Furthermore, the party requests that the marks received by the candidates should be announced publicly before the start of the Walk-in-Interview.
The drug trade used to bring in tens of billions of dollars.
" (Luther: Letters of Spiritual Counsel, 1955) Don't let your faith at such a time be shaken.
In reality, however, we must accept both because they are necessary, and it is through the power of these that they affect our present human nature.
Until this moment, no one has been able to leave that lyngkor because many of the leaders as it appears in society are already biased or unable to emerge.
Kapil Sibal, Chidambaram's lawyer, told the court that the CBI cannot expect Chidambaram to confess.
They want to keep the system in their hands, they don’t want to give freedom to people to make choices as they see fit and learn from what decisions they make, which comes from their responsibility.
This was revealed by the CAG report dated October 31,
“They (traders) say that the price drop is due to the high price of goods, but we don't know whether it is just their trick and we have said clearly that they (traders) will increase the price. which the traders immediately rejected,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The SPNP, an organization working for the welfare of the villages of Nongshken Pyllun including Nongshken, Mawdang and Korblang, as part of the encouraged the students of the Shnong, who have passed well in the 2014 examination, once again invited them to apply for the Award 2014 of the Seng.
Prestone Tynsong said that about 1250 youths will arrive on 20th July 2020 by rail from Karnataka.
The synod service started on 17th October.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner (Incharge) of West Khasi Hills, PD Sangma to demand that the joint investigation of the West Khasi Hills District Council (HYC) should be cancelled. The border area was held on 4th March 2021, in the West Khasi Hills Sector and a new one should be held in the presence of the leaders of the Hima, Shnong and KHADC. On the other hand, the HYC has said that the boundary arrangement in the border areas should be according to the boundary of the Khasi Hima which is according to para 20 of Article the Constitution of the country in which the Hima, Elaka, KHADC and Dorbar Shnongs are important.
: Agriculture is one of the sources of income which has helped many unemployed youths of Nongstoiñ area to stand on their own feet especially in this time of unemployment. They have been able to provide for many of their household needs and have been able to employ other young people.
In this world of science and technology, who doesn't hear the name of Jesus? Who doesn't know what the Gospel is? Because Daniel had long ago prophesied – “The knowledge shall be increased until the end of the days” (Daniel 12:4).
I have told the people that I will not be able to take this decision if the people of the church are not happy.
According to Bible scholars, Jesus died on April 11, 32 AD, six days after he entered Jerusalem through the Golden Gate, and rose again on the 13th. April 32 A.D.Then if men should observe that day of death, how much more should the Son of God who died and rose again.
When asked whether the VPP will be ready to form a government if there is an effort from the ethnic parties, he said, “We will see if there is such a case what we will do. “They will be the same ones we will put if such a time comes,” he said.
Opening the programme, Marcuise N.Marak said that the hard work of the Self Help Groups has witnessed the success of PMKSY. Various reports have shown that farmers and Self Help Groups are committed and determined in their work.
Erwin said the Meghalaya government has discussed only 12 villages in the boundary talks, while Mukroh village, which the Assam government has rejected, has not been discussed.
Joshi also promised to improve the needs of the soldiers working in the state. At present, 18 Jawan Barracks, 16 shelters, 14 water tanks and 3 places to go outside.
“When the Committee has not been able to resolve anything in the meeting with the people, why is it urgent for the state leaders from both the states to visit this place,” she said.
These countries will play each other in 13 ODIs.
“The border issue is a step forward and we have to praise the MDA government for taking action, because for 50 years no government has been able to resolve this issue,” he said. .
Telephones are only Morse Code Alpha, Bravo, Fox Trot etc. The tag was tagged and the telegram reached the house.
The mistake dates back to 1972 and today, the consequences of that mistake are still alive.
Shillong, Jymmang, 13: Thirty-seven students of St. Edmund's College, Ri Bhoi district together with NESFAS leaders have visited the farmland in the state. village.
The refusal to allow farmers to enter the Anjalee parking lot has put the farmers in shock, where vehicles carrying jhur from all over the country, such as Smit, Shiliang Um Diengiei, Ri Bhoi District and from Mylliem area had to park vehicles near Rhino and opposite Arunachal Bhavan.
The members of the Commission include Bonnely Khongmen and Larsingh Khyriem who were MLAs at that time.
After this, the DC's office also came to investigate but they did not explain to the villagers on this matter and the villagers remained in darkness.
Dedicate: means to dedicate, to dedicate, to dedicate, to dedicate. stronger and stronger than others; aiti means to be given away without any use for oneself and not to be given away; The life is not the life of the soul, but the life of the soul; and the sea shall not be able to do anything.
He said that there are many Sengbhalang leaders involved in these benami activities with foreigners.
The circulation of T.500 notes has increased by 68.4% in the market in recent days. , from 60.8% in the previous year.
The state government has closed down non-essential shops in East Khasi Hills, especially in Shillong, to curb the spread of Covid-19 in the state.
Bah ES Ajar, one of the Rangbah who has been involved since the Hill State struggle, said that in his view, the government in the past and now has changed. good.
The union has taken the owners of the vehicles and mechanics to the petrol pump in Nongspung village to investigate to find out the truth.
At its meeting this evening, the HSPDP agreed to support the HNLC's proposal to hold peace talks with the Meghalaya and Indian governments.
Speaking to reporters after being admitted to the Civil Hospital, Khubily Sema, 24, a Naga girl, said she was in pain. She said that while she was walking, she suddenly felt that she had been hit on the head and she said that she felt like her head had fallen. Shasha Nongkynrih, resident of Nongthymmai, said that she was taken to the Civil Hospital by Balari Diengdoh, resident of Nongthymmai. They were working to take care of the Naga child whom they were still in contact with.
Earlier,he had often tried to kiss the 27-year-old woman.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District today conducted a raid on the documents of the Teem shops. How to conduct team shooting in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The European Union leaders are speaking this morning.
The formation of the new group came after the collapse of the Executive Committee of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) led by the United Democratic Party (UDP) led by Sohra MDC Titosstarwell Chyne.
We cannot turn a blind eye to what is happening in the world.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : Ka Kong Kmoiñ Wahlang, 74 years old, is still strong enough to compete with the young athletes in the marathon.
Saiden Secondary School, which has led the state, will leave the state on the 16th of this month. first on the 20th against Goa.
In another Laliga match, Real Madrid beat 3-0 at Eibar, while in Serie A, Juventus beat SPAL 2-0 and Ronaldo also scored. thep shi goal, in this match yesterday.
He also reminded that the number of students is of no value if the quality of education is not good.
The owner of the stolen items has lodged a complaint at Nongstoiñ Police Station and police have registered a case under case number 40(4)19 u/ s 457/380IPC.Furthermore, the police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out more information in connection with many of the thefts. It happened from time to time in the city of Nongstoiñ.
Other members also took part in the discussion in the House on the Bill.
The science block has been constructed at a cost of Rs 1 crore 73 lakh 13 thousand.
Shillong: U Fernandez S Dkhar, candidate of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, told reporters at the Meghalaya TMC headquarters in Upper Lachumiere, Shillong. The Meghalaya TMC, launched by Mamata Banerjee last year, has reached 370,000 registered voters so far.
He said an example of the danger has happened in Tripura where the villagers have become minorities due to the infiltration of other ethnic groups and can no longer protect themselves.
On the other hand, the SP said that these vehicles were passing through Jowai without any emergency and which has caused problems to the health workers who are working hard to protect the people. The public is aware of the spread of Corona virus.
All this happens because of temptation and it is up to us how to avoid it.
She said violation of these laws would subject the perpetrators to legal action.
Now that they have formed the government, he alleged that they have forgotten about the development of the state and have turned to corruption and have no desire to serve the people”.
Her husband, however, admitted that he did it in self-defence.
Many times, compared to the sale and purchase of goods from the trade, the sale of the goods of the mynder here in our country is better than the goods of the indigenous people which also affects their income.
Shillong, March 20: U President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, will arrive in Shillong tomorrow at 2.25 pm. The President will be honored by the troops on the occasion of his landing at 7mer, Upper Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 1: “Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord” (Revelation 14:13) and “Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted” (Matt. 5:4). Nongstoin Region Local Taxi Association has expressed its condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the overturning of a truck in Nongspung, and also to those who are still undergoing treatment at various hospitals. Owners and Driver Association (NRLTODA).
From the stories and the elders I was told about the agriculture that was still in full swing.
According to the comments of many people on social media, they want Bah Amazing Kurbah to contest the MDC election next year.
However, this heavy rainfall may leave only a stalk of rice in the field and all the rice will fall to the ground.
“The government has released T.1.81 crore for transportation.
Hek said there are about 27 specialist doctors at Shillong Civil Hospital.
The influx of Meitei people from Mizoram continues, despite the Mizoram government's commitment to provide special protection for them.
The 5th of July is the day to remind the world to preserve and protect the environment which we have taken away from future generations.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU Tyrso Unit, Raid Tyrso Village Leaders and Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (KSU) have visited a site for the construction of a Multi Facility Center in the village. Tyrso, which is one of the villages in Ri Bhoi and on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, after they saw that the construction has been delayed and has not been completed till today.
The biggest sporting event this year is the North East Olympic Games organized and hosted by the Government of Meghalaya, where more than 3,000 athletes from eight states of the North Eastern Region of India have come to participate. take part.
Smen Kyndait, Smen Kyndait, also stole petrol from Ionis Dkhar's Petrol Pump in Kongkong worth 86,000/- and took a Challan. 88,000/- and the total amount of money stolen from this smen Kyndait has reached 57,92, 754/- This smen Kyndait has cheated many people in Jaintia Hills even from some The current and former MDCs have also been elected, the source said.
Recalling that the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly is known in the country for its discipline, the Lamphang said, “Therefore, we should not participate in allegations without the sufficient direct evidence.
He said that there are those who say that the people who will take part in the election for President or members of the State Executive Member (SCM) are called by Bah Khlursing just to win themselves but they are not right. that member.
At the same time, he said that the office of the Superintendent of Police of the District has registered a suo moto case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
They cannot renew their cards but they have to wait until the MHIS staff comes to renew and implement Phase-III as Phase-I and II have ended, said the staff. when you ask for information.
Sweet expressed her gratitude and respect to Prestone Tynsong, MLA of 27 Pynursla Constituency and at the same time as Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, who has encouraged and assisted her. She was accompanied by words of encouragement and advice before she left for Thailand, with the support of the State Government as well.
When asked whether anyone has taken advantage of the price, the DC said that if they find such a thing, the people should inform the DC to take the necessary action.
He congratulated the entire team of MHSSP and hoped that there will be more projects to strengthen the services of the health department.
It is also sad that we remember and celebrate only two battles against the British Government, the Nongkhlaw War of 1829-1830 and the Synteng War of 1861-1862, while we forget the others. de struggles against the Foreign Government or other discussions which have shaped the rule of law in Bri Hynniewtrep since before the independence of India.
Shillong: The Tyrna District will hold a Village Tourism Festival on the 7th and 8th of November at Tyrna.
In this regard, the FDA has directed fish traders not to import Rahu fish to Mizoram until the results of the tests are received.
At present, there are 81 law village law kyntang in the state and through these they have brought many benefits as they are maintained by the villages themselves.
Seven of them were sent down through the Golden Gate of Sohpetbneng to cultivate.
KHNAM invites all political parties to the meeting called to be held on the 24th of this month. This month at Shillong Club at 1 pm.
After this they went to Ïawmusiang to bring their own trees from the forest from Riatturiem.
The pre-appointment of MLAs helps to deliver development projects that the Government cannot do on its own such as the construction of roads and infrastructure projects for the benefit of the people in the villages.
Nongpoh: Two accidents have happened in Ri Bhoi District today, one near Plasha and the other on the NH-6 under Nongthymmai. Umsning, has caused injuries to two persons.
" The owner of the house said, “Other pastors don't say that like you do but they just eat.
He said that 20 cases have been confirmed in Ribhoi District, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 9 cases in West Garo Hills.
How does the return work, he said, we have small temples in villages known as 'dhams'
Kitboklang Nongtdu was elected as the President of the UDP Jowai Circle, Marki Mulieh as the Vice President, Kynsai Bareh as the General Secretary, Timothy Phawa as the Assistant Secretary and Ma Moonlight Pariat as the Adviser.
Let them live in peace now and in the future.
RUFC had a good chance through Tremiki Lamurong, but it was blocked by a player behind the opposition.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) NEHU Unit today met with the Pro Vice Chancellor of the University on many of the issues of UG and PG students in the state.
Secretary: Deovolent Tang 4.
Shillong: The residents of Umlaiteng village, Mawhati, Ribhoi District, have expressed their strong opposition to the Government's plan to bring the Marten to Umlaiteng.
Do you see these? There is no one because they don't have time to look at how to improve because there are many who believe that it is a government that works for the people.
Therefore, as the President of SWKHDSA, I would like to extend my blessings to the youth who will come out to participate in this competition. Discipline in all these things, because discipline is one of the ways to advance a person in the work they intend.
They were arrested immediately after the raid and handed over to the Oxford Rilbong Police Station.
Before the end of the first half, Ricky Chyne scored the third goal in the 75th minute for Mawtawar SC but the time was short and the team lost 2-3
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly protesting against the government's decision to start the implementation of the The Gaming Act 2021 and the issuance of licenses to open casinos in Ribhoi.
In a letter sent to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD, Prestone Tynsong, DC Nongpoh, the MLA from Assam has sent a copy of the letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD. 18.10.17 to apply for permission for the construction of these roads but he has not received it yet while the work is going on fast.
Both the injured were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
While the match was going on for the Indian defence, GB came forward with their ability to turn the tide until they scored another goal in the 54th minute.
Sawakahi Syngkon, Linimandakini Ksoo and Sareeka Jat took one wicket each.
It is also the first time that a Honda motorcyclist has beaten seven-time MotoGP champion Marc Marquez, who has not competed in the tournament due to injuries since Crutchlow's death. you have brought the thong of victory.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has raised the issue of whether to include players in the Ranji Trophy for the 2023-24 season. Outside for the first class tournament.
Similarly, in 2014, 45,000 copies were purchased at a cost of T.19.80 lakh and in 2016, another 15,000 copies were purchased at a cost of T.6 lakh but no names were received.
He also promised that if he wins, he will provide street lights for the villages and townships, and to bring a residential school in the constituency, which does not require tuition fees. the central government.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Officials of the departments including the Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Fisheries and Community and Rural Development Department as well as the Sakhi Bank under the NRLM will conduct training for all the beneficiaries of PM-KISAN so that they can go to Shillong, June 28: Two persons have committed suicide after a Maruti Alto in which they were traveling collided with a PM-KISAN account. ML-10 5061 collided with a Bolero Pick-up (ML-05 R
Pesticides were also used to prevent the fire from spreading to other parts of the house that have not yet been extinguished.
Friends in the Lord Jesus, let us be like Nehemiah to desire that the work of God will grow, souls will live and turn to the Lord and when we intend good works for the glory of God, God will bless you as He blessed Nehemiah.
He urged the government to expedite the auction of the coal according to the order of the Supreme Court.
He said that as the Minister of State in charge of Veterinary and Animal Husbandry, he is pleased that the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society has taken this initiative to hold the festival to raise awareness about the arrival of these animals. Amur falcons in Tyrso, but we still need to know exactly where these falcons came from and how they journeyed back to Tyrso. They came to live in the area of ​​Tyrso.
A 2-cm piece of chicken bone stuck in the digestive tract of a 10-year-old child was removed by doctors at a city health centre.
He expressed his surprise that Meghalaya has agreed with Assam to retain its status but the truth is that Assam has now come to do the National Registration of Citizens (NRC), road construction, and others. Meghalaya has been allowed to work while schemes from Meghalaya such as MGNREGS, and others have been banned by Assam.
Bah A.Nongbri, ADC North Eastern West Khasi Hills District, who was the Chief Guest, in his speech, expressed his gratitude to the school for helping the Election Commissioners to provide training for the Sign. Language, which has been a great help to the Election Department in the conduct of the elections.
Arlangky came forward to take a penalty kick and sent the ball from the right side of the goal but the goalkeeper Wanteilang Malngiang sent it back to the other side. Dibormi Kassar had one attempt but it was blocked by Henry and this attempt was the only attempt by Rangdajied during the match.
However, the question arises whether the Khasi, after they have become prosperous and have increased in income and education, will lose the protections of the Constitution, such as the The indigenous people of India are a minority and account for only about 9% of the total population of the country and unless they receive special protection by law or regulations in the Riti Synshar shall be destroyed and shall be destroyed forever.
The lack of heavy rainfall in these days, months and months has caused a lot of flooding and even the water supply is in danger.
The army also agreed with the fact, saying that the Indian troops, blocked the PLA troops in parts of Chumar and after a while, the PLA, withdrew. to your own place.
For these areas, it was suggested that the government should encourage the people to use bicycles from the IGP, DC Office to Khyndailad and Motphran.
Many non-BJP members, both men and women, came to attend the rally organized by the BJP at Khyndai Lad.
You can also watch on Instagram.
“She accepted it again and immediately grabbed the clean khadja as if to cover them again.” “Yes, yes, it's enough and we've covered it twice,” said the elders.
You have the CAB platform of the Lapse.
and that is why the drunkenness of money has been established.
In the first leg, Mawlynnong Fighters beat Laitlum Hitters by five runs.
No request from Clubs will be accepted and will not be accepted against teams or players once they have been reviewed by the Union.
Shillong, November 12: The Indian Air Force (IAF) is preparing to deploy radars in the rural areas of the North East, which borders Bangladesh, China and Myanmar.
The PM Gatishakti National Master Plan has been launched to accelerate infrastructure projects, while it is hoped that the construction of highways and industrial corridors will create many job opportunities.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma, on July 8, recognized Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA from Mylliem Constituency, as the Leader of the Opposition in the party. the State House of Representatives.
Speaking to media on 13th June, Mondal said, “Last month I went to inspect the dam and the question arose whether the square or the road will be cleaned. not with bitumen or dewbilat.
Not only that, the BJP's vote share in this election has decreased slightly compared to
However, to avoid the power outages in the state, the IT department has directed the school authorities to purchase their own battery UPS (uninterruptible power supply).
(k) Issued without the consent of the House.
Many recognitions and encouragements have been expressed through this for the benefit of the athletes of the country as well as the states which have already organized various sports in different states.
“The Hima Sohra doesn't exclude its brothers and sisters who come to work in this area of ​​the Hima Sohra. to clarify the names so that the organizations from these areas can take action”.
They had to give the food to the children with a shamoit in bed.
There was a very dangerous danger now if people succumbed to delusion, where the truth would go hiding in the woods.
Shillong: Police in West Khasi Hills District, have arrested four owners of illegal coke factories in the district. Bar State does not have illegal factories.
“They (Congress) have not got enough candidates to contest and they can win only from three or four constituencies according to our estimates,” he said.
Whom then shall I blame ? the slap or the man? Minister in charge of Roads, what have you done to improve the roads and paths in the villages? For example, the Shillong-Jowai road, which has not been approved by the State Court, has been approved by the State Court.
It is to be recalled that on the 26th October, the religious leaders of the Raij together with the Waheh Wasan of the Raij had come out in front of the Syiem's ​​Market to perform the Kbai Mooknor Ritual in front of the Syiem's ​​Market. The time to start the Behdeinkhlam festival in the village of Raij.
Speaking to media, the adviser of the All Jaintia Midday Meal Workers Union, Bah Khroo L. Pariat, said that they have not received permission from the government.
If you don't take care of your mouth, your teeth can suffer equally from problems such as tooth decay, weakness, pain, tooth decay, infection and others.
“What remains is to cut down the trees that are left to be cut down by the foreigners.
“After appearing in the media, I spoke face to face with Bah HDR Lyngdoh and he said don't believe the news of people because he has been in the party for 30 years and he will stay in the Congress,” he said. Bah Pala in an interview with reporters after the opening of the meeting at Nongthliew village.
The remaining 345 people have taken refuge in Champhai, Khawzawl, Serchhip, Mamit, Lunglei and Hnahthial districts.
The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) comprises the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM), Coordination of Ribhoi Peoples' (CORP) and Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM). ) has held a march against the Standard Operation Protocol (SOP) on coal mining including 8 demands on the border, the inclusion of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo languages ​​in the 8 of the Country, employment and others.
Shillong, July 13: White Eagle Production has announced that it will soon release the film Ina-Morato, a film about the decline in marriage in today's society.
“Regarding this violation, you as the DEO of Ri-Bhoi District should immediately send an inquiry to verify this allegation, which occurred at the 35-Shiliang Umdoh Polling Station of Mawhati Constituency,” he said. The CEO said to the DEO of Ribhoi.
After serving as District Transport Officer (DTO) for five years, Bah Syngkon resigned from his post in 2013 and expressed his desire to enter the political arena to serve better. to the people.
He said that the arrest of the Sengbhalang leader and four others was intentional and police have not received any evidence that the Sengbhalang leader and four others were arrested. leader of the party, involved with the Council.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Hima Mylliem have decided that from 1st November, 2013, shopkeepers will no longer be allowed to use plastic. waste mainly from plastic.
“This eye treatment has made us the women's organization to conduct this program because we see that many of them have not been able to go to the health centers even if they have eye problems. “Who came here has been a great blessing,” said Kong Lymba.
Those who received it did not receive the food they used to eat during the day, but received it as the food they used to drink during the day.
Speeches by all those who spoke on the occasion, including Bah George B.Lyngdoh, Bah PS Tariang and others, said that the fish farming in the rice fields will help a lot. The farmers, because besides the benefits of rice, they also get these fish, but the most important thing is that by raising these fish, it will fertilize the farm, which may be the plant shall be better.
“I'll call you anymore, if you want to come I'll call you now, no, because you're with me, I'll be happier because I know you well,” said Deisy. you can't call the phone.
The village leaders of the area said that the PWD Mairang should look into and inform the higher authorities like the SE of Nongstoin, CE of PWD Shillong and the Minister of PWD to take action to save the people from this. the problem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: U Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has urged not to call for talks with the political parties while they continue their protests.
Surprisingly, when the CRPF came, they protected these foreigners and tied lathi around the Khasi.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident and seized hundreds of bottles of kyiad, cars, condoms, dakar and Sixty-eight suspects, including 26 women, were also arrested.
In 2017, the State Government has recognized Bah Sumar for his contribution to Khasi literature by awarding him the Tirot Sing Award on the occasion of Meghalaya Day.
Shillong, November 10 : The Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong will hold a cleanliness drive on the 12/12/2022 from 8 pm.
In addition, according to the Ministry of Home Affairs Notification, New Delhi, 10 December 2003, it is stated in section 4(3) that “all the collections of the NPR shall be examined by the Local Registrar for the purpose of preparing the NRC. According to the notification of the MHA dated 10th December 2003, sec 4 states that the Registrar shall visit the households to collect the information of the people, and is fully empowered to declare anyone as a “D-Voter” (Doubtful Voter).
Inspector in Charge Ri Bhoi, and Bah B.Riahtam Asstt.
The NECDC also includes Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Sikkim and Mizoram which was established in 2016 to bring about unity among the states of the North East to have permanent membership. ), participation in the Ranji Trophy and other BCCI tournaments, and development in the construction of stadiums.
She said that in two days it will be six months since the death of Bah Che, but the Government has not yet done anything against the bloodthirsty people who have killed him. paint Mr. Che.
“Until now, no Khasi MLA has dared to say anything about the RR Colony because of the vote and they have never raised this issue in the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Pasi. The colony was formerly part of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency and now it falls under Nongthymmai Constituency.
The game was very tense on both sides and Mawkhar FC didn't allow and struggled to score but until the end of the first half they couldn't score a goal. led 2-0.
The victory in this regard to eradicate slavery that affects the development of the country is the cooperation of all from the time of electing the leaders who become rulers, the cooperation with government departments in the implementation of the to promote diversity and also to bring about unity and harmony.
He said that there are rules of the MCC which prohibit political parties from making any promises such as fraud which could affect the right to longtrai to fulfill the election target. of the people.
The students said that they have to go to Guwahati and other states of North East India to take the examinations because the state does not have one.
However, as demanded by the HFU, the government has promised to implement the Farmers Commission and we have seen through the media that the government has also agreed to declare it as the Year of the Farmers. in the year
Police said that three persons died on the spot while two others died after being taken to a government hospital.
Malaysia came third with four gold and one silver medals.
“It has come to the point where before applying for government jobs, young people have to think whether there are any people in power who can help them,” he said.
: It means that he shall serve and respect the rights of others in all aspects in word and deed.
Is this true? As you can see on this page, these verses have been added.
On the occasion, the Minister said that the decision of the Boundary Committee of KHADC to appeal to the High Court on the social demarcation in the first phase is a personal decision of some and has nothing to do with it. and the District Council or the party.
It will be up to the political parties, leaders, religious leaders, village leaders and youth to work together to bring peace in the state and it is expected that the CBI will submit its report soon.
As a brother and as an elder, he wanted to send her home because it was too late.
In a statement, VPP leader Bah Ricky Syngkon told reporters on 27th June that the decision not to join the committee was taken because the question of discussing the roster did not arise. Because the position of the party is clear and that is the urgent need to review the Reservation Policy.
The tournament was inaugurated by Dr. CJK Warjri BDO, Bhoirymbong C&RD Block as the chief guest and Bah Amit Sinha, Incharge Khapmara PIC as the guest of honour. Committee, Rangbah Shnong and other elders.
Sachin Pilot wrote on Twitter, “I appeal to my fans to be calm and knowledgeable.
However, at the same time, we have to look at a few facts and these are that less than a year ago, Martin Dango, resigned for the best reason and for the sake of the security of Ranikor. However, the UDP does not have the heart to think about the welfare of Ranikor and does not think about the reason for the resignation of Danggo and also the relationship in the state government and they fight and win. late.
They also said that soon the commercial vehicle associations will come out to raise public awareness on many issues, besides the increase in the price of petrol.
All foreigners or new residents are not allowed to return home or leave the village and it is prohibited to invite friends to stay in their homes until further notice.
Maharashtra has 68,631 new cases, Delhi 25,462, Karnataka 19,067 and Bengaluru 12,7
He added that the Minister has already prepared the matter to be taken to the Mangtyngka Dorbar to be held soon so that the shirt can be removed. the problem.
The Chief Leader of the Union of Barikor in the State, Bah Raphael Warjri, acknowledged the statement of those leaders and stressed the need for the development of skilled trainers in the field of writing in the state. for the development of young people who want to improve in this field.
However, he said that his supporters wanted the ticket to be announced, because as of now they are in confusion and do not understand how to proceed and start campaigning.
Not only that, the market will become the market of the Khasi-Jaintia people and the Land Transfer Act, the law prohibiting the purchase of land by Dkhars in Khasi Jaintia Hills, will be strengthened. owner of owner of village owner of country.
The tournament is for the football children of the villages within the boundary of Sohryngkham.
“We have appointed subject experts to review the books submitted by any author on any subject and for that article, we create a code for the book, so that those who review that book , they don't know who wrote it but they judge only the best books,” said Bah Marbaniang and added, “The judging of books is like a correction for the matric examination candidates. you roll number but you don't know the name of the child or the school"
When the House resumed its session in June, Prof Martin Majaw filed a complaint against the newspaper on the grounds that it had underestimated the value of the Nongmihkhmat.
Students who wish to drop out after one year can receive a certificate, a diploma after two years and a degree after three years, while students who complete a four year degree can receive a certificate together. you are searching.
“We suspect and are investigating that here in Shillong, the land has started to go to the saipan.
The campaign will include public meetings, awareness campaigns, social assistance, singing and others.
Tomi Lamare scored the first goal for SCSC Nonglatem in the 19th minute.
Returning to the Electricity Department which is the topic that these two brothers like to talk about from time to time, what is surprising is that many of the jyrwit jyrwait related to the news these days are the actions of of the Congress Party itself during its eight years of rule in which these two were among them all.
“I would like to ask the government why other contract workers of various departments receive the same salary while they are working and why the government gives salary to them. Pay Scale like other government employees,” he added.
He also requested the government to turn to such activities and provide assistance so that the Raid as a whole can improve and develop the activities from one year to the next. another.
SHILLONG: Shillong Lajong Football Club has been selected to take part in the All India Football Federation's Elite Youth League for the 2022-23 season.
However, the increase in crime, murder and other crimes has been 34 percent higher than before.
Criticizing the Narendra Modi-led government in Delhi, Prof Kma said, “I feel that if the BJP comes back on time, I don't know what kind of change they will bring.
MAKO was also the luckiest and the first team with the largest number of people to fly from Umroi Airport to Delhi, where they were able to take pictures with the management of the fly big.
U Kiang also gave a ïeiñ to explain the maïa ri and the maïa religion.
These foreigners are like carriers of words whether for good or bad.
“It would not be appropriate to punish anyone without a full investigation, as a judicial inquiry has been appointed to bring out the truth on this incident,” he said.
If they are found to have received more than the contract demand, they will be fined.
Professor Oldham, who has been sent to Nongjri, Umniuh-Tmar, Pynursla and Laitlyngkot, said: “The elevation of Laitlyngkot is 5073 feet above sea level. jungle, the soil is of fair quality for a hilly country, and climate which is far preferable to that of Cherrapunjee, being much less humid, is very healthy and apparently well suited to the European constitution at all seasons of the year.
Together with the offer of these dishes that are cooked according to the latest culinary techniques and with excellent services, makes this the perfect place for diners to come to relax with family or with friends or with whom they want to associate themselves with activities.
Speaking to media, JAC Secretary Vincent Sohkhwai in the presence of Bines Makri Chairman said that the drivers are angry with the government's actions. elections and also during the outbreak of Covid-19 where they have not received any money yet as drivers they are suffering after spending many months with the government without receiving any money.
After the hearing, the Special Judge (POCSO), West Garo Hills, found Arindom Das guilty and sentenced him under Section 8 R/W Section 18 of the POCSO. Act 2012.
According to the MP, the time has passed in these years, because he has to look for a house here and there because he is still new.
The investigation team investigated the coal mine.
“The Rajasthan government has been one of the strongest governments in the country.
Furthermore, Bah Seibor said that he has a sincere desire to eradicate the spread of drugs because drugs are a robber, a destroyer especially to the youth, families and the nation. .
Dr. Ampareen said that kwai is one of the agricultural products that the Ministry of Agriculture has improved in the coming years. Lyngdoh Tongkhar, who wanted to know whether the kwai was sold as a commodity.
Out of the 1,574 cases, 991 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills including 26 cases from the Armed Forces and 965 cases from civilians. There are 3 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 159 cases including 9 Armed Forces and 150 civilians. There are 166 cases including 12 Armed Forces and 154 civilians, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 31 cases in South Garo Hills, 52 cases in East Garo Hills and 154 cases in North. There are 18 districts in Garo Hills.
“When I looked, I saw that Soso Tham has a relationship with Jaintia Hills where his father is from the Khar Tongper clan and his mother is from the Lyngkien Tham clan,” said Kharlukhi. Speaking on the history of Soso Tham, he expressed his regret that this great thinker has not received any support from the people in relation to his contribution to literature and this has affected him. He urged the KAS to take measures to train the people to know and support the talented people of the community.
“You call it the opinion or the opinion of the majority, but the discussion, this time, shows clearly, that the BJP, will be the party, the majority of MPs this time. now,” said Patel, while discussing the results of the MP elections.
He said that when he comes to victory, the Engineering College should be built according to the proposal to be put in Thadmuthlong. 3-Raliang Constituency, said Lakhon.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) South West Khasi Hills District and Mawkyrwat Circle today sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and also to the MDCs of KHADC. approves the proposal of the BSF to purchase land to build a camp in Mawkyrwat.
He blessed them no matter what political party they contested.
“We see that the Prime Minister has admitted that the NPP will bring that wind of change but he has brought the wind of destruction to the state,” Benedic said.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 07: Since the government has renewed the leadership and members of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute for West Khasi Hills, which has two border disputes, The areas in the first phase have been completed and the Langpih sector in the second phase has not been completed yet.
Lapang said Indira was a skilled leader since she was a child and she proved her skills and understanding after becoming Prime Minister.
Through this victory, Pompyrthat has been promoted to the Third Division.
Since the outbreak of the disease, the government has closed down all the villages, markets, offices, schools and educational institutions as well. good.
Ma Deimonmi said that the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap Pyllun has opposed the proposal of the Assam Government to set up a BOP near the river.
Bah Shangpliang said that he will continue to work to serve the poor and the farmers as he used to do when he was an MLA and will continue to bring the issues of the farmers to the Government for the betterment of the farmers. the poor and farmers of the State.
These leaders don't know the truth and they are just talking nonsense because now they have joined the NPP”.
While the state government has not yet appointed households with lyndan lyndan who have exceeded their skills in this field from the salonsari or the synjuk in the community, there should be a way. from those who work willingly to cover this burden; including from the public.
Shillong: The President of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Rahul Gandhi today appointed three Congress MLAs from the state as Secretaries of the AICC. Secretaries are Zenith Sangma, Charles Pyngrope and Ampareen Lyngdoh.
They also sought clarification from the government on these three issues including the report of the Entry and Exit Point which has been sent to the Social Impact Assessment (SIA) to clarify how it is now.
Therefore, it is necessary for each of us to be free from the bondage of sin and Satan so that we can see the miracles of God in the midst of this present suffering.
However, due to such inconsistency at the end of the road, Bah Kitbok has come out to demand that the present MDA government should do something.
It is impossible to say that in this age we are living in an age where health has been severely affected because we have been living in an age where vegetables, meat and fish have been forcibly increased. , beef, pork, chicken, goat and other foods only with medicines.
Recently, the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has threatened to protest if the government continues to delay in releasing their allowance of Rs 500 per month. of the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme, which has been suspended for nine months.
Expressing the problems faced by the State Commission for Women, she said that most of the time when there is violence against women, they blame the Commission for what it has done.
“We have received information that there are some blocks in the district, which have more than two Gram Sevaks,” she said.
DCIC Jowai invites applications for women and men to be trained in various fields. This assistance to the affected families falls under the Ex-Gratia Payment of Gratuitous Relief.
When I was driving from Seiñduli to Riangdo, I heard a woman say, “The customs of the Marams have nothing to do with ours.
Another decision taken by the Cabinet today is to change the name of the Labor Department to the Department of Labour, Employment and Skill Development.
Agartala: Tripura Chief Minister Dr Manik Saha on Friday said that the BJP will not accept or support the demand of a new national party in Tipra Motha. The TMP has been involved in the demand for a new state, Greater Tipraland.
Furthermore, what is more surprising is that the names of the election campaigners in front of these candidates are also in English or Western names. The campaigners of Mr. Vincent are Dr. Donwa. Dethwelson Lapang (D.D Lapang), Mr. Prestone Tynsong, Mr. John F Kharshiing.
Kim and Kanye were born in January 2014 in Italy.
HYDERABAD: Employees of Bharat Biotech, a company that manufactures pharmaceuticals to protect the people of India from the coronavirus, have now tested positive for the coronavirus.
“Until now, we are still in talks with the MPCC leaders and no decision has been taken because I have not yet entered and I have not sent any letter to enter yet,” said Bah Process. on Tuesday.
Jowai, Nailar 13: The District Open Badminton Championship scheduled to be held in July has been postponed from September 1 to September
It is not good to put in running water.
Is it a short philosophical book, and how did it come into the Bible? asked Bishop Shelby Spong.
Replying to a question by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, Dasakhiat said, “There have been many pressures from the Government of India to implement the project but we have to consider the objections and talk to the groups. besides trying to get their consent.
They must expose the wickedness and corruption.
The reasons for the opposition are that there is a communications problem, where many of the people of these villages do not know how to speak the central language of the community, let alone the language. foreigners (Hindi, English) don't know anything and this hampers the work and the loss is to the people.
Hato La is the child of the saipan? it may be less, but it is not wrong as John Maynard Keynes (Economist) said.
It works well in moisturizing, softening and plumping the skin.
He said that in April this year, Meghalaya had allowed women to have half the membership in VECs, which is the first time in the country. The MOTHER app, which has been launched since April 2019 to identify women with two bodies.
“According to the Chairman, he went to cast his vote as an MDC of Mawkhar Pynyhorumkhrah and on the other hand, Bah Bindo said, “He runs the House himself. he was appointed Chairman.
The incident, according to the President of the KSU, said that while the woman was returning from work, she came near the Jiva Resort and below the NIT, suddenly a man came and stabbed her. He also threw and stabbed the woman on the road and tried to kill her, but fortunately at that time a car was found and the man at that time fled the scene. from this bag.
Daniel said the ILP is an issue that the political parties have demanded with a clear vision for the future of the nation.
“I assure you here that this Act will not affect Assam or any part of this region and this Act will allow those minorities to claim to be Indian citizens and there is no “It's not a good idea to allow without looking carefully,” said Modi.
Regarding the upgradation of Raliang OP to Police Station, he admitted that Raliang should have been upgraded to Police Station because of the large border area where it has to look after and provide services to the people. it depends on the budget of the government.
“I must listen to my mother's advice,” he said to himself. “Those children whom I used to accompany, if they don't change, they will get into trouble later.
“This includes the improvement, modernization and up gradation of the Umiam Stage 3 Hydroelectric Plant at a cost of T.408 crore”.
Hundreds of people from Sohiong have accompanied Bah Synshar at the registration ceremony which was held at the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
AmenN.B: For more articles you can read at this link: jestermawlong.
He said that in the last three years the state government has invested about T.700 crore to bring about change and meet the basic needs of the farmers so that their agriculture and products can be improved. they shall be precious and precious.
Ratcliffe, who has been supporting the club since he was a child, has announced that he has signed the highest salary for the club and is looking for ways to get more. intermediaries between him and others.
In a statement, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong of Mawpun Kshaid, who is also the President of the CoRP, expressed his regret over the silence of the MDA government regarding the problems faced by the people. The government has not released any funds for the MNREGS scheme and many development works have been suspended due to lack of funds. mad trouble at such a time.
If we, more than 30-40% of the youth, come forward to express our voice and feelings, we can easily decide who will be our leaders and rulers.
It is against the purpose of the Constitution.
“We are the first state in the country to train the youth in one of their skills and we want the youth to have the opportunity to develop their skills. ki" he said more and more.
He said that since the beginning of the government under his leadership, it has taken the initiative to do or do any work that has been done for 100 years, but in the last four and a half years, this has been achieved. Your government has been able to accomplish it.
“Surprisingly, when we came to inspect, we found that many of the shopkeepers and employees of various shops, did not have proper documents, because almost all of these shops “We went to check and found that they had documents like trading and labor license,” said Jayson Nongrum.
The Minister's remarks came after the media questioned the UCIL's announcement in a newspaper in the state for the construction of facilities at the uranium mine in the state. in Mawthabah-Domiasiat in South West Khasi Hills.
“Our desire for the meeting is not to join the meeting but to discuss the issues of education in the state, which we are concerned about,” said Bah Nongsiang. Within the stipulated time, the teachers in the state will consider to take other routes.
Bright colour, cleanliness, neatness and the behavior of the shopkeeper are the most important factors to attract the attention of the shop.
On the other hand, he expressed his pleasure to receive the invitation from the VC on 8th November,2023 to discuss the issue of NEP-2
When asked, Gogoi said the people of the state are eager to see the faces of the new candidates because they have already seen the faces of political party leaders who have moved from one party to another. elections, these same people promise heaven and earth but they cannot fulfill their promises.
There is a kind of kba called kba aus lane ahu which is planted in the field; and the second, the aus, the ahu, the sara.
A 10-year-old child, son of Hial Dkhar, and another 11-year-old girl were seriously injured in the fire while another boy was seriously injured and rushed to the hospital. He was taken to Khliehriat CHC and later to NEIGRIMS for treatment.
He said that the world's attention to India brings responsibility.
Fullmoon has been handed over to the Nongstoin Police Station and a case has been registered against him. do not be strong.
Jowai, July 28: Former MDC of Sohkymphor, Seven Born Tang today took oath as the newly appointed MDC of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC). J.Khyriem in the presence of Chairman of the Council, Laitsing Shylla.
At the same time, he gave an example that if the farmers want to run the market in a proper manner, they should not sell kilos of synsar with a heavy bag but as synsar that has been used to spread. He said that a company which has just produced 'BASUBA BROOM' in Bhoi, Rymbong Block has done what is right to sell the synsar at a reasonable price. and this synsar has already been made available online through Amazon at the price of T.280/-.
God has given us only one mother and one father and we can never call other people mothers and fathers.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong said that it will continue to follow up until those involved in the embezzlement of public money are arrested and demanded that all those involved be punished.
These reasons can also bring them happiness.
He said that the government has started the demolition of these factories from the 8th of this month and the target is to complete it by the 20th of this month.
“This will help the people to get information and will make it easier for them to collect information by simply inserting it into the computer,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The statue of Swamivari at the Narasimha Swamy Temple in Varaha has been destroyed.
D.Laloo, JwaiThe sound of ksing and tangmuri has started, when the time of the Behdeiñkhlam festival has come again in Jwai village. In the past, the ancestors (Ñiamtre) have done a lot of work in preparing their own households, villages and branches so that the days of the Behdeiñkhlam festival will be smooth and orderly. phuh I phieng in the midst of peace.
According to an office memorandum issued by Dr. Vijay Kumar D, IAS, Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Finance Department, the allowance will be paid from the 1st of this month. July 2022 is the year.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) today announced the temporary establishment of the Women Wing.
SK United XI beat AB FC 2-1 goals on the opening day of the 11th Cash Prize Knock-Out Football Tournament Hills District.
Police have arrested these two men and they have confessed to being members of the HYC and have also confessed to being involved in the burning of these two vehicles.
For Ri! In this time of crisis, the duty we must do is: First of all, we have to ask whether the introduction of Indians to us is whether the foreigners will rule over us. you bri you country? Is the purpose to wipe out us poor people from the face of the earth or to promote mutual respect and strengthen our ownership of our country? to demand ILP from the State Government and the Central Government.
During the inspection, they found many deficiencies in the operation of the hospital.
The Government will also renew the VAT on liquor, to reconsider allowing liquor outlets to close for a long time.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The PFR Football Academy, one of the leading football training centers in the state, has been invited to participate in the Tezpur Challenge Cup Football Tournament, organized by Tezpur. The tournament will be held from 17th September to 24th November, 2023 in Tezpur, Assam.
On the other hand, the Pa'iem expressed his regret that the people living in these border villages have been neglected and treated unfairly by the Government of Meghalaya, which has left them sometimes unable to leave. They have been forced to take advantage of the schemes provided by the Assam government.
A total of 129 checkpoints have been set up in most districts in the hilly and plain areas and 2,027 people have been arrested so far for their involvement in the violence, the statement said. .
He said that the change has many issues that should be discussed.
At this time, we also remember especially the workers who cut stone and wood and who serve in the cleaning of the body and the budlum in order to earn a living, to support and feed their families. .
Speaking to reporters, Pynthymmaibor said, “The enforcement of Section 144 CrPc for many months has been a misuse of power”.
On Saturday, Jyrwa also swore in 51 office bearers of the KSU-NEHU Unit including the President Khynpham Kharlyngdoh, former President of the KSU-NEHU Unit, Vice President Simon Kharsohtun, General Secretary. Rhembor Saibon, asst general secretary – Lambok Hynniewta, finance secretary – Eveningstone Myrboh, organizing secretary – Ridame Sari, education secretary – Nangsan Khongwir, publicity secretary – Pyndap Lawrynniang, socio-cultural secretary – Lurlam Jyrwa, girls' Dkhar – Bada and Phira Buhray and 40 executive members.
"He said one thing they are sure of is that what they do is in accordance with the rules of law and in a clean and transparent manner.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday said that it has not seen any shortage of traffic in Shillong, even though the Government has used professional agencies.
They recalled that in the past few months they had met with the Commissioner Secretary STA and DTO Enforcement and promised to do something after the Puja holiday, but till now they have not done anything.
Furthermore, if the rice cannot be delivered on time, it is a loss to the children, because many of the dealers do not know when the rice will arrive at the school. I was reminded that they were going to seize.
Persara Uppet Primary School, Nongjyndiang, one of the rural villages in West Khasi Hills, has struggled to provide education to the children of Nongjyndiang. The school has faced many problems due to the lack of adequate school building.
Conrad said that putting the interests of the people first, the NPP-led Government has focused on development works in all aspects in the State.
He said that the 60 MLAs have committed a crime by not following the resolution they passed in
“They say that Mar is rich, if others are rich, how can Mar not be rich?
Custom officials have arrested one person and the investigation is ongoing.
In fact, in South West Khasi Hills District, the 30th of November is celebrated as Sngap Syiem Day and it is also a District Holiday. KSU which went to this village to build a monument to this Syiem several years ago.
The union strongly condemns this demand of the union because it is unfounded.
Even in Jowai, salonsar has not been accepted because there are no written characters used for almost 400 years since the invention of Thomas Jones.
He said that public service is not only through one job but there are many ways of public service.
“My knee injury affected me for two hours,” said the 55th ranked player in the world.
The martial arts school has won 22 medals including Gold, Silver and Bronze.
He said that if the woman does not do anything in these two days, the village through the Waheh Shnong will file a Defamation Law against her. but Pale Elm.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister and President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that the government will not shake the cabinet of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. ) but will look into the posts to be given to the five Congress MLAs who have come to support and join hands with the MDA.
The $300 million US donation also includes bullets for the Patriot Air Defense System, AIM-7 missiles, Avenger Air Defense System and Stinger missiles.
Two days before Conrad K Sangma will be sworn in as the Chief Minister of the new government scheduled to be held on the 7th of this month at the Governor's residence, the UDP and PDF have now The UDP and PDF have left the country on Tuesday to support the government led by the NPP, BJP and others. They understand that they cannot form a coalition government of the ethnic parties after they do not have enough people even with the support of the VPP, TMC and Congress.
It is a monument erected in memory of their late father Nicholas Kharbangar.
This writer sought information on the distribution of notices through the government department from 1999 to 2001, but after six months, he received a reply, which tells the story. about the fire and then it was reported that it was another fire, which was very serious.
Regarding the deterioration of this road, for a long time the residents and drivers who use this road, have been complaining and those who are eager to get a proper road, for the safety of traveling. However, now we have heard the voice of the school children from Raitong and other villages, who said that almost every day they don't get to school on time and there are cases when they don't find school anymore. because they don't have a car and it's too late because of the bad road.
Eight participants including 6 women and 2 men participated in the competition.
PART 1In the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here, because men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money.
Shillong: Members of the Coordinating Committee (CCORMAU) today vowed to lodge a complaint against the Chief Secretary, Secretary and Chairman cum Managing Director of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation. Limited (MeECL) if the retired employees do not receive their pension within the 15th of this month.
The celebration of this special day was held at Umphyrnai in collaboration with Dongmusa Umphyrnai which is one of the Youth Clubs in the village.
He said that the authorities at such a time, will not remain silent or sit idly by to release these criminals and robbers who take the lives of the people without any regard. However, they shall investigate and monitor until they find all those involved and shall also face the penalties and laws relating to their violations.
NECARF, in a statement issued by James Pochury, expressed its shock and sorrow over the arrest of Fr.Stan Swamy SJ, after being interrogated for 15 hours. “The arrest of this Catholic priest, who has dedicated his life to help the youth of this country, without discrimination, any religion, but who stands to help the refugees of the country as a whole,” said the statement.
So we tried to contact him and send him to the office.
Mylliemngap said that the allegation that Bah Sanbor has resigned has no reason but the allegation is against those MLAs who are MDCs who are not from the opposition but they are, in fact. that they should stand up and not resign.
However, it is necessary for the Rangbah Shnongs and shopkeepers to create ways and means to educate the people to refrain from throwing garbage in these streams or discharging garbage from shops and houses. shed.
As a citizen of Meghalaya I have had many opportunities to spread traditional songs and poetry not only in India but abroad,” said Kong Silbi.
Kyrmen Shylla in his speech urged the children to take note and reflect on the information they receive in order to build themselves and the society.
Once the authority says so, all citizens have to obey.
Shillong Lajong have three matches left this season, and their next match will be against Delhi FC on 11th June at the Minerva Sports Complex, Delhi. They will play against FC Bengaluru United on 21st June at the Cooperage Stadium, Mumbai.
“The District Task Forces have been set up under the leadership of the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts, in which the appointment of Labor Inspectors in all the blocks of the state is part of the implementation of this Act. .
“47-51 percent of registered pregnant women do not have to give birth in hospitals and are more likely to give birth at home,” said the CAG report. certainly from people health.
However, it is not to associate India with these, but it cannot be said that the BJP has the support of the majority Hindu groups and these majority Hindu groups, especially the Shit religious groups. expressing their cultural appearance and identity that they do not approve of other religious and ethnic groups not belonging to the same background settling down or becoming citizens of India.
Speech was also delivered by Bah PJ Lamare Rangbah Shnong Mawroh in the presence of the office bearers of the Mawroh Youth Association and others.
The French Government at that time had built an airport at Shella for one main reason and that was to transport the Khasi Mandarin from Khasi to foreign countries. that it is a perishable goods.
It is a shame that such things have happened in front of the Government but the MDA Government has turned a blind eye,” said Zenith.
At a meeting chaired by MPCC President DD Lapang, he said that three days have been given to those who wish to register their names for the election. elected Lok Sabha.
He said that this meeting was on climate change in the world, because this year in the state the rainfall did not fall in the month of June, it did not fall in the month of rain which is the planting season. The government has decided to turn off the electricity supply due to the collapse of the damsite.
The contribution of those places established by Christian churches, whether in education, health, social development, income development and culture, is shibynta for the good of the land.
Earlier, the plan to mine uranium was limited to the eastern parts of India.
The group of Sengbhalang said that it is regretful that the Indian government has implemented the ILP only in Manipur, but Meghalaya which has been demanding for a long time has not been implemented. The state of Meghalaya as a whole.
The President of the UDP declined to comment on how the party will accept them but said that there are many ways for the party to accept those who are against the party.
That is the question that the JHADC and the Government will have to answer.
“We expect that Bah Wahlang, who is an experienced man in the field, will continue to provide a valuable service to bring about change and benefit to the state and the people of the country. in many areas.
He also spoke on the issue of child abuse by saying that children who are victims of such abuse can take steps to end their own lives as they learn. heh you know.
“This issue is one that all the residents of Khasi Jaintia should give their full support,” said Bah RS Sohlang, former Sordar of Markasa Village along with other prominent elders in West Khasi Hills.
Here too, once again, the ceremony was held according to the request for the 10th Annual Kiew Pyneh Rngiew which will be held on the 05th July
Especially if the husband dies, the husband suffers greatly when he is sick or ill and there is no proper caregiver.
Only by the decision of one or two (the Sordar and Rangbah Shnong) they decide exactly and say that it is the decision of the dorbar.
Carness recalled that this day was also a success after the visit of the Chief Secretary, who promised to provide College Buses to the college.
To conclude this news I have to say:-There are those who say that this virus was made by the people of China.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: After receiving a tip on the presence of drug traffickers, the Ri-Bhoi Police this morning conducted a raid and seized an Alto (ML). 05 E 0804) at Umran, Ri-Bhoi and arrested four persons along with heroin seized from the vehicle.
On this occasion, the union found that the two electricity posts are no longer stable which poses a threat to the houses nearby.
Nongpoh, July 27: One person was killed and another seriously injured when a truck collided with two vehicles and a shop on the National Highway. -6 at Pahamrioh Village in Ri-Bhoi District.
The hearing comes on the heels of Depp's lawsuit against a newspaper in the United Kingdom, which alleged that Depp was a rapist. pointed out to the newspaper, for some reason, that Heard was telling the truth.
His skills and knowledge of liturgy led to his election as Member Secretary of the International Commission on Liturgy.
In the second half, Malki strengthened the team and went straight to the goal of Mawkhar to score the goalkeeper of Mawkhar.
Along with the large number of bullets and water chemicals, which were broken in a street, there were also documents which were broken in the same place, which were kept in a file.
The WJNC – Iooksi Circle, under the leadership of President Nidaiohi Dhar, has continued to help the victims of the lockdown. distribution of 3 kilos of rice per household to 30 households in 2 villages including Iawthymmae and Umsalait.
This takes about three months, four months or even three months.
The completion of these assignments at the last minute is a hasty and incomplete completion.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 03: The social border settlement agreement signed between Meghalaya and Assam has not only shocked the people of Malangkona area, but all the residents along the border with Assam and the all the political parties in the state.
“The reason for making foreigners feel like owners in Ichamati, Majai and Shella is because of the open issuance of NOCs by the village headmen in the area,” he added.
Guwahati: The Joint Platform of Assam Motor Workers' Union (JPAMWU) today announced that it will hold a 48 hour road blockade on 8th and 9th July 2019 in support of the Protest by various Indian organizations against the discriminatory treatment of the people involved in the automotive industry by the Government of India.
According to the Performance Grading Index (PGI) of the Department of School Education and Literacy (DoSEL), we find that our State ranks at the bottom not only among the North Eastern States. but in India as a whole.
The song also expresses their desire for change, to eradicate corruption, to renew their thinking and to strengthen their love for their country as indigenous people.
The case was appealed to the Supreme Court by JMK Coke Industry Pvt Ltd.
After consultation with the district authorities, officials from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, the company and the village authorities, the public hearing was moved to another room at the company's office.
As a longkmie, she also gave training on the involvement of people in money laundering, especially during the elections. She said that as one of the longkmie in the area, she has the spirit to work with the people. but with love and not with the power of money, she said.
Mylliem SC, in many cases, has tried to play from the ground ball. In many cases, Laitkor SC has tried to play from the ground ball.
Through a tip-off that some people were trying to smuggle drugs to Bangladesh through the forest, the BSF troops raided the groups to thwart the attempt of unknown persons.
It is also surprising to know that the residents of these two villages, used to hide their food and drink items during the dry season because during the rainy season they could not. They also said that the vehicles can only run for a few months, that is, only during the rainy season. the light of the sky.
Therefore, the Bill has been rejected by the House,” said the Speaker of the House, Thomas Sangma after the vote on the Bill.
Speaking at a public meeting held at the old Collectorate Grounds in Nizamabad during the Vijay Sankalpa Yatra of the BJP, he said, “The BJP has been the only party. which hath put the land into prosperity.
Why the Mynder has been able to come here, is not only because there is no law to curb this illegal entry of mynder, but also because there are many who invite and invite them to become employees. the helpers because of the low wages.
Ma Dhar said the state government has agreed to allow vehicles to pay various taxes, including driving licenses, until 30th November 2021, even if they have expired. , due to the coid 19 pandemic, but on this issue, Bah PT Sawkmie, said that the tax exemption, does not work at all, because there are taxi drivers from his constituency, who you have to pay taxes.
He said that both these wells have been affected by the collapse of the coal mining factory.
Regarding the expulsion of these 70 foreigners by the CORP, they said that the reason why the CORP members expelled these foreigners was They found that these 70 persons did not have proper documents.
The STGT examination was conducted by the Teachers Recruitment Board Tripura (TRBT), which has not been completed even after nine months.
The Chief Justice has given two days to respond to this and until then, the order of the Meghalaya High Court will be suspended.
The slaughterhouse will accommodate up to 160 larger animals such as cows per day, 240 pigs and 240 goats per day.
Then, when he arrived at Lum Dorbar Law Nongthroh, Tymmen U San under the leadership of Rgh Skor Jala, took the opportunity to go to the shat, the counting of the village and the judgment. to ask through the signs of the witnesses of the righteous witnesses of God of the wheat, the wheat, the lengbah, the lengsan, to inform the righteous and the righteous to receive righteously and peacefully the rise of the soul. year to Lum southwest.
Meghalaya will prepare for their next match against Mizoram on 19th June
Because the name Meghalaya itself destroys the identity of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
Shillong, March 14: The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM), Bah Louis Dohtdong, on Tuesday said that as the election of the Leaders to the Legislative Assembly of the State is near, the party will prepare for the elections. They also raised awareness among the public on the need to remove 35 out of 36 MLAs because they have not said anything for the benefit of the people.
There are parents who discipline their children without thinking or teaching them.
The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that according to the ratification of the Khasi Social Custom of Linage Act, it is from the mother, not the father.
Or in foreign languages ​​it is called financial literacy.
There were 144 children from different villages who registered.
New Delhi: In the Lok Sabha elections 2019, there are 80 candidates, who are collecting money online, from those who feel right, in order to ask for help, to contest the elections.
They were welcomed by the President of the NPP Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi at the party headquarters in Shillong.
Speaking briefly on this, Bah Ken Syiem said that his office has also called for them to come forward and it has been found that this dulir was wrong and therefore he has withdrawn the application. this is your name.
And if I honor not him that is least among me, how shall he be honored?
Why is the cry of farmers so often just a cry in the deserts? Many farmers who farm on other people's land or those who have their own small and not large farmland, live day and night only in sorrow and anxiety not only because of the high price. but because of the loss, the price of the fields was increased.
The cafe is located on a hill on the other side of the Umiam River.
A family in Galilee, which had an honorable son who knew how to honor the family, brought honor to the family.
Canada scored in the 40th minute of the first half through a mistake by Morocco's Nayef Aguerd.
The order will come into force from 1st May this year.
Many colleges and universities have to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Meghalaya and there are many discussions and suggestions on various topics.
“When asked, Bah Ardent said, “On this incident, it is the duty of the police to conduct an investigation to find out the cause of the attack.
The championship will be held at the State Central Library, Shillong tomorrow at 9 pm.
Shillong, July 05 : The Congress has strongly criticized the NPP-led MDA government for not taking action to introduce the scientific method of mining coal. They have been affected and live in poverty especially in East Jaintia Hills where there is a lot of coal.
Others who attended the function included Bah Harkin Warjri, Sordar of Thynroit, Bah Pynkmenlang Kharngi, Headmaster, church leaders, elders, teachers and school children among others.
Not only in the urban areas but also in the rural areas it is necessary to have a strong and efficient Dorbar Shnong.
Dr. Synrang Warjri, a renowned Cardiologist, explained in detail about blood pressure and how to avoid foods and drinks which are its enemies.
The order was issued after the office received a tip that heavy vehicles carrying more than 9 tonnes of stones were passing from Ichamati to Shillong via the PWD road in the morning. The vehicles in the middle of the road have caused a lot of traffic jam especially to the tourists who travel around Sohra.
Before winning the gold medal, Mainu defeated Anjuman Sharma of Delhi in the quarter final and Ritu of Haryana in the semi final.
From the starting day to the end of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, a total of 1636 participants including 815 men and 821 women took part in the dance.
In the final which was played as part of the 25th Anniversary of Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai Syllaikariah, no goals were scored in the morning and evening. North Liberty HSS won the trophy and OM Roy came second.
Speaking to media, Bah Donbok Dkhar President of HITO said that what the police have done is a crime without counting the female teachers and children who took part in this protest. Secretariat.
Check whether there is a shyieng or a shyieng that can cause death or bleeding.
So far, Kim Jong-un, Vladimir Putin, Steven Seagal, Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk and other billionaires are preparing a project to prevent aging. The longevity will come into force from 2050 and the treatment of old age will be by replacing old blood with new or drinking blood. customized medicines.
Ma Pyndap Passah, husband of Rani Dkhar, Shillong, passed away on 23rd June after undergoing treatment in Guwahati.
Speaking on the deterioration of the road, the village leaders said that it has caused problems to the residents of the area, as the area is one of the areas with many farmers. area, where farmers can produce a lot of fruits and vegetables.
Denying that there is a security struggle, Bah Mawrie said that they are united but he cannot block any personal views of anyone because they have the right to express their feelings.
In foreign lands and as slaves the Jews lived without religion, culture, dignity, honor, peace and rights.
However, Henry F Nongneng scored the first goal of the match with a header from a corner kick from Samuel K Vanlalpeka.
He said that he has received information from the KHADC officials about the proposal to hand over the land of the Khasi Hills to the owner of HM Cement. mih that day.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Speaking to media, Chamling said that at present, according to the Financial Bill, 2023, it has been defined that Sikkimese can be any citizen of the country. Indian citizens residing in Sikkim, and who enjoy the same benefits as the indigenous citizens of the state whose parents are included in the 1961 census.
In 1996, he was elected Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
To this day, there are still signs in Saitsohpen which have honored the mothers of the chiefs of the country.
The opening of the temporary Step Market was after the relocation of the Step Market which used to be held at CT Memorial Hat Nongpoh from Nongpoh.
“I have watched the film 10 times and it is beautiful,” said Dr Jemino.
The EVMs or Electronic Voting Machines are protected from damage and if there is any attempt to cheat the machine will go back to Factory Reset Mode, said Bah Kharkongor. safety features on all parts of the machine.
The Chief Minister together with the MDC of the constituency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who is also the Chief Executive Member, visited the Nichols Bible College in Sohryngkham.
She called him by name, but she did not get any answer and she only heard the sound of the mountains and the river in her voice.
These robbers are involved in extortion, robbery and other crimes, said the Police Chief.
Finally, Messi scored that first World Cup victory along with the medal he won on the final day of the tournament in Qatar in November after the team won the tie-breaker against France.
Government officials, as part of the efforts to curb the use of drugs, have sought ways and means to curb all forms of drug trafficking.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Indigenous People's Front (MIPF) Sengkmie has expressed its deep sorrow over the ban on the job of the indigenous people.
It is unfortunate that those on the government side ask questions to the opposition regarding the unemployment of the youth.
They shall not be allowed to sit or belong to the same party if they do not join another party which is not in power.
L Nongrang scored for Sohiong in the 54th minute, S Majaw in the 77th minute and R Nongrum in the 83rd minute.
Therefore, the Seng Samla Shnong Nongmensong requests the DC EKH to direct all government offices, public and private banks, schools, shops and others to follow the announcement of the State Government. from Nongmynsong, to Nongmensong, to avoid any mistakes to the residents and people who come and go to this place.
Our disrespect for nature is like our disrespect for our children in the future.
Security forces have been deployed in all the District Headquarters while in the City, surveillance has been conducted in all the cities.
He said the reply was on the views of the state government regarding the party election law in ADCs, district planning committees, MDC allocations, the transfer of ADCs, the working methods of the ADCs. ADCs, financial assistance and others.
Like the milk sellers who come to the house and the sellers of rymbai who go to sell everywhere.
The remains of President Raisi and others recovered from the helicopter crash site have been taken to Tabriz.
“The UDP meeting today decided to seek a reply within 24 hours starting from tonight from the two MDCs of the party, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Bah Teibor Pathaw on their decision to visit the party. The UDF has appointed Latiplang Kharkongor as CEM,” said UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
After being appointed as Nokma, Rimpu said that his goal is to fight against the discrimination against the indigenous people, which has not been done all the time.
Speaker AT Mondal, who presided over the session, said, “The House has accused you of violating the rights of the MLA of South Tura”.
It is time to expand its markets around the world – New York, Paris, Moscow, London, Melbourne, Sydney, and so on.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and MLA of Mairang, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mairang, has expressed his hope that Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah will win the election from Sohiong Constituency. Know that you are a candidate who has not been appointed.
The body was taken from the house to the Pynthorumkhrah Presbyterian Church, where the service was conducted by the Moderator of the Shillong Rilum Presbytery, T.Bn H.War.
Justice Singh was sworn in as Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya on 27th July, 2014 and has been appointed as Chief Justice (Acting) since he assumed office on 27th July,
The BJP Pynursla Mandal through a committee meeting today at the party office in Pynursla has unanimously decided to nominate a candidate for the MLA election 2018 from Pynursla Constituency, said the Secretary. Bah Trailang Chonglam.
The theme of the day was “The NEP 2020: From Vision to Reality,” with the view that the country as a whole and the North East as a whole is in the midst of a struggle on how to implement the New Education Policy. which includes topics such as vernacularity, multi disciplinarity, professional and vocational education, indigenous knowledge system and the principle of multiple entry and exit policy.
According to the report, the use of traditional costumes, dance, music and others by the Catholic Church in particular, started three or four years ago by the Seng Khihlang. This is the organization of children born in the 21st century because they don't know that the Easter celebration started in Pynursla more than 30 years ago. In the past, they used to wear Khasi clothes but they understood not to use them anymore because it was their longtrai right.
Have you met clause 27.1? No.
“What belongs to the state government, it is the duty of the Indian government to release and the people of the state pay various taxes,” he said.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, on Tuesday condemned the plan of the village leaders of Nongsier to dismiss an ASHA worker in the village. They said that this attempt by these village leaders is unacceptable and should be condemned by all.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court today ordered that the border clearance between Assam and Meghalaya should not be implemented in the coming days. .
The WAM has not yet announced the list of winners, and the union is still waiting for instructions regarding the allocation of funds for the coaching camp and also to attend the coaching camp. It was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs.
Wealth cannot be accumulated by killing or impoverishing others and wealth can only be accumulated on the basis of basic principles - humanity and humanity.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 10 cases, of which six are civilians, three soldiers and one policeman.
The festival will benefit many food producers from the area and people from all over the world will attend the festival.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The UDP candidate from Shillong North Constituency, Dr. Aman War on Saturday said that many of the allegations against him have already been clarified and now he relies on the wisdom of the people. constituency to consider and take a decision on the 27th which is the polling day.
We left the village and passed through Dummu and Khyndeliar villages and crossed the Myn-I River at Umpu and walked along the forest road to reach Mawhati.
On 2nd March 2019, all villages in the country reported that they have become ODF.Subsequently, SBM-G 2.0 was launched in 2020 to support ODF status in villages and to improve cleanliness in rural areas through waste management which upgrades villages to ODF Plus status.
At the same time, Bah Ardent said that the government should set up more drug treatment centers or De-addiction Centres, as the hospitals are private or private. They are too expensive and the poor cannot afford to send for treatment in such cases and need to be set up by the government.
The Hima Nongmynsaw is one of the oldest Khasi Himas which was recognized by the British Government through the Governor General Agent North East Frontier on 27.12.1873 but the British Government has not recognized it since. These years 1876-1877 were according to the Home Department Notification No. 1430, dated 14 September 1869 at the time of the establishment of the Kamrup-Khasi Hills Boundary.
He added that the reservation policy has been in place for the past 50 years and has benefited especially to the indigenous people who have been employed in many government departments through this scheme. exclusive.
The court has appointed TT Diengdoh and A Sinha as Amicus Curiae to assist the court in preparing for the hearing on 9th June, writing an affidavit and issuing an affidavit. order.
The robber also called other friends to kidnap the businessman and he will give them T.50,0
Who can understand that when their eyes are blinded?
Almost all the leaders of the All Assam Garo Union took part in the rally.
The NGT has banned coal mining in Meghalaya since June 2014 following a complaint filed by the All Dimasa Students Union Dima Hasao District Committee against the state on the grounds that coal mining pollutes water supply and farmland in the upper parts of the Kupli River.
However, for those who have been working for a few years, it will be a loss if they take this VRS as they have many years left.
She was accompanied by John F Kharshing to the Intensive Critical Care Unit (ICCU) in the presence of her son.
In the Mixed Skeet event, she also won another gold medal for Panjab University, Chandigarh; Parinaaz Dhaliwal and Prabh Pratap Chahal defeated Asees Chhina and Sukhbir Singh Harika 31-2
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 10: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) today said that it supports the strike of ASHAs in the state who have demanded their right to increase their salaries. and other demand issues.
“This child has left for Assam on the 21st and we have already informed the Assam authorities where he is under quarantine with his parents. All of them are negative and only your mother is positive.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Students Union, Sengkmie, has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of employment opportunities for the youth of Ri Bhoi, to work in various government departments in the district.
We have found a lot of fraud in which I don't want to name those schools and those schools know that too.
It is a fact that quarrying is the livelihood of many families and it will be a problem if it is stopped without opening up other activities.
He said that this is the first time that he has personally visited Langpih and seen the plight of the people from the land grabbing by the Assam government.
In another match, Mawlai played well from the start with Makrisha Songthiang (3′) scoring the first goal.
The incident happened at 9:52 pm while the vehicle was on its way to Umsning. Two occupants of the vehicle were injured. Fernando Thabah 23 years old.
“Regarding the schemes implemented by the party, they should ensure that they reach the people,” said the BJP. “The party would like to extend its special thanks to the Prime Minister of India. The meeting was conducted by Bah Ernest Mawrie in the presence of Chubao. State Prabhari and National Vice-President, Bah AL Hek, Member of the National Executive and party office bearers from different districts of the state presented their reports.
“They have their own understanding, they say that giving the father's race will be enough, giving the mother's race will destroy the nation. This is wrong because it depends on the family race. The family that brings about the destruction of the nation and only the mother's family will destroy it is not.
“The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh have raised the flag as a sign of the release of these vehicles to earn money when they carry tourists who want to go on holiday to around the tourist attractions.
Regarding the Congress Youth Office in Mylliem, he said that he will provide financial assistance to meet the needs and expects that this office will be of benefit not only to those from Mylliem Constituency but also to the neighboring constituencies.
This assistance will be provided through his MLA Scheme and he said that this will be specifically for the farmers whose fields have been damaged by the heavy rains in the past few days.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said the MDA government will continue to settle the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, has been the Leader of Jirang since 2018 and has brought many development works for the Jirang Constituency. In his speech, he said that he is working harder and harder for the delivery of development works in the Jirang Constituency as a whole, as it is still in the midst of many needs.
In a statement, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “We will take the step of shutting down the MCCL because we cannot run it anymore because we have to spend a lot of money. that we have already spent about T.300 crore in the last 15 years".
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, in a statement to Rupang, said that this is an illegally constructed smokestack.
Sutnga said the Central Government is ready to introduce the Uniform Civil Code when there will be a single law in India and the Citizenship Amendment Bill. country and nation.
Shillong is still slightly affected by the Forest Department's forests such as Laban Hill, Upper Shillong, but the heat can be severe and reach the ground.
The Deputy Commissioners of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong District today held an emergency meeting on Friday 28th July 2023 to resolve the issue.
There they met with 123 students from other parts of India.
Tura: Utpal Rabha, a CRP soldier from North Garo Hills, was buried at Torikkapara in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police and DIG of CRP. along with other government officials.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has found that there has been misuse of T.6 crore for the purchase of M-Tablets. for Class XII students through the Chief Minister's Student Digital Learning Aid Scheme
“Yes, how are you still sitting here?
So this scientist, being called by his beloved friend, came to release and came on the day of the feast with his followers.
The righteous are the ones who are righteous.
It is learned that these houses have been abandoned by their owners or have been burnt down in the past few days.
“This talk has not come to fruition yet,” said Kong Mira June.
Prestone said the government through MePDCL has sent a message to all those who have not yet paid the electricity bill to pay the bill as the department will follow up to ensure that all have paid. you can't board.
This work will soon be extended to the LEAs and in all seven states to register such information directly from the police stations.
According to the chief, there are about 600 basa in the Sohra market.
Mithing Shylla, one of the khiew makers, expressed his gratitude to all those who have provided assistance from the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society, Dakti Craft and the members of the District Skill Committee who have worked hard for the khiew makers to provide the training. Certificates and Start up Tools to be used in their daily activities.
Therefore, if only these children of the Khasi boys are included.
On the other hand, the CSWO demanded that the government should lodge a complaint with the Special Court against those people involved in the attack on the police.
B. Permanent “Not allowed” will be from the Hima Mylliem Office for all vehicles coming from Mawkhar, Mylliem Hima Office who intend to go to Wahingdoh.
In the first half, Moopala SC opened the scoring in the 6th minute through Phrangki Shadap, while Moosianglamare New opened the scoring in the 21st minute through Firsterjoy Pariat. and in the 38th minute, Nangjop Nongtdu scored the third goal.
The closing date for submission of entries is 7.12.22 at 2pm.
Dmikstar Lyngdoh said that the first Nongstoiñ market was at Mawkhlam and the second at Wahriat in the 1600s.
Not only that, on the 13th, up to 13 households were damaged in East Khasi Hills alone due to heavy rain.
She said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has approved to pay an additional T.1000 and to include the payment of T.2,000 Fixed Incentive from the State Government.
The union leader said that according to the questionnaire, it was not clear whether the land for the construction of the Block Office has been obtained or how much money has been allocated from the Block Office. for the sake of building it.
The Union of Waheh Chnongs, East Jaintia Hills District through a statement from the President Satly Ryngkhlem and Secretary Jesper Bareh wishes you a Happy Behdiel 2021 to the Seiñraij Jowai.
Both of them are friends of Bah Shabong since they were in the political parties and Bah Shabong as a journalist.
It is difficult to read and understand the miracles of Jesus Christ.
He said it is regrettable that the issues of the VPP have affected the youth and women just because of the word patriotism.
“Equipment for the police and forest guards will be prepared and brought soon for the control of mass gatherings.
He said the MCCL should find out the status of the government company which has brought in new machines which should have been operational from 15th June as promised by the government.
Shillong, Naitung 12: A Wagon R (ML.05E 762) driven by Kitborlang Khongjoh of Mawlai Nonglum Block I, collided with another vehicle at 10:40 am this morning. Sohra on its way to Shillong collided with another Maruti Car (ML 05E 9141) driven by Kumar Rai of Nongsder, Umiam who was coming from the opposite direction.
The MTTA through Bruce P Marak and Chiranjib Choudhury, Vice President and Secretary, sent its condolences to the Table Tennis Association of Tamil Nadu and also to the family of Vishwa, one of the players. a player who has started to grow up in life and is ready to shine for the state and the country.
On this occasion, it was reported that according to the footprints, the robbers climbed from the back of the high floor by breaking the doorknob and entering the rooms.
A group of students from the eastern states of Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Tripura, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland today held a protest in Guwahati to protest against the ban. The Central Government has strongly urged the Central Government to pass the Citizenship Bill (CAB) 2016 to grant citizenship to Hindus, Sikhs and other foreigners. ) Order 2015, Passport (Entry in to India) Notification 2015 and your visa.
In these years although I am a member of this committee but he has not given any explanation on this scheme until after I have received a complaint from the public and I will find out the truth through RTI. Some of the members have also signed falsely as shown in the RTI including my signature.
The Government has also been able to train up to 30,000 youths through the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship (MIE).
" (2 Kings 4:40) This verse tells the story of Elisha who was a prophet of the Kingdom of Israel and the ancient Jews.
These were the words of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma today at a press conference.
The Waheh Shnong Namdong B, Ma DS War said that the people have understood the importance of their health and without anyone forcing them to come voluntarily to get the COVID-19 vaccine as part of the prevention. COVID-19 pandemic.
For them, the money is worthless because once the government is formed, they can collect wealth, especially if they hold the posts of PWD (Government Roads, Bridges and Buildings Department), PHE, (Department of Water Supply) Home (Department of Home Affairs) Agriculture, Urban Affairs (Department of Urban and Town Development) etc. In our state, the victory of the national parties or organizations in India, including the National People's Party (NPP) led by Conrad Sangma, is one of them. the reason why the national parties cannot come together in one lympung.
Nongrum said the four or five ministers who did not dare to speak the truth should be punished because of the rules that the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma has already banned and violated.
Therefore, the farmer needs to think again and only through unity can the farmer be able to overcome the new challenge.
The entrance fee is Rs 100 for students and Rs 150 for non-students.
Other schools that qualified for the semifinals were HK Singh Memorial SS, RC Eve SS and Padu SS from the Under-14 Boys category.
The receipt of Challans from Mookyndur has also strongly suggested that the people of the Industrial Estate are involved in stealing the Challans to the timber traders.
He said that the fish traders and sellers in the state also want the Meghalaya government to conduct regular testing to bring peace to the fish consumers in the state.
Explaining briefly on the purchase of the ambulance, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew said that the purchase of the ambulance was due to the enthusiasm of the members of the party, who have about 10 members. 1,000 people, through their donation with the help of some volunteers, has been able to purchase another ambulance, so that it can serve the people who in Ri Bhoi East.
It was also informed that on that night, the venue will be equipped with various equipment including an LED giant screen and adequate sound system.
Pradyot Deb Burman, founder and editor of the magazine, said that the area has never experienced such popular songs and therefore, he wrote by email. He himself went to America and now they are in Shillong, for the 6th Anniversary of the magazine tomorrow.
He urged the Government to implement measures to eliminate air rifles to eliminate the killing of birds.
The fire was extinguished after 40 hours of fighting between the Fire Brigade and the Army.
Eddy Dhar opened the scoring in the 44th minute for Lawsohtun SC to take a 1-0 lead.
The government's law prohibits the burning and sale of rnga, according to the Meghalaya Charcoal Rules,
As a state where football is the number one sports, the Shillong Premier League has been one of the most popular sports in the country. The tournament, which not only attracted the attention of the spectators, but also pleased the spirit of the players of all the eight clubs.
give plenty of room to work to touch.
Our Khasi women are also intelligent, brave and hardworking.
His Word will work and continue to work. It will not turn empty but will fulfill what God has spoken.
Speaking to reporters, HYC General Secretary Bah Roykupar Synrem asked the Government, “What has the Government done in the past four years?
In another report, a pick up truck, carrying cattle, was burnt down at Mawsiatkhnam.
Director, Bah Oral Mawthoh DSO East Khasi Hills along with the children who will take part in this big tournament.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Resident and Safety Act 2016 and the Rules introduced by the government are unfounded. “We don't accept the statement of the Prime Minister that this bill is against the ILP,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin General Secretary of the HYC.
Shillong: The Union Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), BL Verma, said this after the resignation of Kenneth Shadap from the post of President, CEC of FASToM. Speaking at the Conclave on Investment Potential and Future Energy Needs of the North East held in Shillong on Thursday, he said that the Central Government has made efforts to exploit the opportunities available in the North East. .
Sailung Ialong beat Mulang Ialong 3-1
Along with Wah Umkhrah, Kong Sil also spoke about the Iewduh, the holy market which is also a place where people from all over the country gather to trade and also to discuss and exchange ideas with golden words. silver words for the good of the country and society.
I thought to myself that this might be a blessing in disguise to energize the workers of the work of the Lord Jesus.
According to the voice of the residents of the border area, the leaders of the civil society and including the elders, they have expressed their strong opposition to the signing of the MOU. They also decided to demand that the state government should cancel the MOU between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya. They said that the Union Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, has said that many parts of Meghalaya have gone to Assam and if the MOU is not cancelled, They will continue their protest and will not join hands and will not give even 10 inches of land to Assam.
This place has become beautiful not only because of the construction of this bridge, but also because of the cleanliness and freshness of the water in the river.
“The sudden death in Wah Umiew has caused the residents of Smit and the entire Smit area to panic.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Tispolin Lyngdoh Marshilong, who is the sister and mother of the deceased, said that this morning, the deceased child suffered from a sudden illness. immediately, they looked for a vehicle to take the sick man to Shillong; However, due to the poor condition of the road, vehicles cannot reach the village.
Assam Forest Department officials on 30th January said that one security guard of the Assam Forest Department has lost his life and three others have sustained injuries after an attack by a gang that was often involved in timber smuggling activities.
The day of the moon is mentioned first, and when taken closer to human society, we can take the words earth, stone, shyiap, mountain, field, field, lyngkha, u tree, leaf, fruit, flower, root and so on.
Before the march, ASHA workers under the umbrella of the Meghalaya ASHA Worker Union (MAWU) gathered opposite the Pine Wood Hotel and marched from behind the Governor's Residence to Lachumiere. Field Curse.
At the same time, he reminded that why should there be no games? It is because to have a spirit of participation, not only to win or give up if you lose but especially to have a spirit of participation.
The party has not stopped the construction of the Karbi House in Laban, because it is not a selfish community and to meet the needs of other ethnic groups, he said.
The victim was found by Angelus Talang, a relative of Veronica.
At present there is a Jynkieng Jri near Mawkyrnot, there is also a Law Adong of our own which we have named the Law Adong of the Three Women and we are also involved with the Raid Mawja.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has reached 20 kilometers from Borsora to erect a signboard on the Bangladesh border in East Jaintia Hills.
The MLA said that the State Government will fight as hard as possible not to take any hasty decision on the boundary demarcation in the first instance so that Meghalaya can get back these three villages.
Special immunization campaign is an opportunity to protect the children from 0-5 years against life threatening diseases through vaccines which are available and provided free of cost to all the children at all public health facilities under the Universal Immunization Programme.
The Seng urges the people of Hynniewtrep from government employees, the people and the youth to join hands in this struggle until it reaches the goal and especially the Khasi MLAs to respect the voice of the owners. Shillong, March 30: MR Lywait, Zonal Officer, Weaving, Khasi Jaintia Hills District, has lodged a complaint with the Shella Police Station on the 29th of this month. At 8:30 pm, unidentified robbers broke into the office of the Suhjain Department at Saikarap, Shella, East Khasi Hills and stole all the clothes in the office. the stolen clothes were worth Rs 15,000.
“Gujaratis, Rajasthans, Biharis, Jharkhanis, Bengalis, Gorkhas, Bodos, Dimasas, Karbis, Garos and others have been accused of being foreigners, which is like ethnic discrimination”.
In a statement, SWS President Hambertus Nongtdu said that the National Highway-6 from Soomer to Malidor has been damaged.
However, those involved in the incident have not been identified.
It may be recalled that the KSU West Khasi Hills has found that there are no interviews in two departments, namely (SE) PHE and DMHO. The DMHO department has received a reply that the planting of jam has been done by the authorities of the department in Shillong.
Winners of this tournament:
These robbers are very common in every constituency who are the advocates of the MLA or their candidate, because they have received medicine for five years with the MLA. to the people, who are partial, who destroy the community and the nation.
After Modi became Prime Minister, the main part of the NEC continued and through the NEC, 11,000 km of roads have been cleared and 7,700 MW of electricity has been supplied.
Yogesh Nagar earlier scored 91 runs and now 53 runs before tied for
The first phase will be held on 27th October 2021, the second phase will be held on 1st June and the final phase will be held on 6th June
The first hearing was held in November last year and the second hearing on 6 June last year.
Therefore, whatever permits have been received from 2018 to 2020, have passed through the hands of Conrad Sangma.
The unity of groups of organizations brings about joint development and joint support for the challenges of all.
The same people were involved in the bye elections in Mawryngkneng and Mawphlang in those years.
From his residence, the Hijira or transgender man was taken to a hotel in Guwahati and detained for four days.
“We request the health department to take action so that the women who come from the containment zones can get the necessary treatment as soon as possible, and to provide more beds so that such incidents will not happen again,” he said. " said Mrs. Ampareen.
Besides Aaryan Khan, those arrested include Munmun Dhamecha, Nupur Sarika, Ismeet Singh, Mohak Jaswal, Vikrant Chopra, Gomit Chopra and Arbaaz Merchant.
He said that every year thousands of people have lost their lives due to accidents and the reason for this is due to improper driving and speeding and disrespect for the law. the rights of others.
Shillong: A different incident has happened at Raid Marwet, Mylliem Hima, Ribhoi District, on the border with Assam.
They were identified as Amit Mog, 29, of North Tripura, Rajesh Kumar Keang, 33, of West Tripura, Babu Mog, 38, of North Tripura and Sanjit Debarma, and West Tripura.
In the Table Tennis team event, the Meghalaya men's and women's team won the bronze medal.
The DC said that before doing this, the teachers of the district have been given 15 days to register their names in the App and it is expected that by 1st November all the teachers will have their names in the App. this is the 'App'
The giving of race to the mother has made our race unique on this earth.
Regarding these roads which are very important for the people and which the government itself, has already announced that the tender will be called, after that the construction will start soon, but this announcement is not true. for now nothing is known or heard.
Earlier, BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie, Sanbor Shullai and village leaders visited the village. They also went to the Forest House of Assam.
The policy is to allocate employment for the disabled to 4 percent from 3 percent and others.
For more information please call the following numbers or Whatsapp.
In a complaint to the DGP, Kharshiing said that two persons including Geeta Thapa and Madan Thapa had taken money from eight persons for the purpose of getting jobs in the department.
Another scheme allocated 5 lakh tyngka from his own scheme at Sohplom will be opened later as some parts remain to be completed.
Shillong, June 07: A volunteer Tennydard M Marak has lodged an FIR against Williamnagar MLA Marcuise N Marak for allegedly violating the Model Code of Conduct during the election. .
The earthquake has affected Assam, Meghalaya and other parts of the country.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Upper Shillong Circle as part of its efforts to strengthen the work of the organization to provide better services in the area. The FKJGP Baniun Unit has been closed down yesterday.
During the meeting, Dy.CM Sniawbhalang Dhar promised to take necessary action and said that in relation to the border issues, the government has already sent a letter to the Assam government. to re-transfer those Pnar villages in block 1 and also to wait for a reply from Assam.
“It is a misguided leadership,” said Dr Mukul, who added that if their children fight for the job they should no longer be interviewers.
“As a housing scheme for the poor, the state government has not taken action to ensure that the beneficiaries will be only those who are entitled.
In the first match between Lawei SC and Nongkrem SC, Nongkrem SC opened the scoring through Deiphibamon Warbah in the 1st minute. minutes remaining.
The Leader of the Opposition in the Karnataka Legislative Assembly has strongly criticized Kateel for eating a piece of beef before entering the temple.
Furthermore, Bah Ronnie hoped that the people will still trust the Congress party because it is the only party that does not discriminate against all religions and ethnic groups.
“This is a big mistake by the state government, which has accepted the documents,” he said.
He said that the people have to spend about T.1.20 lakh tyngka to get the permit. He said that 44 species of them have been tested. stone, to test the soil in the places where they plan to build houses, and until they get that permission they have to spend lakhs of rupees,” said Bah Sanbor. Sanbor Shullai u Bah Sanbor Shullai said that if MUDA continues to build two rooms, he will lose 10 rooms. He said that the issue has reached the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court has said that the Municipal's intention is only to look after the cleanliness. It has suspected not to interfere with other areas and has stood firm in the law which states that MUDA cannot interfere with the land under the District Council without the approval of the Council.
He said that through this meeting today in Umsning, many issues were discussed related to the problems of contractors and suppliers and the most important issue is the demand from the state government that when producing Contractors and Suppliers from Ri Bhoi should be allowed to apply for any jobs in order to solve the problems of Contractors and Suppliers from Ri Bhoi who are facing unemployment. .
I would like to urge our elected leaders to think twice before implementing the Digital India Land Record Modernization Program to tax our land as it is in Dkhar. that the land belongs to the government.
Earlier, members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) had turned to Sohra Police Station to demand an explanation regarding the arrest of two of its members in connection with the recent murder of Sohra Police Station. Ichamati, Shella Block, East Khasi Hills.
I have been in the party for decades now, so if you believe in the propaganda of those people who come to the party for their own benefit, you are very wrong,” he said. .
The members expressed their support for the Government's efforts to restore peace and stability in the state.
Of the regular candidates, 78.68% of the boys passed while 79.38% of the girls passed.
The High Court on Friday approved the report submitted by the state government to the High Court to resolve the traffic jam in Shillong by introducing school buses. to pick up and drop off school children instead of using private vehicles.
The meeting also proposed and urged the state government to declare a State Mourning for two days, on the 24th and 25th November as a sign of condolences to the deceased. die.
“It is necessary for the government to act as soon as possible even if we are not ready, because if it is too late, we will not be able to convene a public meeting of the jaitbynriew on this issue,” said Bah Shylla.
Bah Hek and the MLA of Mowkaiaw during the inspection of these CHCs and PHCs met with the village leaders to discuss and ask for their cooperation in the fight against this disease.
O stars of the sky, And you stars of many colours, Where shall I find a stone of rest, A heart that is broken?
The incident happened at Mawlai Mawdatbaki on Monday evening.
This shows the skills of our troops in this work as we have already planned.
He said that as an MLA he doesn't have time to look after those who support or those who don't support but as he has become an MLA he has to look after all the needs and not the desires. The state has turned 50 years old but still lacks in health, education and especially many unemployed youth.
According to the children, the tournament will start on May 15 and 16,
Jowai, Nailar 17 : The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will soon hold the Open to All Veteran Football Tournament-2022 to mark the 50th Anniversary of the Association.
The inflation rate rose to 8.38 percent in June from 7.68 percent in October.
Throughout the day, these MLAs in the opposition, also held a meeting at Maikhuli and through this meeting, the people from the villages of the area, were able to inform them about many issues. They have suffered while living on the border and especially on the inclusion of many areas into Assam, in this new demarcation which has also caused the people of the area to protest.
In table tennis, the men's teams of St. Anthony's College, North-East Adventist College, St. Edmund's College and Shillong College reached the semi finals.
Shillong: The 2nd Meghalaya Baby League 2019 started on Saturday at the Third Ground Polo Ground.
Suzie Oneal Basan, 41, from the Meghalaya Bodybuilding Association, which has joined the National Amateur Bodybuilding Association, has also led the tournament.
The union leader said that the main reason is the lack of attention of the Meghalaya government to the people of the area which has been neglected for more than 50 years.
On the other hand, Bah Sniawbhalang said that nowadays sports especially football is no longer just for sports or to promote one's own team but it is a source of income for the youth.
Lebanon and Maldives won their first SAFF Championship on Friday.
The High Court said that many shops (Metal Containers) have been installed in the past 10 years, but until now, they have not been closed.
Therefore it is very important that all people turn to God and pray earnestly for the peace of Jerusalem.
Witnesses said the ship, which was patrolling the Sinai coast, attacked ISIS militants in the nearby area.
Shillong, July 25: It has been seen that it is easy for penny companies especially foreign companies to promote their name and market their products here in Shillong, which they don't need. to find the right ways and means how to advertise their advertisements, but only the NOC from the Municipal Department is enough for them to advertise publicly across the state by putting up pictures and posters in manla. the city of Shillong.
Our fight against drugs will continue.
The Director of State School Education and Literacy, Swapnil Tembe, IAS has authorized all the Deputy Commissioners to change the school hours or not to Temporarily close schools in those areas that have been severely affected if necessary.
This is the fourth time that Pastors and Government Officers have fought in Mairang, after the first meeting in Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat and Umroi.
Therefore, the union strongly warns against these groups, that if they continue to commit such fraudulent activities, the union will take strong measures to curb the fraud of students. KSU Bangalore Unit President Rymphang Nongsiej, President of KSU Bangalore Unit, said in a statement.
The President of the Federation of Khasi States, Paiem KM Syiem said that they will stand up to fight for the liberation and salvation of thousands of children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
There were about four Raijs who performed and thanked the Kopati Puja of the Raij Raij, from the Raij Raij, the Raij Khonshnong, the Raij Niawkmai, the Raij Ionglang and the Raij Lapnei.
On the other hand, KJ Alphones said that the CM has struggled to create the conditions for the development of Meghalaya and the CM led by Narendra Modi, The government has also allocated billions of rupees to the state, but it is sad to see that the allocation of funds by the central government does not reach the people who should have received it.
Village headmen in this age must be farsighted and think not only of themselves but of the people under their jurisdiction.
“In the long journey of the Union we have encountered many obstacles of various kinds, we remember the beloved people of Bri u Hynniewtrep behind us, who have supported and trusted us and RL Blah General Secretary, Union of Village Authorities.
The General Secretary of the party, Bah Damonmi S Dkhar, has strongly condemned the unfounded arrest of the party today on the occasion of the five years anniversary of the party.
Ahmedabad, June 10: It has now been confirmed that Narendra Modi had a wife and this is said to be an incident that happened 50 years ago.
How can this Bill make the authorities citizens? Mynder are mynder and cannot be transformed into traishnong.
There are those who believe that the seed that comes from the ground is better.
Earlier, KHNAM had said that it would not go to talks with the government on the ILP but it took this decision to go after receiving an invitation from the government.
The KSU leaders in Ri Bhoi, have informed all the students and if they encounter any inconvenience on the road at the time and intend to register for classes, they should inform the KSU leaders, Please call 9856549333/8638771593/9
With these 14 deaths, the total number of deaths from COVID-19 has risen to
“I'm sorry that I wasn't invited, but don't worry, I'm the famous five because I'm not here or there, I'm sorry that I wasn't invited. “I don't know if they have joined the MDA government, but they haven't invited us, maybe they don't remember that we are MDAs and I can't say that there is a reluctance from the BJP to the Congress,” she said.
Ernest said the party will support the issue raised by Hek on the demand for 40% of the Reservation Policy for the low income.
Meanwhile, Rida started to clean and cook.
Therefore, as an organization that has the responsibility to protect the border, we cannot sit idly by, when we see that there are those who want to cross the border and steal the land of the Bri u Hynniewtrep. .
The Government of India, from 1999-2000 under the Technology Mission on Oilseeds and Pulses (TMOP) scheme, has launched the Oil Palm Development Program (OPDP) with the aim of promoting oil palm cultivation in the country. Country.
Especially there are many tricks to do just to get a trading license and one of the quickest tricks that is used most often is to steal money from the bottom to the top.
You too are God's precious creatures.
The NHIDCL is one of the most important projects in the State and NHIDCL is currently in the process of inviting tenders. .
Meghalaya has won and it can be said that even if there is still one person left to receive the report.
Shillong, July 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today blessed the 9th Annual Youth Convention of the Catholic Youth Convention organized by the Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM), Nongstoin Diocese at Sacred Heart Parish. , Shahlangha West Khasi Hills.
I am shocked and saddened that Bah PT Sawkmie, a veteran politician, has lost the MLA election last year, which is almost every month in the newspapers. Khasi has shown its good deeds for the Mawlai Constituency.
Due to the increase in the number of cases of conjunctivitis in the district, the Medical and Health Officer (DMHO) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, Dr. A Lyngdoh has issued a directive to prevent and control the spread of this infectious disease.
“In these days, we have been surprised to see the symbol of the VPP until we have seen the image of Bah Ardent in the surprise of the symbol because in the surprise we don't know what symbol we will get. “It's a party and now that we have Prah, we will sleep peacefully at night,” said the mother from Mawmuthoh.
Under the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme, two major road projects have been approved, namely the improvement and widening of the Agia-Medhipara-Phulbari-Tura road and the construction of the road from Shillong to Umroi Airport.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the construction of the Reid Chest Hospital will be at Umsawli.
The Minister said that despite the increase in taxes and prices of petrol and diesel, Meghalaya has the highest price of petrol in the country.
He said that there is a deficit of schools for nearly 60 years and they have secondary schools from English Medium to class 10 and the village is expecting to open another class 10+2
According to Bah Synrem, he has retired from his post since 31st October this year but on the same day, the MTDC through the MD has issued an appointment letter to re-appoint him. person (contract) for 6 months.
He urged his fellow MLAs or Ministers when they come to see him to support this demand to renew the employment quota.
He said that in public administration, people need to work with the people in the lower levels of administration.
If all my people pray and repent, Then I will hear from heaven, and will heal my land.
The class XI Arts stream was inaugurated by Sohra MLA Titosstar Well Chyne in the presence of the school principal, Principal Leena Laloo, students and others.
On the opening day of the Monolith Festival, the Governor led the journalists to the restaurant, but what surprised the journalists on that day was that the traditional festival was held in They announced that there will be only traditional foods. They were taken to the shops in front of them and signs were placed showing whether they wanted to eat Shaw (Chow), Momo or Fried Ried. .
The State will have to allocate Rs 29 crore per month for the salaries of SSA teachers. appointment in various departments, dismissal of all retired Government employees who are still working as contractual employees, abolition of unemployed commissions, immediate dismissal of Chief/Political Advisors of the Government and to restrict the movement of Ministers and Government officers within or outside the country in order to reduce wasteful expenditure and waste of public funds.
These compounds are responsible for the bitter taste.
Therefore, the DM has warned against the people and residents of the village not to leave their homes and if found guilty, they will be punished. shall be punished according to the rules of the law.
However, the MDA Government in Meghalaya, once the order was issued by Delhi, immediately accepted it without thinking of the good or the harm to our students.
Congress MDC from Jowai Central Constituency Bah AA Shullai has filed a petition in the High Court of Meghalaya to challenge the election of the Chairman of the JHADC as it is against the AD rule of the JHADC. During the hearing of the case on Tuesday, officials of the State Government and JHADC asked the Court for time to explain the allegations of Bah Shullai.
Thomas said that as it turns out, these foreigners who set up factories in Jaintia Hills have received subsidies from the MIDC and they have appointed those Local Directors and their job is to do the job. They are ready to stand up if any political parties or groups oppose their activities.
Abhilash Banarwal said that the villages on the border affected by the landslide include Shymplong, Lejri, Lahaleiñ, Huroi. Gram Sevak of the area He said that the villages in these areas are still sufficiently supplied with food.
Jerusalem is the city of the great King.
Speaking to media, Bah Edmund said that he chose to contest from this party because he sees that it has a clear goal and a clear vision for the development of the youth of the state. and to all the inhabitants of the city.
“We have tried to meet the authorities to request them to open this sub center but the department has replied that we don't have the money yet. “It is ready to expand this area and donate more land if the work goes smoothly,” said Samla Mawsor. The government should open the area as soon as possible so that it will not become a crime scene.
Today, the rainfall in Sohra from 8.30 am to 4.30 pm was 147.8mm, while in Shillong it was 35.2mm and in Umiam it was 30.6mm.
Shillong, November 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Nongkseh Indoor Stadium in the presence of the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Shakliar Warjri, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chief Adviser to the Prime Minister, Bah Hamlet Dohling, officers, village leaders, leaders of Nongkseh Sports Club and others.
In Goa itself, the majority of the population is Catholics and Hindus and a small number of Muslims.
Bah Active Pator, who is also the leader of the RBYF, said that as the leader of the RBYF, the RBYF urges the government to increase the security measures at the Screening Center. 13Mer, because from what I have found now, it means that there are still people who can pass without being checked for health at the place in 13Mer, he added.
God said again – “Don't come near here, take off your sandals from your feet, for the place where you are standing is holy ground... God said – “I am, I am the God of your fathers. I am the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.
In Maharashtra, the BJP will not win as many MP seats as it did in
Nongpoh, July 3: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) will hold a prize giving ceremony for the students and those who have not achieved the goal of passing well. Matriculation students who have passed the SSLC examination have not yet passed.
“The response so far is personal, no issues have been revealed and the personal response is politics,” he said.
In the friendly football match between the Police Officers of Ri Bhoi against the journalists of Ri Bhoi, the theme was, 'Exercise is King, Nutrition is Queen' the Kingdom'.
We have the intention to upgrade more blocks to sub divisions, so that it can benefit the people”.
Speaking at the rally, teachers of various schools, Bah RS Khardewsaw of the Lower Primary School Adhoc Teachers Association (LPSATA) strongly condemned the government's actions. .
The CEM of KHADC said that the state government has sought clarification on the Bill after it has been opposed by many including the KHADC. He said that they have written to the state government for two months regarding this request but the government has not responded yet.
He said that this is the season of Advent to commemorate the incarnation of Jesus, the Son of God into this world to save mankind, so it is the duty of everyone. one to prepare ourselves and to celebrate this coming of God into this world and to receive it with joy, not with a temporary joy at Christmas, but with a lifelong joy like Him. God, their Lord and Saviour.
Noting that ASHAs are not under the jurisdiction of the Government, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “ASHAs are part of the Village Health Councils (VHCs).
In fact, an attempt was made to contact the Director, Kong RM Kurbah but she ordered to contact the Asst Director as he could not provide more details on the salaries of the employees of the Housing Board who have lost their lives. salary for almost two years now.
The sudden arrival of Assam officials has shocked and shocked the people of these border areas.
Samlin said this at a meeting of the NPP to seek support for the NPP candidate Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh held in Sohiong on Saturday in the presence of NPP leaders and supporters. .
Lymba said that the government's neglect of this road is like a slap in the budlum of the North East.
The inquiry into the shooting death of former HNLC Secretary I (L) Chesterfield Thangkhiew in Mawlai will also be completed by the government's scientific methods.
Other recipients of the honorary medal include artist and activist Judith Francisca Baca, philanthropist Fred Eychaner, Puerto Rican musician José Feliciano, Puerto Rican painter Antonio Martorell-Car Dona and filmmaker Joan Shigekawa.
We don't want to lose the peace just because of our grief...” He also urged the HNLC not to withdraw from the peace talks table by saying that any decision they take is a decision. affects the income and livelihood of the people and many others related to the state.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat in a statement today said that in accordance with the order of Section 144 CrPC, dated 16th June, The National Green Tribunal, on 17th June 2016, has banned the mining of coal in all parts of the district or the transportation outside the district as well as the transportation of coal from crematoria to coal mines and the placement of coal on the road. National Highway-44 and other PWD roads have been closed.
The birthday of the players will be from 1st January
The election was held at Dinam Hall, Shillong.
If this happens, all the Bills of the ADCs and the state government will end up in the Governor's House.
Fifteen others were rescued by the villagers who witnessed the incident with the assistance of the police.
Therefore, to avoid all these, the 50:50 formula should be revised.
After the robbery, the robbers involved fled the scene, leading to chaos and clashes, police added.
Coaching Centers in West and East Jaintia Hills District for the purpose of providing opportunities for our youth to be trained to compete in such positions.
Sabitri Sunar, 58, of Risa Colony, DMR Quarters, East Khasi Hills, Benjamin S. Sangma, 53, of Chibok Apal Jengjal, West Garo Hills, and Ialambha Mawniuh, 58, of Lyniong, Thainthynroh. , East Khasi Hills.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, said that several houses were damaged in the earthquake and those who were inside the houses were ordered to leave their homes as a sign of warning. beware of the dangers.
During the meeting, he said that the transformer is no longer working and has been replaced by another one.
Once the submarine cable arrives, the cost of internet access will increase.
The KSU congratulated the doctors, nurses and the health department and the district administration of East and West who are trying their best to help the people affected by the disease.
The Director General of Police, R. Chandranathan, said that he is pleased that the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities are ready to discuss and cooperate with the police for the promotion of peace and order. within the villages.
The match was played between the West Jaintia Police and the referees of the West Jaintia District Sports Association at Kiang Stadium on Friday.
“Why did they keep him (Ainam Manik Syiem) for three years? This shows that there is a corruption within the KHADC. The KHADC has made the Hima Mylliem only a place of income.
At the same time, it is increasingly difficult to find people with disabilities to drive commercial vehicles or work at petrol pumps.
Shillong, July 15 : The Catholic Church of Pynter, Parish Nongshyrngan, on Friday, 14th, 2013, celebrated the 75th birth anniversary of the High Priest of Nongshyrngan. Rev Father Norbert Nodren Nongrum.
It was in the 27th minute that the team took the lead through Phrangki Buam's goal, which remained firm until the end of the first half.
Fourthly, while education is progressing, it requires proper management, cooperation, and cooperation between the Central Government and the States.
Earlier, the residents had also burnt down the house of Saman Lal Fernando, Mayor of Moratuwa and many other MPs' houses. sun.
I answered all the questions.
Mawlai Block is one of the blocks announced by the Prime Minister to be created by separating from Mylliem and this he said in the Budget Session this year.
The office bearers include Dayoowanphi Iakai – President, Kitboklang Shadap – Vice President, Army Mulad – Vice President, Dapherborn N Suchiang – General Secretary, Hunbeitki Dkhar – Assistant General Secretary, Sina Sumer – Assistant General Secretary, Manda Bareh – Finance Secretary, Banaras Dhar – Assistant Finance Secretary, Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat - Adviser and office bearers of the Units will be the Executive Members of the CEC. 1996 to confirm the muster rolls who have worked for more than 50 years to be classified as RCW or highly skilled.
Jowai: The KSU Laskeiñ Circle has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to oppose the proposal of the Meghalaya government to build a police station at Tumtum.
A total of 141 cases have been confirmed in Tripura today.
“Out of concern for the health of the people, the union urges the people to refrain from eating these fish from the Lukha River, otherwise it will affect the health of the people. Now, women and children have gone down to the Lukha River and started fishing,” he added.
Meghalaya Police have won the knockout football tournament against Mawkhar Mylliem SC in the first leg of the Knockout Football Tournament held by Ri Khasi SCSC at Kurkalang Stadium, Bhoirymbong. Aldrin Ramsiej (25'), Pynshailang L Lyngkhoi (28'), Everywell Khongjee (33'), Teiborlang Siangshai (60'), Ramos Ingti (68') and to Chesterfield Nongdhar (72′).
Egenstar said the opposition of the Congress leaders in Meghalaya to Modi's decision shows to the world that they are money laundering, while if there are issues of the nation especially the issue of the indigenous people. These Congress leaders stay at home and don't come out to protest.
The union invites all clubs to come and take part in this tournament which will start next month (Naitung 2023).
The people at that time were eager to read about the events of the struggle for the Hill State in the newspaper U Nongsain Hima and in the Pyrta U Riewlum.
The members of the Committee will also have to visit those seven places to inspect and consult with the residents.
This is also the 20th time that Kong Kmoiñ Wahlang has taken part in the competitions in her own state and in India as a whole.
To escape from the hands of slavery in our own country, it is our duty to start our own rympei so that the foreigners or the majority will not overwhelm us. I would like to express my gratitude to the Durbar Shnong Sarin for promulgating the Constitution of the Village Council which does not allow Khyllah Jait to participate in Khasi Durbar. The Khasi National Durbar in this way also protects women from marrying non-tribals.
Bankerlang Marbaniang, Finance Secretary and Dimos June Syiemlieh, Vice President, UDP Mawlai Circle.
In recent days, the government has met with Assam to discuss this issue, and he promised that he will sit down to discuss the new building with the Chief Minister of Assam.
Before the MP result 2019, the UDP members had already accused the MLA of Sohra of not supporting the UDP candidate and that he was defeated from Sohra. And if it happens in this way, the NPP should think more carefully, that even if they support from the bottom of their hearts, they will be accused after the elections, that it is a rapjot.
“The contractor should have completed at least 70 percent of the work now but when we went to see, even 10 percent of the work has not been completed.
Please set aside one hour to pray together in your homes in the evening for this purpose.
Ladthadlaboh have 9 points from 4 games while Nangbah Mulang have 7 points.
Shillong: Two bodies of Seibor Jaktung, Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat and June Khongjirem, were recovered from Rngain after the vehicle they were traveling in collided with another vehicle. drowned in the night, from a landslide, heavy Wednesday night.
Lamin XI won the title and received a cash prize of 60,000 tyngka along with a trophy, while the runner up team 'Club always be ready' received a trophy. A cash prize of Rs 40,000 along with a trophy.
The opening ceremony of the Monolith Festival was inaugurated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong as the chief guest. , Lyngdohs, MLAs, MDCs, invitees and other dignitaries who attended the ceremony.
The Secretary KHADC informed that the Executive Committee has been appointed under Section 5 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act, 1959 by its order dated 16th November Sotish Youroin has been re-appointed as Wahadadar of the Shella Confederacy to hold office in accordance with the provisions of the Sanad dated 17th November
Therefore, the main reason why God allows Satan to work on earth is that the world does not deserve only peace, but man has to face many difficulties through which he can turn. to God.
Shillong: The state has started witnessing a decrease in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the past few days after the second outbreak of the disease.
Police have been directed to regulate the traffic during the operation so that there will be no incident.
How much more in the life and death of the country, in the income and in the trade, we must be thoughtful and not just follow others without understanding what is missing.
They also warned those people who bring in foreign workers, saying that if they want to employ any job in foreign countries, they should take responsibility in providing the necessary documents. sla, because if the party itself finds out, it will not be responsible, but it will be thrown away.
The crowd, who left tomorrow, was thoroughly searched before entering the Polo Stadium.
According to the Gospels, there are only about forty miracles associated with the life and ministry of Jesus Christ.
Shillong: Doctors at NEIGRIHMS, Kolkata, have strongly condemned the assault on Dr P Mukherjee, a doctor at NRSMCH, Kolkata.
Seven patients, five of whom were infected with covid-19, died at Neelkanth Hospital in Amritsar, Punjab on Saturday due to lack of oxygen.
In response to a question by Rajya Sabha Member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Sushil Kumar Modi, Children's Minister Subhas Sarkar gave a statement. statistics regarding the number of students who have dropped out of their studies at the higher levels where it is clearly stated that most of these students who have dropped out of studies Postgraduate and PhD Programmes.
Regarding the pollution, the minister said the government has prohibited the dumping of garbage or pollution on the roads.
“In Assam, the Special Branch of the SP's office has sent letters to all the Superintendents of Police in the districts to request information on the presence of churches and conversions in the area.
The 5-year-old child is from Mawlai Kynton Massar.
Shillong, March 07: The flyover at Lad Umroi in Ri-Bhoi district has become one of the most popular places for pedestrians, especially those who don't usually travel outside the state to see such a road crossing.
A little about Transit Homes : These shelters are located near PHCs and CHChas where only the most vulnerable poor women can stay so that it is easier to take them to any health centre. you have not been able to do so.
These women are an inspiration to their fellow women in the state because of their hard work and determination.
The first goal was scored by Iawmulong Nartiang in the 39th minute through Dawyoo Shadap.
“Some of the companies have promised to pay in small amounts, and the corporation is also fighting on this issue in the NCLT to get its own money through a joint agreement. The corporation will also have to take legal action against those who have used the electricity but have not paid to get their money back”.
He said that the Government has tried to develop Meghalaya by creating up to 10 lakh jobs in the tourism sector in collaboration with various groups.
The accident happened at about 6 AM when a Maruti Swift (ML04 D 0577) collided with a tree near the road due to the heavy rain.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has already announced that JHDS has been selected as the Mother NGO to work with the Government in the fight against this disease.
The incident happened at 7 pm this morning, when the KSU member and his friend Richard Maring, who was driving the vehicle, were driving the vehicle. They were planning to return to Nongpoh, but when they reached that place, they encountered this tragic incident.
He said that the backwardness of the state in terms of economic development has also led the youth to take the path of joining insurgent groups.
Love for one's own language is very important and all people love their own nation wherever they live, no matter how well they understand how to speak any language.
During the past two years of the pandemic, the tourism industry has declined.
We are in the 21st century, but what we cannot imagine is that these people who live in this area, many villages do not have electricity, adequate schools, land. adequate health care, adequate roads, and many houses are houses.
He said that there is no negligence of the security agencies in such incidents and the police department is vigilant and working hard in such incidents which happened only within the 24th. They arrested the suspects.
Therefore, the VPP demanded that during these two days, the youth should be released from the problems as the power outage will cause a lot of trouble and loss to the youth and problems to the schools.
Naidu, who spoke on the issue during a meeting with the MLAs on Tuesday, suggested that the MLAs should take the House as a platform to discuss the issue. the life and death of the people, whom they lead and the State as a whole.
Members of the committee who accompanied him included UDP MLA Paul Lyngdoh, Congress MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh and Pynshngain N Syiem.
The injured were rushed to hospital for treatment.
On the other hand, the EM incharge of the Elaka, Bah Jambor War, while speaking on the handover of Nongwah Mawtamur to the Jirang Hima, said, “In 2010, there was a transfer of several villages from Assam. In the same year 13 villages were sent to the Hima Jirang along with the epics and this was according to the notice to the Hima Sohiong.
There was a case where the Jews were unable to defend themselves.
Therefore, the organizations wanted to turn many people to the place, but the magistrates, police chiefs and police as well as the CRPF managed to stop the organizations and only 20 people were allowed to leave the place. the gate was installed.
Furthermore, on Saturday, the Minister of Home Affairs, Ma Lahkmen Rymbai in the presence of the DC, SP and engineers of PWD (Roads) inspected the road and discussed the issue of immediate repair.
Shillong, June 11: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the people of the state who have given their full support to the party's demand to amend the Reservation Policy and also to The implementation of the roster system has not been completed.
At the meeting, the KSU also demanded that the government should increase the number of police personnel in the area especially in the area which is known to be affected by the insurgents.
The incident happened at about 10 pm after a collision between a truck and an I20 at Thlumuvi, on the way to Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: The School of Nursing, Shillong; celebrated today the 50th anniversary of the institution.
He said that it is necessary to improve the employment quota as it has clashed with the educational quota which has affected the youth of the jaidbynriew who intend to study in higher education. while other communities with low marks can study and complete their studies in these lines.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today presented the budget for the three months of the year. long T 81,21,54,400/- within the KHADC without any discussion in the House.
The questions we need to ask are: If these have not been completed, it means that there is no arrangement with the State Government to set up a hospital (SDH) in Amlarem.
Public: ISBT has also collapsed, the Mawlai Bypass has collapsed, the head of the Assembly has collapsed before being used.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said, “This initiative is not only for the officers of the Government but it is the duty of every citizen of the State.
In 1992, he held the post of State Leprosy Officer to fight against Nianglyngkut disease at that time and until it was completely eradicated, which spread like wildfire.
Panah and Rida immediately understood and got up to go to the bedroom.
I'm sorry to send you to do such a job,” said the mother.
The Zimbabwean team will play on the opening day of the tournament on July 18 at the Harare Sports Club against Nepal; which has the goal of qualifying for the Men's Cricket World Cup for the first time.
They don't care about 30/40 years of service while those who serve only 5/10 years (even if they lose), get the pension benefit scheme exactly.
They have been arrested under Section 21(b) of the NDPS Act at Mawlai P.S. In another incident, the ANTF received a tip, at 1 pm, that a truck containing u number NL 01 K 7498, which was seized by the villagers of Mawlyngngad and immediately informed the Sohryngkham OP and the SP (City) immediately rushed to the scene.
“This deterioration of the road is a shame to the entire state especially to the leaders of the area from MDCs, MLAs and even the MP is from the same area,” said the KSU Khliehriat in a statement. day.
The growth of child marriage:- The giving birth to a woman also encourages child marriage, because a man can marry at any time because he does not have to take care of the household or children. but the relatives of the woman shall be responsible for the woman and her children in any case.
Messi's visit will help promote North American football as the 2026 World Cup will be held in the United States, Mexico and Canada.
When you pray, you must have strong faith.
He added: “This is why we feel that there will be no disruption.
In the second half, Jomsing Pariat scored the first goal for Mookyndur in the 90'+6
He said the NPP as a whole gives its full cooperation to the UDP to ensure that the candidate it nominates will win the mid-term elections.
Meanwhile, police are investigating to arrest others involved in the case.
However, in the order, which was issued on 22nd June 2024, the word “Bed” is written in English instead of “Bad” or the word “bed performance” is written instead of “bed performance”. They wrote “bad performance” and this incorrect writing was written 14 times in the same letter.
He said that the main goal of the HYC is the ILP. He said that in the last six years they have faced many challenges, but as a group, they have put the Creator as the ILP. their captain, in which he led and was with the group.
During the event, they observed a moment of silence and prayers for the departed souls.
Thus, the existence of these two schools has been of great benefit to the residents of the area.
As a nation, in general, we often suffer from fear psychosis, especially if we are threatened.
Se Lajong beat Ïawpaw FC 1-0 to qualify for the semifinals.
Reports say that this may be why Israel has suspended its offensive against Gaza.
“In the 2023 MLA elections, we will hold our own and we will talk on many issues and we will talk on many issues,” he said. our goals in the State".
There are 14 sports in the tournament, including archery, athletics, badminton, basketball, boxing, billiards & snooker, karate, shooting, swimming, table tennis, taekwondo, tennis, wushu and judo.
The issuance of this order follows the emergence of unauthorized buildings in restricted areas and areas under Centrally Protected Monuments (CPMs). under the provisions of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (AMASR) Act
These sports will also encourage the youth of the state to develop in this sport.
During the rule of Vajpayee, the BJP was still doing well because it was not as strong as it is now.
Then, he recalled the court case and its order, in which certain matters were followed and done.
“The implementation of the Meghalaya Building Bye Law 2011 by the government in the areas within the KHADC boundary is illegal,” said the CEM. The Bye-Laws of MUDA shall apply to all the boundaries of the Shillong Master Plan.
According to a government official in Tirap area, although the police do not know the reason how these two persons escaped, but they have received information that many of them have escaped. prisoners detained at the prison have a cordial relationship with the prison’s security guards.
According to sources, the NSCN (K-YA) member who was arrested on that day was identified as Wangbet Wanjen – a member of the party who holds the Rajapio in Kanubari – who has been involved in extortion in various villages in Longding District.
The rivers carry shyiap, manure and gravel.
The United States on this occasion said it is necessary to work with India to discuss and find ways to end the Russia-Ukraine war.
“Here in Sumer village there are about 15 households who raise dairy cows, and we have received information that about 5 cows have died and the disease has spread to the body and they said that doctors have come to see,” he said. , said Mr. Arkini.
AYWO, ADE and FKJGP have demanded the immediate dismissal of the teacher.
If we cannot find proper water sources to supply the new Shillong for many years, the struggle for drinking water will arise.
At that time, the Enforcement Police of KHADC, had closed down the shop and were doing their job, but after the woman got up, they were allowed to reopen the shop. to extract the goods and set by the time.
“But Daniel, keep the prophecy secret; deal it up, so that it will not be understood until the end Times, when TRAVEL AND EDUCATION shall ba vastly INCREASED".
Shillong, Nailur 19: The MDCs who have resigned from the post of MLA may no longer contest the mid-term MDC elections despite the Prevention of Disqualification Act. It is not clear whether the Amendment Bill, 2015 will come into force or not because it has not yet come into force.
Stephanson Pale was named the best player of the tournament and Lajong goalkeeper Neithovilie Chalieu was the best player to prevent the balls from entering the net.
Before concluding this section, business activities include all types of business activities, including contract activities of contractors in PWD, PHE or any other department, including State Government departments and others. departments of the Government of India too.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The National People's Party (NPP) has announced the names of seven MLAs from Sohryngkham-Mawryngkneng constituency on Saturday. Prestone Tynsong MLA Pynursla, Pynursla MLA, Remington Pyngrope, who attended the ceremony, said that 10 MLAs were present at the ceremony. Conrad, but did not attend the meeting and told reporters that he had an urgent need to attend.
Amritpal Singh has been accused of being a Pakistani supporter and claiming to be one of the rebels and a follower of Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale. “Bhindranwale 2.0” is the latest version.
The UDP President said that within the Congress, the conflict has intensified between them and the time will come when it will break out.
The Congress is the strongest Opposition in the State.
It is worth mentioning that the development projects released today are for 6 villages where 38 households in need of development projects have been distributed. distribution of T.10,000 tyngka to 25 people so that they can benefit from the activities related to agriculture, farming and other activities. planning, and distribution of work orders for the construction of infrastructure such as school buildings and roads.
Recently, the same MP surprised the MPs of Tamil Nadu by demanding from the Central Government to make Tamil the Second Language of India.
Shillong: The Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club (NSC) will celebrate the National Sports Day in the country tomorrow. on the 29th of July 2019 to commemorate the birth anniversary of Legendary Hockey Player Major Dhyan Chand.
However, no confirmation has been received from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
This reporter, during his inspection from many shops near the venue, saw and found that one of the most popular shops is a shop selling Raincoats (Raincoats), except for those which means that other shops are not less crowded, because besides the rain and cold weather in some of the places where the festival was held and especially in those they are not yet dug or filled with new soil.
We are confident that this league will have a place in the calendar of football in the state and I wish all the teams and players to play well.
I never forget that it is the people who won me,” he said.
He said that the ASHAs are a real hope for the families because even in the midst of many difficulties they enter the homes with a smile on their faces.
The statue was inaugurated by the High Commissioner (HC) of India to Bangladesh Pranay Verma and the Deputy Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of the Minister of Arts and Culture Bah Paul Lyngdoh. Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chairman of the State Planning Board, Metbah Lyngdoh, Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Arts and Culture, Frederick Roy Kharkongor, former Chairman of the UPSC, Prof. David R. The Advisor to the State Government, Bah Hamletson Dohling, MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council including Bah Titostarwell Chyne, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Chief Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem KM Syiem, The Syiem of Bhowal Hima, Pa'iem Kynsai M.Syiem, the Chief of the Khyrim Hima, Pa'iem Habapan Syiem and others.
Is it just their desire to please the Chief Minister???.
The use of ICG-based surgery meant that only the most relevant lymph nodes were sampled, resulting in early recovery for the patient.
Shillong: Langsning Football Club will not take part in the 2nd Division of the I-League this season.
Speaking at the programme, Dr. Peter Daniel S Khariong, Medical Superintendent, said that Dr. Werlok Kharshiing has a desire to improve the health of Jaintia Hills district as a whole and has encouraged the management. and the doctors of Woodland WK Hospital to provide the best care to all the families in the district regardless of whether they are rich or poor.
In this village of Bisi or Bisei, the KOP PHARI of many kinds of sports such as the shooting of the sword, the sum sword and the ialympat were also held.
He registered with the Supreme Court.
Shillong, March 11: PCN journalist Kenny Warjri has passed away after a serious accident while he and another journalist W. Lytan were on their way to Shillong. He was on his way to Garo Hills to get news on the MDC elections of GHA DC to be held tomorrow.
Shillong, March 13: U Vicky Nelson Marbaniang, a resident of Pynursla area who has completed his training in mechanical engineering and has gone on to start his own company, on Friday said that The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has expressed his gratitude to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah for his promise to assist in the establishment of a training center for youth in machine lines by signing a MoU with the company. He founded the Techpoint Academy.
Shillong: Ravi Teja (130) and Punit Bisht (163) scored 387 runs for the loss of four wickets on the opening day of Ranji. The trophy against Arunachal Pradesh was played in Dibrugarh today.
“Maybe from now on they will say, they will send a notice, but to blame us is wrong because we don't order them to do that, but we teach the people respect,” said the spokesperson. .
She said that there was a suggestion from the members at the meeting yesterday that the government should allow the Reservation Policy to be discussed in a proper and transparent manner.
The letter was signed in the name of the Rangbah Shnong who is also the Treasurer of Laitumkhrah, Bah GM Bruce Sawkmie.
:The new song “Phi Wan Paw” from the movie “Romeo and Rossy” has been released on 21st November
They also received training on duty and responsibility.
Sutnga SSCC, Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC, Khliehriat West YWSC and Rymbai Iawpynsing SC have qualified for the semifinals of the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
But how can we listen to something that is not in harmony with the truth? Who will have to take responsibility if that conflict arises? To expect the present government to change the Reservation Policy according to the facts on the ground is like asking for a certificate from a person who has no head.
Four MLAs from other parties including Congress MLA Mayaralborn Syiem from Nongpoh, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar MLA HSPDP from Mawkyrwat and Shitlang Pale MLA AITC from Mawkyrwat were also present. Shangpung MLA and Nongkrem MLA Bah Lambor Malngiang have announced that these MLAs will contest from the UDP in the 2023 MLA elections without any party. Samuel M Sangma who has joined the UDP as an associate member since 2018 after winning as an independent MLA.
However, the surprising thing is that when these leaders reach their constituencies, about 95% of them love only their supporters.
Shillong: North Eastern Region (NER) Shillong have won the Powergrid Inter-Regional Football Tournament 2023 after beating Corporate Center (CC) 2-0 at MFA Ground. Turf, Polo.
He said that all the trucks passing through the Damsite Bridge have to stop at Umroi Road while it is not yet time to pass through the bridge. Dwar Ksuid has already banned them from passing through this bridge.
Their experience in this game shows that they have a stronger brain than others.
On the preparations to come to the negotiating table, the HNLC said that the decision to talk peace was taken by consensus, and the decision was taken according to the Shillong, Nailur 5: The maintenance of the Mawphlang road has been going on for a year but according to the investigation of the authorities, no signs of maintenance have been seen on the road, except for the mawria. those who have been left behind have been scattered along the roadsides.
The Voice of People Party (VPP) MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that it would be better for the State Government to leave the issue of Mawlong Market as it is if it still has to deal with it. submit before the residents who live in the area.
“If I am a responsible leader, if I see that the leaders are not doing their job, if I sit down, it is like I am betraying the nation,” said Bah Sawkmie.
VS Rathore said that Bernard will still need to undergo a medical examination and will be brought before the court.
Gogoi said it is doubtful that the two BJP leaders, Alexander Laloo Hek from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency and Sanbor Shullai from South Shillong Constituency, will return. The MLA elections will be held on 27th June
The tournament, which has been running for half a year, has hosted 13,000 matches and 22 matches per month, which is jointly organized by the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA), the Tata Trust and All India Football. Federation (AIFF).
At the same time, she called on the students to be intelligent in their education by not falling into the evils of alcoholism, early poverty, and others.
Only 153 children from India have received this golden opportunity out of more than 100,000 applicants, and as mentioned above, 30 children are from the North East. Meghalaya has received four students, three of whom are from RKM HS School, Sohra.
Therefore, once again, the union urges the relevant authorities to take immediate action, so that the area will be safe and free from any threats.
“We hear every year about the problems of students not being able to enter classes in colleges where there are few seats, therefore, we have taken this decision in accordance with the Government's promise to the people. “It's a priority to improve the quality of education,” he said.
Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), women, and others as well as church leaders came to encourage Bah Ardent on this protest.
It was also reported that vehicles were able to move but they were stopped. Traffic was difficult due to the stoppage of vehicles.
Not only do the Buddhist leaders hate the Rohingya Muslims but they also fear that one day they will be more numerous than them and could rule Myanmar. one day.
The union said it will also invite the Association of Taxi Owners and Drivers to discuss the matter.
The Minister said that the vendors should clean the market which is their plate. “If you don't clean your own plate, we can't clean it,” he said.
The Block covers two constituencies, Mawphlang and Sohiong.
“We are deeply saddened by this incident and we demand that the BJP leadership and the MDA government should take any action to punish Bah Sanbor Shullai,” he said. .
Police have registered a case against the suspects and the investigation is ongoing.
“Rahul Gandhi's visit to Meghalaya is important for the Congress party which wants to return to power in the state.
He said that they have lived in Kyndongei for more than 100 years.
However, the village and the Sengbhalang strongly oppose this, especially to make it difficult to sell and give benami to foreigners.
Therefore, if the supporters themselves still want them to continue as leaders, they will never stay at home.
The Court also directed the State Government to submit a detailed report on this supporting with all the figures.
So far, more than 5 lakh karmayogis from various government departments have registered for the training programme.
He said that KHNAM is still strong and victory or defeat in the elections is not the goal, but the important thing is to save our own nation.
God's will means to do according to God's will, according to what His Word wants man to do.
He suggested that the new Medical College needs the support of doctors from the state to achieve its goal.
After a day of photography, the Barikor had the opportunity to learn about the lifestyle and customs of other ethnic groups across India.
Sanbor said the NDA government from time to time has promised that it wants to make the North East a region suitable for development in all aspects. The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government will play a major role in bringing the HNLC to the peace talks table.
On this occasion, the Iatyllilang Milk Producers Co-operative Society of Nongpyiur gave a welcome song to all.
The union also said that one Syiem has set up many revenue gates and two or three revenue collectors from the same truck per day.
On the other hand, the engineer said that he has sent the SDO to inspect the road.
Dupage County Sheriff Eric Sawanson said the cause of the incident has not yet been determined and police are investigating through witnesses and those who were at the scene at the time of the incident. that this thing may be done.
She said that her participation in the election will no longer count as MLA, Minister and she has to leave from 5 pm and if it gets night she will have to sleep in the middle of the road by car just for the sake of the party. great honor of the party and get the right governance.
Seeing this, the Magistrates have given time to these shopkeepers and drivers to put Vaccination and Not Vaccination stickers on their shops and vehicles until 7th November Those who do not wear these stickers will not be allowed to open their shops and operate their vehicles.
Geologist and Suhrit Pramanik, Sr.
Various clubs used to shoot guns at the Polo Ground in Shillong near the road leading to Lawmali.
He is the first MLA of Nongstoin after the long service of Bah HS Lyngdoh until the day of his death.
He also urged the KHADC not to issue NOC at all on this project, for freight railway or passenger railway without implementing the ILP. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today said that the allegation that the funds related to Covid-19 have been lost is false because the funds have not yet been received. spend at all.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should reveal the matter and not just promise.
“The Congress party has decided to resolve the issues and take action against people or organizations who spread rumors of ethnic or religious hatred.
Today, the CEM held a meeting with the traders who sell food items within the Council boundary, to discuss the problem of the people in getting food items.
One of the patients, who had just returned from Kolkata, works as a nurse at the Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences (JNIMS).
Therefore, in my opinion, it is time for the Christian Churches to think about this aspect of marriage which is a very important part of society as a whole.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today announced the closure of Thiang Compound, Raj Compound and Hari Compound is located in Upper Mawprem.
Shillong, Naitung 1: The sudden shutdown of the SPTS has caused a lot of trouble to the people especially those who live farther away.
This comes after Chiehruphi SYWSC and Byndihati SC won their last match in the first leg which was played at Diengshynrum Artificial Turf, Khliehriat on Thursday.
Kiruba, who is a rookie lawyer with the senior lawyer, was fired for her one-day leave.
The Synod should listen to the voice of the people and not just decide blindly lest it turn against the church.
Before the start of the writing and drawing competition, a short meeting was held in which Fr.Tonio Mathew, Fr.Tonio Mathew, gave a speech. Principal of Divine Word Sec School Lumshnong and Phanuel Tongper Environment Secretary KSU EJHDU.
On Friday, it was reported that one of the tourists who came to Mawlynnong fell from the jri bridge in the river, but immediately saw the incident a man who was sitting near the jri bridge. he left his belongings and ran to the river to help and rescue the stranger.
In this regard, 1,917 students from 9 schools and colleges in different districts of the state have reaped the fruits of the soft skills and talent identification program of Aspire Meghalaya. in the past month.
The death toll from the clashes in North East Delhi has risen to 30, with one dying while undergoing treatment at Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital.
At the meeting, the government has approved to release Gabriel Sohlang, Finance Secretary of the party, and soon to release Bah Arphul Kharbani President who is currently in Tura District Jail. The HANM has held this meeting with the DC , with the idea that the HANM does not want the fire to spread to the whole state and also to bring peace and order in West Khasi Hills Hills and throughout the state.
He said the Government wants to get electricity through gas and coal as well.
As the electorate, we must think carefully before choosing our leader.
Umpohliewjingtip School beat Lawmei School 1-0 in the 38th minute through Kingson Lyngdoh.
He said that the Save Hynniewtrep Mission is ready to fight according to the rules of law because as citizens we have the right to fight for the nation and the land.
“When we board a plane, they insure us, especially the police who have sacrificed themselves for the sake of the nation against the enemy,” said Dr Roy.
Shillong, Lber 9: The All Regional Party Alliance (ARPA) under the leadership of Bah Adelbert Nongrum as CEM, has decided to dissolve the current EC. Speaking to reporters at his office, u Bah Adelbert Nongrum CEM, said that the ARPA has been waiting for some MDCs to join the ARPA. He said that at present the ARPA is in the midst of a small paid with only 14 members while the opposition has 16 members, but he said that the ARPA will continue its work as usual.
He said that MeECL is implementing the power outage schedule in such a way as to reduce the inconvenience to the people as much as possible.
In fact, the state government in a letter sent on 25th July, 2012, said that people with disabilities can teach in higher sec, middle and primary schools.
Until we can market the products, they will be useless," he said.
However, no matter what the result or the decision of the people, the people of the state have to accept the decision of the majority.
He also announced that as an MLA, he gives awards every year to 3 VOs who have worked hard and have come forward in all their fields. They will continue to work harder in the coming days so that this year they will receive this award.
“We will set up a Polo Market to compete with Time Square,” he said.
The suspects were identified as Abudin Shikh, Nimohol Shikh, KS Hook, Aloom Islam, Gurmul Shikh, Ali Hussain, HP Shikh, Jisoul Hoge, Bs Husien, Kiamool Ali, Akmol Shikh and Jonat. Hoge.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 11: The Public Health Engineering (PHE) Office, Mawkyrwat Division through the Executive Engineer, Mawkyrwat District, Mawkyrwat has issued a public announcement for the Walk-in-Interview. The post of Lap Multi-Tasking Assistant which was announced on 15th November, 2022 has been postponed due to unavoidable reasons.
“While the MLA of Nongthymmai constituency, Bah Charles Pyngrope, said that in the past, he saw the punishment, now he will be shot.
BDWS.Shillong, Lber 18: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) on Monday filed a petition with the Supreme Court of India to suspend the implementation of the provisions of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act,
Shillong on Tuesday, 03rd March, 2014 The decisions taken at the meeting were to have their own rules of procedure under the rules of procedure of the 7 Kpoh children of Meisin and A Preparatory Committee of eight members was appointed, consisting of Bah Aris, Kingsley, Sori, Lawrence, Khrawbok, PBM Basaiawmoit, Rosemary, Christine Basaiawmoit and Nongkhot.
To hold the session, please visit the Mini Secretariat in Tura.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said, “I don't know about that demand, but the District Administration and Police will take steps to maintain peace and order in the area. the whole state".
It may be recalled that the registration ceremony was held on 27th November 2020 at Greenwood Resort and after that, there was another registration ceremony on 2nd November 2020 in Shillong. They urged the governments around the world to impose heavy fines on them in order to restore the income of the people around the world, because of this coronavirus.
At least 22 people were killed and 38 injured.
Rgh Skor Jala, Chairman of the Tymmen U San Committee, together with Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang, concluded the thanksgiving and prayer in the presence of the President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh. Don Kupar Dkhar, and Chairman of the Committee of the Khasi Women's Association, Rgh Dipshon L. Nongbri.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Pathaw said that in the four years he has worked as an MDC, when he was in one party, he saw the NPP party, which cannot come. bring about a system of governance that can bring peace and stability to the state.
For Idris, he loves to act and take part in action films and says that these films have attracted him since the first time he entered Hollywood.
KN Kumar, Principal Secretary, Rural Development Department, said that the government will provide 60 percent of the funds, 25 percent of the funds and the remaining 15 percent will be provided by the private sector.
One of the spirits of the moon will be destroyed.
“This is something that threatens our state, a state that has many things to accomplish and this will start only with the empowerment and authority of the people who are able to take that responsibility. .
Because perhaps the majority of the people who wanted to congratulate Bah Ardent saw that the party leaders had covered the place where he was sitting with siej so that the people would not be able to turn to him. always greet the crowd with a hand from the reserved seat.
The party today decided to hold a protest rally in Shillong and Tura regarding the arrest of Dango and other members by the West Garo Hills Police.
However, the factory was not owned by the Syiem of Nongstoiñ.
This shows that there is a lot of corruption and misuse of money from the SSA scheme,” said the Rangbah Shnong in a statement.
“We see that God has given us these blessings so that we can use them from time to time when change comes, I am pleased to say that Bijen Rupsi is your fellow villager in Umlong.
When we had finished eating and drinking, the pastor said to me, “I don't have any money.
Therefore, the Government should act more urgently, so as not to cause problems to the residents of Mawshynrut.
The 25th Seiñ Kyntu Seiñraij-12 Daloi Tournament will be held at Mupyut on the 29th-30th July
They urged the members of the Kur to attend the meeting so that the objectives will be successful.
For these purposes, 3,000 masks have been donated by the Deputy Commissioner and some have been donated by the Block and some have been purchased from the village.
At times, they may help us in times of need, but God's Word speaks against it if we put our trust in them.
He said that so far, several people have signed the agreement.
One night after coming from the market, she was surprised that her mother asked her daughter, “Son, how do you feel when we are sitting alone like this...?” She looked at her daughter. khun “How do you say, Mother?
After the UPSC approved the submission of four names for the post of Director General of Police (DGP), the BJP Meghalaya has decided to meet the Prime Minister. Idashisha Nongrang, IPS (RR – 1992) for this post.
Surprisingly, there are many illegal shops in EJHD that are not run by foreigners and foreigners (Nepalese).
The local police and the NDRF are still in the search for his body,as per our correspondence.
Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot on Tuesday tested positive for Covid-1
He said that in the past, the Congress ruled 18 states in India but the people of the country have turned away and now it has ruled only 4 states but after 2014 it will lose. one state and that is Meghalaya.
He said that during the trial, there was an opportunity for anyone to explain and defend the truth and the government has consulted with the lawyers to appeal against this.
Jemino said the UDP has held 14 meetings in the presence of lawyers and education experts to discuss how to send the best recommendations to the government for all the ethnic groups in the country. state.
Those who are robbed will be resurrected.
“The internet ban is to maintain peace and order in the state, although it has caused problems to the people but the government has to ensure the rule of law,” he said.
“The government has given 50,000 schemes, only 5,000 grants and most of them have to pay as loan, how can the farmers benefit from such assistance,” said Saleng.
The film tells the story of the journey of the character and her experiences with many challenges and doubts.
We have reached the second phase of Inc-Preneurship, a program for people with disabilities, where we meet with them and begin discussions and demonstrations on ways to start their own businesses. of works.
Nongstoiñ: The Sessions Judge of West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin, on Tuesday sentenced Dilip Kumar Kharmawlong, 2021, to punish him according to the law. 302 IPC and imprisonment for life with a fine of T.20 thousand.
Doctors are scheduled for 24 to 48 hours to examine Neymar's injury, the report said.
Where are you from ? Where is the Longkmie/ Women's Organization? WHAT IS THE FUTURE OF SHILLONG?.
In this regard, the church authorities have worked with the Shillong Traffic Police to arrange the parking rules and to operate vehicles in the entire Laitumkhrah area.
The liquor was dumped on the ground at the nar-jot dump near Lad-Mustem and the bottles were left for recycling.
Those who were expelled from Diphu have tried to find farmland in their own state (in Khasi & Jaintia) but no one has sympathized with them.
Chalet Phawa (54) and Charelang Mulieh (60) scored the goals for Dulong in a 3-0 victory over Shangpung.
The program was concluded with a song by the students of the College and the singers of the Ri Bhoi Synod Standing Choir.
