Primus Ronghi, Rinalis Ingti, Ritina Hanse, Melibad Crow, Joytiful Narlong and Anrisha Klein.
Politics, he said, “is the power to make others do what those in power need”.
Shillong: Mylliem MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew today joined the PDF and will contest the 2019 MDC election from the party.
The suspect, identified as Nido Tanaian, was allegedly beaten up after he challenged and touched shopkeepers who made fun of his fashionable hair.
The ceremony was attended by the laying of flowers in front of the statue of Pa Togan Sangma, to express gratitude for the great contribution that this great freedom fighter has made for the cause of the country.
During the raid, they also arrested 10 persons who were smuggled and charged under the provisions of the Excise Act.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11 (PIB): The Union Minister in charge of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari today announced the launch of new projects worth T.1.6 lakh crore in the North East. the east.
India, who finished second in 2021, are looking forward to winning their first ICC trophy in 10 years. The Sqay Association (AMSA) has completed its training camp cum-seminar which was held at Manohar, Parikar Indoor Stadium in Goa from the 12th to the 16th of this month.
(vi) There are some provisions which are not applicable to this Act (MRSSA) such as (a) the OIC in the EEP shall be appointed as a Magistrate but this Act does not contain any provisions. (b) Foreigners shall fill in Form IV the date of their departure and shall be issued an Acknowledgment which shall be returned at the time of departure. turn.
Mairang, Naitung 10: As part of the celebration of the National Fish Farmers Day, the Fisheries Department of the Union Government today conducted a virtual program for the The Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Parshottam Rupala, inaugurated various projects related to fisheries.
Emwazi said he last spoke to his son in 2013, when he spoke from Turkey and said he was going to Syria to help refugees. in Ri.
He said that on this occasion after seeing the spread of plastic especially along the Myntdu River, they have unanimously taken a strong step to ban the use of plastic from from house to house in the marketplace and at any public gathering in accordance with the rules or regulations laid down by the government.
The group said that it has already received a complaint from the village, and recently, they met with the residents and found that there were many tar items that the contractor had stolen. neglected and did not work properly to plaster the road.
These are the 2nd Person Personal Pronouns of the Khasi or of the Khasi Grammar.
The body was taken to Shallang PHC for postmortem, while the injured was sent to Shallang PHC for treatment. Inform parliament that there is no coal mining for 4 years now.
Jesus Christ became the High Priest.
“If we want, we want to get employees who can speak and understand Khasi especially in our rural areas, we don't understand English or Hindi,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Pyrnai.
Police have registered a complaint at Khliehriat Police Station, Case No.12 (01) on suspicion that the suspect was killed by the robbers. 2024 under sections 302-34 IPC, the East Jaintia Hills Police Station has informed the Crime Scene Unit CID Shillong and conducted further investigation. The body was placed at the morgue at Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
He said that in the last five years he has tried to do many things especially to bring about development, but unfortunately there are still many critics who criticize him as an MLA, by giving reasons like this and that, but Compared to the past decades, the growth rate is equal to the last 5 years.
“The MLA of Nongpoh has often talked about the flooding of the road in Nongpoh but now the flooding has decreased as the NHAI has already constructed some parts of the culverts that carry the water to the areas. I don't know what to do," he said.
I come from a small village in North Kolkata, known as Jorabagan. I used to dream of becoming a famous person, but I never dreamed that I would be able to be in the same place. , in which the leaders of the country, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi" were present.
A Project Management Unit (PMU) has been set up to oversee the implementation of the project in the state.
He said that if the Government really wants to do so, it should call the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to discuss the Reservation Policy.
Kerala Blasters FC coach Ivan Vukomanovic has been suspended for one match and fined Rs 50,000 by the AIFF Disciplinary Committee after criticizing the referees at a press conference. myn on the 29th of November.
Looking at the relationship between her mother and that man, after that day it became brighter and brighter in Rida's vision.
People who live in constant fear and doubt will conclude that it is useless, they stop working, they stop fighting and fighting in life and they just sit idle.
“However, it has said that it cannot do anything about this because they have to follow the NGT rules,” said Dr Mawthoh.
He said the Ministry of Home Affairs of India has taken action and the state government has been following up with the Ministry in New Delhi.
In another development, NATO Secretary General Jen Stoltenberg said Israel is not alone in its fight and NATO countries are on Israel's side.
These MDCs include 2 from the UDP, 2 from the HSPDP, 1 from the Congress and 1 from the NCP. Equator L Nongrang of Mairang, HS Shylla of Nongkrem, Blanding Warjri MDC of Mawthadraishan, Samlin Malngiang MDC of Sohiong, Ricky Shullai of NCP Laban and Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang of Congress. Rambrai.
Shortly after, Pegula started fighting hard and won 4-1 and then the American player won again 5-2
Shillong, November 4: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PHE, Prof RC Laloo, on Tuesday said that the delay in the completion of the Phase III of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) has been delayed. This is due to the death of the contractor and the MLA elections in
The Church has already paid T.5 lakh for 10 sq ft but has not been allowed to build a cemetery. replace the land if necessary,” he added.
The training started on 17th September, 2023 and the closing ceremony was attended by MLA Mayralborn Syiem, Chairman of Meghalaya State Health. Advisory Board.
“He said that the people who have spent up to Rs 803 crore will know better to answer on this issue.
The incident, which lasted for some time, cooled down after the people returned to their villages.
According to the speech delivered by the Prime Minister, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, he recalled the old days when there was no bridge and road, where people walked by going up and down. to proceed and ship food items from one place to another.
There are also some elders of Nongstoiñ area who have strongly criticized, saying that this is a political issue.
The meeting was conducted by Mogin B Marak President of MADO and delivered speeches by the elders of Tarabar Sector, Gizang Sector and Enos G Momin. Speaking at the meeting, MADO Vice President Momin said that while the government has not returned to Meghalaya the villages which it has transferred to Assam, the people will not stop demanding until they get their rights. their demand.
From their bodies, police have seized receipts of the organization called “Ki Khlur u Hynniewtrep”.
The tournament was divided into two categories, senior and under-1
In a statement, Bah Apbor Nongrum Working President and Bah Kenny Nongrum Secretary said that the reason for their meeting with the DMHO is because of the information that there are some people working in the DMHO. Many other youths are sitting at home without jobs despite having completed their education.
Some of them gave fake mobile numbers and some gave wrong addresses and as soon as they were confirmed infected with the coronavirus, they disappeared completely, said UN Manjunath Prasad, commissioner of Bruhat Bengaluru. Balike Metropolitan Municipality (BBMP).
“We have seen the DC appointed by a foreigner, the CEO by a foreigner and now the CS by a foreigner,” said Bah Nongrum. thang and you bar state.
He also demanded that the State Government especially the Minister of Education should talk to the President of India Droupadi Murmu on the need to improve education at NEHU. A dumper collided with a truck at Quinine, Ri-bhoi District on Saturday evening.
Once a year, this death toll was so severe in Ireland that about 10 million people died that year.
She said that India has implemented a law banning the use of e-cigarettes this year, but this has not been successful in terms of the manufacture and production of these tobacco products.
It is for this reason that it is difficult to elect small parties, the people elect them because of the ideology of the party they stand for but once they are elected, they misuse the decision of the people. for their personal gain".
Thank you all for reading.
The cow in the house gave birth three times.
Fourthly, if we have to evaluate the character of a leader, we see the strength and maturity of Bah Ardent, not only the courage and understanding. that he stands on a true foundation.
Shillong: Police have seized two trucks and arrested five persons in connection with Khliehriat Case No.10 (02)
Taking speeches from prominent politicians like Bah BB Lyngdoh and Purno A Sangma, Robertjune Kharjahrin said, “Everything small is beautiful.
Therefore, only condolences and prayers from all over the world to those who have suffered such a tragedy.
In the opening match of the tournament, OM Roy HSS B, Mawlai Kyntonmassar beat May Queen Secondary School, Mawlai Nongpdeng 3-1
He said that the UDP party since its inception in 1997 has been in existence for 26 years and since those days until now the party has done many great things to improve the country. The party has been established to fully serve the cause of the people in the state.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of the area also urged the Minister and the Engineers in charge of the roads in the area.
The DC said that the next step for him to discuss is to have a fully functioning shlem of the Civil Sub-division Mawshynrut through the full functioning of this shlem, which means the government departments. I don't know why I don't have this shlem.
Shillong: The JSM (Western Region) has given three days to the Jaintia District Council to clean up the garbage at the new market in Jowai.
There are currently 1,800 British and 2,275 Afghans working with the UK who are yet to leave Kabul and on Sunday, 1,800 were evacuated.
Sapdanga said that India may lose its fertile land in the North East. part of the Tiau River, which separates India and Myanmar, because the signboard cannot be erected in the area where it is from the sharing and riat.
The incident happened at 6 pm this morning, when the truck hit the divider and then overturned inside the truck. cliff.
Laitmawhing SC had to win to stay in the 1st Division but all their attempts did not succeed and they had to lose to 2nd. Division.
He said that space technology has helped in the control of floods by following the scientific era.
Kong Chiarmon has concluded the distribution of food items to the residents of Dong Moopynieiñ today.
“This is being done to increase the overall land bank with the state government so that tourism projects can take place," he said.
However, when I went outside the state, when I met other fellow citizens, when I asked about my origins, I didn't know that I was a Khasi, but when I spoke, I didn't say a word. you know more than light.
Rohit Rai was named Man of the Match by tied 21 runs for two wickets. scored 13 runs.
According to Bah Kongwang, there are about 200 vehicles that pass through the area every day and most of them are AS and some ML. “If there is a problem, they come to look for me, Sordar, if there is a shooting, they come to look for me, Sordar,” said the Sordar. “He said that these people, who came from outside, are very rude, by throwing garbage on the side of the road, on the sidewalks and on the banks of the Wah Umngot.
What can be understood from the Supreme Court decision is that the two justices no longer want that benefit to minorities to continue.
The Meidot padot shouted and shook hands with us from the other side of the river, “My son, hold fast to the tipbriew tipblei to be good in the world.
Earlier, Chokpot MLA Clifford R Marak said he had suggested to the government to convene a special session so that the MLAs could discuss the issue.
Information received from the government department said that the police have not found any violators of this law in the state so far.
However, the discussions at these meetings were made public recently.
Sharia law, the Quran and Hadith are the main sources and holy writings of Muslims.
As a sign of respect for the families of those families, Bijoya Sawian was honored on behalf of the Sawian family, for the award ceremony on Rangabah Sumar Sing Sawian and The mother of the children Riwotki Laloo and the eldest son Riquoma Rq Laloo on behalf of the family of Waheh S Quotient Sumer for the memorial award.
Among other things, it has also decided to hold a continuous protest, and to hold meetings across the Bri u Hynniewtrep and the final protest is to hold a mass march throughout Shillong.
The meeting also decided to stand in one voice to request through an affidavit to the Supreme Court to temporarily suspend the order of the High Court and at the same time the meeting decided to cooperate with the Supreme Court. The State Government or the District Council for the purpose of fighting to resolve their issue through the order of the High Court.
ABG Shipyard is India's largest shipbuilding company with operations in Dahej and Surat in Gujarat.
The project is called 'Her&Now', which is a project to create opportunities and encourage women who work and support themselves in any field in India.
The Pastor therefore stressed that as human beings, it is our duty and necessity to train ourselves to be the protectors and caretakers of this nature which God has given us.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej, congratulated the office of the District Social Welfare Officer, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, for being able to hold the event. keep this special day.
The DC also informed that this permission to open food shops will be only for those village shops which have a shortage of food items and directed the shopkeepers to get permission from the Village Ministers or Only four vehicles from one village will be allowed to carry food items.
The gift from God is after being born again, that person has become a new creation, no longer an old man or a fleshly man but the new is the spirit.
The distribution of Musari was held at the Durbar Hall Sajer, Nongpoh, by Bah Lawrence Mawlong, PHN of Malaria, in the presence of Bah Bull Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Malaria. Sajer and other village leaders of Nongpoh area.
According to police officials, a man has called the Minister three times regarding the threat of threatening the Chief Minister if he does not pay Rs 10 crore to him.
The PDAM fully supports this action of the Police,” said the president.
The meeting was held at Dorbar Hall Rangthong, South West Khasi Hills District where she was welcomed and honored by the Ranikor Block Congress Committee in the presence of Bah Vincent H. Pala, President. the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC).
Four others have been in CBI custody for more than three days.
The water supply system, power line, sanitation center and blood transfusion center have been completely destroyed at the 200-bed hospital.
The program was held at SAI, located on the ground floor of NEHU Shillong.
After that, religion came about because people had turned away from the law of God; then the sacrifice, the sacrifice, the shat, the kheiñ, because of the need to restore what has been exceeded from the law of God; then the dancing, the music, the singing, the singing, for the sake of rejoicing and rejoicing in the colours; Then the dress is right for the sake of the tyrsem of the people, then she makes an altar, she builds a krong, she plants a mawbah mawbynna to proclaim and remember the ancestors, the ryngkew basa, the gods and the dken and so on. etc.
On the other hand, Noronha in his short speech recalled the joy of seeing that these two leaders who grew up together at this venue, have now become the leaders of the country and won medals from this tournament. Sir.
"Yes," replied Rida. When she opened the door, she took the food from the plastic bag she had brought and gave it to me.
The incident of the recent protest in Shillong, which was defaced by the presence of exploiters, to injure those who do not know anything, is wrong.
However, at the same time, he admitted that they will come after they have made arrangements because in the past there was a bad news.
If this person gets more of the right opportunity he will be able to help even better," he said.
The District Magistrate has observed that such fires can happen in many places in homes or offices as well as public offices, training centres, shops and others.
In 2006, a revival was held on the 10th of November, 50 years after 1956 at Nongsning Church.
The Lord said to Isaiah, “Get up and say to this people (the house of Israel).
Speaking on the occasion, the Dolloi of Satpator Elaka, Daman Lakashiang, congratulated the Kur Lyngdoh led by Rajip Lyngdoh. The Government will open up opportunities for the Lyngdoh Kur through Tourism Schemes to improve the beauty of the Nohkawang Water Fall, Satpator. , Clearly.
“I believe it will succeed, mother, if Lydia treats him closely, because our daughter is beautiful...” said Maheh.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said that HANM organizes such games to free the youth from bad habits especially from alcohol.
ENGLISH – ISRAEL: THE INTRODUCTIONIn the genealogy of Israel, we have seen that only the names “Israel” and “Judah” are mentioned frequently.
Before the distribution of the foodgrains, a special prayer service was held and greetings were delivered by the leaders of these groups working with the church.
"Many times," the President told a newspaper on Tuesday, whether he reads or not the tweets he writes to his 84 million followers on Twitter.
According to Dr Mukul, the central government's intention to implement other methods without the use of cash will not be necessary as in India, many people are still illiterate. tar, and those who do not know how to use mobile phones especially rural farmers.
She said she had informed the police and the Meghalaya Commission for Women but her complaints were not consistent and she was in a state of shock.
The UDP has eight MLAs after the merger of two MLAs and the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) and the HSPDP have two MLAs. The MDA is not led by the NPP with Conrad K Sangma as the prime minister.
Shillong, Nailar :In an effort to prepare the youth of the state for their future, the Government of Meghalaya, through the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs, in collaboration with the Department of Education, has launched a The 'Aspire Meghalaya' program was implemented by AVENUES, Shillong.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded the appointment of an indigenous candidate for the post of Professor at NEHU, Shillong.
Dr Ampareen said the department has also sent a proposal to ensure that Specialist Doctors will work in Government Hospitals in Meghalaya.
The elections, on 8 June 2024, did not give a full victory to any political party and Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf (PTI) and its supported candidates The Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) and the Pakistan People's Party (PPP) won 75 and 54 seats respectively. , in which they elected former prime minister Shehbaz Sharif as prime minister and to work together in the National Assembly.
Guwahati: Congress leader Ripun Bora in Assam has demanded that the Assam government should provide urgent assistance to the journalists in the state as they are in dire straits. , in the case of Covid
He said that since kulong kumah, it has been the custom of the Khasi-Pnars to farm outside the village.
“We need visionary leaders who will think about the welfare of the people, whether it is in adequate health or educational facilities for the youth of our state.
The 33 KV sub station was built in 2004 to provide electricity in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, but it is still operating as an 11 KV sub station. Many villages in the area do not get proper electricity supply and many villages are in darkness. At present, the loss of light is increasing in the area and this may be due to the lack of electricity supply. The union expressed its surprise that MeECL officials have said in previous years that this line has reached Lailad, but has not yet reached Umsong.
In the Assembly recently, new laws were introduced not only to recognize synsar, latyrpad, soh mrit khlaw, etc. as agricultural products but also to amend the Regulated Market Act.
“On the opposition to the introduction of the railway line in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the Minister said, “Of course, there are many problems and we have to look at the advantages and disadvantages.
Two explosions occurred inside the station, which damaged the police station building at that time.
“Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?” “Peter answered and said unto them, Repent. And ye shall be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gifts of the Holy Ghost.
The demands of these two political parties are reasonable because the Roster System works backwards and not forwards.
When they need to work again to complete their work, they must apply for “permission again" as if they were coming to work newly, and in Saudi Arabia they do not allow their wives to marry those Muslims who work in Saudi Arabia and those workers should not think of getting married in that country.
Langsning's Kitboklang Pale scored the first goal in the 32nd minute followed by Ebormi Buam in the 39th minute.
A sudden storm which struck at about 12 noon has destroyed the building which was preparing for the service to be held tomorrow.
Besides the Waheh Shnongs, 6 General Secretaries, 21 Members of the Dorbar Shnong Khliehmushut Shangpung, 10 Women and 9 Elders were also honoured. the village is destroyed.
God performed many miracles to deliver the Israelites from Pharaoh.
However, according to the writings and comments of the leaders and experts, before signing the Dulir Instrument of Merger, the Khasi Syiems had signed a social agreement called the Standstill Agreement in in the year
“I have discussed the CUET which is a problem for many of our colleges affiliated to NEHU,” he said.
He said that with the restoration of peace and order in Assam, the Central Government has also suspended the implementation of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) from about 70% of the land in Assam.
He added that this is part of the council's efforts to avoid any divisions within the village and they want the village to be in unity.
All the neighbors and villagers were surprised when the drunkard appeared in the morning and went to the morning service.
He said that the SP has prepared a plan to maintain peace and order in Shillong.
Nongpoh: Although many of the residents in different villages have not followed the government's guidelines regarding the prevention measures against COVID-19, what has been done by the residents of Saiden, I can say that it will be one of the best examples and that is that they believe in what the government has ordered. that they intend to collect ration and also stand in line and at a distance of more than 1 meter from each other or Social Distancing.
Dispur Police Station has decided to investigate the case on the complaint of Dulal Bora, one of the public information officers.
Announcing the tournament at Shillong Press Club on Friday, RBW&TCS officials said that the tournament will be one of the biggest in India with up to 80 rowers from all over the country. The tournament will include athletes from India and Nepal.
Bah Victor Ranee or Bah Victor Rani if ​​you are Ranee then you are right but if you are Rani please change it sir because you are the one who will lead the people to the best. If this is my suggestion, please accept it, and if it is not, don't worry sir.
Damankhraw Umsong scored two goals in the 13th and 38th minutes and Rainard Khriam in the 56th minute while Kynjohshaphrang Warbah scored the third goal for Rapleng. to 59.
It started with an investigation and during the investigation, they released the report claiming that they were afraid that I would change the witnesses.
The Nongpoh MLA demanded that the salary of ASHAs should be increased like other states.
Once again, the state government through the Food Safety Department has issued an order to ban the import of fish for 15 days after 30 out of 40 fish samples tested were found to contain the drug. Formalin (Formaldehyde) is extremely dangerous and seriously affects the health of consumers.
In a statement, they said that no one understands the problem faced by the truck drivers, although they are the ones who deliver food and beverages to different villages, but on the highways. they are always bullied in many ways and never appreciated.
They are the ones who know the room.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister thanked the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Minister of Power Gajendra Singh Shekhawat for approving the release of the This is the budget for Tripura.
No entry and exit to these villages has been ordered, where those from the village cannot leave and those from outside cannot enter these villages.
“According to the rules of the scheme, teachers should be appointed in Government schools as permanent teachers and not in other private schools or mission schools.
He said that according to the complaint of the residents, the staff of the PHC are also not coming on time and this causes problems to those who come to get medicine and also those who come to need medicine. The union also expresses its concern when it learns and receives complaints that the staff of the PHC instead of giving birth certificates. but they speak harshly to the people who come to take medicine and who need it.
In her speech, Ms. A.Lyngkhei spoke on the importance of mental health and what are the diseases that can get in our minds.
What kind of Christian homes are the light of Christ? We live in these days when most Christian homes seem to be a light before Christ, because Satan has already attacked us in all directions.
Ram Gurung took three wickets in 9 overs and was tied for 35 while Ajay Duhan took two wickets in 6 overs and was tied for 19 runs.
The party also spoke about the current situation in Manipur.
“On the part of the Hima, there are many things.
In 2019, although the Congress is not in power in the state government, Bah Vincent has won the ruling party with the support of many other parties.
In a meeting with the Commissioner of Transport, the Association of Vehicle Drivers in Khasi and Jaintia Hills has decided to suspend driving from 24th to 31st October as part of compliance with the rules. and to cooperate with the Government of Meghalaya in the fight against Corona Virus.
The participants shouted slogans against the NDA and BJP governments and NESO Asst.Secretary General Manseng Sangma also took part in the protest.
This has happened not only in the past but also today, while God has given man the power to rule over his fellow men, in the natural world.
They are Bah Seiborlang Shadap as President of West Jaintia Hills District, Octomewat Lamin as President of West Jaintia Hills District, Teibor Pathaw as President of Shillong City, Macmilan Byrsat as President of West Khasi Hills District, Biolinda Nonglait as President of Eastern West Khasi Hills District. Gavin Mylliemngap has been appointed as the President of East Khasi Hills District.
I will get to talk to them inevitably.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday inaugurated the Jackfruit Processing Unit at Gulpani Nokat, Rongara in the presence of Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma who is also MLA of Meghalaya. Baghmara MLA Kartush R Marak, Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui and GHADC CEM Albi Nush Marak.
This action of the banks, has caused, even the petrol pumps, shops and other places to sell and buy, to refuse to accept these shiphew tyngka nar and this has caused the people, that they might put the money in their houses.
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC beat Ryntih SC 1-0 in the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at the JN Polo Stadium, Shillong.
The Union Minister said that the old farming method should be abolished and a new method of farming should be started. get the book of the farmer.
Nongpoh: It has been a great joy for the residents of Umtangar, Umlur, Patharkhmah, to get a 1KM road inside the village. The RBYF, Umtangar Unit, who informed about the road in the village, which is a village without roads, has been informed of the road.
“If so, we will try to nominate our candidates from all 60 constituencies for the 2023 election,” he said.
“Ka seng expresses its regret and cannot accept such wild behavior in the area, because as we can see now this company is still constructing the road connecting Nongstoiñ to Revelation.
Another thing we cannot forget is the ideology of the political parties.
The HNLC has accused the BSF and the state government of allowing the RAW to infiltrate Bangladesh and said that this is a serious threat to Bangladesh and could lead to the death of Bangladesh. There is a strong conflict on the borders of these two neighboring countries.
We may agree or disagree with the way the Modi government is working, but the fact is that he has been able to win over many voters to defeat the BJP in these two elections.
Such people win the election because there is someone who is 'back-up behind him/her' or if not because they have 'Spah'
Madhya Pradesh came second with 3.69 crore cards and Chhattisgarh came third with 2.04 crore cards.
“In our meeting with the State Project Director earlier, he said that he would submit this to the Project Approval Board (PAB) in Delhi next June,” he said.
Out of the 50 foreign shops, 12 shops including khap sñiuh shops, suhjain shops and others did not have Trading License as well as Labor License of their employees.
“There are those who just feel like stirring up and fighting and if it stirred up it stirred up like silver.
The program will start at 9 pm and will end with a Holy Mass in the evening.
Even though we have seen these events clearly, we do not believe that they are God's control of the forces of nature, of the forces of the tools we use.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh expressed her delight to take part in the opening ceremony of the Youth Festival and hoped that through this month The students will benefit greatly from the opportunity to take part in various programmes.
Gasti was elected in July this year, but died.
The HYC Sengkmie led by its president, Bah Roykupar Synrem and members of the HYC Sengkmie, on the morning of the 23rd, went to demolish the illegal dwellings of the illegal immigrants on the survey hill. lit to remove the tien sop, the lyntang and to expel the people who live in that area.
Many religions, many beliefs, many ethnic differences, urban, rural, many ways of life, many different ways of eating, but we inherit from the same country that gave birth to us, we inherit from the same tradition.
In protest against this decision, MeECL employees and engineers, will leave their workplaces today, 8th July and to rally with banners, placards, along with Employees of the Electricity Department across the country and the rally will last for one or two hours; However, the protest will not affect the supply of electricity to the people.
The Bor Shnong, which was encouraged by the contribution of the 6th MLP BN in the three villages, also distributed its share to the villagers.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Fact Finding Team (FFT) has found that the work of the engineers of Me CEL is adequate and skilled.
The school has inaugurated the Astronomy Laboratory through the initiative of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District Abhilash Baranwal.
The truths will remain the truths whether in this age or at other times.
The Monolith Festival will start on the 22nd, 23rd and 24th of June this year and will be organized by the KHADC in collaboration with the Tourism Department, Meghalaya Age Limited of the State Government.
Shillong, November 02: Twenty-three students of William Carey University, Shillong today were awarded the Master of Arts degree (MD) in the subject of Education, Environmental Management, Sociology and Social. Work, English and Political Science while 3 students received their Diploma degree in Integrated Research Programmes.
After the incident, he threatened her not to tell anyone and if she did, he threatened to kidnap her parents.
Therefore, the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawthad-raishan circle, since last year after receiving a request from the villagers, have taken action and recently submitted a letter requesting the The EE of PWD Mairang, to talk to the government to turn its attention to the village, by allocating funds for the construction of the road, so that the people can escape from the problems.
The Central Government and the State Government have tried to do something and complete projects like the Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road and after this it has been allocated in the 12th Five Year Plan of the Central Government to improve the roads in all the districts. district.
Avril and Mod first announced their relationship at the Grammys in Los Angeles.
He decided to be alone and how he could continue to tell stories to others.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 will be played at the 3rd Ground, MFA Turf, Polo on Tuesday at 5 pm. Mawlynrei SC vs. Dilingiem YSCWA. The match ended in Mawlynrei SC winning the title by scoring 10 goals in the 90th minute.
“If the Congress says that the RSS is working hard for the BJP, how will they feel if they say that the Congress is using the mynder as their vote bank,” he said.
He said that the decision to leave the NPP is not his own decision but the decision of the supporters from all the villages of the constituency.
The AJYWO has also found through RTI that the JHADC has no information about Umthe village or its Rangbah Shnong. He also said that if the JHADC does not take action, the party will take the necessary action.
An effective and pro-development presidency that works for rules-based engagement that promotes international peace, and orderly, comprehensive and inclusive development to everything.
Shillong, March 01: The All Regional Parties Alliance (ARPA) has split after the UDP and KHNAM have decided to leave the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). giving the reason that there is never unity.
The Minister warned the Managing Committees if schools are not held.
Shillong: Residents of Mawmaram on Friday night arrested a man on charges of attempting to rape a girl on the 3rd of this month at about 2 pm. day.
To the Hynniewtrep leaders, 24 is much bigger and more precious than 36 – that is their wisdom.
Throughout the day, the Police have been able to give training to these members of the VDP, Umdap, in order to curb the evil deeds in the society and which affect the peace and order and especially The VDPs should be like those groups that will assist the Police.
We are pleased that our MLA has taken this step to ensure that the State Government should not allow the EAC to occupy land because if it is occupied it will be a sorrow and grief for all the residents”.
The employees of GHADC who have been protesting against the unpaid salary have decided to return to work from Friday despite no promise from the authorities. The 3 days of protest ended on Tuesday.
Momin, General Secretary, NTDF, Dalseng Bira Ch.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 8: The residents of Umrïang Mawïamsyiem and Mawblang Mawïamsyiem villages have been deprived of the right to vote in Meghalaya since reason.
Clifford Marak, a leader from Lum Garo, who is also the President of the GNC, said that he did not know that the government would not be able to implement the GNC. ILP and said that he had no intention of attending the meeting and immediately left the meeting.
Our sins will find us once in a day.
Earlier, Bah Dundee said that in the past two years, the price of a smart meter was 3,750 tyngka each but in the past few months the price has been less than 5,000 tyngka.
Shillong, November 19: The Chief Minister of India in charge of Defense, Kiren Rijiju, on Tuesday said that China has invaded India in the past and has also captured some places by the wrong way.
She said that he had sent a clean clothes to his room and because she had refused, he tried to do it by force and immediately she called someone and was helped by the staff of the Dispensary.
They also know how to threaten that without the BJP, it is impossible to form a government just because it holds power in Delhi.
Speaking to media, Pala said, “As a human being I understand that I cannot work to please everyone but I have tried to do many things but I don't want to put myself down and I believe and trust that the works which I do shall be fulfilled.
“The Government of India by doing this wants more and more foreigners to become indigenous people here in the North East, which is a threat to us the rich not only in the state. Meghalaya but in the entire North East,” said the Chairman of NESO. It is to be informed that NESO has filed a petition in the Supreme Court against the enactment of the CAA and the case is still pending. shall be subject to the judgment.
RPF police have arrested a man involved in human trafficking.
“Whoever comes to meet me, I preach to them, when they talk about a subject other than the election, I try as much as I can to bring it to the subject so that I can tell them the name of the candidate. " he said.
“You shouldn't greet and speak respectfully if you ask questions to the officer,” said Kni.
From the youth movement in 2022 to the unemployment and the emergence of political parties to demand the government to create jobs, one of the ways in which the Government has more opportunities is tourism. tourism industry.
“This region is rich in garment manufacturing and trade opportunities in India and abroad,” he said.
Panicum miliaceum is another plant found in Khasi-Jaintia.
Before the end of June, we will experience a light rain that lasts for many hours.
Do the leaders in the Khadar administration make proper use of the opportunities to encourage the youth to stand on their own feet to take up various responsibilities and make proper use of the powers conferred by the provisions of the Constitution to to build the nation and develop the country? If the secret intentions are only the spirit of power, the lack of wealth is a threat that has threatened the thinking of the society of the state and this we have seen the politics of corruption and the power of money. There is no investigation by the ACB, the CBI or the Income Tax Department in the state. Therefore, the state has been investigated for corruption. Meghalaya has been misled and lagging behind, poor when we look at who the plans, policies and programs that have been implemented have been delayed and cannot be implemented on time and this has led Meghalaya to lag behind. In 2005, it ranked 26th out of all the States in the Union Territory in terms of Human Index Development, while in 1981 it ranked 21st among all the States in the Union Territory. in the state of Meghalaya.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Sngi Dkhar, President of the VO, said that in the past years, the VO has been celebrating this day by planting trees inside the village. shnong, but this time they decided to hold a cleanliness drive.
In the past few days, it has appeared in an English newspaper the story of a Khasi rangbah who has promoted another Khasi rangbah.
“Why does the government arrest only one of us, the prime minister should arrest us all because we are one,” said Tengsak in a statement.
These Residential Schools have been allocated by the Central Government at a cost of Rs 24 crore each for the financial year 2018-1
“If it were in this form, it would have been better for the Government not to allow others like SpiceJet which has its own Q 400 aircraft,” he said.
In a statement sent to the media, the BJP said that the award of Kong Silbi Passah is another milestone to recognize her outstanding contribution to music and dance. music.
Hundreds of contractors from Mawlai area have attended the programme, and about 100 contractors have already registered for the programme. day.
On the 19th of June, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA from Mairang, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President from West Shillong, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, MLA from West Shillong, u Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat, and other office bearers along with hundreds of supporters, came to file their nomination papers for the election in Sohiong Constituency to be held in on the 10th of January.
“This issue is complex and there are many aspects including the land tenure system which differs from one state to another, as well as the rules and policies are different compared to those of the state. ri bad how ter ter.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the village leaders of Narpuh have decided to meet with the DC of East Jaintia Hills District and the National Highways Authority (NHAI) to appeal for the repair of the NH. 6 from Lumshnong to Malidor.
Fortunately, at this time, some of his relatives called for help and the villagers came out and these people fled in fear.
Regarding the Kyllain Myngngor protest, these Sengbhalang groups in Nongpoh, have also urged the Rangbah Shnong Unions and Village Leaders to participate in the protest. demands that the Government of India should approve the implementation of the ILP in the State.
“According to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council Service Rules, 1981, the requirement of staff in all departments should be 489,” said Andrew Shullai.
He hoped that the Congress would win the MDC and MP elections.
Haaland became Manchester City's third player and fourth overall to win the title, after Kevin De Bruyne in the 2019-20 and 2021-22 seasons, while Ruben Dias became will win the award in the 2020-21 season.
The lack of a sub-way has also led to an increase in the price of beverages as vehicles carrying goods have to reach the area and have to be transported by a person to transport them back to another vehicle. This has affected the increase in the price of food and beverages.
We have fallen into Karbi Anglong Assam not by our own will but by the authority of the Assam Government during the creation of District Councils and forced us into the United Cachar & Mikirs Hills instead of being within the United States. “After this, the Assam Government has admitted that there was no mistake in forcibly transferring this land to Mikir Hills through the Notification in 1957-1
On this occasion, the Constituency Candidate Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit together with the members of the Central Body CEC will come to explain the principles and working methods of the KHNAM.
Dr.KS Elangbam (Major Donor) was the chief guest in the presence of the Club Members and the program started with the singing of the National Anthem.
Victory candidates, when you get your own people, forget everything When Aiom! choose once again Tyngkrein came, and spoke.
The farmers of Mukhla village have started cultivating this CAU-R1 seed since 2019 in the fields of Mojem and Myntkhor. Muckle Rice.
Assistant Engineer of PWD (Highway) Gemar said that the landslide has blocked many roads on the Aalo-Pangin road in West Siang district. Solid.
Out of these 24, 4 women have come forward to the police station after police investigation into the trafficking of women.
He said the Dorbar has urged the Minister to direct the Police to conduct a search of the vehicles carrying smuggling to Bangladesh as it may be that these vehicles may be involved in the smuggling. or bringing drugs into the region and into the state.
It was difficult for the Jews to start a new life and rebuild the city of Jerusalem after their return and freedom.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : Two MLAs from the National People's Party (NPP) and one from the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Monday resigned as members of the Legislative Assembly.
She also said that in Nongmynsong, measures need to be taken to improve the health sector as well as to curb the spread of drugs and other illegal drugs. evil deeds caused through this dangerous substance.
Therefore, in relation to this sharing on social media, all are urged not to spread such news which misleads and misleads the residents and anyone who does against it, the office will take action against them. step in accordance with the provisions of law.
“We don't trust the investigation while the Director has not been dismissed and while he is still in this office.
They also said that during the mid-term elections in the constituency, the Seng Longkmie will ensure that there are no vote buyers with money and if found, the Seng will arrest or detain and hand over to the law enforcement authorities. .
Mark Goera B Marak, has filed his nomination papers as the candidate for Phulbari.
The sources of drinking water are disappearing because we do not take care to protect them, that is, by not maintaining and taking care of their surroundings.
The purpose of the award is to encourage and recognize the States, UTs and Districts as well as the Indian Missions to achieve the goal of Aatmanirbhar Bharat through the ODOP. Speaking on the award, he said, “It is an encouragement to our farmers and especially to those skilled craftsmen who have tried hard to improve their products not only at the competitions of the Country but also on international platforms.
Shillong, October 9: The Catholic Archdiocese of Zone VII, Shillong Archdiocese which includes the three parishes in Ri-Bhoi (Umsning, Umsohlait, Umbir, Mawbri and Mawlasnai) will hold its first meeting on the 12th of this month. and 13th of this month at Mawbri Parish.
In 2013, Hebel was arrested by the police from Chokpot, South Garo Hills but escaped from Tura District Jail. u year.
With the commitment to strengthen the production of electricity from other sources of green energy, the State Government will provide adequate subsidy.
“It is worth mentioning that the former Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul has also sought clarification from the Chief Minister on this issue,” said Kong Kharshiing in a letter sent to the new Governor.
At 3 pm, these rich people crossed the Bangladesh border to enter India through Tamabil and as soon as they arrived at the Indian border, they were welcomed by foreign leaders. The meeting was led by President Sloan Pala, General Secretary Richard D Pohlong and other leaders.
Those who sit in the dorbar are also mature and intelligent especially when it comes to the life and death of the village.
The deceased were taken to Nartiang PHC and the deceased were young girls.
In the second leg, Ri-Bhoi beat East Jaintia Hills 3-0
The polling in Mizoram was held on Tuesday and the ZPM has been able to remove the Mizo National Front (MNF) from power after 10 years.
Many times God looks at the heart of a person and not at the mouth.
The knowledge of the Khasi in the past is no longer appreciated or counted anymore because they say that they have lost their knowledge.
The Union hopes that the Nongsynshar/Rangbah Shnong and Village Authorities will take the time to attend this meeting and at the same time the Union requests to take this statement as an information as it is too late. You shall notify the Dorbar Shnong of any other matter.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said that the Government's goal through DREAM is to ensure that the drug-related crime will be taken care of properly and as a mission.
Speaking on the occasion, which was also celebrated as the International Day for Peace, Kong Roshan said that the celebration of this day is necessary especially when the state and the country are in the midst of crisis. which needs peace.
Lajong's players include Neithoville, Kynsai, Saveme, Kenstar, Figo Syndai, Sangti, Hardy Cliff, Ronney, Everbrighton, Batskhem and Allen.
The tournament was inaugurated by Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun as the chief guest in the presence of NPYF Jirang Block leaders, Samla Siewdor Syngkli President, Samla Remington Syngkli Secretary, Markus. NPYF Secretary Balawan Syiemiong, Secretary Balawan Syiemiong and other dignitaries.
He said that if the UDP Mawphlang Circle announces to seek candidates, there will be those who will come forward to apply for tickets.
Scratch: a scratch is a scratch that is scratched with a scratch.
Participation will be more informative.
Regarding food, he urged them to eat enough and also to eat healthy foods.
The FJKGP has only one question, “Don't we have those great men or artists in Ri Khasi-Jaintia who have the ability to draw and disseminate the pictures of these fellow Khasi? be the pride of the nation".
Meanwhile, NEHUSU has agreed to lodge a complaint against the Proctor of NEHU Tura for intimidation of NEHUSU members and also against the Pro VC of NEHU Tura who has uttered racist remarks.
Dulong scored the first goal of the match through Clifford Lytan (50').
But they believe that it was a miracle that came down from heaven.
Even if it is burned, it produces lyer poih which is very harmful to health.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Farmers from four villages in the Ri-War Mihngi area are expecting to receive their land compensation in July, which the government has promised to pay them for the cultivation. signs on the border of India and Bangladesh but their expectations have not come true as they have not yet received the money.
This Khasi word is related to the English word Sign which means to sign documents, syrnot and dulir read in Khasi in the same language.
“The Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things”.
These are the challenges, these are the challenges that we have to address but these challenges cannot be solved by war.
“Everyone in Delhi or anywhere in India has already seen that in the upcoming elections it will be a non-BJP government to lead the central government,” Pala told reporters. Admitting that there are many problems within the BJP, the MP said, “The struggle within the BJP is very intense,” he said. more.
I was surprised to think that it was sudden even though I had decided to leave politics for a while.
Nangkiewkor Moore Don top scored with 34 runs from 40 balls while Richard Collins took one wicket from four overs.
According to a statement, 88 children took part in the athletics including 53 men and 35 women.
It is understood from the meeting with the leader that if the taxi seizure continues, it will reach the point where the taxis will stop operating.
The Seng also demands that the government should implement a Water Policy to protect and improve the famous river in Jaintia Hills from being destroyed and polluted by the exploiters.
You should be proud of the vpp who has shown and promoted you until you are recognized without the vpp Conrad also in the field of sum u kyn-ud ,musa Ambi ha u prahThis song has shaken not only the Khasi Hills but don't be afraid of Jaintia Hills.
The ceremony was attended by the longkmie longkni and youth of the Kur and the meeting was conducted by the president of the unit Mama D.Marboh, who distributed the momento and prayer of blessing. The Adviser of Unit I Mama T.Myrboh and other speakers gave a speech of blessing and expressed their happiness and pride for this young woman who has brought glory to the kur not only this time. However, this student has already scored the top ten 5th position in the HSSLC (Commerce) Examination
Murray's 10-match winning streak makes him the best player in the sport after his return to the ATP rankings in
Leaders of the farmers' union including President Tring Mawlong, Secretary P. Marweiñ, Vice President Novis Mynsong and Treasurer Emmanuel Lyngdoh said that the Governor has listened carefully to the discussions with the farmers. He said that he will write to the Chief Secretary of the state and the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma that the government should implement all the schemes related to the farmers.
The KHADC should have 37 MDCs, 35 elected by the people and two appointed by the Governor. one shall be a woman and one a man.
He said that on the 13th of this month which is the market day, the sumo driver was carrying the market goers carrying agricultural products to Jatah market but when he climbed the road he could not fight. .
Such a person is well enough to fight and hope is strong.
If doctors just want to earn money or get bonuses or promotions, it means that they have taken advantage of the lives or property of others, especially those of others.
In West Garo Hills, there are six cases including five high risk cases and one case from outside.
“This has been done with the aim of increasing the availability of land with the state government so that tourism projects can be started especially when Nongmahir Lake is not suitable as a tourist destination. " he said.
Shillong: Five women identified as Lin Liting, Nance Khongiong, Sbun Langshiang and Synod Liting have been arrested today for allegedly robbing synsar trees in Amlanai. Two men, Bahlung Khongiong and Jembis Khongiong, were arrested by the police.
When you sneeze or cough, cover your head, neck with tissue paper or handkerchief.
“In his statement on the corruption of the party, Kharkrang stressed the need to expose such activities, especially in the rule of the Congress party in the states.
At a meeting in Bhopal, Tiwari said that the size of her bra was determined by God.
So every citizen should think – How much can I give ? John F. Kennedy once urged Americans in his speech, "Don't think what America will give you, think what you will give America.
Shillong has also applied for permission and affiliation from NEHU to start the college, which is now in progress.
Zeenat also made it clear that youthful love is a part of a person's personal life, but there should be no rules.
The inability to use the Khasi Language by our leaders in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha of the Legislative Assemblies of India.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that this is in preparation for a large and strong protest so that the central government can implement the demands of the people.
Will the Roster System lead to the goal of developing the backward and minority communities? However, the roster system is one of the rules that can be used to determine the recruitment quota, which is also a complex and complex issue.
He urged the participants to take a moment to reflect on how this idea, expressed decades ago, has been reflected in the theme of India's G20 Presidency “Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam” or “One Earth.
Teachers from all these schools took part in songs, dances and short skits to refresh the minds of the students before their final examination.
Shillong: Fourteen people have been confirmed positive for corona virus in Darrang village, Darrang, Shillong. It is located near Dawki, West Jaintia Hills.
The union also warns against cassette shops and video halls which show or distribute obscene films which affect the minds of people to commit immoral acts and the union strongly warns those youths who people who take alcoholic beverages such as marijuana that cause them to commit adultery.
In connection with the incident, the police have rushed to the scene and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
He said that these schemes will reach the people if the BJP Government comes to power in the state where corruption will be eradicated.
On the other hand, Bah Augustine in his speech said that the unit every year holds such Christmas programs and expressed his satisfaction that this year too they have been able to hold such programs again. This program is through the blessings of God the Creator, as well as the Mawlai Circle which encourages them from time to time.
Planets are larger than the sky because their force is very strong, because in this sky there are many kinds of bih, the kinds of life that cannot survive.
The same idea has come to the United States, as the presidential election will be held in November
Shillong, June 27: The Synod Higher Secondary School Shillong has won the winner of the School Song Competition organized by the KJDSTA Mawkhar-Jaiaw Zone on Saturday.
Kohima: The Global Naga Forum (GNF) has strongly condemned the central government for its plan to make Hindi compulsory in Nagaland and other states in the North East.
There are still two matches left to play between Seinbhalang Shkentang, Pdengkarong, Man I Bha and Umladkhur SC. Jarain C&SC beat Dongmihsngi Mupyut 1-1 in Ladjaplem, Amlarem.
Do anything that is sinful or unclean, do anything that is against the will of God, for that people will praise and honor you.
The front of the truck turned towards the forest while the body lay lyngkrang in the middle of the road.
At this meeting, it was said that the word Tribal should be renewed, because as it is now, the state authorities are prohibited from buying land but the tribals are allowed to buy land. The Khasi, Garo and Jaintia should be the only people.
For these, man does not have to work hard.
None is wiser than destiny.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 19: The HSPDP Nongstoin Area will hold a General Meeting on the 27th of this month at 11:00 am at Free Morning School, Nongstoin.
Mairaj Ahmad Khan and Ganemat Sekhon are the two shooters of the country who have won the gold medal in the Skeet Mixed Team event.
In the complaint, he said that these comments on the Facebook Account/Page and the news of deaths have been a violation of the rules and have defamed the image of the prominent leader and The First Information Report was filed under the Indian Penal Code, 1860 and also under the Information Technology Act. , 2000 and other laws.
In a statement issued by the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh, “among the senior IPS officers approved by the Employment Committee of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) On the 2nd of this month, and for the information of the public, the Governor of the State has approved the appointment of Kong Idashisha Nongrang who is an IPS officer from the batch (RR:1992), and who holds Shillong has been appointed as the Director General of Police, Meghalaya for a term of two years from 20th June 2024 to 19th June ," the announcement says.
According to police sources, four policemen were killed in the clash with the GNLA. Among the four policemen killed were a police havildar and four policemen. long.
There are parts that should not be covered and there are parts that should not be covered; therefore, we must hold fast to the rights of others so that we do not lose our own language.
The following are the responsibilities:-
After receiving this news, it was learned that after the case was filed, the teacher has fled from the law enforcement authorities and the state police have launched a thorough search operation to find him. catch him.
John said that the residents have expressed that it is only the Congress party, which has the trust of many churches and which respects all faiths without discrimination. They assured that they will strengthen the Congress Party and will not allow the people to be misled.
According to police sources, at the time of the incident, it was raining, but suddenly there was a power outage and there was a fire in the house. The meter was installed at the place where the meter was installed and at that time the people inside the house came out.
Shillong, July 12: Meghalaya Police on Friday released a portrait of ASAK Commander-in-Chief Reding T. Sangma. inform us about it.
And if the custom according to our custom goes beyond what God has laid down, it means that what we have been following until now has not been a bloodbath.
He was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong on
In this age, peace is not yet used.
The Lamphang, who is consulting with legal experts, said that this is the most difficult task because no political party can accept the post of Leader of the Opposition because it is not enough. According to the rules, a party with 10 MLAs cannot hold the post of Leader of the Opposition.
In BA (Honours), Nancy Malsawmkim from Women's College, Shillong scored 78.38 per cent and Grace Lhouvum scored 74 per cent.
Dr. Mukul Sangma was accompanied by Charles Pyngrope, MLA Umroi, James Lyngdoh, Vice President of AITC Meghalaya, Macmillan Kharbani. Justin G Momin, President of the Mawshynrut Block Trinamool Congress, has announced that he will contest the upcoming elections. from Rambrai Jyrngam, elders and people from all over the Nongstoin Constituency.
“We demand that the Meghalaya Government should immediately arrest the uniformed men (Assam Police and Forest Guard) and bring them to Meghalaya for a thorough investigation.
A few months ago, the synrop group in GHADC led by the NPP had met with the government to discuss the shortage of funds in the District Council. The former EC in GHADC has already taken T.16 crore from the government and this money was paid a few months before the MDc elections in the District Council.
To mark the occasion, many dance and song programs were held by the students of various schools and colleges. There was also a friendly football match between the District Officers against the Village Authorities in which the victory was won by the Village Authorities.
Over the years, tourists have visited many places in the outskirts of Meghalaya.
Perhaps they will see the first flyover in Shillong in the next few years, if the works go well, the Government has prepared the design for the construction of this road from Umshyrpi to the Rhino Museum. .
Of course all gifts and efforts are beneficial for the children.
“Dhar said he has requested to complete the construction of Nongstoin Jail to avoid overcrowding at Shillong District Jail.
The hearing was held by the EM, Elaka ADM, EM Land etc., officers and all the cases, including the Syiem of Sohra, Ministers, Members of the EC Dorbar and the children of the thousands, the Raids. Mawphu, Umblai, Mawshuit, Majai and Mawspong.
This will help to strengthen and manage the village within the area.
Before the day of the ceremony, the religious servants of the Raij from the Doloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot, Wasan together with the elders of the Seinraij went to the market to complete the ceremony. one of the customs and traditions known as the Kbai Mooknor.
At the same time, there may be people who will come to their homes with the threat that if they do not support on polling day, they may get into trouble.
On the other hand, the Syiem of the Hima said that the Shad Nongkrem is an ancient festival which is the offering of the children of the Hima to God the Creator to bless them throughout the year. to promote unity within the Hima Khyrim as a whole.
Fourthly, it is important to involve everyone in this implementation as this Policy is interrelated and includes other areas, and requires full implementation and not partial or partial implementation.
“We have no doubt that the UDP will come to power in 2023, as the people have confidence in this party to rule the state in order to bring about change and especially to bring about development,” they said. He also urged the people to understand that the party has a goal to bring about change if it comes to power for the welfare of the people in the state as a whole.
He said that the state government has provided assistance of T.2 crore to the organizers of the festival.
In the past two years, the world has been struggling with the spread of Coronavirus, or Covid 19, it is in these two years, that the walking, standing, working, working, poor income, the After the spread of the disease, the daily life of the country has been severely affected by the spread of the disease. The spread of the disease should only be prevented and also by vaccination.
Thus, if the Dkhars and Garos are combined, the population is 20,88,225, while the Khasi have only 14,11,7
This is the Last Day, the 70 weeks mentioned at Daniel 9:20-2
“We cannot set up a group of farmers just because we are being harassed by the police, but we set up to look into the problems of the farmers in many ways,” he said.
We understand that most of the fish we use come from outside the state like Andhra Pradesh.
Icylda Nongrum from Nongstoiñ Parish, Nongstoiñ Parish, was also honored for receiving the National Award from the Conference of Catholic Bishops of India Women Commission. the best in the North East of India.
When asked how he feels about the ban by Bah PN Syiem, Bah John said, “I felt like leaving, but because I respect the others who came, so I live in my village” and he said again, “Before the end I will be satisfied.
However, when the rainy season comes, Sohra is a very beautiful village and the wind blows strongly in the hills and valleys of Sohra.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the National Education Policy (NEP) should be implemented in the state for the benefit of the future of the people. that students of the state.
The Government has to think carefully because as the foreign saying goes, it is better to take care so that a problem does not happen than to solve the problem afterwards.
At the Cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Amarinder Singh said that the curfew will continue and that the statement of experts on the disease is positive. he is cat.
The North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) has questioned the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla regarding the interview for the post of Controller of Examinations, University Engineer and Librarian. in Guwahati, not in Shillong, which is the headquarters of the university.
According to RTI, the construction of the Indoor Stadium Mawlai Nongpdeng near Wahumkhrah has cost T.2,99,813 lakh for four contractors and T.2,99,813 lakh for two contractors. 1,49,446 lakh.
We hope that it will not be too late or too late.
“The BJP will do better than expected especially in Garo Hills, with the involvement of many former MLAs and MDCs.
The lawsuit is based on Daniels' complaint against Trump's Twitter response, which showed a picture of a man who had been drawn and accused by Daniel of being in 2011, she threatened to keep quiet about their relationship and Trump's response to the article was “Total con job .
Besides, the government should also appoint a team to look after this because there may be officers who can do more but if there is a special team those officers or inspectors who can search will not be willing to do. tam doesn't take advantage.
This is an opportunity for children who have the desire to participate in sports.
They also warned the students who attended the ceremony not to touch this type of drink and to avoid three hills and streams because once touched it is difficult to break the chain, because many of the children Young people in today's society are quick to overcome evil only by associating with friends, where as students they need to choose which kind of friends can lead them to good and which can destroy them. life.
He said that on the demand of the drivers of commercial vehicles, the state government should immediately take any measures to solve the problems faced by the drivers of commercial vehicles.
He was promoted to the rank of Additional Inspector General of Police of the Assam government and after retirement he was elected as the chairman of the Bharatya Janata Party.
On the other hand, the winners of the Independence Day Run 2023 were announced on the 14th of July. Marqueemless Ramsiej came first, Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin came second and Bandasharai Marwein came third in the women's category. Jomsingstar Ramsiej came second and Iwell John Ramsiej came third.
On the other hand, the union urges the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District to take action against the Jowai Municipal Board. The health of the people will affect the drinking water supply as well as the surrounding environment near the landfill, especially during the rainy season when the garbage flows and pollutes.
The union also demanded that the fare should be halved for the school children because until now the students who go to and from school every day by car have to pay the new fare which has affected them badly. parents of students.
Please listen to the government to address the shortage of nurses across the state. We request you to appoint us regularly so that we can serve better in the coming days.
He also helped the team to top the First Division in the 1985-86 season, where they won 10 league games and retained first place until come the new year.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo, has sent a letter to nine political parties in Meghalaya.
The theme of the race is 'Run with different abilities' and the aim is to raise awareness of the problems and equality of people with disabilities and also to raise funds for projects that The Synod has established the Mairang Vidyajyoti Inclusive Secondary School and the Community Based Rehabilitation Center in Mairang and the Rev. Amirkha School for the Disabled in Mawlai.
On June 12, the High Court in Bangladesh ordered that Salahudin be searched and a monthly report be submitted for six months.
Today, one person in Kerala, a 68-year-old man, died in Thiruvananthapuram.
However, we were forced to fight, because this was an insult to our people.
Daioophi Iakai said that the Food and Supply Office, West Jaintia Hills has already sent all the applications for those who have applied for their Ration Cards to Shillong. to receive a new Ration Card as residents will have to renew the Cencus.
I know more and more that those who have been busy for hours spend time there but don't want to pray or read the Word of God.
When it rains, the noise is so loud that it is impossible to teach the children.
Thus life on earth is a time to sow and reap for those who are eternal.
“The allocation of funds by the central government to the NEC has been the same for 44 years.
“The lack of attention of the state government has led to the crossing of the border of this area, which has been shrinking day by day, so the government should take action to erect only the païa if it cannot dig. and he said unto them, Go round about the place.
Also present at the opening ceremony were Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah R.Pyngrope, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah T.Chyne. , MLA of Sohra, Bah B.Lyngdoh, MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency, Dr. RR Wankhar, DHS (MI), Dr. MR Basaiawmoit, DMHO, Dr. JB Ranee, DMCHO, Bah WB BDO of Mawkynrew C&RD Block and Bahi Starling Nongpluh, Sordar of Mawkynrew Village.
According to sources, the implementation of the Bill will depend on the Court if those who intend to appeal do so.
The union complained that if they know that the transformer is no longer working, why do they waste time?
When such things happen, the sword that the people throw is always because of corruption.
While the whole world is still ignorant to this day about the status of women, about the greatness of the world, about the enslavement of children, about the poor, about the children of the jinn, about ka dawri and about such things: as a nation we have survived before other nations because our ancestors have instilled in their nation a tipbriew tipblei: which shows that they are wiser than them. all the wise men of the world who have that divine light within them.
His passing away is a great loss to the state as a whole as he was one of the leaders in the responsibility of carrying out the responsibility of developing the indigenous people.
In the first half, the match ended without anyone scoring.
Solonsar, all over the world, human beings have their own religious stories which arise from their own culture and understanding of him: “U Ba Lah-ei” and the ways in which they relate to him. u, as the Creator of the whole world.
Kiang Nangbah is only a landlord, not the Dolloi, not the Pator or the Rangbah Shnong, he is only a cowboy and he is also a farmer to support his family. It is pleasant to put bisli when you are driving cows to the mountains.
The Central Government has allocated 75% to the SDRFs in the States and 90% to the North Eastern and Himalayan States.
He said, “I am sick of battle and long for quiet.
Drugs are intoxicants, one of the most dangerous weapons of darkness and they are expensive commodities and only the rich can play with them.
Other political parties who attended the ceremony included STIEH, AHPUF and others and at the same time strongly condemned the actions of the Assam police against the Khasi Pnars living in the areas. border.
I would like to urge the traders to lodge a complaint with the police if they are forced to close their shops during the festival,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
He said how many times the government has decided to relocate the Harijans from one place to another.
On the allegation that Danggo is a mover from one party to another, Danggo said that he has nothing to say on this, because he goes and follows the decision of the people. majority.
We don't have the ability to generate money without a market," said one market resident.
After the election of Rangbah Shnong, Kong Lumspah and Bah Shanbor held a small party for all the Village Leaders or members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong at their home.
Kyrkhu Dametre Ryngkhlem scored the second goal for Mynthong in the 21st minute and Sani Phawa in the 90th minute.
Many of these shopkeepers said that the highest demand for kyiad is not here in Shillong, but outside Shillong, especially in the coal mines. cases per day, but now even three cases per day are not enough,” said another shopkeeper.
On this occasion, Bah K.Passah, Assistant Director, Bah BL Nongbet and Kong Isawanda gave their best wishes and encouragement to them to play well so that they can return home with a victory.
“An assistance of T.500 will be given to each farmer who has completed Artificial Insemination and the Government has allocated up to T.2 crore for the purpose of achieving this goal. to improve the breeding of bred calves and to improve cattle breeding and milk production and beef production,” he said.
We hope that the ECI will take strong action against all candidates, political parties and election leaders who violate the rules.
After the march, Chennithala had to leave for his son's engagement party in Kochi and on the way to the hotel, he boarded a motorcycle belonging to the Congress leader.
Nongpoh: Leaders of HANM, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that they are not satisfied with the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, after receiving information that the border settlement has not been heard according to the law. land documents and also documents identifying the residents of the border area.
The purpose of this ban is to keep the area free from pollution especially during these days of sports.
Bishnoi took the wicket of Babul Kumar for 51 runs which was caught by Tarique Siddique. in the ball after the day's meal.
After the 15th, if the government does not implement these promises, the JSU will continue to play chess.
“We found that all the rooms are empty because the students understand that the JAC's protest has a basis and is for the good of the university, but as we have said as the JAC, we will look into it. it is the day of this," he said.
Sangti Janai Shianglong scored the third goal in the 67th minute.
Therefore, if a person obeys the word of Jesus, whatever is asked in that name, Jesus will answer.
JOWAI: U Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Transport and others, on Tuesday said, “I am determined to transform the Wahiajer Market by improving the market grounds for the convenience of the market dwellers and visitors.
They will decide who will rule and many bad things will happen.
Teinwell said that according to the procedure when the Bill is introduced in the House, the House can accept and give three days to the members to comment, but the bill has been passed. on the same day and this shows that the members care and love the jaidbynriew.
The ABVP West Jaintia Unit said that the employment opportunities for the students of the area are very low in Jaintia Hills and therefore it is necessary to expand the types of training at this college. Electrician, Stenographer, Food Processing, Health Care Professional and others to assist and create opportunities in the self-employment sector.
According to the complaint, nine MDCs have appealed to HDR to remove Pynshngain as CEM and to replace him with former Deputy CEM Lambor Malngiang.
He said that the 250 households who have benefited from the MCCL are not only from Sohra constituency but also from Shella but he as a people's leader stands to advocate even in the House for all.
The total number of cases has risen to 9,799, with 3,455 undergoing treatment and 6,327 recoveries.
The clashes took place in three districts of West Bengal including Howrah; Hooghly; and Uttar Dinajpur, during the celebration of Ram Navami.
At least 700 Palestinians were injured and 500 were taken to hospital in the clashes, according to reports. small and lightning in the area of ​​the incident.
If they do, they will understand and take responsibility if there is any disturbance in terms of peace and order,” he said.
The implementation of the Roster System seems to have paved the way for the appointment of Contracts and Officials.
It has resulted in partnerships between the Government, international groups, cities, academia and industry, he said.
The distribution of schemes is different from the rural and urban areas, but through the Jowai Development Committee of the MLA, it has been arranged to distribute the assistance in the urban areas in cash so that they can use it for various purposes. as in the villages where the MLA has already distributed household items and other necessities.
Both the teams tried to play hard from the start.
“In 2012, the Government approved the Mining Policy.
There are 3,512 polling stations.
“This incident happened on the evening of 16th June 2023, when Bolong R.Sangma from Dambo Mrok village admitted in a video that has been circulated in the media and social media. The vote cast in the upcoming Assembly elections will go to the BJP candidate due to the fraud in the EVMs,” the letter said.
According to the Jaintia Hills Automobile District Regulation Act 2011, any vehicle that violates the law will have to pay a fine of Rs 1000 per vehicle.
Speaking on the occasion, these leaders expressed their satisfaction to see that the spirit of patriotism is still strong among the youth who have the responsibility to build the society, development and He also urged the new leaders to be good examples to the youth, although they have many challenges to overcome when taking over the leadership.
The construction of the Land Port Dawki was approved by the High Level Empowered Committee (HLEC) of the Ministry of Home Affairs on 4th June 2016 and the Land Port is located on an area of ​​23 acres.
Dr A War said that the High Risk Contacts of the person who went to take part in the wedding ceremony from Pynthorumkhrah and tested positive have been found so far. 23 high risk contacts and 21 high risk contacts from Lachumiere.
INC candidate Baitlang Pohsngap said that it is the Congress party which has repealed the CAB introduced by the BJP government.
In this country too we see that women have also taken part in many activities, and now in this Dorbar too some have attended.
He has deposits in 25 banks, has T.38.67 crore in banks while he has T.19 lakh in various banks.
“Despite many criticisms against the government, the NPP government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma and Prestone Tynsong has gone on the right track,” Dhar said.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen by two today, bringing the total number of cases to
The total number of cases has risen to 89,8
We will go and kill them all, the insurgents and the civilians, they must flee immediately.
According to the letter, the KHADC, after suspending Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai as the Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship, has also appointed Bah Pillarstones Syiem Nongshai as the Acting Sirdar of the Nongpoh Sirdarship. They also directed Bah Wanphrang Syiem to hand over the documents or property of the Elaka to the Acting Sirdar to temporarily run the Khaddar Administration within the Nongpoh Sirdarship until further notice.
In the High Command (CEC), only the MLAs/MDCs or ex-MLAs/MDCs can speak or show and what these leaders like has been done from side to side.
Mercia Able Dhar top scored with 11 runs.
“The family itself cannot accept the allegation that she has drunk bih or sdien phasi herself, because in the past there has been a complaint from the son to his father that there is a mistake. The University authorities have alleged that their daughter has been drinking bih and sdien phasi herself. “They know better the condition of their daughter so that she will not take a decision to drink bih or sdien phasi herself,” said Bah Rubi Binong, father of Walinda Binong.
“There are those who say that I am a person who walks with feelings when I speak in the dorbar, but I want to say that it is because I have a love for the nation that I stand to fight for it alone even in the midst of being abandoned. alone in 35 flesh and blood brothers and sisters who have no feelings left," he added.
The Pa'iem said this at the 10th Anniversary Celebration of the Eastern West Khasi Hills District held at Mairang on the 10th of this month.
August: A man called D.Krishna Kumar, from Mysore, took his mother Chandrathan Kumar on a tour just by driving his 20 years old scooter.
He said that as citizens, they should elect leaders who are strong-minded, courageous, knowledgeable and understanding, who love the race and who do not love money.
In the time of the ancient Roman Empire, the month of June was the month of love and youth and in the month of June people prepared for the coming of spring and held various festivals.
The UDP has sought a report from the Leader of the Parliamentary Party (PP) in KHADC, Bah Remington Pyngrope on the political situation in the Council.
He said that as the Chief Minister, he would like to extend his special greetings to the teachers of Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole and wish this celebration of this special day to be a successful one. “The teachers will be encouraged to continue their service to provide education to the youth, because when education increases, the district and the state will continue to increase in all aspects,” he said.
The meeting also approved the proposal of Abraham K Techi, Secretary General, NEOA to invite some of the country's prominent athletes from the region who have won the Tokyo Olympics or even the Commonwealth Games 2022 will also be held as special guests on the opening day of the North East Olympic Games
On the other hand, Karnataka coach Ravi Babu Raju said, “This is a very important tournament and we are happy to reach this venue.
This road is part of the 44 km road from Mawmaram to Mawmih-Mawlyndep-Lad Umsaw, at a cost of T.64.12 crore.
NEW DELHI: The election for the election of the President of India will be held on 18th November, Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar said in a statement today.
You and I are talking about building a better society because we are a unique nation and we still have many issues that we as a nation have the right to demand.
Umroi MLA Bah Damanbait Lamare said that he is determined that the state government will turn its attention to the stadium, which needs to be improved and especially to be built. Therefore, the government has decided to build a proper stadium so that the existence of this fully equipped stadium will help to develop the talented youth in various sports.
Shillong: U Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, former Minister of State, today decided to return to politics by joining the National People's Party (NPP).
Ma Mankular Lamin Gashnga said, “The struggle is not a struggle by taking to the streets or by shedding blood, but as the KSU song says, 'in the struggle of thought we shall not lose'
Kren blum-blum u nongtim-knia-About you smileAbout you smileAnother priest who sits nearby – the team – what kind of knia are you like, it sounds like a young man's song.
Genesis 4:10 says, “Your brother's blood is crying out to me from the ground.” Verse 24 says, “If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, if Cain shall be avenged sevenfold; Abel, but Lamech, who killed the young man who hurt him, shall be avenged seventy-nine times.
Shillong, November 19 : Mr. Process.
Shillong: The District Sports Officer (DSO), East Khasi Hills District will hold the Under-12 Football Tournament 2019 in October.
On the 24th, there will be a one day holiday of banks followed by the Christmas holiday on the 25th November 2018 and therefore the banks will be closed for 6 days and on the 26th November 2018, there will be a one day holiday. Another strike will be held by the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU).
Nongthymmai struggled to continue to win the match and had some chances but only a few of them caused damage to the opponent.
Mobile phones, cameras are not allowed to vote.
The family from Saba village, West Jaintia Hills District belonging to the Phawa clan was accused of stealing taro after several children in the village became ill.
“Amber... all the doors have been closed for you, you don't have anyone else for you.
The question that arises is whether this title of Ri Khasi is true. However, Shillong is the capital of Meghalaya and has always been known as the Scotland of the East, which has beautiful places similar to Scotland, but this name has become in vain because when you look around Shillong, you can see only the garbage on the streets.
This year's MSL will be the largest with 25 clubs from across the State participating in the tournament divided into four groups.
“The Supreme Court has heard the appeal of Bah Laloo's lawyer and has said that all the NGT orders are temporary,” said Bah Shanpru.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : Shillong Lajong FC have won their first title in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 after beating Mawkhar SC 2-1 at The match will be played on Monday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
This decision was taken after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ministers, CEM of KHADC and Syiem of Mylliem Hima visited the market today.
He said that although the Hima Mylliem has not received any complaints, the visit of the Minister in charge of Agriculture is the complaint of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) and some farmers.
Meanwhile, citing illegal activities against SCs, STs and OBCs which have increased by 48% in 2022, he said violence against women has risen to levels of 31,516 criminal cases were prosecuted in 2022.
We express our gratitude to the Government of India for its support in initiating and conducting the dialogue.
Now he is no longer Lucifer but Satan, the rebel against God and man's greatest enemy.
However, at the same time, the residents said that Tuntun had done too much by claiming that he was at the same time as the Store Keeper and this behavior of the foreigner, had surprised them. The Store Keeper whose office has been appointed for a long time.
On the other hand, the JSU demands that the Chief Minister should immediately hand over the case to the CBI for a fair trial. More than two months have passed with the promise to hand over to the CBI but the government has not yet released it.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has been accused of violating the protocols by attending the Republic Day celebrations in He was tested positive for Covid-19 on the 26th of this month without completing his quarantine.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Meghalaya beat Maharashtra by four wickets in the Vijay Hazare Trophy (Men's One Day Tournament) held in Jaipur today.
I will take this to the government to discuss and stop and express my opposition to this plan of Assam.
Shillong: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP in the state, has been elected as the Advisor to the Chief Minister in the departments including DoNER, Tourism, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department. he shall receive the grade of “A” and this shall apply from the date of his appointment.
“I am sad and depressed to resign as Working President and CEC member, but I have no choice.
“Four years ago, I got 0 in quantum physics and I met my teacher, where I felt the need to change my subject.
On the first day of the match, Ri-Bhoi lost all wickets for 107 runs in the first innings while SCA-A, which took the lead, scored 66 runs.
“The government is looking after the health sector in the state and will also have to ensure that there will be no impact on income in the state,” he added.
Not only that, but he spends more money by sending shniuh every day and it costs T.36,000 once a shniuh and West, he sends shniuh every day.
The inauguration ceremony was inaugurated by Mawlai MDC, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw in the presence of Village Leaders, Bah C Kharkongor, Secretary Village Council, Bah KS Nongdhar. A short story of this Lum and also the land owners of the Kur Kharkongor.
Nongpoh, July 30 : The office bearers of TMC Nongpoh Block including Samla Elianby Tynsong, Joint Secretary TMC Nongpoh Block, Bah Emly Mangu Assistant Secretary TMC Nongpoh Block together with their followers, today visited the They have expressed to the people that they don't want to join the TMC anymore because of the lack of respect of the top leaders for them as the office bearers of Nongpoh Block.
He spent the last years of his life at Sacred Heart College Mawlai.
The total number of cases in the state is 2,169 and East Khasi Hills has 1,5
The match on Friday at 12:05 pm will be between Khliehmaw-lieh YC and Tiehrit FC, while at 2 pm, Nongpyndeng SS& CC will play against Tiehsaw Pengkyllut SC. Barland Syngkon alone scored nine goals to lead Old Star FC to victory in the 1st Open to All Veterans Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
On the arrest of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, he said, “According to the report of the investigation, the manner of killing him was against humanity and there was a terrible corruption.
The ASHAs have promised to start their strike next month but the final decision and time will be taken at their Executive Committee meeting on the 24th of this month, she said. MAWU General Secretary Mirajune Myrsing told reporters.
Sohra Coaching Center invites all the students and youth of the area to participate in the second round for the year 2017 which will start on 16th June 2017 and the forms can be obtained from the shop of Bah Melchior H Riang (9615674134) is located in Sohra Market.
Shillong, March 24: “The Dorbar Shnong Smit has to answer why it has allowed the paid bhur to take the law into its own hands,” said a report on the killing incident in Smit. men-shoh-noh question.
“We have decided to charge T.5 for every 8 kilometers,” she said.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and FKJGP Ri-War Mihngi Circle have arrested 14 foreigners who came to work as house painters in Mawlynnong village.
At the same time, he informed that through the collaboration of many schemes and programs in many areas including agriculture, rural development, taking measures to protect forests and water sources. PMKSY has reached the thong.
An earthquake measuring 3.1 on the Richter scale struck Khasi Jaintia Hills at 6:50 PM on Saturday.
Expressing her concern over the health of the MLA, the Minister said that she wants to see him and how he is although she asks the doctors about his health from time to time. .
To conclude this section, let us look at what the darkness is – the flesh and the spirit.
Regarding the failure of the tourism department to build the name stone, the elders of various villages along with the 14 people whose names are on the stone, have expressed their confusion over this misdeed of the tourism department. of government.
There will also be a discussion with various religious leaders and church leaders on the feelings of those who will take the tika.
"“KAM believes that change will not happen only through the leaders, but true change will be achieved by the unity of the citizens who want to find the foundations of citizenship in the country. Democracy and to experience them in everyday life.
Furthermore, sources said that Dr. Mukul Sangma is very busy these days as he has to rush to Shillong , as he has to attend the dorbar tlang which will start again from Tuesday Dr. Mukul Sangma is expected to arrive in Shillong tonight.
“They don't know anything about the culture, customs and traditions of the tribals so many of the officers misunderstand about the tribals,” he said. they look down on the nations and look down on their way of life.
On the other hand, Ms Matsiewdor said that the department has held a meeting with the Geological Survey of India (GSI), and that the SDMA is conducting an identification of the areas where landslides occur.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest also unveiled the Tablet of the Village, while the Symbud Kongsan unveiled the Mascot which is a symbol of the 75th Anniversary of the Village.
HM Shampliang and the NPP have set an example.
When asked whether it is because of the lack of awareness or the lack of opportunity to see that most of the shopkeepers in Ïewduh are non-Khasi, he said, “You say that we are afraid because there is no advance fee. I hope that with the opportunity to start here we will increase our income compared to the shopkeepers. other rich communities," said another woman who sells soh.
How many more young people of the state, who should still shine or appear well in their lives, but are proud, arrogant, who feel that they don't know and don't know everything, or who are stuck in the wrong path. Success, that they may not be destroyed for a moment in their lives.
He said that this plan of the Government of India is to eliminate the minorities and it requires stability and continuity because in 2013, ILP was announced but it disappeared temporarily and the disease of the nation. long you forget biej.
Darwin M Sangma MPS, former Superintendent of Police F&ES Shillong, has been appointed as Superintendent of Police F&ES Shillong, in place of Silvester Nongtnger IPS. Abraham T Sangma MPS has been appointed as Superintendent of Police South Garo Hills Bagmara in place of Sidharth Kumar Ambedkar IPS. He was transferred from his post as Commandant 3MLP Battalion, Khliehtyrshi.
The reason is that the villages have not given permission to the department to dig pipes in some villages in Jaiaw and almost all in Mawlai, said the head of the PHE department. completion of pipeline construction in Jaiaw area.
The District and Session Judge has authorized the State Police to investigate for 10 days the personal security officer (PSO) of the HNLC, Bah Storgy Lyngdoh, who was arrested by the authorities. Police on Saturday morning from Shillong.
Pogba's contract with Juventus expires in 2026 and he will no longer be able to play for the club.
On the other hand, the father of the youth, Bah MD Syiem, who accompanied him from Nepal, along with other relatives and friends, while speaking at Umsning, expressed his satisfaction with the progress of the groups. various organizations to pay tribute to his son, who is also a son of Ri Bhoi, for the honor he has received through his hard work and achievements in the field of dress, until At the same time, Bah Syiem urged not only his son, but other youngsters to win the title of Best Goalkeeper of the Under-19 tournament. The State has urged them not to put limits on their pride, but to be humble and modest because the years are still many years ahead of them to reach higher levels in their lives. that it doesn't matter if they are honored and glorified now, if tomorrow they are lost.
Bahunlang Mawrie is a student of Auxillium Higher Secondary School, Nongthymmai, Shillong and Samla Sylvester Shadap is a student of St. Paul's Higher School, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi District.
Conrad said the Maternal and Child Health Hospital in Jowai will soon be opened to the public and T.20 crore has been allocated for the construction of the Mini Secretariat.
Not only that, the sub-committee will also ensure that the price of mur should not be below the price set by the Council.
The area shares parts of the border with Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that as a state that takes ancestry from its mother, he supports this law and it is something that will empower women and will lead to strengthening the leadership of women in Parliament and State Assembly.
Speaking at the meeting, the Secretary of Wahthapbru Village, Bah Rock Dkhar, congratulated Bah Michael Kharsyntiew for conducting this free treatment in the village. However, he has been involved in many areas to help the people during the outbreak of Covid-19 in Meghalaya in 2020 by distributing food items and clothes to the families who have been affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. less income.
"The Father followed them.
“As the Rangbah Shnong, I find that she is a hardworking person and her contributions to the literature of the Khasi people have been great,” said Bah. A.Dance.
MPS Assistant Commandant 4th MLP Battalion Rangkitbok Tariang will be replaced by Jason Myrom, MPS, SDPO Amlarem.
“We both love each other, now he is not at home and he is on the road,” she said when Rupang wanted to talk to her husband.
The Minister was speaking on the question whether the government will deploy CRPF personnel in Langpih while the border demarcation is ongoing.
It is true that there are children who steal who destroy or destroy people with their stealing, but this does not mean that you should punish them with such harsh words.
“We invite all those concerned to move forward with dialogue and focus on development for all sectors of society so that peace can return to India especially in Manipur,” he said. you're right.
M.Basa-iawmoit, who stood up to protest against the issue of renewal of the Reservation Policy in the state which needs to be amended according to the changing times.
uRupang.com is closely monitoring the incident and more details will be published tomorrow.
He said that the presence of the monument at this place will also be a way to encourage the future generations to have the spirit of fighting like Kiang Nangbah.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, they said they have received complaints from many churches regarding the collection of taxes by the National Highway Authority of India through the Ministry of Roads and Transport Department of the Union Government. .
The footpath from the top of the hill to Mawphanlur has now been improved.
He urged the faithful of the parish to treat their neighbors as good Samaritans in this age and to tell, speak and do the truth to others in any situation. section.
On the pollution from Ïewduh to Motphran, the CEM said that during the inspection, many things were found from the top of the market to Motphran.
The goal of MePDCL is to provide adequate electricity to the consumers in the next few years.
The SP said that 24 women have been abducted, 9 of whom have been confirmed to be under 18 years of age.
“We vote for our children,” she said.
Speech was also delivered by Kong Phidelia Shabong, Principal of Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School. She also gave a speech of encouragement to the students. .
First of all, everyone needs this.
Speaking to media, u Bah Pyniaid Singh, u Bah Bah Pyniaid Singh, said that as an MDC, he has brought many development projects to many people. through the village authorities, sports clubs, youth organizations in his constituency.
The Christmas lighting ceremony started on Monday and will continue every evening from 5 pm to 12 noon until the 3rd July
SELF-WARNING:— Initially, you should not expect to return to your daily routine immediately after getting home or recovering from the disease.
He also urged the forest owners to register with the Forest Department, as they have the opportunity to help because in JHADC the forests have been registered. Forests need to be maintained to produce clean air.
Speakers included the Director of Horticulture, D.Sohtun, District Horticulture Officer, DB Dkhar, Executive Engineer, Water Resources, Kordor Lamare, Assiatnat. Director of Agriculture, Bah M.Slong, Senior Scientist, Dr D.Paswet.
Yes! If the world's mynder is like this, the foundation of religion, customs, traditions, riti Sadu will be destroyed.
The residents of Lawbyrtun Village demand that the school should be located in the village as it is necessary for the villagers to have a school in the village.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban has sent a letter to Sanbor Shullai MLA to express its opposition to the proposal to change the name of the Zig-Zag Road in Laban to Ardhendhu Choudhuri Road without permission. of the Dorbar Shnong, Kenches Traces Oxford Rilbong.
Two days after the passage of the Bill by the KHADC, the CEM of the KHADC and several MDCs went to meet the Governor to present the amended Bill to him.
Khliehriat, March 10 : The National Green Tribunal (NTU) has banned the mining and smuggling of coal since 2014, the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District have enforced Section 144CrPC in There have been many tragic incidents caused by the mining of coal from the coal mines in the District.
He said that it may also be that these donations have not been spent and have remained in the bank accounts of various departments.
If Dr. Sailo is not a resident of Jhalupara , the fact here is that the people of Jhalupara have done the right thing and should be commended for expressing their commitment to India and the world Local Residency Rule does not apply to Khasi.
KHADC officials from the Eleka Department today visited Marbisu to hold a meeting and confirmed Bah Edward Kurbah as the Acting Sordar of the Hima until the election. new.
Speaking to media after the meeting with Amit Shah, Conrad Sangma said the Chief Minister of Assam has informed him that all the incidents of shooting have been coincidental. The Assam Police have used excessive force.
“If retired persons are appointed, the government will not have the power to interfere with their work but if those who are still working are appointed, it will be able to rule as it pleases. “I think it is appropriate to say that the act should be clearer and provide that the investigating officers should be retired from their posts so that they can work independently,” he said.
Jowai, Nailur, 27: The NSS Jowai Polytechnic has launched a program 'Swachhta Hi seva' ' by cleaning up the surroundings of the Institute Campus on the 26th and also today 27th September, the Institute has cleaned up the streets filled with plastic and garbage from in front of Iew Shyiap. to the parking lot of Sien Raij Jowai (Iawmusiang) which was closed from 7 pm.
“Looking at the unemployment rate in the State, we understand that the Government alone cannot provide all the services. and companies are covered under the SRP, this will help in the fight against unemployment among the youth in the State”.
To empower women who are vulnerable in life and journey.
In the letter, Sunn suggested to the prime minister to ask for a place from the army to hold government meetings like at Kirkit Square in Laban, which used to be held in previous years.
There are 984 confirmed cases in East Khasi Hills and 263 cases in East Khasi Hills, including 241 civilians.
Shillong, March 11: The Shillong YMCA will hold a youth camp on the 14th, 15th and 16th of this month at Umdihar, Ri-Bhoi District.
On the demand for Civil Sub-Division, the Co-Chairman said that he would try to discuss and would take this matter to the State Government authorities.
He also urged the market dwellers not to spread the market without finding it but to keep it clean as their own.
However, since 1985-86 onwards, the number of animals destroying crops in the rural areas has decreased significantly.
If you find such persons please immediately inform the Electoral Registration Officer or the Booth Level Officer of that Polling Station in your village.
The Union Minister of State for Justice, Kiren Rijiju, in the past few days, has said that the society or the country cannot celebrate any milestone if the people women and children did not enjoy peace.
Ah! jin if I would have understood the foolishnesses when I was under 30 then I wouldn't be like this today.
“These two state governments should look after the most important issue and that is the safety of the residents in these two states especially in these times of conflict; There has been a clash between the Assamese in Shillong and the Khasi in Guwahati, Assam,” said the statement.
The Tetelia-Byrnihat project will be constructed at a cost of T.496 crore.
On the other hand, the MLA of Kharkutta constituency, Rupert M Momin, has expressed his concern over the lack of kait market in North Garo Hills district and suggested to the State Government to have a proper market so that the Farmers will get a fair price when they sell their kait and buyers will have to buy from Garo Hills and not from Daranggiri.
Their preparations for the tournament have been in the last two months before the start of the North East Olympic Games.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayralborn Syiem said that it is essential to work together to strengthen public awareness on the need for health especially in relation to HIV/AIDS in the society.
I have seen how as an MP he has a responsibility to speak and bring about development in his constituency.
However, it is also learned that Gracia does not have the right mental strength and struggles to control the disease.
Police have registered three cases under Sections 353, 336 and
On the other hand, as the newly elected President, after the former President Bah Dari Dunai, said that he has many jobs and is an Adviser with other parties and said to hand over to the Bah Aiborsing Iawphniaw has agreed to lead the newly formed party.
Defense Secretary Ajay Kumar has tested positive for the virus and the Defense Ministry has quarantined 35 employees. Kumar, who works with South Block of Raisina Hills, has been arrested.
Therefore, the Myntri Shnong of Mawranglang has warned that from now on, if any person is found to behave improperly and throw the bodies of any species of animal into the water, the village will punish them with a penalty. you're strong.
The budget submitted by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC on the opening day of the budget session of the council was approved by the Legislative Assembly. for three months due to many reasons, the district council has not been able to submit the full budget for the year 2023-2
“A meeting with the Assam Government will be held before the end of June to move forward with the second phase of the border talks,” he said. The Meghalaya Government has been in talks from time to time with the Assam Government regarding the incident at Khanduli.
“We are no longer voting for ourselves but for the present and future generations,” said both the mothers.
Factories around Jamshedpur, including the Adityapur Industrial Area (AIA) Housing Auto Ancillaries, have been forced to stop working in these days due to the decline in the market in the month of There are still 30 factories in the country, which have to be closed down, besides more than 10,000 factories, which have already been closed down on Friday.
Furthermore, the two organizations alleged that the opening of the bank is like the Assam government has come to strengthen the border. Check Gate and Police Out Post have now tried to open the bank.
At the same time, he congratulated the organization for working hard for the welfare of the community especially in the past years of Covid-1
Tura Cricket Association won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 121 runs for the loss of 7 wickets. Harshit Prashad scored 71 runs for Tura CA.
And that purpose of His is to know Him, to love Him and to serve Him. First, how do we know Him? We can know Him through the religion of the way we live.
This selection is for Under-18 children.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of MCCL said that if the Hima Sohra and the Mawmluh Dorbar do not approve the joint venture, the state government will shut down the factory. The government will not be able to operate the dewbilat factory in the area.
Jesus was a Jew, the early Christians were Jews, Greeks and Romans, Christians based their beliefs on their customs, the Church accepted the good things to sanctify for all things that are good come of God.
“The Cabinet has decided to introduce the amendment to the MRSSA in this Budget Session and the Ordinance announced earlier has expired and there are some provisions that are still missing. new to this MRSSA,” said James.
The Under-17 girls' team of the state has fallen into Pool-G, which includes Goa, Uttrakhand and KVS. 20, and the match will be against Goa.
“We demand that the Government of Manipur and the Government of Manipur should take action against those bloodthirsty people according to the law. India as a whole – most of the women themselves have become the soh pdung in our country,” said the statement.
The Contractors Union has vowed that if the government does not pay their bills within October, they will take a decision to suspend all contractors in the state.
Victim : means victim, victim is a short word for people; shahbanbeiñ shall not fall into any trap of others; lang is a short word for blang; kñia is the slaughter of animals when offered at the altar of religion.
"I am happy that there are many talents in this area and we should create an environment to attract young people to choose science education" said Raju and through science education, it will also strengthen polytechnic schools and ITIs in the country.
It will also be the first time in the tournament that the Decision Review System (DRS) will be implemented in all matches since the Super Six.
You have to obey whatever the authorities tell you.
In this regard, the union on 27th July sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) NEC Khliehriat and according to the letter signed by the President JSM-ER, Samla Wellson.
According to the residents of the village, these three houses have collapsed into the river due to the heavy rainfall which has raised the Wah Umngi and covered the ground. on the outskirts of the city.
Babu BR Kharlukhi wrote, “There can be no literature without writing”.
The central government has made these requests to the Manipur government after RPI-A leader Maheshwar Thounaojam.
Speaking on the electricity department in the state, the Minister said, “Umïam has reached the point of having to shut down the generation of electricity due to the lack of rainfall. “It's not just Meghalaya but other states are facing the same problem due to the lack of rainfall,” he said.
Shillong, July 18: A few days ago, the Hima Mylliem has issued a warning to the Hima Mylliem but now the cow sellers have shown their work and this is because they have taken a strict decision to ban the cow meat. The Messiah was born in Lum Khasi-Jaintia for two months.
Shillong, Nailar 19: A group of KHNAM youths have sent a complaint to the Chairman of the Central Pollution Control Board (CPB) regarding the quality of water supplied by the PHE and the Shillong Municipal Board.
John Cajee, General Secretary of the club, said that the club has prepared many other programs to be held throughout this year and will end in May I'll tell you.
At the FIFA awards ceremony for football stars from clubs and teams from different countries known as 'The Best' held in Paris, it was reported that Argentina captain Lionel Messi has been named the winner and second among men to win the award, which was supported by the team's victory. to win the 2022 WC.
Don Massar said he will not attend the NPP meetings in Pynursla constituency where his wife Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongshken constituency is also the candidate of the NPP. The PDF will contest against the NPP's announced candidate for Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong.
Therefore, we request the Minister to consider another option.
Shortly after, police arrested the driver of the vehicle, Raju Jamatia, 31, resident of Lapalang and the vehicle was seized.
Hundreds of people from all over the Hynniewtrep Hills who belong to the Khongsit clan attended the meeting.
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Happy Valley, Shillong has won the first ever Meghalaya Inter-School Taekwondo Championship 2023 to be held in the state.
The CEM of JHADC, said that the post will be held by K.M.Lytan.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh MLA Umsning was the chief guest in the presence of Dr. E Kalwing, District AIDS Control Officer, Dr. L Myrthong, Deputy Director MACS Shillong. , Rocky Kylla Chairman Umsning Town Dorbar, members of RAWA and other dignitaries.
Speaking on the occasion, KHNAM MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that he will not support anyone, but the party will decide on its own candidate for the election.
However, she said that it was through Bah Hamlet Dohling as MLA and Minister of State that they received the promise of a new school which was completed and opened on Monday.
The third match between Riwar Utd and Demseiniong ended in a 1-1 draw and it was in the tie breaker that Riwar Utd beat Demseiniong 2-1
This was stated by Bah Metbah at an election campaign rally held at Krang for Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah.
Another notable project is the water supply system in Ranikor where 5 toilets, public toilets with a capacity of up to 20 people, a rainwater storage tank and a water tank have been built. improve the proper use of water.
All visitors should follow the government's guidelines, such as social distance, hand washing and wearing masks.
The Governor of Meghalaya, RN Ravi, said that the Governor's House welcomes the suggestions of the leaders from many churches.
During the meeting, a short meeting was held at two places.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Meghalaya filmmaker Simi Khongtiang has won the Best Director award for her film 'Ka Chithi' at the Prague Cine Awards, 2024, North. East India.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor said that this Community Radio Station will be an opportunity for the youth to develop their talents.
The case is expected to be completed within 10 days from today in the court of the Chief Judicial Magistrate, West Khasi Hills.
Samla Melajied Khongbuh,Nongtyngur VillageBefore the election period, those who will go to the Legislative Assembly of the State, the following are in my mind:• Now I will blindly support those who have been able to provide I have been here for six months in this election.
It surprised us to think where that nation knew man and knew God, but only terrible evils were heard, these are the things that the man of God – the Apostle Paul, Colossians 3 chapter 5, says. “Deaden therefore your members which are upon the earth ; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:
Of course, perhaps in this age of technology, we should be more aware of what our ancestors have learned from us today, besides that we have become more aware of the times.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on June 18, 2013, said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (2.0) government is still in the process of implementing the State Education Policy. because of the National Education Policy (NEP), they cannot implement both.
“After meeting with the doctor of the CHC, we learned that the CHC Mairang needs 15 doctors, 16 nurses, 17 technology staff and 43 technicians. that staff".
For more information, please call 6009957335 or email: Helpline No:
Referring to the Polytechnic in Nongkhrah, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that this is one of the schools, which the students in Ri Bhoi are looking forward to implementing. It will be a great blessing not only to the youth of Ri Bhoi, but also to the students from other districts and to save them from the expense of studying abroad.
Other schools that received the winners include HK Sing Memorial Secondary School and Padu Secondary School.
We just imagine something that can't happen.
Therefore, if the people want change, please cast their vote under the torch light.
Marak was arrested on Tuesday after a female police officer lodged a complaint against him on charges of raping her.
Agra will also be one of the films to be released at the festival and is directed by Kanu Behl and stars Priyanka Bose, Mohit Agarwal, Vibha Chibber and others.
The Laskein Block Area Sports Association (LBASA) will hold a Knock Out Football Tournament for the age group 14 – 25 years (boys).
If each of us does whatever we do right and properly, we don't need to expel other ethnic groups from these hills, but they themselves will flee when they don't get jobs to survive. .
Ïooksi Youth Welfare and Moodymmai have won the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). on Thursday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The district authorities have also informed that those affected by this order should approach the office of the District Magistrate, Mawkyrwat or any relevant authority.
Earlier, the residents and Rangbah Shnongs of the area had turned up at the office of the Syiem of Mylliem to protest against the proposal to sell the land to the Assam Rifles.
He said that the withdrawal of these funds is like a war which has brought about the death toll in the country.
At the time of writing, it is true that there have been deaths, but they are Khasi Pnars or foreigners, but they are coal miners. it was created to hide all the truth.
The party leader said that the people should not be deceived by the silver coins of the candidates who come to deceive them with 5,000, 50,000 rupees and by promising so and so, but they should look and judge whom they should choose.
“The message is in the book chapters and it is also a matter mentioned in the MoU," he said.
Three persons have lost their lives in the accident.
I expect that one – “there will be Tourist Guides paid by the Seiñraij to show or guide the tourists especially foreigners from the market to Aitnar”. and the third – “traffic management – ​​as I often see every year, that the dancers also dance, the vehicles also drive. walk; which is something that the law enforcement agencies seem to ignore this ritual – I would say that, once the dance has started, no more vehicles should be allowed to drive without respect even those children of Niamtre who have Car Pass should also respect the Nongshad, should not be ashamed that they have a Car Pass”.
However, after a thorough examination, it became clear that the work done by the company of contractors, did not match at all.
“Therefore, regarding this election, we will also go to the KHADC to clarify all the facts and the main reason why they cannot oppose this election,” they said. said further.
The man was identified as Sampath who died of suicide.
Besides Bah Synran, others who have joined the Congress include elders and leaders of the HSPDP and also a prominent leader of the BJP Party from Rambrai who has joined the Congress.
BJP MP Pradan Baruah, who is currently in Delhi, has tested positive for the corona virus.
In the world, the Garo have 24 MLAs from Garo Hills alone, two from Khasi Hills, one MLA from Assam, one MP from India and one MP from Bangladesh.
"Babel is the oldest story we can find and read in the book of Genesis
The U-14 Cricket Tournament will be played with Maruti Ball, while the U-19 Cricket Tournament will be played with deuce cricket ball.
In addition, there will be a competition for 35 years and 50 years and above.
However, the law of longkha is that once a person is loved, he should not leave her at all, otherwise she has become a Jingklim.
Some prophesy, some see visions, some dream dreams.
Will the District Council refuse to issue NOC for the construction of these roads as it has refused to issue NOC for the Nongstoin-Rangblang-Umdohlun-Phlangdiloin-Ranikor road? If it does, imagine what the loss of the people of this and the next generation will be. Does the District Council exist to prevent the people from enjoying the right to travel and transportation? guardians and caregivers for the people who are still struggling to develop in all aspects.
Mawkyrwat, November 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Ranikor Circle on Tuesday held a meeting at Wahkaji village, South West Khasi Hills District. Supporters who have just joined the party in the presence of supporters from the elderly, women and also the youth of the area.
I am very sorry that the youth of Mawlai want to have their own ground where they can spend their time which will benefit them.
He said the party will meet the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma to express its feelings.
James said the reason for the emergence of insurgents in Garo Hills is because the government has not done anything.
The purpose of the meeting was to explain to the public about the forced eviction of villages in the Malangkona area, which are villages under the Hima Nonglang Sirdarship, such as Namtarabari, Balsrek, Garojan, Rangsakona, Huwapara, Salbari, Joypur Amagaon and other villages to Assam, without considering the wishes of the people.
MLAs and MDCs of the Congress party were also present on the occasion and expressed their willingness to work hard for the party to bring a glorious victory in
When inquired, the village said that Assam has been invading and setting up camps in the area since 2003 and since then, if the villagers go to the land below the camp in Umlaphiah, The Assam police have been stealing money from those who carry rice on the grounds that they have stolen from the area under Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the shooting death of four Khasi in Mukroh has caused anger among the people of the state. They killed the unarmed people in the hands of the well-armed police.
This is also the year that you have no election to the Assembly (MLA).
Later, the Minister visited Madankynsaw to inaugurate the Farmer Development Center and distributed solar dehydrators to the farmers of the village.
These 7 Trumpets are the 7 Wraths of God on this world.
Furthermore, Bah Charles asked whether there are any provisions in this soskular to protect the lands and paradoh parasnam of our people which the government has given to Assam.
Francis RR Songthiang, son of Anita Songthiang, Laitkor, Mon won the gold medal in the 60kg category. Lawankmen Nongbri, daughter of Bah Leverson Kharnando, Lawsohtun, won the gold medal in the 48kg category. Block-4 won the gold medal and Lorenza Songthiang in the 54kg category of Anita Songthiang of Laitkor, U Mon won the gold medal.
Nangbah Pohshnong scored the first goal through Lakhon Dkhar 5' and Mukhla Umlangshor scored the second goal through Treibah Sumer 70'
He said that these people who are high risk contacts should complete the quarantine even after testing negative, but they should follow the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The Covid-19 Committees have been handed over to the Covid-19 Committees to complete the quarantine and to ensure this.
This leads to widespread absconding and this will cause serious problems especially to the woman who has to support and look after the children because most of the time the man once he has fled, does not remember the children.
It is a challenge for the United Nations as UNESCO has declared 1990 as the World Year of Literacy.
“It is sad to see that Dr Mukul Sangma, the leader of the AITC, has spoken like this because to be honest, he has led the government for 8 years but he has not done anything on the border issue. When he saw that the work has progressed, he wanted to cancel the soskular because perhaps they did not participate in resolving this issue. I don't know why and what makes them say this.
Out of the 46 UDP candidates, 30 are crorepati, the All India Trinamool Congress 27 out of 56 are crorepati, 25 out of 60 Congress candidates are crorepati. BJP, 23 out of 60 candidates are Crorepati.
Up to 22 shooters took part in the tournament in singles and doubles.
Kenny has been involved in the production of Gangs of North East (2017) and AHOR (2022).
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, is deeply saddened to receive the news of the passing away of Rangbah Don Kupar Dkhar, President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, on the morning of the 15th of this month. April 15, 2023.
There is no bright nation on this earth, without its own customs, and the Khasi child from Rilang to Kupli and from Brahma to Surma cannot repay his father, the kulong. The kumah who has established the customs, from generation to generation, shall respect them and live on these foundations which have been established by their ancestors.
The union has also received many complaints against the office of the SDO Umsning sub-division, such as the recruitment of casual jobs, the promotion of casuals who have just entered skilled, semi and un-skill labour. pipe to reach the private farms and fish ponds especially on the lack of drinking water, which the union will investigate into these reasons to find out the facts.
The first teacher who helped teach was Kong Theiris Sumer without any payment but she was honored only by visiting the school once a year and there were only 7 students at that time.
The soldiers are not only the protectors from the attacks of the enemy but also the protectors of the masses when there is any serious conflict between the different ethnic groups of the country.
The meeting was attended by the Minister in charge of Culture, Tourism and DoNER G. Kishan Reddy, the Minister of State for Child Development, DoNER and Co-operation, BL Verma, Governors and Ministers. Chiefs of North Eastern States, officers of various departments of the Central Government and North Eastern States.
He said that today, the tourism department has held a meeting with the tour operators, accommodation providers and others to listen to their problems and suggestions.
In 2018, the Congress won 21 constituencies.
He said that the party president Rikman G Momin has informed that there are three candidates who have applied for ticket from Shillong seat.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the withdrawal of the case against the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) will depend on the type of case.
However, Arsene's contribution to the football industry has been equal and many of the leaders of various clubs have turned their attention to him even after he announced his retirement.
Other schools that have topped the list are Government Boys' Higher Secondary School, Jowai and Ram Krishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra.
Rijiju said the government has accepted various recommendations put forward by the Standing Committee of Law and Personnel and the minister said that the bill will clean up the corruption in the workplace. thep vote.
Some of the shopkeepers who said they agree with the government's ban on plastic but expressed their concern because there are some food items that cannot be sold only on the surface. They said that if plastic is banned, the government should introduce other types of plastic bags.
"I don't know how they are... I don't see them anymore and I don't meet them anymore since I don't shop anymore..." asked Kong Mer. Rida" They were surprised...I didn't think you were looking for me..." Kong Mer said again. "Yes, they were surprised... But Khun Kha was very happy. I've never seen you..." Niakha told Rida.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has expressed its gratitude to the people of Shillong for their support to the party across the state.
Congratulating the victory in the 3rd Meghalaya Games, the Minister said, “As we have congratulated each other on this wonderful Games, I would also like to express my gratitude to all those who have taken part in the organization. The Meghalaya Games were held in Tura.
According to reports, in fact, the Government has already investigated and received a figure showing that there are about 27,000 students attending schools between Laitumkhrah and Dhankheti, and about 60 from 100 (60%) children use private vehicles to get to school and after school to go home.
This is the lowest figure in the past 88 days of the corona virus.
Finally, the union urges the relevant authorities to take action on this issue, so that there will be no discrimination in the payment of taxes to the government and if there are any trucks carrying over the border. they should not be overlooked, he added.
“Doesn't the government have other officers who can take over this post or is there something behind the extension of the retirement of the Chief Secretary?” said the statement.
He said that the Khasi language in literature has also grown but the ability to love and speak one's own language is sad.
The next morning, as usual, she went to Kongthei Daplin's house.
The decision was taken after a meeting convened by the Minister of Agriculture, Ashraf Ali Khan Khasru, today.
“The MMDC will be necessary after the government implements the Mining Policy.
The first phase is the construction of the Administrative City at Mawdiangdiang and the second phase is the construction of the Knowledge City at Mawkhanu which is currently under discussion.
Shillong: While protests have been going on across the state regarding the high price of petrol and diesel in the state which has affected the drivers of commercial vehicles and the public as well, private drivers who took advantage of profit.
There are 370 candidates including 32 women this time.
The Bible is a sword to bind the heart of stone:Jeremiah 23:2
Shillong, March 14: Two students have been arrested today for allegedly smuggling marijuana.
The fair was also attended by representatives of various government departments of the district, such as the Superintendent of Fisheries, EJHD, Block Development Officer, Wapung C&RD Block, Wapung C&RD Block, Wapung C&RD Block, District Horticulture Officer and a stall set up by the Meghalaya Rural Bank for the opening of bank accounts.
Police have arrested him and registered a case against him and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong: CA Akshat Saraogi of the Upper Shillong Petrol Pump Service Station has denied the suspicion that there is a contamination of diesel fuel in the Upper Shillong Petrol Pump Service Station. He said that the Petrol Pump has been providing services for more than 65 years and the Petrol Pump has been providing the best service to the people and has also tried to improve its services. saddened by the news.
Be strong so that you can be a help in times of need in the future.
This has shocked the MDA government which has already made a public announcement to upgrade Mairang to a district before Independence Day this year.
It was the right time and place for him to leave the throne in heaven and come down to earth to know himself and experience himself in the form of humanity because he was born in flesh.
On the other hand, the Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) has demanded that the central government should release Meghalaya from the implementation of the border agreement.
On the other hand, the Seng said that it does not interfere with the work of anyone or to harass anyone in the PHC but its inspection is to find out the truth and to understand the problems of the workers. The Seng also requests the authorities, the Government and also the leaders to address the needs of the PHC, in order to improve its service delivery.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U Chief Minister of Manipur, N. Biren Singh on Tuesday ordered the Deputy Commissioner of Tamenglong District to crack down on the Bengalis who have crossed the border and entered the area. The Khasi have three villages.
The arrested include 7 from the BJP and 11 from the TMC. The 18 arrested from the TMC and BJP include Bartho Ch.
On Saturday of this month, there was a stir among the people regarding the price of milk, where it was learned that in some places the people were rushing to buy milk for fear of rising prices. This has also happened in the Upper Shillong area where the people have rushed to the shops to buy milk.
“Furthermore, speaking on the pay commission when there is a salary increase for government employees, the Minister said, “There should be a basis whenever they increase the salary.
The FOCUSS has not been issued before 8th November but the RTI applicant expressed surprise that the CEMu has replied that the expenditure from 25th July, 2015 to 27th July, 2015 is due to the It may be recalled that according to a statement sent to the media by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM, on the 26th of this month, the CEM together with the EM went to discuss the budget. He met with the Congress leader in charge of Meghalaya at that time, V. Narayanasamy to talk to him about the Village Administration Bill (VAB) which is pending in the state government. Narayanasamy will assist the Council by directing the state government to send it to the Governor for approval and it will become law.
Urban services have developed significantly in various fields such as tracking crime, citizen safety, traffic management, waste management, water supply and disaster management among other activities.100 Smart Cities have implemented various projects related to transportation, electricity, water, sanitation, attractive public spaces , social infrastructure, Government services and so on.
On other unrepresented tribes, the District Councils and Seng Bhalang have jointly opposed that others, even those who come to represent the Hajong, Rabha, Koch and Bodo tribes, should not be allowed to become leaders. they demanded that they be given a share.
The selection committee of the NE Zonal was held in Guwahati on the 4th of this month.
What needs to be done to further develop tourism in the state is to improve and expand the roads and bridges of the state, especially in the rural areas.
Therefore, the case has been scheduled for hearing again after two months,” said the court.
On the other hand, the GHADC has not been able to pay the salaries of its employees for three years.
NPP UDP. If you don't agree, it's better not to thnum anymore.
These three children drowned in the Kupli River while they were going to sum their children.
He said that the department will provide Super SMS, Happy Seeder, rice seedlings and all the equipment related to agriculture or those used in harvesting rice and harvesting crops.
The child died shortly after being hit by a tree,” said Bah Kharkrang.
“Do you know who allowed him to shop here in the market?” he asked.
On the other hand, Rohan Yadav (2 overs: tied for 16 runs: 1 wicket) and Sonu Prasad (4 overs: tied for 17 runs: 1 wicket) played well. but it wasn’t enough for the team to claim the victory.
This Article does not provide for the special recognition of any language by law or by the Constitution of the country.
The end of the way of mercy for the Gentiles is near.
Of the 34, five were children, including an 8-year-old girl who was the youngest of the deceased.
The two matches, one between Mukhaialong vs Wahiajer NYSSC and the other between Tpepswer vs Rangad, ended in a draw in the First Division round played by the EJHDFA at Diengshynrum. it's Friday.
For College and University students, the 1st Prize will be 15,000.00 with books and a Special Certificate, and the 2nd Prize will be 12,000.00 with books and a Special Certificate.
The opening ceremony was also attended by CE PWD (R) Shillong Central Division Bah C. Kharmudai, EE Phrangky Dhar, SE PWD Building Bah Dawhoi Langstang.
Khliehriat Jymmang 25: The contractors of the Public Work Department (PWD) have completed the repair of the Jowai By Pass road from November to June. The EJHD Muktiar, Bah Kynjaimon Amse, has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District expressing the condition of the road.
He said that the Sports Department will work with all stakeholders to ensure that the construction of the project will be completed on time and that the youth of Tura will be able to use the stadium.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : The Minister of Transport, Dasakhiat Lamare, on Tuesday said that the department is still improving the rules and guidelines for those youths who drive and operate motorcycles and scooties through Rapido.
These foreigners are from Assam and were deported because they did not have Work Permits.
The present Umden Lapateng has been turned into a rice field.
How dare you demand even money from these families to build their houses on a plot of 2000sqft"
You cannot say that you cannot carry anything on the National Highway but only if the National Highways are closed it can be different,” he added.
Arun Kumar Kembhavi, speaking to reporters, said that the turnout has reached 80.75 percent, ie 5927 out of 6773 voters.
This has disadvantaged the Council, as the coal trucks do not carry only 9 tonnes of coal and at the time of issuing this order it may be that in the past there were no vehicles that could carry that much. However, now the vehicles are able to carry more than 9 tonnes and this will cost the council.
In its 12th report, Justice (Retd) BP Katakey said, “The Committee has recommended to auction all the coal that has been recounted by the CIL by 31/3/2 The time was earlier due to the non-completion of the coal from the mines to the depots.
However, one day an Auto Rickshaw driver went to talk to him because he saw that he used to sit in the same place every day in Sector 5 Salt Lake. .
He expressed his regret that in the list of 200 universities in the world, not a single one will enter from India.
The Seinraij Mynso has been preparing to perform this ritual to ward off evil and to thank the gods and goddesses for health and prosperity.
I can't understand what's happening,Is the law can't understand its own law(mean 02 vs 02).
Most of those who try to play with cars and two wheelers go farther away from Shillong.
Members of the group in an interview with the media expressed their deep sorrow over the loss of Swinny and said that his sudden death is a great loss to Saliva.
The KSU WJHDU also urges the Meghalaya government to take action on this issue as it shows that despite the border settlement between the two states, Assam is still owning the Khasi villages everywhere. and the bags were not on the border.
Superintendent of Police (City) SA Rynjah, who conducted the investigation after receiving a complaint from the MPSC Secretary, WAM Booth, said yesterday.
Shillong: The Union of Second Hand Jain Vendors at Khasi Market under the leadership of Sheba Marlin Nongbet, President, has been dismissed. They went to the Municipal Department and sent them to sell clothes for a while at the parking lot in Garikhana.
“I have to contest against the Minister of State in the 2023 elections so I have to have a better party to reach my goal,” he said. now it is the turn of the village owner to lead as the leader of the area.
Since 2018 until today, the MDA government has even claimed in court that there is coal mining and smuggling.
The following are some of the ways to protect this beloved Mother Earth :i) We must love the earth from the bottom of our hearts and not to pollute the earth or the rivers or the trees. sieve.
Nongbri said that in 2016, the village received the Electoral Roll in the full name of Mawlum-Nginiong and the residents of the village also received the Epic. ) in the same village name but in 2017 the name of the village has disappeared and they have been incorporated into Mawlumramkdait.
Cold sores are more likely to stay on the scalp and are more severe if the scalp is in a cool state.
He said that Assam and Meghalaya had also signed a soskular to resolve the border issue in October this year and the first phase of 6 out of 12 disputed areas has already been resolved. sign the soskular before the Minister of Home Affairs.
AAP leader and Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Singh has been arrested by the Enforcement Directorate on charges of involvement in an incident involving a strike at the Excise Department on Tuesday. The political differences between the BJP and the opposition parties have been exacerbated.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 7,2
The court has granted them bail on pre-arrest bail or interim bail.
In Ïalong, the Voluntary Organization (VO) of Ïalong Village which includes 29 Self Help Groups (SHGs) in the village celebrated the World Environment Day by cleaning the streets of the village.
“We have received more than 30,000 applications for CM-Elevate within two months.
“The Governor has confirmed that the Bill will be examined by the government before reaching his hands for the final decision,” Carmel told reporters after meeting with the Governor on Monday.
Shangpung Lumiawmushai beat Mynthong 3-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
Barla visited the dewbilat factory before leaving for Nongthymmai village in Mawsmai district to campaign for the BJP candidate Arena Hynniewta from Shella Constituency.
This will be attempted in this budget.
“I don't know,” said Rangsan.
Referring to the TMC, he said they will discuss with the President any issues related to the party and take a decision together.
According to the Under Secretary, the High Court has directed the state government to install CCTV cameras in all places to assist anyone who has been treated unfairly.
Because if many policemen have been able to divide the people to do their own jobs, we can no longer rely on the same ones.
However, he was replaced by NPP candidate Abdus Saleh.
“When asked about the demand of the Synjuk Waheh Chnong for 20 per cent reservation for Jaintia, the two leaders declined to comment on this. said that could be discussed after the policy was reviewed.
Speaking to reporters, Bah AL Hek said that besides the road, the group has also requested the government to provide electricity for the visit of the Presbytery.
“Ka seng will send a complaint against the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Patarim for violating the law and misusing his powers to the EM of the Elaka, the Syiem of Raid Mawbuh and to the Umsning Town Durbar” At the same time, the HNYF urges all the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-bhoi District not to sell their longrynieng and their village at a high price. The seal of the Constitution of the People of Hynniew Trep to the foreign authorities, so that the people of our country may live in peace in the country.
The manifesto “The People's Document, Vision 2023-28 is not only about the vision of this government but also about jobs and social development in the state.
The BRO said the work started on October 11 and was completed on October 15, 2021, which was only five days, instead of 15 days, according to a report. published in India Today.
He urged them to have love and unity so that the community can move forward.
Miss R.Blah, Sd.
Both the teams missed many chances to score goals until the end of the first half.
The All Assam Students Union (AASU) has said that it will not allow even an inch of Assam's territory to go to Nagaland.
Another tragic incident happened this morning at Tiehsaw, Nongstoin when a vehicle was swept away by the water.
He said that the gathering on this day is also a memorial to the 16 leaders who founded the Seng Khasi to awaken the nation from danger.
Police together with the MSGPHVA have conducted a search from Garikhana to Khyndai Lad to find places for vendors to sell their goods in the city. Shillong.
Through the support of these two MDCs, the number of members of the EC, headed by Bah Latiplang, has now reached
“The reason why we have not received the remaining money is because the office of the DI Nongstoin West Khasi Hills has ordered us the MC to demolish the school building. The state government has not registered a case, but has sent a report to the school building. The government of Assam,” said Bah Nongsiej.
Gakpo scored the first goal in the 26th minute of the first half through a ball passed by Klaassen.
Before handing over these gifts, a short meeting was held where they were welcomed by the Chairman Shnong Kwit Khyrwang in the presence of Rangbah, longkmie and children.
The food shop was opened to the public on 2nd November 2023 and the food shop offers a variety of food items.
He said the complaints were due to the complaints of the people about the market, the complaints from the Rangbah Shnong and others which he said he did not want to disclose.
Tura: The Sengbhalang of Garo Hills, on Tuesday, met with the Chief Minister of Tura, Conrad Sangma and demanded that the Legislative Assembly should be held in Tura. period.
After Bah Pynshngaiñ, Bah HS Shylla and at that time the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also came to hold a meeting in Sohsaw.
"That woman ran away.
Khliehriat, Nailur 8 : The Dorbar Shnong Tongseng Narpuh, East Jaintia Hills District, today held a rally in the village with the participation of all the villagers and members of the Sengbhalang. Ramesh Dkhar, who was involved in the murder of two tourist taxi drivers and a woman in Tongseng village in October, has been arrested. year 2020.
They have milked many of the clean places where they used to play and hold markets since ancient times while now they are on the other side of the border with Bangladesh.
The roads themselves are the unlock key to accelerate traffic and transportation and the ones that accelerate the economy.
In the shooting, the armed men damaged Singh's residence and a pharmacy.
The High Court may make such orders or directions as may be necessary for the smooth conduct of the proceedings in such cases.
Why doesn't the light of the house go out? I'm sorry for those little ones.
Kim, who weighs 127 kilograms, is a man who has been addicted to alcohol, drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes. because you are also a patient with diabetes.
With this victory, Ri-Bhoi will have to wait for one of the teams to win the second semi final between Shillong Cricket Association Group-B) and Tura DCA (Zone 2).
In this incident, no one was injured.
“The amended VAB is like giving way to foreigners and threatening the indigenous people, we condemn the PDF for their irresponsibility to the people,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin, General Secretary of the HYC. He said that the KHADC and the state government have acknowledged that sub section 16 of section 5 is in conflict with the existing laws. India said the government and district councils can pass laws to protect their people from the infiltration of mynder.
The three states with the highest number of cases are Maharashtra with 42,582, Kerala with 39,955, Karnataka with 35,297, Tamil Nadu with 30,621 and Andhra Pradesh with 22,3 .
It may be recalled that four months ago, Beth and her friends had visited Lum Khasi to see the beautiful rivers, valleys and hills of this area but without While she was trying to climb with her friends at Wah Umngi (Phlang Wanbroi), she disappeared without returning and her body has not been found yet.
Shaniahskhem Dkhar, said that as the youth of East Jaintia Hills, they are happy and proud that Halen Nongtdu has brought the title of the district as a whole. I wish him a healthy body and encourage him to move forward.
The son of former Qatari Supreme Leader Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani has this time sent a final offer by providing the necessary documents for the purchase. Manchester United have joined London football club Manchester United.
Jowai, Naitung 19: The Behdeinkhlam festival of the Sein Raij Jowai which started on Friday has ended on Sunday amidst the heat and rain. white.
All four MLAs, Ardent Basaiawmoit, Adelbert Nongrum, Brightstarwell Marbaniang and Heaving Stone Kharpran will carry the letter.
Besides these Congress MLAs, the Government has also appointed former MLAs Limison D Sangma and Billykid A Sangma as Co-Chairmen of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) and Dr Raju Azad as a member of the MSPB. Seeing the speeches and statements of the Seng Riewlum leaders in recent days that the people should allow them (Seng Riewlum) to lead the government, the leaders of the National Parties who did not want to be named have threatened to A former Congress MLA said that since Meghalaya got its own state, the people have elected the Seng Riewlum. and allow them to lead the government, but every time they have the opportunity they have failed or have not been able to lead the government.
When asked whether the post office has explained about the loss of money, he said that during his meeting with the post master of the post office, Bah B.Mawlieh, He said that the money has been lost since June 2017, when the former post master S.Kharbudnah and Mawlieh were still alive. They lodged a complaint with the higher authorities of the office, the Senior Superintendent, who did the same.
Assam Police in Udalguri district on the 2nd of this month said that they have seized a large quantity of ammunition from a village in Udalguri area.
Khasi artist and tyngshop from TMPros, Wanjop 'Vincz', who played the role of her true friend, took part in the song.
He said that the Forum has explained to the public that it is the only forum that has worked hard to ensure the release of the coal that has been mined for four months, but it has published news to expresses its gratitude to the Supreme Court for its compassion and congratulates the lawyers of the Forum who took part in the hearing held on 21st November 2017, at the Supreme Court, New Delhi.
Urging the MD to take action on the issue of the factory, the Seng Kynthei said that this area is not a place where people can work in other jobs without thinking. , as most of the people here depend on the availability of coal and ore to their economy.
All the rules and regulations have been explained in this Sanad which was issued today.
The Congress party gathered at the MUDA Market Complex in Nongpoh and through the rally, it was seen that almost all the leading leaders of the Congress party, including the district leaders, were present. Youth Congress Committee and Ri Bhoi Women's Congress Committee as well.
At 2 pm, the crowd started to get angry because they didn't get tickets anymore and they stood at the gate of Bijou Gate waiting to get tickets.
Conrad said that Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem is well educated and has a goal to work for the people.
The seizure took place at the border area of ​​Barmanbari village in East Khasi Hills District, where the sarees were recovered from an unused house near the border with Bangladesh.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State in charge of Arts and Culture, was the Chief Guest.
She said that in the 15 years that Bah Pala has been MP, she alone feels like a Panah.
Guwahati: An Assam Civil Service officer has been arrested today for being too rich.
Gogoi had earlier said that if the Congress loses in Assam, he would resign from his post.
He said that after receiving this complaint, an inspection was conducted by the authorities in charge of the village to find out the truth about the situation through the village leaders.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Prestone Tynsong has directed the Director General of Police (DGP) to ensure peace and order during the campaign. election of political parties for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 19th of this month.
“All these years, the MLAs and the government have not had time to think and talk to the people to make laws and protect the environment because they have coal mines and they are afraid of being affected,” said the CEM. He said that these MLAs and governments have stopped thinking only to make money for themselves and leave behind the nation.
The management of the school, including the Syiem of Maharam, handed over the demands to Prof. RC Laloo and Bah Rowell and also to the DC SWKH. mat.
“The rice has been released by the Indian government, but now all the schools are closed and when the department claims that it belongs to them, the question arises where they use the rice,” he added.
“The Minister has promised to implement these demands,” said the President of the Disabled People's Association.
“I don't want anyone who is still under the custody of the CBI, when anyone has a lot of things, they can say even what they didn't intend.
At least 30 people have been injured and killed in a fire at an oil refinery in Benin near the Nigerian border on Saturday. died on the spot that day.
The Israeli army said the attack was only an attempt by Israeli security forces to curb terrorist attacks in the area.
Therefore, I request the State Government to ensure that the Sixth Schedule has its own secret powers.
Pynursla: The PDF Zonal Committee of Pynursla Constituency has suspended the MDC of Nongshken Constituency, Grace Mary Kharpuri for one year without any consultation with the party leaders. there is a constituency.
Morning said that during the second meeting, there was also one time when Ardent M Basaiawmoit offered to resign from the post, but it was the UDP that did not. “The letter they sent expressing their concerns that the CEM has passed away from them was rejected at the ARPA meeting,” he said. Mawsor said the UDP has withdrawn its complaints to the CEM and has been at peace.
“At another time we will look into those who clean the streets and alleys as well as those who work in private homes known as domestic workers and we will talk to them. “It's a good idea to have a good relationship with their association,” said Bah Shullai.
Shillong: The Congress party has appointed some party leaders to speak on the issue of nomination, Bobeeta Sharma, National Media Coordinator of the AICC, today said. Rahul Gandhi's election as a member of the Lok Sabha, which is one of the issues that has shocked the whole of India.
You see that many families respect the father who gave the seed and also respect the Meikha pakha.
Shillong: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, has arrived in Shillong today.
During the rally, they shouted to condemn the Governor for the delay in signing the MRSSA ordinance and also condemned the Union Home Minister Amit Shah for not signing the MRSSA ordinance. The CAB has been introduced in the Legislative Assembly.
He said that in the meeting with the Minister of State, he said that the reason for the delay was because the site could not be decided yet, but after the discussion, the Minister promised that it would be opened soon. I'm not sure what to do this year.
In fact, the PHE department had set another target to complete the scheme by October 2013 but this target too has ended in failure.
In another raid, BSF from the 43rd Battalion of BSF Meghalaya in collaboration with the State Police have seized a vehicle near Rongra in the border areas with a large quantity of sugarcane. They entered Bangladesh through the border area of ​​South Garo Hills.
Shillong: Sawmer and Rangdajied United FC drew 1-0 in the second leg of the Shillong Premier League at the JN Stadium Polo on Saturday.
Otherwise, the Seng for the benefit of the people will have to take other strong measures to force the completion of this road.
The five boxers include Willson L. Nonglait (51 kg), Kapil Burman (54 kg), Biangbok Umbah (57 kg), Benjamin Nongrum (63.5 kg) and Precius. Makri (67 Kg) and Rikynti Marwein, the only woman to represent Ri Bhoi District, will represent Ri Bhoi District in the Meghalaya Games. They are under the jurisdiction of the Ri Bhoi District Boxing Association and the Nongpoh Boxing Club.
Bring Dkhar (92) and Arun Dkhar (102) scored the two goals for Khliehmyntriang.
Elizabeth alleged that while she was walking in the field, a commercial taxi suddenly stopped and Rosita was inside the vehicle and called her to enter the vehicle without allowing her husband to When she entered, she took her back to her house in Mawlai Nonglum and forced her to sign a document without any writing.
When asked whether the government will proceed with the border reconciliation in the first phase, he said that in the second phase there will be differences from all sides, but it will have to proceed from the for the sake of the peace and order of the people on the border.
It is to be recalled that the district authorities and police of East Jaintia Hills District have already imposed a curfew and urged the passengers to be vigilant and drive carefully when passing through the national road. Highway 6, East Jaintia Hills District, because it is not clear when the landslide may have occurred due to the heavy rainfall.
One of them is the festival of Lupercalia - this is a festival of the Roman Empire and historians explain that Valentine's Day has the symbols of Lupercalia.
It is learned that at the same place, he will draw a picture of a heart, after his girlfriend has accepted his proposal.
The incident happened on Friday night at about 10:30 pm at Tengabari, a remote area between Aradongnga and Tynghor villages. car in the area.
Our people no longer believe in hard work, that work culture no longer exists in our people (Greek= σκληρή δουλειά) they believe in fate. Lucky Draw.
And whosoever shall destroy him, God shall destroy him.
If the above mentioned shops are found still open after that date, they will be subject to punishment under the Meghalaya Epidemic Disease Regulation,
When asked where he will go or which party he will join, he said, “They asked me how many people will come from the Congress. I don't know where I'm going, I don't know anyone, I want no one to hold my hand when I work, I've worn the shoes of poverty and only those who wear them understand the prek. I want to serve the people when they say don't serve I don't agree even in bed I will continue my service, whoever agrees with me I will go there and they can come with me.
“In the past few years, there were no foreign land vendors but now in the city there are only foreign land vendors all over the place, who are new every day,” said Saleng.
The no-confidence motion against the Modi government has been defeated in the power struggle.
“If the Assam Government does not agree to return Block-1 to Meghalaya, the Prime Minister should not sign any MOU on the border settlement. .
According to the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Bah Miwel Shadap, the people of the Raid want to stay in Meghalaya.
SHILLONG: Rebecca Kharmujai, daughter of former MLA and MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah DR Nongkynrih, has filed her nomination papers to contest the MDC election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. (KHADC) will be held on Monday, 27th June.
“What I like is that it seems like they’re almost done with that.
Communication shall always be with the mutual consent of both parties.
These days there are wars, famines, pestilences, earthquakes everywhere.
“We strongly condemn the appointment of foreign workers without permits from the KHADC. What is the point of becoming an MLA/MDC if we don't respect the laws? said the young man Lumlang.
Shillong: Madanriting and Umsohsun beat Umroh SC 5-3 in the 4th Division of the SSA today.
In the men's singles, Lee Yun Gyu easily lost to Shi Yuqi.
In another development, the residents of Wahkhen village, once again expressed their dissatisfaction with the Pomblang festival of the Hima Khyrim to be held on the 13th and 14th of November. 2013, at Smith.
The Minister's misconduct towards the health of the residents especially the residents of Mawlai, where the outbreak of iwtung from Marten has increased since 2003-04, has been revealed. They have spread to different parts of Mawlai, such as Mawiong, Nongkwar, Kynton Massar, NEHU, Nongpdeng, Umjaiur and so on.
The ceremony will be held at 4:00 pm at Vallabhai Patel LP School, Iawmusiang, Jowai.
“When you say foreigners, you mean the Dkhars, not the Khasi, and in Ribhoi to say there are no foreigners is wrong, because Ribhoi has attracted many people and these things are wrong. and as enlightened people should not say that," he added.
At present, the airport carries only 15 passengers to Calcutta, but if the construction of the airport is completed soon, there will be heavy aircraft. “It can carry up to 70 passengers and will reach Delhi, which will also be a great blessing to the state, after 42 years, that it has got its own full state,” he added. HDR Priest.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Mukul said the government has a target to provide employment to 3 million people in the state by creating various programs and opportunities from the state. to provide employment opportunities to the people during this time of unemployment.
Acknowledging that the UCC should respect and preserve the customs and traditions of the various ethnic groups as enshrined in Article 29 of the Constitution, the Congress leader said that instead of setting targets To promote unity is also to set the goal of preserving the diversity of customs and traditions of the citizens of the country which is an important part of the unity of the country.
The speakers explained the causes of the spread of HIV-AIDS and also explained the precautionary measures to avoid the spread of HIV-AIDS, urging, that the public should not discriminate against those who are HIV positive but should encourage them to go for treatment at health centres.
There was no casualty in this incident except for the loss of all the property including rice, wheat and other valuables.
The throne on which Jesus will sit is the Great White Throne.
“And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it” (Genesis 2:15). to judge and administer the affairs of employment, agriculture, trade and society.
He also declined to comment on the launch of the Campaign for Change by Bah Pynshngain, saying, “This campaign has no direction.
Shillong: U Bah Kynsai Edward Syndor, on the 5th of this month, has lodged a complaint against the theft of money from his account seven times, worth T.31,7 Your account is with the State Bank of India.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that no arrangements have been made for him to leave for Delhi.
The General Secretary of the MTC Workers Union, Bah K Rumnong, said that this year too, they have worked without salary for three months from November to November.
The Diocese of Jowai has expressed its gratitude to God who by His grace and blessing has consecrated Rt.
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today confirmed that there are SARI cases from HG Roberts Hospital and Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills. Hills and also from Amlarem; They were tested positive for Covid-19 by RTPCR, but later, when they were tested by Rapid Antigen and RTPCR, they did not test positive. don't worry anymore.
Shillong, July 19: The State Government has decided to provide assistance to those who have suffered crime.
Brazil, who beat Bolivia 5-1 at home on Thursday, earned six points along with Argentina to move up to the top of the South American tournament. .
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has warned that no one can force the closure of shops and if found, they will be punished.
At 2:30 a.m. on Thursday, the storm hit about 100 kilometers per hour.
“Of course we need schemes and development works, the state government has to look after that, and the District Council as it is now is working with the state government,” he said.
Children no longer feel useful to go to school when teachers do not have the responsibility and knowledge to explain the lessons in a way that the children can understand.
Speaking at the programme, Dr. BC Deka, Vice Chancellor, Assam Agricultural University, Assam, said that this is not enough for agricultural scientists to publish their findings in their publications. newspapers and magazines.
Pyniaid Shadap (45) and Firstborn Talang (53) scored the goals.
The HYC leaders, have expressed their deep sorrow over the receipt of foodgrains by the students of the school, saying that this has been an insult to the students, because they The people in charge of the distribution of the foodgrains to the school children did not check carefully before distributing the foodgrains to the schools.
Shortly before the start of the check up, speeches were delivered by the Chairman of Joannes JTL Lamare, Dr.V. Surong who explained the importance of the eye and its treatment as well as the nutrients. They also promised that the needs after examining the eyes of the patients will be met free of charge.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Students who want to continue their studies in Degree Courses after passing Class 12 have to decide whether they will have to take the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) because of the The Central Government has not yet issued a letter releasing Meghalaya from the examination.
Speaking to media, HANM and MPSO leaders strongly condemned the incident and said that the Assam government authorities have been trying to destroy the area. speak one thing, but do not do another.
Although the police have said that they still have to verify whether it is true that the GNLA will resurface, we have to hope that it will be wrong because no one wants to hear about it. once the sound of gunfire and the explosion of bombs and the death toll.
The Dolloi of Darrang District, Ma Pyrwa Lymba and the Secretary of the District, Ma KM Ryngksai on Friday met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes at Garod LSN Dykes. to express their strong opposition to the decision of the State Government to improve and clean the road passing through Dawki PHC in Bakur village Dawki West Jaintia Hills District.
The Advocate-General said the request of the three men for bail could not be accepted as Section 43D(4) of the UAP Act, 1967 prohibits it.
So that friend of yours left.
The application for a new certificate by Bah Krally Iawphniaw Sordar Mawsaw, although the term has not yet expired, is on the grounds that the village, after understanding that the Iawphniaw Bistor has caused many problems as the Secretary of the Village, has removed the Iawphniaw Bistor. as the secretary of the village, but it was the syiem who wanted to appoint and appoint the secretary of the village by force against the Iawphniaw Bistoran and did not listen to the decision of the people of Mawsaw.
Although the website is also in English, the public can write about their shops and businesses in Khasi, Pnar and Garo according to their wishes.
This Lum Nongbah is indeed beautiful and can attract tourists if the leaders of the Raid take action to prepare and provide the necessary facilities to attract tourists.
However, others alleged that at the time of the incident they did not see the Principal and the owner of the school to be at the place. to leave the house, but I fled the scene that morning in my car to another safer place,” said Patrick.
In the second half, Sakini Dkhar (84) scored again for Newhill.
According to earlier discussions with Bah Hoping, it is understood that he has the intention to reconcile and rebuild the conflict within the party, to restore unity within the party.
It is worth mentioning that such an incident happened in a village under Mawthadraishan Block where many families in the village did not want to be registered to benefit from this scheme due to the fear of this 666 which is just superstition.
During the hearing, on 19th July 2018, the Jowai Municipal Board, reported on the condition of the villages in the city of Jowai and also on the cleaning of the Wah Myntdu.
they run away after that.
The other two teams, TeamIND and Indian Tigers, who came second and third from India, have their matches on 20th November and have no chance of reaching Germany. They can play from India through the PUBG office in Nodwin and they also need to get a higher ping, as they will play on a European server.
Many times it is said that “Ka Shyieng Krung” in human beings, some say that it is not “Shyieng Krung”.
The new cases include EGH: 2, EKH: 34, NGH: 1, RBD: 3, and WKH:
The next morning, his brother, Assh Bahadur Limbu, went down to visit the crematorium but suddenly the incident happened and he could not get out of the crematorium.
“We should not be communal or discriminate between Khasi and Garo by saying that a Garo should not be the Chief Minister but a Khasi should be.
The UDP is the party that doesn't support the Khasi people. Remember that in 2018, the Khasi people should have been the CM but the UDP has banned the Garo MP from becoming the CM. The Khasi spirit is not long.
It has not paid the PWD Bills to the Contractors of more than Rs.500 crore.
If something unfortunate happens, will these khar die madan be responsible? The KHADC in this regard has done the right thing and should not allow any more khar die madan because they are just polluting the area. you are on the road.
Barding Dress.
Besides these grounds, the Longkmie and the youth of Tynring said that the Sordar of the Raid has not held a dorbar for more than four years and the last dorbar he has held since he was elected. in 2009 and on the 19th of November,
“They will choose the names from these, or they can choose others, because the big parties are like that,” said Ma Shibun, giving an example of what the Congress party has done. Mukul Sangma, who has not applied for ticket, to contest from Tura and Ma Vincent to contest from Shillong.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a requirement on all depositors to withdraw only T.50,000 per withdrawal. This will be valid until 3rd June
Most of the deficit teachers who have retired are still receiving the same amount as it was given 15/16 years ago.
Although the team lost in the final against Karnataka 3-2, they managed to set a new record for the state which made everyone happy and proud especially the that 'riew loves football.
Therefore, if the Central Government approves, one of the MDC constituencies will be created from this constituency.
Food outlets from shops to restaurants are busy to distribute and serve food to visitors such as shops in Mylliem area and so on.
Regarding the election campaign, the party will suggest that only one candidate and four followers will be allowed to enter any village or village where the meeting will be held. The four followers shall be able to explain their position to the residents of the village or village where the meeting is held.
Pooja Batra confirmed that she had married Nawab Shah and Shah, speaking to the media, said that once they first met, he wanted to marry Batra.
This step taken by the organizations may be the best opportunity for the government to clarify the rules and regulations for the empty camp because by doing so, the residents will get information. Furthermore, these are the dangers or fears that may affect the residents later on when the market has run well.
Thomas.
She also explained how to send these samples for testing to the nearest Primary Health Centers (PHCs) or Community Health Centers (CHCs) and how to send them to hospitals.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday confirmed that the two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and the party as a whole have decided to contest the elections. merge with the NPP on the 6th of this month.
The Khasi community will once again witness the decline of the Khasi language especially when the RTI reply received from the MBoSE Office shows that the students who take the Khasi subject (MIL) in class 12 The Khasi language has been declining steadily in recent years despite the state's efforts to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
US defense officials said China's refusal was just an excuse to avoid talks.
Thabah said that since the issuance of this order by the KHADC, the Dorbar Shnong has not issued any Residential Certificate especially in relation to the Permanent Residential Certificate or Domicile Certificate for foreigners. who have lived for at least 12 years.
Other speakers at the meeting were Rangbah Shnong Bah B Khonglah, Chairman of the Interim Managing Committee Bah W Pasi and Kong L Khongwar, Block Mission Coordinator, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Mawpat CRC. The power struggle between the ruling ARPA and the opposition KHUDA will be held tomorrow in the KHADC. In fact, the No Confidence Motion was scheduled to be tabled today, but because the The Chairperson of the House, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, has fixed a meeting tomorrow after the opposition has raised the issue.
He said Venus is one of ISRO's goals. "India has always shown that space is not a limit," he said, referring to the Gaganyaan Mission. India is ready to send humans into space.
“On this occasion, the KSU Nongthymmai Circle strongly condemns the incident and has met with the officer incharge of Rynjah Police Station to urge the law enforcement agencies to take action. They should be punished severely so that such an incident will not happen again in the future to others especially women and children when they go out to go outside.
When asked, Sangma said that if there is a status quo, the government will fight against it.
The Gospel of Love that Jesus preached demanded righteous rule and justice, while the Sadducees, Pharisees, religious leaders and scribes conspired with the Roman rulers to deceive and take advantage of the inhabitants of the city.
Because of the large number of candidates, the Election Commission has to install up to 12 EVMs in each polling station.
The Khasi people in Meghalaya are not as rich or prosperous as the Khasi people in Meghalaya.
“The PM CARES for Children is a small attempt to alleviate the suffering of the children affected by Corona who have lost their parents. they.
He said that there are 46 blocks in the State and 6 blocks have already been called for tender for the construction of offices at a cost of Rs 2.5 crore.
“I would like to thank the Government of Meghalaya and the Indian Army.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 13: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM), Nongpoh Zone on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issues related to the welfare and development of the society. On Saturday, she distributed blankets to the children at the Ri Bhoi Synod Shelter, Mawsyntai.
Two Khasi girls at the reception sent him outside and apologized so that nothing would happen and he agreed and went outside to talk to them.
A balanced current account allows policymakers to make decisions without worrying about the impact on the country's currency.
In addition, T.10,000/ and T.15,000/ will be allocated for funeral expenses and medical expenses.
Furthermore, the rich have used solar panels which cost between 400,000 and 50,000 tyngka, which if there is no electricity, they will not be able to use them for months.
Shillong, July 16: As the election period for the elections approaches, it has been seen that the election of one party has been happening every day.
Earlier, the Minister said that the FOCUSS is the first scheme in the state and the North East to support farmers. get 5000 rupees.
The FBI is still searching for the families of these people to identify those who have been recovered from the bodies.
The team wanted to know in what capacity this appointed person would be able to do something as a COE, where he did not assume there was enough expertise in this field.
On the occasion of World Water Day, 22nd October 2023, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said that in the budget he will present on 23rd October, The funds have been allocated for various projects related to the conservation of drinking water, and this will be the top priority of the government.
You can also become a flight steward/airhostess.
He said that the Council should be involved in the collection of tax gates for underground goods.
The union therefore demands that the government should immediately lift the curfew in Shillong and also lift the internet ban in three districts, West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ri. Bhoi, because this affects the people who have nothing to do with wrongdoing and all the incidents happened only because of the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew which has angered and condemned the people for the crime. authority of the State Police, he added.
He said that it is true that the tourism industry will be affected by the ILP because there will be restrictions but it is not appropriate to discuss or link these two areas.
Chan Kun also resigned from his company in 2019 to prepare himself for this difficult journey.
From Mawdet to Langpih, if you pass through Mawkhiat, Rynñiaw to Langpih, the distance is only about 30 kilometers.
All non-govt/deficit teachers from primary to HR sec level are directed to wear the flag when attending various meetings, whether they are within their own schools or especially. “It is also a good idea to attend any meetings at the District or Sub Division Headquarters with the flags to show the sadness of the teachers on that day,” said a statement from Babu Kular Khongjirem. President KJDSTA, Shillong.
These foods can help reduce oxidative stress, strengthen and improve alertness and concentration.
Why is it so quick, is it a school of ignorance or a school of knowledge? Of course, it is true that I don't have any hatred for this school and I don't have any relationship with this school.
Hospitals in Florida have now refused to accommodate people and have set up beds in meeting places, in reserved rooms, in kitchens and restaurants, due to the overcrowding.
Don't throw any more garbage into the rivers and leave it to the Municipal to take the necessary action.
In the last MDC election, Nasar defeated the NPP candidate Kitborlang Nongrem.
(3) In India in 1971 the population was only 50 crore.
The fire destroyed the entire house as it was a tin house and all the belongings inside the house were burnt down in an instant.
Donbok said the Principal of the school replied that he did not know anything, as he had just come on leave and promised to send an inquiry into the incident. of course he will never forgive this teacher who brings racism.
