Jowai, Nailar 07: The 100th Annual Lehñiam Behdeiñkhlam of the Seiñ Raij Ïalong has come to an end today, with the participation of the children of the Seiñ Raij and various villages.
It is to be recalled that the authorities of JHADC and Hima Sima have been warning the indigenous people to sell their goods on the footpaths but when these foreigners come they own and no one does anything.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor said that he has set a goal from the beginning to improve the appearance of all the roads in the constituency.
Therefore, the Seng has suggested to the District Head (DC) to take precautionary measures especially in this district which has witnessed the spread of this type of beverage through the conduct of public awareness campaigns in the district. schools for children and adolescents so that they can abstain from this substance.
About 400 Daju from Iewduh attended the meeting.
Shillong, March 09: There are 168 Primary Schools and 101 Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya with less than 10 students, the Ministry of Education said.
The relatives of Rishad Sing Kharmuti have decided not to search for the people involved in the murder of Rishad Sing Kharmuti after police found his body on the 14th of this month.
On the same day, Robertjune joined the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle and was welcomed by Renikton Lyngdoh, MLA of the constituency.
Financial assistance will be for day labourers, except for construction workers, 100 day workers, muster roll, casual workers working with the State Government and also those working with Government supported groups. for these have other ways of helping.
Among the prominent candidates, who came second in Mawlai in the last MLA election, is Bah Teibor Pathaw.
At this service, a story was delivered by Rt.
“This matter has been pending for three years.
Meghalaya, which tied first, scored 203 runs and were bowled out on the first day. Ravi Teja scored 81 runs to help Meghalaya.
He said that the MLA election 2018 could be the last election for the 60 MLAs. Three MLA seats have already become general seats. and Phulbari in Garo Hills.
Here at the school there were many Khasi and Jaintia children who studied together and what is more interesting is that many of us at that time were poor or I can say we lived only in games.
According to my understanding.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 14: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department on Tuesday ordered the Police Department to take strict action against those who drive motorcycles or wheelchairs illegally. that car four wheels.
Many Swiss citizens have expressed that they do not want to see the volcanoes disappear and feel that these volcanoes are the hope of this beautiful country which has been visited by millions of visitors. village in a year.
“We have been promised by the Minister of Education that nothing will be done and also to take steps to correct the mistakes,” he said. It went ahead and as part of it there was also a request for explanation to some of the teachers.
The court has scheduled the next hearing for the case on October
The opening ceremony was attended by MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA Jowai as the chief guest, in the presence of Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya and others.
Besides this distribution, the government has also released free rice under the Prime Minister Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PMGKAY). kilo per head for AAY and PHH card holders for the month of June,
However, she advised the NHAI to ensure that the maintenance during the rainfall will not be delayed immediately after the completion of the work.
Therefore, the youths urge the authorities of KHADC as the overseers, the willing leaders to take action on this issue so that there will be no more violation of the rights of the children of the thousands in the Hima or the authorities of the KHADC. lktiar of you.
The sound of the song empowers the singer or poet to express and improve the sound of the pure heart.
The Minister also asked the state government officers to provide as much assistance as possible to the farmers who wish to farm in this way.
The child was rushed to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment, but as the injuries were severe, he was taken to Shillong Hospital for further treatment.
Speaking on this occasion, the Chief Minister said that the government has appointed R. Suchiang, Additional Chief Secretary, Finance Department, as the new CMD of MeECL. The Chief Minister said that MeECl has many problems whether it is in the payment of many generation companies, whether it is in the terminal benefits in terms of the unbundling of companies. Regarding the income of MeECL and the appointment of Suchiang, it will not bring about any change now and will have to happen immediately.
Another challenge we often face is that candidates ask for our vote on religious grounds – from the same religion, or from the same church.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State for Home Affairs, together with members of the Shillong Cantonment Lease Holders Association and the Rangbah Shnong of Jhalupara Village Council, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satyapal Malik. They discussed the issues of land owners in Shillong Cantonment.
Shillong, July 19: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday announced to the entire Hima Mylliem that the election of the new Syiem will be held on the 20th June, at 12 noon at the Conference Hall of KHADC, Shillong.
The Uniform Civil Code also aims to protect the rights of any religion within India such as Christians and Muslims.
The forms can be submitted to the Booth Level Officers (BLOs) at each Polling Station.
I have already lodged a complaint with the Ministry of Home Affairs but I have not received a reply,” said Saleng.
“The protest has reached its 40th day but the state government has not responded,” she said.
These include EJH: 2, EKH: 96, RBD: 23, SWKH: 1, WGH: 3, WJH: 11 and WKH:
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has requested the government to call for talks with the teachers under the banner of FASToM. to arrange and discuss the demands of the teachers.
“I am confident that in the coming days, this village will work hard to bring about change by working with the government to guide the youth to be an example to others. I will give my support,” he said.
“Why don't our leaders remember these problems of the poor,” asked Bah Lambokstar to the leaders who did not say anything about the problems of the poor.
The court expressed its deep concern over the condition of the road and there are parts of the road that are not suitable for traffic in Kuliang, Pyrtakuna and the shape of the bridge which is no longer suitable for traffic.
Speaking on the occasion, one of the KSA leaders said, “The Meghalaya government together with the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police have visited our areas under Block II. The border between Assam and Meghalaya should be resolved by implementing the Give and Take Policy.
The film has been very beautiful and the fans of these two stars have been very excited when they have fulfilled their relationship, by preparing to arrive. kha shisha in the coming days, since they started dating in
The minorities of the Seng Khasi have not received any benefits as minorities,” said Vijay.
“The BJP has already decided that Bernard will be the BJP candidate to contest against Conrad from South Tura Constituency.
“The collection of taxes has been excessive because they charge a high price along with the issuance of a receipt written as Jharu Mahaldar, which means they are special gates. only to collect for Synsar"
Juliana is the mother of a four-year-old child with leukemia and Ju is suffering from amnesia. to achieve the goal you have set.
This morning, a laptop (HP) was found inside a commercial taxi in Jowai.
“Many MLAs or even those who want to become MLAs instead of thinking about making laws, they think about how to make money.
“TUR expresses its deep surprise to see the order of the Transport Department of the Government of Meghalaya to punish and ban people and especially those who earn their living by scooty or motorcycle “This opportunity to earn a living through two-wheelers comes at a time of crisis and job shortage,” said a statement from TUR.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on 28th June, 2021 has informed that after receiving the reports of all the high risk contacts and because the The Containment Order has been lifted for the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Nongthliew Branch and it will reopen from 31st June, 2021 at 9 am. morning.
Furthermore, regarding the Traditional Symbol, it has been stated that there is no dispute or order to remove it, but it is in the authority of the Syiem of Dumura Hima (Doomora), as the Syiem of the Mother to decide. to this work.
Jowai, March 23: Two vehicles from West Jaintia Hills have been stolen from Phramer and Wahiaer by unidentified robbers. The Pick Up from Phramer was recovered from Mynsngat village.
“Where shall we see God in our faith? We have the right to honor our parents.
Shillong: The State Council of Science, Technology and Environment (SCSTE), Meghalaya together with All India Radio, Shillong will broadcast a science serial entitled “Sha ka Lashai” on the topic of Artificial Intelligence from the 6th of this month. October from 9:00 to 9:30 pm.
“To implement the ILP, you have to tied the door of Parliament,” he said. “Why wait for Parliament to pass a law?” he asked.
The MLA's demand for the appointment of a committee of inquiry came after he saw through the media the allegation by the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA) against the Veterinary Officers that they illegally collect money from the cow traders.
At this meeting, the party strongly supported the protests especially for their rights in the forests and on their schedule tribe status. win.
On the importance of the road and the benefits it will bring to the State, the Minister said, “As you know, the road connection is the pavement for any development project to come, now that it has been completed, This road will open up many opportunities for trade, tourism and other activities”.
The signs of the time are near for Jesus to return to this earth.
Afterward, the family said they saw no sign of any ambulance arriving in the area, until the man passed away on Friday morning at about 5:30.
The coal produced by these factories is also from Assam.
Whether you have done wrong or wrong, Once again it is difficult to improve, Your spirituality has been lost, You don't want to go to church anymore.
When Panah heard that they had finished the conversation, he got up shortly afterwards because it was 7 o'clock.
The Congress candidate at a meeting held at Iawpynsin Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills District on Thursday, strongly criticized the NPP-led coalition government in the state for spending lakhs of rupees to release coal within six months. the BJP within 180 days.
Bindo also expressed his gratitude to the MP for taking the time to attend the meeting. He said that he had spoken to them and said that he still has some work to do in Delhi. He has booked a special ticket to Shillong immediately for the release of the book and immediately after his release he will fly back to Delhi.
Individual awards were also presented in the Premier B category for Best Goalkeeper – Kyrshan Kharmujai, Defender Bladonbok Kharmalki, Midfielder Skhem Kharpran, Top Scorer Meban Kharumnuid and Premier A for Best Goalkeeper. Klibarson Lawai, Defender – Ribok Kharumnuid, Most promising player – Meban Warkhyllew, Top Scorer – Winstaroy Kharpran.
Shillong, November 16: The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong (SNUS) which includes 12 villages of Lummawbah, Lawsohtun, Umlyngka, Nongkseh, Nongmulong, Lumpdeng, 4mer, 5mer, Mawklot, Nongpyur, Laitmynsaw and Myrkhan The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) should not back down but should continue to monitor the remaining works related to the issues of the Durbar Shnongs, Rangbah Shnongs and the people of the country. The whole of Hynniewtrep is united.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest urged the young players, “Don't forget your Christianity when you are on the field, that will improve you and your talent.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills Sector, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, will visit the border of West Khasi Hills with Assam this month.
“Of course we have not taken any decision today but after the puja the state government will take more decisions to improve the working conditions in the state,” he said.
The surveyors and Karbis still don't know where this Umsati River is and so they just point here and there. Why don't they know? Because they are not the owners of the village.
Diamon Makhroh, Saiden S/S, Ribhoi won the Players of the Tournament award.
The RBYF Umsning Circle, under the leadership of Bah PP Kylla, President of the RBYF, has left to close down these banks and all the employees of these banks have left today to go to their homes. that house that sem.
The Court on Thursday fixed the hearing of the case for 24th June.
On the other hand, all the drivers of commercial vehicles have decided to continue their work for 10 days, while the government has not been able to meet their demands.
“I was really surprised to see a 58-year-old woman who wanted to study and make a film because when I met her, she said she wanted to study and we helped her. The Film Institute of Meghalaya will be one of the schools that will benefit the youth of the state and the North East.
“We express our dissatisfaction because the government has not consulted when it has taken such a decision,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
At present we see that these mynder have become willing to enter the homes of many of our fellow Khasi.
Before the public hearing, the implementation of all the schemes was shown through pictures.
In recent days, TDP member Varla Ramaiah has accused Tamil Nadu Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy of insulting, insulting and hatred as evidenced by the arrest of TDP Chief Leader N Chandrababu Naidu has regarded the incident of corruption arising from the training for the implementation of development projects in the state as planned before implementation.
Chidambaram will be in custody of the CBI until 26th July
KHNAM candidate Bah Process T Sawkmie, who was the first to speak at the debate, has apologized for his mistake in the past years to leave Mawlai.
The prizes were awarded to the winners by Viceroy Alson Nongtdu, Phasmon Dkhar (MDC), Thomas Nongtdu, Topas Lapasam and Simi Khongtiang. Shillong: Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin, a 9-year-old girl from Sakwang village, has come to appear as one of the leaders of the South West Khasi Hills District. The youngest participant in the 3000 mts women's race at the Meghalaya Games 2019-20, organized by the Meghalaya State, has won the title. The Olympic Association has been supported by the Sports Department of the State Government.
“They died after being blown up while driving a gypsy and three others were seriously injured in the incident,” said DGP Peter James Pyngrope Haneman.
Shillong, Nailar 18: Doctors at NEIGRIHMS, for the first time in the state or in the North East, have performed the most surprising treatment for a patient. a young man who was suffering from a disease in the torso.
According to information received from the police, the police of Ri Bhoi District received a tip at 8 pm that an elderly man has been seriously injured in the shooting. He was rushed to the Holy Cross Hospital in Umsaw but died before reaching the hospital.
The meeting will be held from the 13th to the 16th of this month.
The performances include Summersalt, Colours, Dosser's Urge, Blue Temptations and Groove Revolution. DJs like DJs Rex and Favian and new discos from Australia, DJs Frankie and Karuna and hip hop.
Bah Sanbor Shullai, while congratulating Timothy on his election as Symbud Lamphang, said that he knew Timothy long ago but he knew him until he was elected MLA in 2008 to meet him. to the mark.
Although the title of Dr. is well known to the doctors, but in the field of educated people it also includes the experts in literature and other fields of knowledge.
The Secretary of the JRCDPC said that this year the budget has been increased as it is also the 1000th anniversary of the puja since the British Government handed over the land.
As soon as the gang saw the police, they opened fire and the police turned around to protect themselves.
Especially that other states in the country have made progress in implementing the NEP, while our state is still pending.
The reason why they clean the leaves when they are killed is because by doing this the water inside the leaves comes out and permeates and covers the whole leaf.
Shillong, Nailur 12: U Bah Bipul R Ryntathiang, one of the leaders of the Congress Party in Meghalaya and also the candidate for the MDC election 2014 from Umsning Constituency, has decided to resign from the Umsning Constituency. your membership in the party.
In District Jail Cluster, 48 cases have been confirmed in Lum Nongrim Cluster, 3 in Lumumpih Cluster, 4 in Mawlasnai, 8 in Mawlasnai, 6 in Mawlyndep, 3 in Nongdew. , Nongkya Cluster 7, Nonglakhiat Rbd Cluster 6, Nongsder I Cluster 20, Patharkhmah Cluster 10, Pyllun Cluster 16, Sohkyrbam Cluster 5, Umbir Rbd Cluster 6, Umiam Cluster 6, Umkadhor Cluster 6, Umkynsier Cluster 7, Umpyrdong Cluster 11, Umsning A Cluster 9, Umsning Cluster 7, Umsohlang Cluster
Shillong, Naitung 9: The KHNAM Youth Wing under the leadership of the KHNAM Youth Wing on Friday visited the office of the Shillong Municipal Board to meet with the CEO regarding the theft of their belongings by the Municipal officials. yesterday.
Three residents were seriously injured in the incident.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 5: The death toll from the overturning of a Synod truck at Jaidohkroh Nongspung has risen to
Besides, they are still beating and killing people without any reason.
Process admitted that he has more than 30 years in politics to serve the people and if he is elected as MP it will open the door for him to serve Meghalaya as a whole.
New Delhi: ASSOCHAM, after studying the debts of the people to banks, has said that the people may find it difficult to pay after the lockdown across India.
Alok Kar tied for 47 runs off 50 balls.
“We appeal to farmers and traders to cooperate with understanding.
Shillong, July 24: Dozens of young men from Meghalaya who have applied for the Indian Army 2021 have completed the examination, medical examination and The Common Entrance Examination (CEE) on Thursday was held to protest against the Central Government's decision to cancel the examination.
Lamyrsiang scored the first goal through Go Goa Hangshing in the 80th minute.
Shano Tariang once again scored the first goal in the 65th minute to make the match 3-3
The General Secretary of AMKA, Bah Bistocan Timung, said that the purpose of the festival is to raise awareness among the Karbi youth in Meghalaya. how to preserve and preserve the customs and traditions of the nation which have been taught and established by the ancestors of the nation.
However, unfortunately, the health department of the MDA government has not paid the money they are entitled to for two years even after they have tied the door of the government from time to time.
If there is no change in the examination system, the teaching system will not change.
Perhaps to bring about change, the people must first be willing to accept.
In the second innings, Moodymmai beat Umshangiar by 7 wickets.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has demanded that the state government should take action to release the Ph.D.
The team will be led by Ranjana Yadav as head coach and Marty Mustafa as assistant coach.
Noting that his National People's Party (NPP) will soon take action to recognize the government on this issue, Sangma said; “As a party, it is true that we will take confirmation on this issue, we will convene a meeting and after we have confirmed this we will take a decision to give approval.
Warjri said the request has been sent to the 14th Finance Commission.
Delhi Police have arrested Manish Pandey with seven pistols after he was found behind a barricade near Millennium Park.
“We are fortunate to work like in Meghalaya because the political leaders in Meghalaya are different from other states of the country where we are more likely to reach a misunderstanding between the political leaders. and government employees," he said.
Shillong, March 18: U MDC Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that he has already counted for the 2018 MLA elections.
Shillong, Jymmang: The National People's Party (NPP) Spokesperson Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh has said that the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) is more interested in spreading anti-BJP issues in the country. to express its good intentions for the people of Meghalaya.
In the new township, the Dorbar Shnongs and KHADC will no longer have any authority and it will be like Khyndai Lad where foreigners will rule, he said.
Furthermore, it is necessary to understand the Khasi love of the BJP MP from Uttarakhand, Tarun Vijay.
The deceased was identified as Dipanjal Das, who worked at the canteen at Sainik Bhavan, Rajgarh Road.
Therefore, the Chief Minister's mercy to Mowkaiaw Village through Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar who has strongly supported this small request of the Executive Dorbar Shnong.
On this occasion, Bah Teibor also informed that his office at Nongkohlew will be opened in June next year to provide convenience to the people who live in these rural areas. He was also the first Mawlai leader to set up an office in this area.
I will take them to court to lodge a complaint against them if they continue to accuse me of involvement with the rebel group,” he said.
On this occasion, the MLA expressed his satisfaction that the village has been able to implement this project to maintain cleanliness and urged the villagers to maintain good cleanliness in the village and environment.
On the opposition to the MoU, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said he cannot understand why some leaders do not understand this.
Therefore, the Government of Meghalaya has set up a make shift polling station at Mawsikar near Kyrdum village.
The Minister said that through FOCUS, nearly 18,000 groups of farmers have been established.
He said that in politics it happens like this.
At the same time, he said that he has been giving public service since he was a child and until this moment.
He also urged the shopkeepers to fight as much as possible to prevent the crowding inside or outside the shops and all the shops should follow the guidelines of the state health department.
A total of 93767 people have been infected with the disease in the past few years but 92159 have recovered.
“We will not talk to anyone to make an alliance, because when we nominate 46 candidates, we expect to win, because 31 candidates have already come to power,” said Bah Paul. type name.
The Chief Guest also praised the organizers who conducted such a training as it is the first time in the area.
The UN member states have all accepted this and now the whole world has accepted it.
Through a statement, the KSU Mawkhar Circle strongly condemns the district authorities for allowing these foreigners to sell illegal goods and to sell illegally without punishment, while sadly for us Khasi, they are the same. The government authorities are more active than the ksew.
Meghalaya will face Tamil Nadu tomorrow.
According to information, which this reporter has received from some of the residents, it is said that there were some residents of the village who heard about the incident, but did not dare to go out or to stop these thieves.
Ksehsylle Ialong and Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu won, while Mulang Ialong beat Lumpyrdi Iongpiah in the third division-2nd Adlebert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the WJDSA held at Kiang Nangbah. it's Friday.
Of course they knew that anyone before he died needed water to drink, but they did not dare to go and give Jesus water.
Bhattarai is a police officer of the 6th MLP Battalion serving in Songsak.
The second winner was Lidaris Lyngdoh and the third winner was Dasanjanai Rani. Naphisabet Chyne, Date Fairy Nongdhar, Ruki Toi, Sara Dkhar and Damangkyrpang Nongdhar.
He said that although the symptoms of COVID-19 infection may be mild, it is necessary to take care and think carefully to prevent the spread of the disease. in Meghalaya.
The MLA of Mawkynrew constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has handed over a house to a woman with three young children who lives in Mawkynrew village. Share.
The BJP has spent a lot of money on social issues, elections and politics in the past 18 months. T.4.61 crore to pay for Facebook, which started in June 2019 and then came second the Congress, which spent T.1.84 crore and this is the information sought, till 24th July
Even the NPP leaders have already announced that they have already won a majority and will form a single government after the 2023 elections.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 15 cases, of which 12 cases are from fever.
Shillong, July 13: A day after members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) visited the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) with the intention of closing down the office of the District Council on the grounds of allegation that the Acting Syiem Hima Mylliem, Paiem Ainam and the Syiem of Raid Marwet have sold hundreds of acres of land and also on the presence of non-Khasi Rangbah Shnongs who have the right to sell and buy land in the raid. Basan Nongumlong, who is in charge of Raid Marwet, said that the Hima has taken steps to appoint Circle Rangbah Shnongs to look after the villages. that is not Khasi.
We understand that it is very difficult to bring that peace and prosperity to all citizens especially in India which is a highly paid country.
Vizag of Mizoram scored eight runs in the first innings to beat Meghalaya by 322 runs with Kishan scoring 6/4
On the other hand, these youths urged and requested other friends, organizations and private individuals to please take care of such areas by donating their hands and feet. They also visited the school for the development of education in the area.
Those who do not have the necessary documents will be excluded and will not be able to participate.
Even the government departments in charge of livestock farming have not been able to explain how to prevent the disease of Khasi chickens.
When we remove it, it will be very difficult to open, except when we want to force open or destroy the doors or cupboards and we can say that it is very important in our lives as human beings. because it is a weapon that gives security.
All their thoughts before the elections have been cleansed overnight after receiving the money and after a while, they will start to thnum again the leaders or the government.
There have been many allegations against us, but the AIIMS report shows that we have done the right thing,” said the Mumbai police chief.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that as the incumbent MLA from this constituency, he has tried to fulfill his duties, duties and responsibilities properly. The people can elect only one candidate from KHNAM but he did not give a reason to the people and the state why they elected only one candidate from KHNAM. I have tried to bring about development in the constituency but as a leader from KHNAM, I think perhaps, they have not seen and have not yet seen. hear because like the sword it is more difficult for them to hear or see because the sword is strong but the time will come when I will reveal what I have tried to accomplish.
If they weren’t businessmen, they were already connected to businesspeople.
Fifteen minutes after the second half, Assam goalkeeper Birkhang Daimary was sent off for a red card after he touched the ball outside the box. There are 10 players.
The toll plaza is now operated by the MB Consortium Company to collect taxes from vehicles passing through the National Highway in Ri-Bhoi.
The Hospitality Complex will be constructed at a cost of T.36 crore and will be completed within two years.
The two state governments have already agreed to walk in different stages of these areas of conflict,” he said.
“The power outage will be lifted after the completion of the Umiam Dam,” the newspaper said.
This decision has empowered pregnant women to have a clear understanding of the vaccination process.
At the end of the ceremony, the flag was launched by Bah DK Dkhar, former Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
The President of KJDSTA said that according to the Minister of Education, Assam Government Himanta Biswa Sharma, up to 15,000 thousand Regular Posts of teachers will be filled within six months this year.
The Super Division tournament was inaugurated by Shitmon Pdang LLB Public Prosecutor District Session Court East Jaintia Hills in the presence of Waheh Shnongs, District Leaders and Members of the Association.
In the 2023 MLA election, the number of MLAs will be increased according to the 2021 Census.
“They expect that after the 13th of June they hope to get another MLA to make it 27,” he said.
He said that all those who were shot dead have completed their religious rituals according to their faith and were accompanied by friends, relatives from near and far. .
We have seen what has happened in Assam that some drivers have escaped the inspection of health workers and police, not only that, some drivers have also been found to be infected with the disease.
I am proud to say that those involved in the corruption are no longer within the Congress,” he said.
People from outside the State should be tested and if they have symptoms they should be placed in isolation.
He said that other states in India have taken the example of Haryana, Andhra Pradesh and others where all the jobs have been reserved for the indigenous people.
Shillong, November 11: The Seng Khasi Maw Plang will leave for Arunachal Pradesh from 22nd to 24th November.
For the first time, the Congress will contest the Assembly elections without Sitting MLAs after 17 MLAs left the party and joined the AITC and other political parties.
But let him be proud in this that he understands and knows Me.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Garner congratulated Biden by showing that she too had taken off her mask.
When the water entered the houses, it swept away the furniture in the houses and the items in the shops as well.
Shillong: PDF leader Bah Hamletson Dohling on Tuesday said that the party will prepare to contest in all 29 constituencies in the MDC elections next year.
Revelation 10:7-1
Seng Khasi College, St. Edmund's College and Shillong College have been the other teams to qualify for the semi finals of the Inter College Men's Football Tournament organized by NEHU. In the quarter final match of the SAI Training Centre, Seng Khasi College defeated Kiang Nangbah Govt.
The honor and praise should be given to the founders and founders of the “Thoh Team”.
Not only that, the intelligence of the ancestors is far and wide for thousands of years.
Not only did the threat and warning end, Tobiah and Sanballat were ready to kill and take Nehemiah's life.
The performers were Lasukbiang Kurbah and the group, Anisabet L Nongum, Balasiewdor Ryntathiang, Arethelbakor Nongrang and Anbelnes L Nongum.
Referring to the shops selling these types of tyndong, he said, “We have taken action and there is no order from the Deputy Commissioner's office that they too should take responsibility.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11 : The Ri-Bhoi Tourism and Environmental Development Forum (RIF) today held a walk to Pnah Kyndeng. Lymbit at Pahamskhen village to develop this place as one of the tourist attractions in Ri-Bhoi District especially for its natural beauty and beautiful surroundings.
There are 816 recoveries from the disease.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K. Sangma said that the State Government is trying to improve the income of the people by implementing schemes like CM Elevate and YESS Meghalaya for the benefit of the people. of young people.
“The Minister of Home Affairs should take action to call for talks with the HNLC so that peace and order can be restored in the state,” said Bah Process.
These insects eat the leaves of the plant until the field is dry.
The vehicle was used to transport synsar purchased by the IVCS and dewbilat which was set up in the shop at Mawkyrwat.
Sangma said the family members did not agree with the language used in the complaint to search for the perpetrators, although her family members knew that Jepson T Sangma was one of the perpetrators. you don't kill.
Stating that she does not take sides on this issue, Kong Ampareen said she does not want this to cause conflict and deterioration of peace and order.
After a short talk between the District authorities and these leaders, an agreement was reached and the tax collection center was demolished. The District Administration, agreed to take action on the demand of the woman and the organization, especially to discuss the demand of the woman.
Hey there! Brothers and sisters, if it is in this regard, where will their children, grandchildren, brothers and sisters and their descendants go? Are you still a 'know-briew know-God' person? The answer is yours.
It is to be recalled that the SSA this year before the start of the League 2023 has conducted a Clinic cum refresher course in which many referees have benefited. Up to 47 youths from the state have attended the Referees Development Course, including 35 men and 12 women.
In North Garo Hills, 10 cases have been reported, in Ri Bhoi 19 cases, 2 cases in ILI cases and 3 cases in Mawlein cluster.
“If all these schemes had been implemented properly, this area would have changed,” said L.Marngar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: A book entitled 'Swami Vivekananda and Shillong' was launched at the Shillong Press Club today. He arrived in Shillong in 1901 and settled in Laban.
For example, a good rice is not called a good rice but a plastic rice.
We cannot say that in this state, we really lack leaders who know how to speak publicly.
The State is no longer what it was 50 years ago, but development projects have been slow and income has declined.
For those temporary employees, they will be released from their jobs.
From Dawki to Wahkdait, he said, it used to take only 15 minutes to travel but now due to the bad condition of the road, it takes about 10 hours.
He struck 21 fours and 8 sixes before the end of the 20 overs.
There are also those who ask – why God has given man the freedom to decide to do whatever he wants, why does he still punish him when he has done whatever he wants? ? If this is the case, then man is still bound in addition to his free will, and the meaning of the word 'free' has been lost.
“We have spoken to them and they are saying that they will set up a thorough investigation from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) and the DC office has already submitted a report saying that the land is still “It belongs to the state government but the government has not done anything until now,” said Bah Mayralborn.
The Government's investment in the area has reached the point where these new projects that the Government plans to build in the state, but the area has not received anything – many of these developments are going smoothly. They are Garo and Khasi.
The union also complained that the BSF troops on the border have not done anything to curb the illegal entry of Bangladeshis, while the BSF on the national highway have been standing in the streets. the owners of the land who went and came.
“The Congress has decided not to stay in the state because even the President has been convicted and these Congress parties have decided how much they can protect the Congress in the state. “It is not happy, because there is no Congress in Jaintia Hills and this will continue to destroy the Congress in the coming years”.
This year has been a little shocking and frightening due to the Covid19 pandemic which has destroyed the economy and life.
Meghalaya Governor Metbah Lyngdoh, Prime Minister Dr Conrad Sangma were also present on the occasion.
However, in the FIR against the driver of (L) Running Nongkynrih, the BSF said that on that day, the BSF troops of 4 Bn who were on patrol with a vehicle at Pynursla-Dawki road near Wahkdait village and urged the driver to stop the vehicle for search.
Shillong: "We as the NPP party don't have time to criticize or point fingers at anyone and if there is a mistake we should correct it and we are here to serve the state, the minorities of North East and India," said the National People's Party (NPP). National Vice President of the NPP Central Body and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong.
“While we were walking along the road, we saw this idol that they put there and this surprised us how they could put these idols to worship here inside the office,” said Bah. Khyriem.
The Unitarian Church across Khasi Jaintia, Ri Bhoi and Karbi Anglong has celebrated its 50th Anniversary.
“Ka seng also asks the State Government whether the bloodthirsty foreigners who killed Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati, have been arrested and where have they been detained? The JSU has demanded that the Government should file a case and expose those foreigners who have killed and killed the lives of the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep,” said the statement.
The next match for Lajong will be on the 14th June against United Sports Club at the MFA Turf, Polo Ground Shillong at 2 pm. , in fact, the match was scheduled to be held at the SSA Stadium 1st ground but due to the fact that the stadium is still under construction, it has been postponed. The match will be played at the MFA Turf, Polo Ground Shillong.
The intention of the Muslims is that if they can buy the lamb, they will eat meat freely during their Eid.
The Punjab Chief Minister said it would be better not to allow religious or ethnic discrimination.
The State U-20 football team will prepare for its first match against Mizoram in the Swami Vivekanan U-20 Men's National Football Championship to be held on 12th June this year at Narainpur, Chhattisgarh.
In fact, the government had planned to complete the meat processing plant early but after the opposition from the Dorbar Shnong Umjapung and Maiong Rim, it has postponed the government's plan to complete the project. .
The 12th is Easter Sunday, which is the greatest day because our Lord rose from the dead.
From birth to youth, old age and old age we have experienced all these things throughout our human life.
In the past decades, it cannot be forgotten that the debate and the debate are indeed the issues of the needs of the people especially during elections, where candidates or political parties have expressed their views. , they expressed their views to show and convey to the people the principles on which they stand to protect and develop the state.
Thus, the boundary of the Khasi Hills has been known since the time when the Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum came down from Sahitbneng, which has a boundary from the foot of the Meikha Mountains to the Sarma Valley, from Rilang to Sarma. Kupli is the border of Khasi Jaintia Hills.
This is the first time for the 1st Batch of BAM-JH to receive this training for 24 youths to become Security Officers. in markets, various offices as well as in government jobs.
He said that the NALSA scheme has been implemented in all districts of the state and within the state and with the assistance of Para Legal Volunteers (PLVs) in each village. they should go to the law and the law will provide protection and justice.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has decided on 18th November 2021 to implement a Joint Venture to revive the MCCL, after a meeting with various groups in the Sohra area including the Mawmluh District and Hima.
He said that the MDC elections are near and he confirmed that the elections will be held in 2019 either in June or June and therefore he urged the party leaders He said that if the party continues to contest the elections with the hope that one day the UDP will win the elections. victory in Nongstoin.
However, on the other hand, the Lamphang AT Mondal said that James should not speak for himself but for the issue.
Diesel and petrol from the vehicles have reached the water.
The State Police Department has investigated the involvement of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in the smuggling of illegal youths in order to carry out extortion activities.
Rekha Sharma, Chairman of the NCW, condemned the MLA and demanded that he should be punished and said that the NCW will write to the DGP to demand punishment for the MLA. “I met her face to face and she spoke against the Bishop and I saw that she was insulted by the church leaders. church and she no longer receives her necessities, such as food, drink and monthly allowance.
Nine runs from Roy and Jaylynn Marak helped Meghalaya to reach the target but Marak were bowled out for four runs.
The High Court has issued this order in a case filed by Maikel T Sangma, a resident of Gasuapara who is also a coal trader.
The Government has the right not to sympathize with its employees because it does not treat them fairly because it does not pay the right price as demanded.
“We don't accept his resignation proposal, how can we accept it when the issue of T.28 crore has already been passed in the House, we don't know how the T.28 crore has been spent, the EC "I don't know anything, it's going to cause trouble to us, it's here that Bah Pynshngaiñ has been released, now many MDCs are saying to me what to do when I give him the sword and he's going to die" ogn and Sylliang.
“Prestone, don't fight too much against Maw kynrew, if you don't have the colors and if you want to come and fight yourself against Remington Pyngrope, if the time is late, 2018 is still there,” said Harkin.
Shillong: The Shillong Daily today published an article admitting that the President of the Congress Meghalaya (MPCC), Bah Vincent H Pala has intended to leave the Congress party in Meghalaya.
This was stated in a question by the MDC of the Opposition, Bah Robinus Syngkon.
The New Shillong, which is still under construction, allows the government to develop it properly, otherwise it will collapse prematurely like the collapse of the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang.
At the same time, the Commission is not pleased to see that the Medical Officer of the prison did not come during the inspection as there are many prisoners who need medical attention.
According to a statement by the Secretary of the Club, Bah Rilang Mylliempdah, the tournament was originally scheduled to be held in June this year, but due to the outbreak of Covid-1 which led to the lockdown of the tournament had to be postponed.
Sleep here, I understand...” Lanosha turned and hugged Bahdeng's head. When he received the comfort from his friend, he went to sleep until morning.
The VC said that the university has not yet received a reply regarding the letter sent to implement the NEP and some colleges have expressed difficulties in implementing it.
He said that their presence on Dr. Mukul Sangma's side only for the seat shows that there is a violation of the will of the people and democracy.
The promise was made in 2018 when he came to inaugurate the final super division football tournament of the NDSA.
In the last match, Lajong beat Real Kashmir 1-6
Pangñiang urged all the office bearers and supporters of the party to work with humility and love and to have understanding among the leaders, so that they can bring the fruits of victory.
It is impossible to say that in this age we are living in an age where health has been severely affected because we are living in an age where the vegetables and meat we eat from fish have been forcibly increased. , beef, pork, chicken, goat and other foods only with medicines.
This is not meant to discourage or insult anyone but is merely a suggestion.
Therefore, he appealed to the public to be vigilant and thoughtful regarding the driving style.
In response, the HNYF leader said, “I expect it to be friendly.
It should always be remembered that unrighteous wealth will not avail in times of trouble.
You have to understand.
If not, why don't you delay?
Furthermore, he directed all the residents of the district to be vigilant in order to curb this terrible disease.
I congratulate Shivraj Singh Chauhan for being in this government for many years, but he has been able to fight against all the challenges, all the evils that have come upon him and he has “I can face all the challenges with my team to win on this path,” Sangma told reporters.
The Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun also raised the question, where does the revenue collected from petrol and diesel go because as it has become public, many rural villages in the State are neglected and backward, because The roads are also poor and it is difficult to travel and transport agricultural products to the market places.
“I am happy even though some people have asked me to contest the MDC election, I don't feel like it anymore but it will depend on the people who supported me in the last elections and they forced me. “I don't know whether I will contest the MDC or MP election but I will consult well first and I don't know whether I will contest or not,” he said.
This is the soskular, which has been approved, for the purpose of providing accommodation to the kharmetor, who work under the Shillong Municipal Board.
Shillong, Iaiong 14 : Meghalaya has witnessed the return of Covid-19 with 13 active cases in the state so far.
“This is a political ploy to block development projects, just because we don't support any candidate of their choice, we can say.
He said that the opening of the new Civil Sub Division is also a fulfillment of the goal of Purno who was one of those who wanted to have a Civil Sub Division Rongjeng.
To ensure that they can shape their lives according to their aspirations and abilities.
The Principal of the school said that those who are selected will be able to enter the school with a scholarship at North Liberty HSS. Jowal, West Jaintia Hills District from 16th to 19th December 2019 from 10 Am to 2 PM. The deadline for submission of application forms is 20th December
The 2011 census showed that the population growth in Meghalaya from 2001 to 2011 was 2.95 per cent higher than the national average (17.64%).
Many of the civil society, private sector and the public have now opposed the allocation of land to the army. put their business Office.
Initially, it was very hot but this idea has disappeared and has not come up in the discussions either on the part of the state government or the district council.
“Don't be happy that the state government has issued a resolution to implement ILP in the state, because this is only the first step towards victory,” he said.
He said that to improve the beauty of this place, the statues of all the freedom fighters of Tirot Singh, Patogan Sangma and Kiang Nangbah will be built.
The funeral service will be held on 19.10.2023 at 1.00 pm at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
In a statement sent by AK Bani Secretary of the Union, the Union has given one month to the office of SDSEO Mawkyrwat to release the salaries of the teachers. The Union will also seek the assistance of the authorities and the law enforcement agencies to fight against the insults against the teachers in the area. .
The Seng through a petition submitted today through the Secretary in charge of Education, Samla Enlang Sawian.
They scored 154 runs in 20 overs for the loss of six wickets.
“There have been 53 villages involved in the border talks with Assam and there are several Nepali villages who have failed to attend the meeting of the Regional Committee,” he said. to Mr. Renickton.
Since the Assam Government declared war on drugs, Police have seized a large quantity of heroin, brown sugar, methamphetamine, phensedyl and others from different parts of the state. Assam has shown that the sale of illegal liquor is very high in the state.
This is the Government's mistake, when we look back to 2014, we have experienced instability just because of the ILP demand for four months of protests as the party does not want to see instability. happily ever after.
Nongpoh: Young Minds, a youth group that works to help the poor and needy families, has organized its 1st Star Expo. They brought from all over the country and also from abroad, which they put in Bhoirymbong.
He said that on the 13th October 2021, the death toll of fish was severe and the fish died along the river and fell to the surface of the water.
At the same time, he said that a letter of request for the extension of the CUET registration date until 31st October, 2023 for Meghalaya has been sent to the office of the Director General, NTA, New Delhi, by expressing the reasons for the recent Assembly elections which has delayed the State Board Examination where many of the students living in rural areas have been delayed. The Minister also visited the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT) and encouraged the staff of this department to work tirelessly for the improvement and to improve education in the state.
Canadian Tamil rapper SVDP, while other talented singers include Reble, Dappest XL, McLivin, and talented singers Adiel Massar and Dappest from Shillong. .
Earlier, the EM in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, had said that the KHADC would consider all the complaints against the Syiem of Sohra and if found true, he would be suspended.
Kerala Health Minister KK Shylaja said three of them had traveled to Italy and two of them were at home.
Shillong: The National Students Union of India (NSUI) today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to investigate the truth about the suicide of Aldrin Lyngdoh. Uttar Pradesh and urged the government to bring the body of the youth home.
Then Jesus showed them that the worship in the temple or in the synagogue was not true.
Mawsor recalled that according to the 2016-2017 Budget Speech of the Prime Minister in the House, four Civil Sub-Divisions have been opened, namely Pynursla in East Khasi Hills, Mawshynrut, Mawshynrut and Mawshynrut in East Khasi Hills. Chocolate and Raksamgre.
He urged MeECL to take action to ensure that the distribution of electricity will be according to the wishes of the people.
Members of the Seng today posted signs around Shillong and especially in the shops selling dewbilat to urge the people to boycott the dewbilat TOPCEM. After leaving Shillong, she will travel around the Khasi Hills to announce the boycott.
“I have been involved in starting schools in rural areas like Nongtraw, Mawbseiñ and other places,” he said.
Under-17 Boys Double – James Anderson Kharlyngdoh and Mebakyrshan Iawphniaw, Under-17 Boys Double – Wansaphi Marpna and Deidaphi Marpna, Under-19 Boys Single – Given Warder Lyngdoh, Under-19 Girls Jessica Single Wanniang, Under-19 Boys Double – Pynkhaliñkupar Wanniang and Given Warder Lyngdoh, Under-19 Girls Double – Wansaphi Marpna and Deidaphi Marpna.
The BJYM (BJP Youth Wing) Ri-Bhoi district has expressed its anger over the alleged collapse of the bridge. Fortunately, the construction of the bridge has just started, but once the construction and driving is completed, what will happen to the people riding in the vehicles if the bridge collapses? twa in such a time.
On the other hand, MCL President RK Pareek said that this treatment has been conducted from time to time as part of the Corporate Social Responsibility Department.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 10: The election for the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya is 26 days away and all the candidates of international political parties have prepared their minds and spoken at their meetings. of their constituencies.
He said that in the letter, the Khliehiongriang village has requested for financial assistance for the completion of the dorbar hall, but what he needs most is for the construction of the road to enter the village. With the wise leadership of the leaders of this community, they will be able to meet the needs of their community and village.
The UDP has sent a letter of resignation to Bah Metbah after the UDP has no longer respected Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, former MLA of Mawlai, after Bah PT Sawkmie has prepared to contest from the UDP. year 2023.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: U MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem today met with officers from various government departments together with the village leaders of Mawlong Nongtluh to monitor the development works in the village. , especially the basic needs and benefits that the people should receive from the government at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Mawlong.
After this, he will also inspect the ongoing projects of the central government in the state.
Myrsing said the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union has never complained regarding the Anganwadi workers because they understand that as ASHAs they have a relationship with the Anganwadis in the villages.
“As a relief to the people affected by the recent floods in Garo Hills, the party has donated T.1 lakh to the Chief Minister Relief Fund,” said the statement. This was announced by Bah FE Kharshiing, General Secretary of the party.
The allocation of funds is not only for the construction of this collapsed road but will also include the construction of the road and wells.
Shillong, July 30: The Deputy Chief Minister in charge of the Soil and Water Conservation Department, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Village Authorities cannot interfere with the government in the implementation of development schemes and projects. .
The service was also enriched by the choirs of St. Paul's Church Mulang, Presbyterian Church Nangbah, All Saints' Cathedral Shillong and St. Mary's Church Nangbah.
Jowai, Nailur 27: As part of the celebration of the 107th birth anniversary of (L) Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyay, the Vice Chancellor of the University of North Eastern Hill University, Prof.PS Shukla, inaugurated the Maw Nongrim. “Golden Jubilee Girls Hostel" at Deen Dayal Upadhyay Community College for Skill Development Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills District.
These two languages ​​have been promoted to the status of Associate Official Languages ​​of the State which means that these languages ​​can be used in the Departments of the State Government.
They have lodged a complaint with the OC Saitsama Out Post and the DSP West Jaintia has been informed about the incident.
The police team was led by L.Ch.
The new film will be ready to release from November 2023 and will be Vishu Vardhan's second film after Shershaah.
“The Governor has informed the Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy as announced in Resolution PER.222/71/138 issued on the 12th of this month. July 1972".
Taxis and auto rickshaws, which will run on July 28, will have numbers ending in 1 and 2; on the 29th of July, they are to end on the 3rd and 4th; on July 30, they will end on the 5th and 6th, on the 1st of May, they will end on the 7th and 8th, on the 2nd of May, they will end on the 9th and 0th and on 3rd May, they are the last 1 and
The emergence of various sports stars in the state is also a wake-up call to the youth who are thinking of losing their jobs but it is also an encouragement to start sports as an income and health benefit. health and glory to the state.
Finally, the 4-Mowkaiaw BCC sends its condolences to the parents and family members of these children who passed away. May God bless them and be with them.
“Earlier, the HSPDP Youth Wing leader informed that the issue of discussion on the Khasi Jaintia State came up after they held an essay competition recently for the students of the state.
Because we see clearly that when the unity between one kur and another kur is no longer there, there will be a lyngshop and a shot thombor by other forces.
These are what are known as the cognitive triad.
According to the statistics, there were about 92 incidents of complaints in the city last year.
The government has not yet appointed a full chairman of the MPSC after Ashok Kumar Tigidi retired in November last year.
He said that according to the civil appeal No. 5272, which they have filed and after the Supreme Court has heard the case, it has been since 24th July this year and finally today, 3rd July. Naitung in the hearing has issued a decision to recognize the right of ownership of the citizens of Meghalaya under the 6th Schedule.
Nongpoh, Nailar 06: In an incident of landslide, stones have fallen on the National Highway in Shangbangla village today after heavy rainfall for several hours, which also caused a flood. The National Highway 6 was blocked for several hours.
Indian troops are currently on heavy patrol in parts of Ladakh and Arunachal Pradesh, while China has launched a massive military exercise in Tibet. also, that there are plans to increase the training in the middle of November
The strike will be led by the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Commercial Vehicles across the state and other low paid groups such as ASHA workers will also take part in the strike. , Aganwadi, Muster Roll and others.
Through this arrest, the total number of those involved in the case and those arrested has reached
That forest is not far away either.
Then Ranveer said 'Look at the meat in your mouth' and then I said 'Sei lem maphi kata' and that was the beginning of love and what we all three, who were in that mouth. “I don't know why,” said Deepika.
Shillong, November 03: Former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Abu Taher Mondal on Saturday joined the National People's Party (NPP) at a meeting held in Shillong.
He said the Assam government through Education Minister Ranoj Pegu has announced the closure of 800 schools with less than 30 students.
It is through that spirit of sincerity and kindness from our government that we can buy peace and stability between the people of Meghalaya and Assam.
This month, truck drivers have attacked the thew station at Umling in Ri-Bhoi district after they had to wait for many days to thew a truck carrying coal.
Isagaha Lawrynniang, BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, expressed his satisfaction with the opening of this market for the benefit of the farmers in the area.
On the part of these meat vendors, they expressed their dissatisfaction with the order that all meat shops should cover the meat shops with iong lights because they explained that if they cover the meat shops with iong lights, the public will be shocked when they walk. On the way, they check carefully which shop is more expensive and which shop is not more expensive, but they have to do according to the request that somehow they should give a white iit that can be used. see through the body of the meat so that the public who wants to buy meat knows whether they are ready to choose the meat.
These cameras will be operating throughout the area 24 hours a day through the implementation of electrical systems, they said, adding that they also have about four scanners. to examine the bodies of the people if they have hidden any weapons or other things, which shall be placed in that place.
In the near future, we will inaugurate the Agartala-Akhaura Railway Project.
The workshop was held at Sohmynting on the 18th of June.
After receiving a satisfactory reply from the Chief Minister, Bah Lyngdoh rejected the demand to take a decision and trusted that the government should do so immediately.
Debraj Nag of Laban Bengalee Boys' HSS came first with 472 marks and Sanjana Singhania of St Anthony's HSS came second in Commerce Stream with 465 marks.
The meeting was chaired by Bah S. Najiar, Executive Engineer, PHE Mawkyrwat. Speeches were delivered by Bah BB Shylla, Secretary Nongjri Village and Bah Listen Marweiñ. Mr. LGM Kharmih, SDO, Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
Because to kill the members of the party without a struggle is unacceptable.
“According to the RTI reply received on 27th November, 2022, it confirms the allegation that there has been an illegal promotion in the office of the SP, Fire and Emergency Service, " he said.
He said that the union is sorry to lodge a complaint with the KHADC to issue a trading license because it does not want to take the law into its own hands and the union has lodged a complaint with the KHADC. The union has received information that there are many shops of foreigners who do not have trading license and they operate their shops only with the NOC of the Rangbah Shnong. to take its own steps to conduct the issuance of trading license and also labor license in Nongpoh so that we can prevent these foreign trade activities without documents or licenses. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do these things,” he added.
However, since the government took over in 2014, electricity generation has increased by 185GW, and this has transformed the country from electricity shortage to electricity abundance.
He also praised the legislature for implementing Zero Hour in the process.
The death toll from the coronavirus in China has risen to 563, up 73 on Friday.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sounder S.Cajee said that this meeting is not a meeting of any political party but a meeting to invite the people who want or have the spirit. to bring about changes in many ways.
This means that the transparent part without color is the darkest part and the opague part is the brightest white part.
On this occasion, Meghalaya BJP President Ernest Mawrie said that even after 50 years of rule by many governments, many jobs have not been created for the youth in the state.
Prof. Nayak said that three bands from Indonesia, Singapore and Myanmar will perform along with the Color band.
Shillong, June 18: The State Government has planned to set up a Rain Museum and Research Center in Sohra. , the museum will provide information about Sohra and its surroundings, information about the lifestyle of the people, their customs and traditions and will also provide information about the wide Sohra.
Programs like Aspire Meghalaya can help them by providing them with the opportunity to showcase their talents and also encourage them to expect something better for their future.
The cause of death, according to doctors, was cardiac arrest.
Although the SP of East Khasi Hills has admitted that CCTV cameras have been installed, he declined to disclose the locations of the CCTV cameras. There is no way to commit illegal activities in this densely populated area which is the most difficult trading port in the state.
Replying to a question, the President said, “For the Shillong region, it depends on my personal opinion, but it will depend on the decision of the party as a whole. George Lyngdoh will be the best candidate.
The match was between Mylliem SC and Mawkhar SC, where the two teams shared 10 points each and 2 goals each.
She said that there is a lot of discrimination against women and that is why the laws against women have been passed.
Jowai, Jymmang 20: A court order has seized 1615.49 MT of coal from Shkentalang.
At the beginning of the programme, M.Sangma, BLO Supervisor gave a speech.
The State Government has rejected the proposal submitted by the HPC on 25th June 2022 to provide 200 sq. meters of land to 342 households in the European Ward without compensation. for the building of their houses.
It is here that we should elect legislators who have a shared concern for literacy in the state.
Ampati 29, July 2013: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today urged the Nokmas Village Authorities in Garo Hills to empower them to promote social development.
He said that many youths especially in the rural areas have to support themselves when they go to school and many times they miss classes by working just to pay for classes.
The BJP in West Bengal has already released the implementation policy for the upcoming Panchayat elections in the state.
He said that there are only two policemen and the drivers do not respect these policemen and it is not safe for the employees in the area as well as for the policemen.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu, on 23rd June, has imposed Section 144 CrPC for the 4th July, which is the polling day for the Lok Sabha elections. to ensure the maintenance of peace and order.
It is best to pray for clarity on what kind of leaders you will elect in the near future.
If you walk like in Motphran and Khyndailad, it is the same.
Therefore, on Tuesday, 25th March, the leaders and members of the JAC came together to discuss with the FKJGP on this issue.
She went on to compete in the tournament where she won from the start to the final.
Like these, what the state government creates stands and stands.
But I heard that he did not speak our language.
When asked whether BJP leaders from Central will come to campaign for the NPP, Sangma said; “However, I cannot speak for them, and whether they come or not, the important thing is that their leaders and office bearers in the state have an important role to play in bringing about change. Many of the BJP leaders especially from the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills today attended the meeting and expressed their gratitude and at the same time they expressed their sorrow. However, we have tried to explain to them about this concern by ensuring the unity of the NDA and that they will win from all the two seats.
Shillong, March 16: Taxi drivers Khyndailad on Saturday marched out to carry pla cards as a sign of protest against the arrest of their President on Tuesday.
It damages trees by absorbing water from the bark of the trees.
May Behdie?khlam 2022 bring peace, unity and prosperity to all in all aspects.
Pooja's relatives alleged that Pooja was tortured and beaten by her in-laws because her relatives did not pay the dowry.
The match was played at the Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium, Guwahati.
He said that the construction of the statue has been progressing rapidly and is almost completed, as the aim is to complete it on time and to open it on the ninth anniversary of the death of the monument. (L) Maieit Hopingstene Lyngdoh on the 26th of November this year.
After joining East Bengal as Assistant Coach in 2020, he was also appointed as Interim Coach for the 2021-22 season.
The match between Senegal and Ecuador was also very exciting as Senegal's victory came at an unexpected time.
The project is also planned to provide water to 198,997 people by 2042, as well as for 413,701 residents by
He wrote “I am now the destroyer of the world” means “I am now the destroyer of the world”.
So we look forward to fulfilling these aspirations and dreams of the people of the State,” he said.
Marki Mulieh, the only MDC from the opposition, moved the motion, but it was rejected by the Speaker of the House, saying it was not clear and also moved the amendment. on the Bill, but later had to withdraw it because all the other members of the House approved it as it was.
The department has ordered that vehicles registered with M&N should not have FASTag from July 1,
He urged the Rotarian members to be good examples to others and by doing so the Rotary Club will gain the trust of many.
Everyone gives their support to TOPCEM because they were given support when they needed it.
Allan Rymbai and Teiboklang Biam won the second and third prizes in the men's category while Phyrnai Kyndait and Nangkiewsuki Slong won the women's category.
According to police, the family members of the woman have lodged a complaint against the husband and his family members on suspicion of involvement in the murder and robbery. body in this pool of water.
Country by country, kingdom by kingdom to this day.
Guwahati: Three policemen have been arrested for robbing T.20 lakh from a woman from Mizoram.
In this regard, the BJP Government has been able to achieve success in all areas and all programs especially development works for the poor and backward communities.
A considerable numbers of rivers rise in the hills but are of little importance as a mease of communications within the boundaries of the District.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has planned to build a shopping mall at Barik Point so that the youth and children can shop. to spend time in leisure activities.
“Why are so many people using this mobile phone?
Inrilaidor expressed her happiness over the score of eight goals after the opponent's goalkeeper failed to save. ) to another goal that passed through her hands.
He also admitted that there are many Congress leaders who have come this time to support the UDP candidate. When asked about the feelings of Bah Snaitang, the UDP said, “The road leads there, but if the people do not participate, the future is dark”.
And when Jesus was come near the mount of Olives, he sent two of his disciples, saying unto them, Go ye into the village over against you; and he that was not able to walk before the earth.
Rymbai said that at present in the roster system which has been implemented since 1972, Garo youth are the beneficiaries while Khasi Jaintia youth are the losers although there are 36 Khasi Jaintia MLAs.
He was also arrested by the Gujarat police this evening for accusing the Prime Minister of the collapse of the Morbi Bridge in the state which has claimed many lives. .
Exercise for at least one hour a day helps to stimulate the body which improves blood circulation and improves blood vessels.
From the results of the elections announced yesterday, we see that the people of different states of India do not vote for the same parties but vote in their own states. different political parties.
It is understood that this project will also involve other private companies which will be contractors, companies, which will take over many of the works to build houses for the residents. employees and other outsourced activities around the world, especially for the special construction projects related to the Svamitva project.
Dr. Bishnoi was accompanied by Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem, Superintendent of Police (Traffic) Shailendra Bamaniya and other police officials.
In the Men's 50m breaststroke, Ningombam Jeson Meitei of Manipur (00:31.75), Thouba Meitei (00:32.26) of Manipur came second and Mriganga Gogoi (00:32.51) of Assam came second. in the third place.
Without knowing the truth, don't believe it.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, HFU Secretary Bah Alfond Kharsyntiew said that the HFU's goal is to train farmers to raise breeding cows. neither shall any man judge them.
The group also warned that if the authorities do not listen, there will be protests in Garo Hills.
“The project is rescheduled for completion in the first half of 2014.
According to a statement issued by the police, the raid was conducted after receiving a tip that Mallik and his associates were trying to smuggle goods (jaiñ and umphniang) across the border. in Bangladesh.
Nongkasen, March 9: The Inter House Football Tournament 2022 was held on Saturday with the participation of six teams from different countries. in the region.
Modi said there should be no despair, but there should be great expectations that will lead the country forward.
He said that this was why there was no poverty among the early Christians.
The insurgent outfit raised the issue of the recent case of arrest of Alemla Jamir, wife of Phungting Shimrang, former commander-in-chief of NSCN (IM), and raised serious concerns.
Bah Sumar has a voice that is sweet and sweet.
Posting on social media is not done.
However, after talks with the government, they asked them to stop the protest to read the 52 laws that the government has issued to the political parties related to the entry of foreigners into the country. state and after completing their studies, they will come back to talk to the government.
The new arrangement will be for the financial assistance from the Government of India to the District Councils, the increase in the number of MDCs and also the renaming of the District Councils from District Councils to Territorial Councils. Karbi Anglong Autonomous Territorial Council (KAATC), Dima Hasao Autonomous Territorial Council (DHATC), Garo Hills Autonomous Territorial Council (GHATC), Khasi Hills Autonomous Territorial Council (KHATC), Jaintia Hills Autonomous Territorial Council (JHAusC) Area Tripura and Autopura Territorial Council (TTAATC).
All those present expressed that they are no longer happy with the post of Rangbah Shnong of Bah Let.
East Khasi Hills District came second and Eastern West Khasi Hills District came fourth.
It is learned that there was a heavy fire in these factories and after that, the troops opened fire on the people in these places.
Shillong: Sohra, today, received 523.4mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.
The Session of the Legislative Assembly will start on 4th June.
He said that through the arrest of another person involved in planting an IED bomb at the gate of the NPP office, he has confessed that he was the one who went to plant the bomb at the gate of the NPP office. He also arrested four others involved in the case.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 11: The hard work and hard work of the farmers of the villages in the four districts of Umyiap area has shown throughout the area.
Perhaps one day, the ruling party can introduce such a bill and that will be a victory for this MLA. to inform the state of the need for laws so that the rule of law can be efficient.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has approved the name of the PDF which means 'Phetwir Democratic Front', as the MDCs who joined it are those who have fled and turned away. tdong is one of the parties.
Speaking to media, Prestone said he has not yet made any arrangement from the state government to go to Delhi to meet the Union Defense Minister, Amit Shah. Discuss the Inner Line Permit.
This shows the Government's commitment to sustainable agriculture and the welfare of more than 120 million farmers covering about 141 billion hectares of land.
In the first phase, Sarma said that out of T.5 lakh, the beneficiaries will have to return about T.2.5 lakh without interest and the remaining will be provided by the government.
National Membership incharge Dr Dinesh Sharma has appointed Bah HS Myrthong as Convener and Sanjiv Baidya as Co-Convener for the registration of BJP members in the state. October 21, 2015.
In this form they tried to purify the blood and maintain isolation.
In a statement, the President of the KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, said that the arrear to be released by the government will be 25 percent.
It is to be recalled that the Dwarksuid Bridge in Umïam is one of the bridges which has collapsed and has been reported to have endangered the traffic of the people. The Bailey Bridge has also been used for the passage of heavy vehicles and the reason is that the bridge has collapsed and in the past years there have been many demands to block the passage of heavy vehicles.
Liberty and the Constitution accept and respect all religions and all have the right to preach and teach.
On the UCC, he said the BJP has been listening for the past nine and a half years but now that the elections are approaching, it has brought up this issue and it is clear that it is just an election ploy for the people.
Another issue is the lack of adequate training facilities.
NEHUSU feels that such an allegation against them is an attempt to silence the voice of the students who are fighting for their rights especially the problems faced by the students at Tura Campus.
He also reminded that the Khasi identity is rooted in the land, the kur and the language, which needs to be preserved for the future of the society.
Shillong: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MDC and MLA from Mawkynrew, on Tuesday said that as an MDC, he is still in the opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). He is in power with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
Steps will be taken to complete more projects before 2025-26 to reduce expenditure beyond this year.
Why do you say that? Let us see; February 2023 (02:21pm IST) Under the umbrella of Ghar Wapsi, RSS priestesses in Chhattisgarh have visited 36 Catholic families to perform the baptism of children. as a sign of welcoming them back to the Hindu religion.
The third name is HIDEKEL, which means Assyria.
On the other hand, Lyang Sangma said that he has received a license from the Government and now he sells these wines in his kiad shops.
When contacted by R.Kynjing, SDO(PHE) Khliehriat Sub-Division, she said that the SDO(PHE) Khliehriat Sub-Division has given a copy to the government official. The toilet scheme has never asked for assistance or come to meet with the SDO office to cooperate on this issue, but it has promised to take action on this issue.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 38 lakh with 83,833 new cases in the past 24 hours and 1,043 deaths. The death toll has risen to 67,0
At this meeting, the Council's memorial book will also be launched.
On the other hand, Ka Sur Ki Nong Mawlai has demanded that the political parties should speak out and demand immediately from the Government to release and make public the results of the independent investigation headed by one person. Justice T.Vaiphei is the man.
Shillong: U EM of KHADC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today convened a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of 8 villages of Raid Laban together with the Khasi Student Union Laban Circle to discuss the issuance of NOCs. take trading license.
On the other hand, PDF leader and Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh has refused to resign from the NPP-led MDA government as promised by Pynshngain N Syiem.
But the people didn't talk about the poison anymore, they talked about death.
“The NPP leader said it is clear that neither the AITC nor the Congress will hold power in
Sonam didn't have anything to do with Deepika and she didn't do anything wrong.
Ka Kong Rep was pleased to donate food as a thank you for getting a job for her son in her village.
It is the duty of the children to repay them with love and respect, not with wealth or possessions.
The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) has been on strike for three days in front of the Secretariat. .
ODOP-State Nodal Officer, Bah Maqbool Lyngdoh Suiam was also present on the occasion.
At the same time, he strongly condemned the authorities, who have dared to turn and destroy other villages in the Shella and Sohra areas.
This will lead to maximum participation.
Firstborn contested the MDC election from War East with 851 votes.
Similarly, the Inquiry Wing of the Meghalaya Lokayukta is constituted under Section 11 of the Act to be headed by a Director of Inquiry who should not be under the rank of Additional Secretary of the State Government.
This repatriation of these ancient artifacts is a sign of the Government's efforts to preserve and recover the valuable artifacts of India.
WJDSA Hon's General Secretary Lammat Laloo said that the 3rd Adelbert Memorial Trophy has been postponed due to the ongoing football tournament at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
When we say income has a very broad meaning behind it, therefore, sometimes there are some who cannot understand the meaning of “income” and start misusing it. a path that does not fit the social norms just to accumulate money easily.
The skill of the Meghalaya bowlers, who were eager for victory, made it difficult for Nagaland to increase the runs to reach the target.
There have been 62,064 new cases in the past 24 hours and 1,007 deaths.
The leaves grew thicker and thicker as time went by, so darkness covered the whole universe and the 'fire' fled into the wilderness and never returned with mankind and creatures. that's why it's dumb.
BJP MLA Jaimangal Kanojia was reportedly arrested in Maharajganj, Uttar Pradesh.
Besides the problems related to the availability of adequate drinking water in the hilly areas where women have to walk long distances to fetch water for their daily needs, the Meghalaya government has has taken action on this issue and ensured that water reaches every household.
He said that apparently, the government has not taken action on this issue because yesterday, the union saw that the police just asked for and checked the documents and released them. car.
The remains of the deceased were taken to the funeral home in Ialong and the funeral service will be held on the 12th June
According to the father, it is understood that she went after her boyfriend.
Speaking on the issue of Freedom, he said that as citizens or members of the Bharat Scouts & Guides Movement we have many things to do for the society. He urged the District Administration to take action in relation to education as at this time there is a lot of impact on the education of the children especially those living in the rural areas.
Let them rule or run their own Garoland according to their knowledge, skills and abilities and let us also rule our own 'Hynniewtrep State' according to our knowledge, skills and abilities.
In the health sector much still needs to be done.
She demanded that the government should pay compensation of T.3 lakh to the injured, as it is clear that the state government cannot maintain peace.
The JNV leaders said that the woman was arrested with the help of a foreigner who called her to bring three women.
The four Congress MLAs who have been suspended from joining the NPP are Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Kimfa Marbaniang and Mohendro Rapsang.
The incident happened at 1 pm this morning, when the woman and the members of the BWC, went to conduct a search operation. They said that they have received many complaints from the public and that they have changed the way women leave the Dhaba.
Besides the AJYCP, the All Tai Ahom Chatra Sanstha has also appealed to the Supreme Court of India demanding the implementation of the ILP.
It also produces about 12 types of non-commercial radioactive materials.
Meanwhile, the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare said that NEIGRIHMS should start providing special training to doctors, as there is still a shortage of specialists in the state and this will help a lot. government and the public.
Mumbai: Suhana Khan, the beautiful daughter of Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khan, has turned 21 years old.
Mawkyrwat, November 27: U Bah Carness Sohshang, MDC of Mawkyrwat Constituency, in his speech as the chief guest at the celebration of Ujjwal Bharat Bhavishya @ 2047 in South West Khasi Hills District, reminded that India Our country has increased in all aspects and in terms of electricity availability it has been able to supply electricity to about 99% and less than about 1% and it is expected that soon the target will be achieved. within the year
The man is a senior supporter of the ruling Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS).
When asked about Sanbor Shullai's claim that there is an agreement that after two and a half years, AL Hek will hand over the post of Minister to Sanbor. Sanbor, you have nothing to do with the Party.
Police said the CRPF commandos were attacked by suspected GNLA militants while they were raiding their camp.
He said that through this festival, it will also be an opportunity to promote the people of the State and the culture.
“The increase in the price of kyaid in the state by 25 percent will help the state to collect revenue of Rs 120 to Rs 130 crore,” said a statement from the Excise Department.
I wonder how the Virgin Mary could give birth to this great man of the world.
She alleged that Dr. War has admitted that he has no knowledge of the cost of the fight against COVID-19 which amounts to more than T.800 crore.
Perhaps, readers here now will be confused when they read about this fraction 0.5 or
The meeting also decided to urge the government to take action so that these security forces do not stop even the villages which are no longer within the border.
“Until now I have not taken any decision, I have to decide with the people who used to join us, whether I will contest or support any candidate,” said Albinus Kharbani.
As evidence that the evidence found contained in the documents and electronic devices seized by the Enforcement Directorate (ED), his lawyer told the court that it is not easy to destroy. he shall not be ashamed of them if he be released on bail.
For your convenience, we hope that the Government will not ignore this proposal especially if it has nothing to hide.
In a world like this, there are many gains and losses.
KSU Mynksan Unit today under the leadership of President Samla I.Law and General Secretary Samla E.Shadap together with several members met with the Engineer in charge of this project. He also promised in front of the union to take immediate action to send the contractor to start working again in this village.
He said RAN is a scheme of the central government where all beneficiaries belonging to the poor household (BPL) are entitled to receive this scheme up to T.2 lakh.
The victim is the second son of Khraity Marwein. The family members of the victim said that the victim has a mental illness. Before he died, the man had recovered from the disease.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, today congratulated the students who have passed well and came in the first division in the SSLC examination. , he honored 51 youths from Patharkhmah and Jirang.
Like Meghalaya, J&K has also lost all four times.
Nongstoiñ, July 20: It will be a memorable story in the history of the people of Maweit area, after more than 50 years of suffering due to the neglect of the government authorities and leaders, but now On the other hand, the PWD department has allocated Rs 98 crore through the World Bank for the construction of the 23 kilometer intermediate lane from Nongstoiñ to Maweit.
It is learned that the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (ETWA) has said that it has no incident but the incident is still happening.
In November 2019, BJP MP Tapir Gao said China had occupied 50-60 kilometers of Indian territory in Arunachal Pradesh.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is in charge of the Urban Development Department, said that the implementation of the Smart City project in the state has progressed well.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Khasi Welfare Association (KJWA), Mawkhar has invited those students who have passed Class VIII and who wish to apply for the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS).
“This information has come from the Additional Secretary to the MHA, Manish Goel, that the meeting will be held on the 29th of this month at 4:30 pm,” he said.
Organizing Secretary: Samla Jestice Kharbyngar6.
With the decision of Bah Shylla to contest again in the upcoming elections, it is understood that the mid-term MDC elections from Nongkrem will be one of the most peaceful.
However, the High Court said that a second Plan B is needed which should be well-founded and address the needs of all in the event of a power outage.
Earlier this month, the protesters met with Sports Minister Anurag Thakur and decided that the election of the federation should be held on the 30th of this month.
As soon as the Governor began his speech, VPP leader Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit stood up to express his opposition to the Speaker of the House that Meghalaya is not a Hindi speaking state.
The earthquake struck severely, destroying many houses, churches, hotels and many other famous buildings in the country.
We read in the Bible that in Canaan (Palestine) they used an ass or a camel to pull the yoke.
Furthermore, in Shillong, the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society in collaboration with the Presbyterian Youth Assembly, Mawlai Nongkwar and the Meghalaya State Blood Transfusion Council held a NVBDD at the Presbyterian Church, Mawlai Nongkwar in the presence of Dr. (Mrs) R Allya. Dr (Mrs) C Budnah, Member Secretary, Bah AMS Kharsati, Chairman, Presbyterian Youth Assembly, Mawlai Nongkwar and others.
“Our victory as a group in the case against the government which has banned us from participating in politics has also helped the people of Mawlai to recognize me,” he said. Brightstarwell.
The session of Parliament will start on July 4 and end on July
They also said that there are families who have to contribute money to buy motors, electrical wires and pipes to supply water to their homes.
The center to be set up in Sohra will also provide information on rainfall in other states in the North East as well as special information on rainfall in Sohra.
Chwamiki Paswet scored 37 runs (4×4 and 1×6), Kuneki Lato scored 15 runs (2×4).
“I have been clear on this issue, I have full faith in my constituency.
The Principal of the school fled the scene and the journalists could not meet him. Police have come to investigate the incident and the police have come to investigate the incident. Several plastic items were also collected for forensic examination.
Besides, it will also help to obtain loans from banks so that the farmer groups can purchase these vehicles.
“Yes, I will.
Shillong, October 23: UDP Youth Wing General Secretary Hamlet Dohling has written to the Chief General Manager NE-1 Circle of BSNL Shillong regarding his announcement on October The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has announced that it will provide services to the public during the holidays from the 24th to the 27th of this month.
A detailed explanation on solar energy was also given by the Assistant Director (SOLAR) of MNREDA, Rafikul Islam.
In a video shot by Suraj's friends, it was seen that Gupta's relatives and friends were angry and tried to argue with the security guards in front of the police station. Emergency Room of the hospital.
The Archbishop of Colombo, Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith, today held a mass at a church near his residence. radio stations across Sri Lanka.
Perhaps there are many more things that she has done for us Khasi, but we are unfortunate because we are ruled by foreign powers who try to distort the information about her.
In the first half, SCA-B lost the toss and elected to bat first and scored 185/8 in 28 overs.
If the government does not listen to these demands, the groups under the Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) have vowed to take action.
As MLA, he has tried to bring about many development projects, from improving education, health, farmers and if he wins again he will try to monitor the development projects by saying that the Nongpoh road- Umden-Sonapur should have received the allocation in 2022 but many of the trees have been allocated from the World Bank because the people in power in the PWD have criticized Bah Mayral Born Syiem, and This is also included in the budget of the House, because they are afraid that if this road is successful, Bah Mayral will become famous.
Up to 48 Billiards & Snooker players came to take part in the tournament which ended on 29th July.
The Chiefs of Army Staff also met with the Governor at Raj Bhavan and during the meeting they discussed the issues related to the state and how to develop the region.
Noting that the National People's Party has failed to fulfill its promises to uplift women, Sharma said the condition of health centers for women and children in the state is poor. isynei, where the state has a sharp increase in maternal and infant mortality.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 06: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Ranikor Constituency has been strengthening its activities in preparation for the 2023 elections. The UDP Mawmerang Primary Unit (UDP) Mawmerang Primary Unit (UDP) Mawmerang Primary Unit (UDP) has confirmed its office bearers.
I don't know why, but I want the press to find out where this great singer of our country is, if it's true that he's in bed, we'll put it. Please pray for his recovery so that he can produce more beautiful and meaningful songs.
Through these two goals, Lamare SC didn't give up but continued to fight with all their might and in the 39th minute they scored the first goal through Nelson Rymbai. Selajong FT scored another goal in the 44th minute through Chestar Lyngdoh.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 28 cases including 16 cases from High Risk, 11 cases from Mihmyntdu Cluster and one case from Screening.
The advantage to the Sadducees was that they would be able to hold on to the rule of law by linking themselves with the supreme rulers, that is, with the emperors of the Roman Empire.
HDR Lyngdoh died while undergoing treatment at Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
Office bearers of the Primary Unit of Ïalong Village: Adviser Marki Mulieh, Chairman Bormi Dhar, Vice Chairman Arki Pale, Secretary Budmi Pale and Lumi Pohleng.
Also present on the occasion were Phiralin Nongbet, Mrs. Classic India Pageant 2019, Marjorie Noreen Dunai, Mrs. Shillong 2019, teacher Evarihun Warjri and others.
He said that on the part of the people of Mawlai, they do not demand anything that cannot be done, but the demand is that these police chiefs should be temporarily suspended while the investigation is ongoing so that there will be no demand. the investigation is not clean.
Shillong: U Congress MLA, Saleng A Sangma, on Tuesday said that in Meghalaya, there are no robbers but how can robbers enter almost every day.
“We have decided to clear all the arrears of the Council employees and officers for those who are currently employed as well as those who have received pensions.
The District Transport Officer, East Jaintia Hills District on Thursday announced that commercial vehicles will be allowed to operate at odd rates. -even number within the district in the coming month.
The District Transport Officer, East Jaintia Hills District on Thursday announced that commercial vehicles will be allowed to operate at odd rates. -even number within the district in the coming month.
He said that the Government should not rush to issue the Notification until there is a discussion as there is no real empowerment of the District Council Courts, Subordinate Courts or Village Courts.
Meanwhile, Aton Mungleng from Manipur said that many of the youths who join the insurgency are those who have passed only class five, class nine or class six who are eager to study and join the insurgency.
Therefore, she appealed to all the students and the public without exception to join hands to bring about health by refusing to say, “Em Ïa U Duma Sla”.
The court also strongly criticized the state government for saying that the illegal mining will disappear over time, but in fact the illegal mining has not reached anywhere. .
“It is difficult at this time, whatever you do to get rid of these people,” said Bah Kynta.
“Where is my mother?” asked Lydia. “It's still a lot of work.
The series is produced by Munjal Shroff and Tilakraj Shetty of Graphiti Studios.
Therefore, through this statement and through this article, I urge the Government especially the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to think carefully from time to time on this issue so that it will not have any impact on the country. feelings of believers.
Under this scheme, the SMB together with the Urban Affairs Department has already started distributing niut to each and every household within the Municipal area.
The Meghalaya High Court on Friday ruled that the illegal coal mining factories in West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills have been closed down. issue no orders in respect of illegal mining, transportation of illegally mined coal and operation of illegal coal burning plants.
He said that this act of violence by the Assam Police shows that the leaders of the Meghalaya Government are very weak because of their lack of respect for the Meghalaya Government. The FKJGP strongly condemns the police who have committed this crime and condemns the shooting of the people of Meghalaya. The Assam government has decided to do this without the permission of the higher authorities.
All nine of them said that they have left the UDP at a meeting held on the 3rd at the home of Bah Airmarshall Diengngan at Kulang, Nongjri-Borsora.
In this final round, they have won three consecutive matches without losing and tomorrow's match is the most important as they will fight to reach the final.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07 : The Meghalaya Deaf Association (MDA) on Monday celebrated the honor of Alexander Lyngdoh, a group of people with disabilities. He won the World Arm Wrestling Championship in Turkey.
According to information received by RTI from the hospital in July last year, the Joint Director has appointed the employees since they came to work.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony, Bah Macmillan said that the door of the NPP is open 24 hours a day and as the party we need to work together for the sake of the 22 members. for the good of the constituency and for the state as well.
Khliehriat, June 4: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District in a letter submitted to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District on 1st June 2022 has requested that the C&RD office be implemented as usual. Block Saipung will operate fully from Saipung, as at present this office operates from Latyrke and the Union urges the DC to take action on this.
May 21, 2021.
The employees of the Board have not only been waiting for the arrear for a long time but have not received their salary for two months and this has caused them more problems.
However, Nongdawah didn't lose heart and it was only in the 28th minute that Robert Khongjoh scored the third goal and Dibin Nongspung added another goal in the 31st minute. Mission won 2-1
Tolis Sna lodged a complaint that on July 7, robbers stole power cables of BSNL and Airtel worth T.1,33,798 from Mupliang village, West Jaintia Hills.
The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that although he lost the last MLA election, he wishes that the people of Sohra will vote for him. The Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) and the desire to upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to District status will be achieved under the leadership of the MDA-II Government. He said that the factory will succeed and hopes that through the initiative of the MDA-II Government during this term.
“The religious leaders will meet the Prime Minister after June 2015 and demand that an Act of Parliament should be passed for the construction of the Ram Temple on the site”.
“Isn't it useful that we have people of God like the late Rev.JJM Nichol's Roy who brought in the Six Schedule which has protected us until now we are as we are. There is a great man who is a man of God, what do you say?” said the news.
To reduce the risk of tobacco, India needs to conduct a public awareness program on the risk of tobacco.
NPP President Conrad Sangma recently released the Report Card to the People on 12th July 2023 which lists the works of the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP. The following month, AITC General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee urged the NPP to release the five-year report card and to release the five-year report card. There are 10 projects in Meghalaya.
From that day on, they allowed the old man to eat at the table with a plate, no longer with a stick, and they didn't care if he covered the table with a clean cloth. , or even if you don't drop it with a bitter plate.
However, Dr Bom expressed his satisfaction that the farmers have received their share of the agriculture.
Hesprin Thongni scored two goals in the 7th and 46th minutes and Constan Iawren scored 2 goals in the 7th and 46th minutes. 41 & 64, Charlie Syiemlieh and Blooming Lyngdoh scored in the 51st and 68th minutes respectively.
On Thursday, the residents including vendors, shopkeepers and others came out early in the morning to clean up the entire Iawmusiang.
ISIS militants say the Yazidis are demon worshipers and that there are about 50,000 of them, about half of them children, who hide in caves. in these areas and they will be killed by ISIS fighters and then they will be killed by the extreme heat and then the hunger, because these shyiap areas, are in the temperature of up to 42C. Photos show Yazidi people carrying the bodies of dozens of children who were killed by ISIS militants. those women, whose husbands were killed, in order to hand them over to young ISIS fighters.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that in the last four years, the Government has provided housing to 40,000 and 50,000 households and this year, the Government has a target to provide housing to 40,000 and 50,000 households. lakh 40 thousand households in the state.
Regarding the damage to crops, Eastern West Khasi Hills District has also been severely affected in the areas of Myrïaw, Mawkamoit and Massar, as these areas are suitable for cultivation of riewhadem, sohsaw. , sweet potatoes, jhur, sweet potatoes and others.
For those under 45 years of age, the fee is T.10 lakh while those between 30-45 years of age should receive T.12 lakh.
They also agreed that the Dorbar should take action on the issues of the Khasi Jaintia people and to bring about an agreement with the Union of Khasi and Jaintia Rangbah Shnong. you have been written bria.
On this occasion, 14 elderly residents, 7 households who clean the village, 7 residents who work in the children's food distribution centers were also honoured. and three ASHAs working within the village.
In the past few days, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, has been under severe complaint over his tweets, which have angered many youths and others. , the recommendations of the State Government and finally, which angered many, was that those who do not agree with the politics of differences, should go to North Korea.
However, the officers of the Forest Department, when they saw these trucks carrying rnga, closed their eyes and turned away.
Through the release and reading of this book, we have learned more about the struggle of Phan Nonglait against the British in the Hima Nongkhlaw in the years 1929 to
“The Government will subsidize 18% of the 5,000 women's health centres,” she added.
According to the Municipal officer, two niut bottles worth T.248 each have been distributed to each household.
As the organization which listens to the concerns of the people, we feel that it is necessary to conduct a proper explanation to the people through the media or writings to all the Association Tourists that they should not take the fare as directed by the Tourist Association. Edmund K Khongngai, President and Secretary, HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle, said a statement.
The official said that the continuous monitoring will help in reducing the risks associated with the production and use of plastic items.
The complaint alleged that Marcuise distributed his report card for the year 2018-2022 during his election campaign.
In Shillong, until now, we don't know where the writers, who have violated the laws of the state government, live, we don't know where the others who have been infected, live and we only know, that there is a curfew, in some parts of the city and other than that, we don't know anything else at all.
However, all this was in vain because the polo manager, the KHASI Hills Archery Sports Institute (KHASI), had done too much.
This is after they won the election because there were no candidates.
It is learned that these gates of KHADC have been operating illegally and have also collected taxes illegally from many vehicles carrying goods, especially those driven by foreigners.
Israeli Prime Minister Nir Barkat told Sky News, “We still know that there are 40 children whose houses have been burnt down and beheaded and some of them have been shot. “All those terrorists, their headquarters and those involved with Hamas will be completely destroyed.
At the same time, in a statement, Bah Preios Pale and Bah John Pala President HYC and JYC expressed their deep sorrow regarding the increase in electricity bill even after the lack of electricity. electricity which has affected the residents.
We talk about the border only when such incidents happen,” said Robertjune.
In Lyngkyrdem Constituency, the Congress ticket has been given to Bah J.Tynsong, MDC of Lyngkyrdem Constituency.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Frontier Headquarters on Tuesday denied the involvement of BSF troops in the attack on groups of people or damaged any private vehicles at Sonapyrdi village, East Jaintia Hills. This was announced by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit.
These non-communicable diseases ranging from high blood pressure, diabetes, cancer and stroke have affected people aged 30 to 69 years.
Among the 100 MP candidates for the Shillong Lok Sabha seat, Jemino Mawthoh, Romeo Phira, Sanbor Shullai, Samuel Hahshah, THS Boney and Vincent Pala have no doubt that they will win. between these two is Bah Jemino-Pala (BJP).
The difference between India and China is clear, and Rijiju said the Mac Mohan line is very difficult where the security forces cannot stay for 12 months.
On the other hand, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle led by Samla J. Paul Lyngdoh, Education Secretary of the union, together with other members, met with Bah M. Kurbah, Chief Executive Officer of MePDCL to discuss the issue. problems that this hospital has faced.
Shillong, July 17 : U MLA of Mawryngkneng Constituency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Dorbar Hall of the Shillong Village Council.
We cannot expect to harvest and gather the rice while many of us are still sowing the rice.
“From what happened during her tenure as CEM and until these days we can clearly understand that politics cannot or will not protect for the people,” he said. .
He admitted that they had invited him to join the group on the pretext of strengthening the government.
The Congress on Tuesday accused the BJP-led government of failing to complete its work for the construction of the railway line in the area where the incident occurred. He said the CBI should have lodged a complaint against Railway Minister Ashwini Vaishnaw and Prime Minister Narendra Modi for their stingy counting.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Brol said that as a leader, he has worked hard to bring about those development projects which have been submitted by the Joint Secretary of the Party and he promised to continue working. Moreover, if the people allow him to become an MLA again in this year's MLA elections.
He suffered from asthma and went to Mairang for treatment.
The weather in Delhi has been going on for months and many Meghalayans living in Delhi have come to exhibit their beverages and agricultural products. They said that the wind is really bad and it is difficult to breathe.
When asked whether the state government has the authority to demand the suspension of the contract even after the project has been awarded to NHIDCL, the source said the government wants this because of the inability of the ARSS to complete. all the rules that have been laid down.
Not only Rida but also her mother is very sad about what happened in her house.
Sunhemp is also suitable for planting in many parts of Khasi-Jaintia.
Mawkynrew, June 21: KSU Mawkynrew Circle on the 19th of this month under the leadership of Vincent Makri, Executive Member in charge of Eastern Central and President of Mawkynrew Circle Michael Lawai and members. They visited another school in Umsaw War village, Umsaw War LP School, which has been abandoned by the authorities since 2016 in June after the storm. destroy the school.
“However, we have so many robbers here that we can't even shepherd the sheep,” said Ardent.
While inspecting the schools that have been destroyed in Madan and Khlieh Umwang, the MLA said that he will take action to talk to the government, so that these schools can be rebuilt and rebuilt. It is for the benefit of the school children in these villages.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the DMHO of Ri-Bhoi District said that these diseases are caused by the infection of mosquitoes such as AEDES. he turns to one man and goes back to another.
The Seng strongly condemns these actions of the HSPDP under the leadership of Bah KP Pangniang as President and their uncertainty through the statements that change from time to time on this issue.
Shillong, November 17: There have been many political changes in the state in 2015 but most of them have been in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
“We have searched for them and will arrest them immediately,” said Bah Syiem.
“Meghalaya along with the other states in the North East has been able to produce many talented athletes from this region, but the lack of adequate training “It's a great way to research the new sports talents of the children which makes it difficult to develop the talents of the children of the area,” said Rijiju. He has set himself a goal and that is that by the time the 2028 Olympic Games arrive, India should enter the top 40 among the countries participating in the Games in terms of In order to achieve this goal, the North Eastern State has a role to play in helping to achieve this goal.
The project has been completed at a cost of T.15.15 crore.
It will also be necessary to shorten the clearances of the surrounding hills.
However, later, it postponed it to 22, 23 and 24 June.
The meeting was part of the efforts to strengthen the opposition and the meeting also discussed the upcoming meeting of all the leaders of the opposition. to a Partner.
Speaking to reporters, the Director General of Police, LR Bishnoi said, “After receiving this information about the presence of Jihadi militants in Assam, we have sent a patrol to all. district police stations and outposts especially those on the border with Bangladesh.
He said that in these days, MECL has taken steps to provide electricity and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also taken steps to provide electricity. this bag tree.
Several houses have been severely damaged in the earthquake but have not been badly damaged.
Shillong, Nailar 24: A BSF soldier at Pyrdiwah BPO has committed suicide by committing suicide. The name of the soldier has not been confirmed yet. Speaking to u SP News Agency, SDPO Sohra, Bah Ian Onel Swer, said that he has not yet received any details on the incident. he passed the ladder.
“Therefore, on these grounds, KHNAM has suggested to the CEM to change this and put back a clear statement that only Khasi can vote and participate in the MDC election. During the discussion, the CEM promised to take action and urged the KHNAM leaders to convey this issue to the Minister of District Council Affairs.
To encourage the players who came to participate in the tournament, the DSO office also distributed personal prizes to the best players for the Best Player award. Ilabynta Lyngdoh of Umling Block won the Best Player title for the girls and Faster Saring of Bhoirymbong Block won the Best Player title for the boys.
“Now any central government office from Delhi can send directly to the account of any beneficiary resident whether he lives in rural Wapung, Rymbai, Jaintia Hills or Umroi,” he said. , Umsning is located in the district of Meghalaya.
He said that the Chief Minister Social Assistant of the Government has been paying food aid to the disabled across the state.
• The implementation of the scheme will be with the participation of Managing Committees, Panchayati Raj Dorbars, Village Education Committees, Teachers' and Parents' Associations and Tribal Autonomous Councils in the management of schools.
He said that the government has not yet responded to the letter sent by the KSU East Jaintia Hills leaders to oppose the state government's plan to bring a railway line to the area.
He said the KSU will also send a letter to the Union Minister in charge of MHRD, Prakash Javadekar, who will visit Shillong on 20th November.
As usual, the first day of the festival will begin with the Ksing Lumpaid at 12:30 pm at the ground floor of the Ïing Seng in Mawkhar.
This is in accordance with the order of the NIA court in Guwahati on Saturday.
Furthermore, the party has condemned Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is also in charge of the Law Department and MLA of Mawkyrwat. Last month, Bah Rowell went to Umdohlun to hold a public meeting and at that public meeting he said that the construction of the road is not for the mining of uranium. “From now on, he should not mislead the people,” said the General Secretary of KSU SWKH, Samla Forwardmen Nongrem.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong, 09: The Creator has blessed the West Khasi Hills and the State as a whole through the creation and preservation of the precious resources, forests, beautiful nature, the spiritual landscape. clean, sweet rivers, bright mountains, and sweet rivers have dried up.
"First of all, to all the members of the HYC who can see through this news, let us not be like those people. judgment is our creator if you speak the wrong things, but what we want is that the Hynnietrep people who know the people, who know the family, who know the family, who know the kha, will survive and survive. “These statements, that such words should come out in this country of ours,” he said.
When contacted by Rupang, the Director of Arts and Culture, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, said that according to her knowledge, the department has not yet issued a statement. Tirot Singh was built, but other works were done to make him famous.
Because Jesus is the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world.
This is also the first time in two years after the outbreak of COVID-19 that the faithful have been able to take part again in the procession which they used to take part every year.
Rangdajied scored the first goal of the match through Aiborlang Khongjee.
The HNLC said that the alliance between the BJP and the NPP is not because they have the same common ideology, but because they have the same common interests. “Therefore, the politics in Meghalaya is like a circus where most of the politicians are just clowns and in a few months this coalition government may collapse,” said Saiñkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary. HNLC.Shillong: Former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has won two constituencies in the 2018 MLA elections, one from Ampati and the other from Songsak. Nihim D Shira of the NPP, who was replaced by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
On the 12th, the employees of Descent Reality LLP, which conducted the draw, came to the shop to hand over the check to Bah Paulus so that he could withdraw the winning money. They said that it will take about two months to complete the documents before receiving the money, and according to them, the winner received the money through a lottery. Nagaland and the money will come from the government.
First, I want to look back at the past.
In the match, Lajong won two matches, Titan Otters once and drew one.
Shillong, November 2: U Bah Armanwa Kynjing Manager M/s Pariat Marketing Agency, Jowai on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that on 29th November, he sent Donald Bamon to inspect his warehouse. don't be afraid.
“The Congress party is the one that doesn't care about the small towns.
Allen Camper Lyngdoh Nongbri scored the first goal for Meghalaya after the 8th wicket. West Bengal scored the first goal in the 44th minute when Allen scored the second goal.
Only the traditional kheiñkur kheiñkha is sufficient to unite because there are kurs and jait who live in the east whose origin is from the west and those who live in the west who come from the west. tyllong from the south.
I also agree with this.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government will struggle to help the people as it was last year.
Of course we cannot solve all the problems at once but in the future I am confident that the state will succeed in the implementation of the NEP,” he said.
“The council will also provide assistance to the sacred forests, Hima forests, Kur forests, on this we have already held a meeting and today we have called a meeting with the JHADC and GHADC. , which they did not attend, but was attended by the Hima leaders.
Shillong: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, on Tuesday said that the Hynniewtrep people have not demanded their own flag from the Government of India or their own Constitution. rather, it requires a law to protect the nation.
Information secretary: Kermiki S.Passah.
Neither the bapli nor the wrong To think about it.
Mookyrdup beat Lutituber Ialong 5-2
Shillong: The Youth Club and Center Mawiong has organized a football tournament to promote the skills of the youth.
The protest was also attended by the workers of the dewbilat factory from Sohra.
They discussed the issues in the area, but due to the small number of Karbis who attended the meeting, they said they could not take any decision in this regard.
Upon receiving the letter from the KHADC saying that there is no record and no such decision, Bah Shylla went to meet the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh to demand that the government should to suspend the implementation of the Notification
The Congress said the minister himself has acknowledged that the death toll could reach between 200 and 300 per day, but he has not done anything to stop the death toll. person.
In the men's category, East Khasi Hills will play against Nongstoin.
The vehicle was left behind at 4:30 pm.
The principal has requested the money from the dismissed principal who, according to the court, wanted to return to work.
You must be born again of water and of the Spirit.
Mawthei Village in Umroi, Ri Bhoi District, which is located in the hilly area, has now become one of the places that attracts thousands of tourists from all over the country to witness the beauty of the Mawthei Village. The weather especially during the early morning when the sun begins to rise when you can witness the bright clouds that fall and fall over the sky.
Thus, even while I am writing this article, the DC offices in various Districts have been conducting training and instructions on how to prepare the ReservationRoster in all the State Government offices.
We don't want the Government's houses”.
"The Russians have only 40 days left before the end of their power and at that time they have no bullets or ammunition to fight," Lt Gen Hodges said.
Therefore, the government should follow up on this scheme if it really wants the drinking water to reach every household of the people because if it doesn't follow up, the time will come when the central government will send an inquiry. CBI because this is a scheme of the central government.
She said that the reason for the raid was after noticing that the arrival of unidentified persons in Shillong has increased.
This group congratulates Phibawansha Bina, Naphisa Wahlang, Wanz Syiemlieh, Bani Lyngdoh Mairang, John Rani.
If you look at Maharashtra, if you look at Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, you see that the old leaders have been rejected, they have been replaced by new leaders.
It may be recalled that Moolamylliang is one of the villages which has planted many trees around the village since 2014 and continues until now.
The dead also included two teenagers, police said.
The Minister said that the Government through various missions has provided special assistance to the farmers and livestock farmers in the state.
Ksan and Bhalang went to see Prisbin on the hill.
I remember when I was a child, one of my friends got more than three thousand rupees from the street but my parents didn't allow him to bring home that money or to buy goods. at home they consider it difficult to mix with the earnings.
“Why is the Central Government still forcing to introduce the Citizen Amendment Bill when the people of the North East have strongly opposed it?
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The mother of Bah PJ Marbaniang has lodged a complaint against the office in-charge of Patharkhmah Outpost last month.
The park is located on a hill with a view of Mount Makashang and is also a popular place to watch the sunrise and sunset.
The SP of West Khasi Hills District, Debangshu Sangma, said that they were arrested after a tip-off was received.
“We have completed the public hearing and now we will go to the second phase to get the environment clearance.
In 1979, Khasi youths protested against the expulsion of Khar Bengalis; in 1987, they protested against the Nepali Khar; In 1990, they protested against the Khar Metor and in 1992, there was another protest against the Dkhars.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The people of Rambrai constituency have decided to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court to seek a clear decision on the government's delay in holding the mid-term MDC elections. This post has been vacant for 10 years and also the grievances of the people since they have no MDCs for five months.
If you think about finding a garbage dump, it should not be a stumbling block to the community and it should not be a barrier to the community and the residents.
However, in the midst of poverty and low pay, at that time the Indian troops surrounded and forced Sngap Sing Syiem, son of Wickliffe Syiem, to sign the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IoA & AA). ) or the Constitution of India & the Social Security Council.
In the senior men's category (45 kg), Eastern West Khasi Hills beat East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : U Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA today said that the Women's Reservation Bill will bring about a clean environment and a change in the rule of law in the country.
Expressing his surprise at the delay of the Government, on the other hand, which has also caused the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to suspend from time to time, the MLA said, “This is like suspending the Government. , the court and the court's interference, I dare to say that it is the Government's stubbornness that has not dared to take a decision because this is the wish not only of the constituency, but of the entire State.
According to Kong Rangad, women who have passed should get jobs and according to the investigation, there has been a recruitment of those who have not passed and some of those who have passed are not only men and this is the case. side.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Ka Dorbar, said that the Hima Khasi States had become part of the political system at that time of the Assam Government, which had worked hard to destroy the Hima Khasi States. implementation of the IOA, and they proposed the Sixth Schedule for the benefit of the Government of Assam.
Mawkyrwat: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Ranikor Constituency has been strengthening its activities in preparation for the 2023 elections. The UDP Mawmerang Primary Unit (UDP) has confirmed its office bearers at the school grounds in Mawmerang.
Indian Foreign Secretary Vinay Mohan Kwatra on Friday said India on Friday sent the third ship INS Tarkash to Sudan to carry the refugees. people who don't have this country in India.
The names of these doctors are unknown, as they have not yet worked and have had to leave.
The Teachers' Day was celebrated at the District Library Auditorium in Mynthong, Jowai on Tuesday.
From now on, the state government should inspect all the ongoing construction projects to avoid injury and damage.
The pass percentage of Class XII was 75.38%, an increase of 1.34% from last year.
After this, he disappeared because he had fled.
However, it is also a program that benefits those who want to improve their skills by taking advice and seeking help from the experts who have come to participate in the programme.
" The lawyer ordered.
In West Jaintia Hills, there is no high risk.
He gave the example of the villages in the Nongspung Hima, the Raid Marwet and others.
They expressed their surprise and anger over this incident by this man, because he wanted to make money by using the Kur.
The price has been increased to two tyngka from 1st November 2021, due to the increase in the price of mur for the construction of the bridge.
In a statement, BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang, who led the meeting with Rijiju in New Delhi, said that the BJYM has informed the Minister about the problem of the youth from Meghalaya to get They entered the army only because of their short stature, even though their intellectual and physical strength was sufficient.
Imphal: Bollywood actors Randeep Hooda and Lin Laishram from Manipur held a prayer at the Govindajit Temple in Imphal a day before their wedding.
Pastor Moore took this opportunity to talk to the young man and point him to the cross at Calvary.
Your bill will be sent to Khyndaw.
Household chores have been completed especially during school hours.
“Many countries including the USA, UK are still looking for ways and means to curb foreigners because they don't have such a law,” he said. The Government should take into consideration this necessary Act, which has been introduced for the sake of the State.
They held a mass march in the state on 17th November, as a sign of protest against the government for its silence against their demands, including the payment of their salaries.
On his insult to allopathy, Ramdev resigned after a remark from Health Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan that the remark was inappropriate.
Women from the rural areas have also been selected for the competition.
The delegates also opened an exhibition on the two-day Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav at Mother Teresa Park at the USTM grounds. it is a symbol of freedom, progress and unity seen across the country.
Let's look at the text of the old book and go to the book of Isaiah.
“Maybe tomorrow, the next day he will come to take over the job.
The result is that there will be a strong cult.
“The time of completion and the quality of the work should not be compromised,” said Rijiju and expressed his gratitude to the land owners who have donated the land to the government for the use of this project.
Speaking on the occasion, the Waheh Shnong Trangblang congratulated the management of Nohkawang Water Fall for their efforts to develop the area. They should work together with the village and the elaka as a whole not only by their own ability.
When they arrived in Guwahati, they met Atul Bora, President of the AGP and Minister of the BJP government in Assam. He was not in the city and was in a meeting with the Prime Minister in New Delhi.
According to the ejahar lodged by the Muktiar, she said she was trying to plead her case and went to the police station twice and the officer took her hand and when she spoke harshly he apologized for his mistake. .
– Not mentioned.
After that, she has built two more and now she has built two more and a total of five.
In connection with the ISIS incident in Pune, about three people including a doctor have been arrested so far.
This year, the government has planned to resume the Aadhar number in Nongstoin but according to information, there are still many people who do not understand the Aadhar number.
Recalling the demands, the President said that they put forward their first demand on October 2, 2012 when J.A Lyngdoh was the Minister of Social Welfare. “He has promised to fulfill all the promises he has made to them, but this promise has not come true,” said Starwin.
In Meghalaya, the current Speaker of the Legislative Assembly is also the President of the UDP, which is the synrop party of the MDA Government. In the construction of the House, the inspectors shall read the actions and conduct of the Speaker while exercising his powers to investigate and punish those involved in allegations of corruption in the construction of the office. of him and the Temple of Democracy.
Speaking to media, the CEM said, “We have held a meeting to explain the notification of CrPC and CPC to the Chief Executive Members including the Subordinate Courts and Village Courts”.
Former Mawphlang MLA and former Minister JA Lyngdoh has left the UDP to join the BJP with the intention of contesting from the BJP in 2018 from North Shillong constituency. and the BJP has welcomed him with the post of Vice President.
In the end, we want justice to prevail and stand firm regardless of who is on the side, and those found guilty should be punished according to the rules of law.
The team also took the opportunity to hand over the trophy to Isawanda Laloo and distributed gifts to the players. coach as well as to the assistants of this team.
He made this request after receiving information that many people from Khasi-Jaintia Hills have been angry over his summons to appear before the High Court. According to a statement issued by Bah Adelbert, “I would like to request you to please preserve the name of this State. I wish that on that day there will be no violence or acts that may offend anyone but to respect the laws of nature. '.
Sources said that Disney will start layoffs from the summer months and it has already sent notices to its employees in this regard.
"It is up to the wisdom of these three how they will interact with other MPs in the North East," he said.
The top three states include Kerala, Himachal Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Goa, Karnataka, Uttarakhand, Sikkim and Maharashtra.
Speaking at a rally in Baghmara, South Garo Hills, Dr Mukul strongly criticized the MDA for its scheme after the 2018 elections to seize power from the Congress.
The Seng also expresses its condolences to the family of one of the victims in this terrible fire.
In this match, the boys of Assam Rifle P.School beat Sacred Hearts Boys HSS by scoring four goals to reach the final.
Even during the dry season or rainy season, the road is not suitable for commercial vehicles as it is not yet a government road.
PN Syiem also admitted that it was through his syrngiew that the PDF won four MLAs in the 2018 MLA elections and recalled that at that time, Hamlet lost his ticket from He said it was not easy to defeat Bah Ronnie, but at that time, the MUDA issue was very hot, the Rangbah Shnong issue was also hot and when the people trusted him, , as a leader and said that their victory is not easy, because they have won little by little and this shows that it is the love of the people.
Surprisingly, many schools and colleges are still following the old and outdated system even though the technology has changed.
Earlier, the CSWO had demanded that the investigation report of Bah J Rymmai, Commandant of 6th Battalion on the death of Sub Inspector of Patharkhmah Outpost Bah PJ Marbaniang should be released immediately as it has already been sent to the government. .
These youths were honored by the KSU South Central in the presence of the BDO of Pynursla Block, Bah Present Tynsong, the Chief Guest, the Rangbah Shnong Nenggate. The meeting was conducted by KSU South Central Circle President Promeyoo Khongjirem.
Sources said that a person can stand in line many times to exchange T.2,0
“While we have not yet received the parking facilities to reduce the congestion, the construction of the skywalk has to be suspended at this time because of the traffic jam in the next 15 years. “It will be worse if we start the construction of the skywalk in these identified places,” he said.
“I will talk to the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, and Chairman HB Nongsiej to create ways and means to strengthen the MCCL,” he said.
According to a letter by SR Kohli, NCP Permanent Secretary & Member Working Committee of the NCP, Vijay Raj has written to Vijay Raj that Sanbor Shullai has been relieved from the post of President of the NCP Meghalaya because he is too busy in his constituency. cannot spend time for the party in the 2018 MLA elections.
I don't know his house either but he has a sympathy for his fellow citizen. While Hiram was cleaning the house and reading the newspaper, suddenly a call came from his father. the father“I am at my father's house" he tells honestly“Your mother and I are in the midst of uneasiness about you.
Speaking on the issue of abuse of the elderly, HH Mohrmen who is also the president of SURE said that recently (2014) Help Age India which is one of the organizations working in the field of that tymmen that san; has conducted a survey and found that the respect of the youth for the elderly has declined in this country.
He said that the people need to elect these two candidates, Bah Jan and Bah Anthony, to speed up these works.
However, some of her friends and relatives have informed the police and the police have taken the necessary action.
On the other hand, the union has tried to get more information on this from the Executive Engineer of Ribhoi Water Resource but he has explained that he has no information on this because the tender has been called by the Chief Engineer.
In the next 24 hours, light or heavy rainfall is expected in parts of Shillong and surrounding villages.
The residents of Umskun village yesterday had to walk through the road which was flooded after heavy rainfall and due to the lack of drains. The water has flowed to the road of the residents of Umskun who have had to face difficulties in coming and going.
In this regard, the party supports the protest of the leading political parties in the state, who have gone ahead to force the government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
The SDO was identified as Everborn Marbaniang and the incident happened while he was fishing when he was hit by a strong electrical wire.
Therefore, it is the duty of the government to provide all the necessary facilities so that the poor will not suffer in our state.
The Lailad Bridge, which was built in 1986 and can be said to be one of the most important bridges for the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi, has been demanded by the The village leaders of the area, said that the government has already rebuilt the bridge, because the existing bridge, is too old and heavy vehicles cannot pass through the bridge. the Bridge.
Jowai: The youths of the Presbyterian Church, Jowai through its Blood Donation Cell, came forward to donate their blood at the blood bank at Panaliar, Jowai on Thursday. .
There are 20 recoveries from the disease today, 37 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from Ri Bhoi, 4 from West Garo Hills and 2 from West Jaintia Hills.
In fact, we have already held a meeting with all the synrop friends especially the UDP who came to meet me today and also met with the BJP where we discussed various issues and so on. We have also urged that we should fully complete the administration of this present period.
Colonel Omkar Singh (retd) Registrar of North Eastern Hills University in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Prof.L Kma and others. other other.
After the arrest of her, police arrested another person involved with U Shokhomang from Demthring and found the knives broken behind the house. You're Shocking.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has appointed Dundee Cliff Khongsit as its Working President and Eldie Newton Lyngdoh as its General Secretary.
I would like to appeal to the community without mentioning my name but to those who have the spirit to help those who have suffered the loss to take this as an information on the awareness that has been in the spirit of tynrong I would like to request you to help me DONATE MONEY as much as you can so that I can be treated and medicines to take.
On the other hand, Bah Nongrum said that if the relevant department has failed to look into this issue, the government should take responsibility.
'Babu, how happy you are about the sinungh aidem of Wei Babu, please explain the dress code because I don't know what is the shad wait in the religion of us Khasi.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the drivers of vehicles who have the opportunity to transport passengers said that during the non-election period, they have to wait for hours. However, in these days, they said that they don't have to wait for the vehicle to arrive at the stand.
“Yes, now there is nothing to complain about, everyone has complained about the allocation of money,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U General Secretary of FKJGP, Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh on Tuesday summoned a summons to appear at Sadar Police Station on charges filed by the Laitumkhrah Police Station in connection with the arrest of The rally was held by the party on 28th March from Motphran to Madan ïewrynghep.
In a petition sent to the DC Ri Bhoi, the KSU leaders said that the area where the Khyrdop has been built by the army is a footpath for the people. , there is a church and a school, at the same time this place is also the land of the people on both sides.
We see that every time, while the election is far away, many people talk about God and God.
The Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, today said that the government's order to lay flowers at 8 pm at the grave of Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, former General Secretary, is intended to treat them as servants. The HNLC is not the only one.
Referring to the corona virus, the Chief Minister said that the state has about 30,000 PPEs and now the state will receive about 20,000 PPEs. and a total of 50,000.
Shillong, July 21: The Dorbar Shnong Pommura on 29th November 2014 has decided to ban the sale of kyiad from 11th November this is the decision.
“The argument is that 100 percent of the arrests were made in Guwahati.
We know that in the Rajya Sabha there are 245 MPs. The BJP has only 73 MPs and the Congress has 50 MPs. The answer is EM. Other parties like Shiv Sena, JD (U), SDF, NDPP, BPF and others even if they are in the NDA are against CAB. There are other parties like CPI, CPI (M), SP, BSP, TDP and others who are not part of the UPA or NDA but also stand against CAB in the Rajya Sabha.
The HYC has expressed its strong opposition to this release of the government, as Bangladesh is one of the countries, which has been severely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
“There is a lot to say about the KHADC's intention to allocate funds for the research on the new jaidbynriew.
“We strongly oppose and disagree with this special allocation of these two Muslim students who are not citizens of Meghalaya to study through the allocation of the State Government.
The 1,207 cases include Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan Hospital (LNJP), Deep Chand Bandhu Hospital, Satyawadi Raja Harish Chandra Hospital and Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital (GTB).
After leaving the hospital and according to the orders of the Medical Officers of the hospital, the father of the child went to lodge a complaint against both of them regarding their marriage. it is illegal.
“And the feet of him shall stand on the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east and on the west.
All vehicle owners and drivers are requested to attend this meeting as there are urgent matters to be discussed.
They don't believe in the development of the state but they just want those schemes of the central government to come to their plan.
“I demand that the government should not listen to this unfounded demand because it should have thought first of the local people to build houses in the European Ward because there are many poor and homeless people. " said Mr. Sawkmie.
The other 40 winners of the consolation prize include Hit Dkhar, 16, of Jalaphet UP School, Risaka Phawa, 13, of Tuber Kmai; Nandini Kumari, 13 years old, Oxford Secondary School Ladrymbai, Sakshi Mahil, 14 years old, from Little Star Secondary School Ladrymbai, Sanibha Rymbai, 14 years old, from Mukhep, Akansha Gond, 13 years old, from Ladrymbai, Varun Bamon , 15 years old, of Good Shepherd Secondary School Ladrymbai, Weanmi Dkhar, 13 years old, of St.Peter Secondary School, Ladrymbai, Werdinand War, 14 years old, of Latyrke, Nnelisha Dkhar, 13 years old, of Wapung School.
During the service, a 12-year-old girl went straight to the Pope and asked him, “Why does God allow children who are still young and old, to get involved in drugs and to become drug dealers"
After receiving the documents, she went to the market and when she reached the market, her mother sent her to her mother's house in Mawlai Mawroh.
All Affiliated Clubs within the WJDSA are informed that if they have these players they can send their names for this trial.
Shillong: The Congress has nominated Ma Vincent Pala, MP, as the party's candidate for the Shillong Constituency. The party has also decided to contest Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly, as the party's candidate from Tura Constituency.
On this occasion, before visiting several places, they had the opportunity to discuss how to implement the works to implement various schemes which have already been allocated for the The KJP Synod and the office bearers of the Presbyterian Church also expressed many needs in this regard.
Treibor also demanded that the DC should withdraw the Assam police who have been patrolling Khanduli village for more than 10 months.
The KNO and the United People's Front (UPF) on Tuesday jointly announced that they will lift the curfew as part of a discussion on the severe impact on the livelihoods of the people of Manipur. .
Bachelor's Degree - Daia Lanong, Witness Kynjing, Idalana Lytan, Armanki Nikhla, Hauru Pakyntein, Lapkibai Lakiang, Vailan Kanni Lakiang.
Finally, I would like to say that if we all keep our lives clean, according to the words we have created, that what is true will be yes and what is no will be no, from First of all, in my conversation and explanation with my children, I believe that in the meetings of our two families, there will be no search for reasons, but it will be just one explanation. and to fix the wedding day of our own children.
However, even the MLAs who have the right law to punish them, now do and run away as they please.
She said that according to the meeting held earlier, it was discussed that government vehicles should operate until 10 pm.
In an interview with a reporter, people in the logging factories, window manufacturing factories, who remained anonymous, expressed their problems and criticized the electricity department for not Upper Shillong, especially during the Christmas season, when they have to clean up, it generates income to buy household items.
At the same time, it was announced that the Smart Meter will be used from now on.
Shillong: U BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that he will stay overnight in Shella to campaign for the BJP candidate Joshua Warjri, as the BJP has a goal to win the election. in this mid-term election.
The Shillong Times also expressed its support to make this project a success.
Expressing dissatisfaction with the decision of the Congress to allow MDCs to join hands with the NPP in the KHADC, Bah Golden Nonglong, Vice President of the All India Professional Congress Meghalaya, and Secretary The MPCC has joined the Congress party.
He said that his priority is to establish a Government College in Ri-Bhoi as there is not a single Government College in the area except for one Higher Secondary School in Patharkhmah. The poor families have been affected by the inability to support their children to send them to private colleges.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 17.93 lakh.
“Therefore, we feel that there should be more names, for that reason we are waiting for 3 or 5 more names so that the Government can consider.
On this occasion, various organizations including RCCSA, VDP, RVWWO and Village Organization expressed their gratitude and congratulations to Ms. Victorealness. thank you for this longkmie.
In the letter he saw written and given to him, he said that another SI from Lumdiengjri named Bah Nongspung from Lumdiengjri has attacked the HNYM, said Bah Dohtdong.
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang also joined hands to commemorate Gandhi Jayanti and conducted a cleanliness drive.
“We strongly oppose the extension of the term of office of the Chief Executive Officer of KHADC and the CEM in the past has said that he will extend the term of office of the Secretary for only 45 days and will not extend for another day. , but now it has appointed the retired officer as Principal Secretary,” said Thomas Passah.
Besides, the Minister said that the government will spend about Rs 10 crore for the acquisition of the 50 acre land.
you must not listen at all times.
How the School Managing Committees manage the schools and after that it will recommend the grants or assistance to these schools and colleges.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma while speaking as the Chief Guest at the 76th Independence Day celebrations on the 15th of this month.
He had to clean up his household.
The incident happened in the middle of the night on the 13th of this month.
Earlier, Nathaniel O Rymbai, son of HDR Lyngdoh, said that the building was owned by his father while the guest house was owned by him. he.
“There is no question that I will not contest.
I am surprised that the government is trying to align this Act with the development of the country,” said the HSPDP leader. , is to prevent crime in the state especially the spread of foreigners.
Regarding the proposal to set up a Kyiad shop in the area, the village leaders alleged that the Raid has been stealing the land to another village. and as it is to this day, they have not dared to come out to explain to the people.
There were 26 teachers of MLCU who attended the workshop.
If the state government and the Indian government want to kill him, if they want to kill the whole family of Lalu, they can do that, but this violence will not work,” he said. that Devi.
You should not be afraid to demand the rights of the people.
The French, the soldiers and the workers did not know anything about this decision, they worked hard and did their daily duties. Sing and his strong follower, Mon Bhut, came out and ran away.
He said that as an MDC he has worked as much as he can in the constituency and the share he received of T.3 crore he has distributed transparently in front of the villages and he has given He asked for the support of the people to elect him as their MLA so that he can provide the best service.
“We can’t just watch this.
The government recognized the four areas as a tourist destination during the years when Silvestar Kharlyngdoh was the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
Two students received the award with a laptop and they include Mayanka Pde of Jowai Govt.
This issue was raised last year by a resident of the area, Bah Wankitbok Pohshna but the government authorities have ignored the illegal construction of houses by the residents. the rules of the city are not regulated by the Ministry of Urban Development.
Toney can also return to training camp for the final four months of his suspension which will begin on November 17, 2023.
Mancha's actions were shaped and sponsored by the Hindutva forces.
The campaign was attended by NPP Meghalaya President Prestone Tynsong, MDC Teiborlang Pathaw and others.
If you go to the lat to submit a memorandum, you write it in English.
When it comes to the language, since ancient times our ancestors have had the responsibility to bring into writing or reading whatever they think.
At the same time, a curfew has been imposed from 6 pm to 2 pm from 6 pm to 4 pm.
Dr War said that so far more than 50 health workers have been infected with the disease and in East Khasi Hills District alone, 34 health workers have been infected. they were infected with this disease.
Shillong, March 29: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has vowed to shoot dead a kidnapped BDO if the government and police do not stop searching for its members within 10 days.
“There are many young indigenous people who have learned and completed their education and are facing the problem of unemployment. State for young people.
The deterioration of the transformer since 16th July 2022, has caused many problems to the people, the statement said.
Banialam Mylliemngap was the top scorer with 34 runs without being dismissed from 18 balls (4x4s, 2x6s).
The Seng urges some of the people who come to fight on this issue to cooperate with the village authorities, not to just sit back and wait without knowing the beginning and the end, concluded the statement. KSU Hungary Unit and Youth SS Lamin.
She said that the students of NEHU Tura Campus have to walk more than 20 kilometers when they need to print books, copy paper, xerox or stationery.
The program was enriched by the singing of the Rangdajied and Kynthem groups.
MPCC President Vincent H. Pala on Tuesday said that the BJP's intention to bring forward the issue of 'One Country, One Election' as well as the change of name of the India to 'Bharat' is a strategy to win the vote of the BJP in the upcoming elections.
If either of these two parties comes, the nation will be destroyed, unless the UDP doesn't intend to create trouble among the people.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills, Davies R Marak, today said that these persons were arrested from Nongmensong area. the office of the largest recruitment agency in the state.
The cleaning started from 10 am to 2 pm.
“I have also raised this issue in Parliament, but it has not been discussed yet because they are still discussing other subjects,” said Bah Pala.
“The Trinamool MLA has said that the Chief Minister will also be defeated in 2023 from South Tura.
Bah Pathaw gave an example that there are cases where the land has been sold twice or three times fraudulently due to the lack of property especially the land. the rights of the rightful owners of the land and freedom from conflict or confusion.
It shocked this reporter to see that the second Chief Minister of the state was not recognized at the Mawbynna Festival. Many of the leaders of the state have been greeted but not a single word has been heard from them to welcome or congratulate the second Chief Minister of the state.
The same has happened to other areas of social development opportunities.
He also demanded that strict punishment should be given to the robbers who took the life of this man even in the morning.
ABBA, 74, Bjorn, 76, have composed songs composed by Benny, 74, Bjorn, 76, and sung by ABBA. Agnetha, 71, and Frida,
Yestarjone Sanglein scored the third goal in the 25th minute.
He said that during the upgradation of Mairang to district status in 2021, he and Bah Synrem met with the Prime Minister who said that there are problems in the development of Mairang. area.
He said that not only has the storm destroyed all the houses but the storm has also destroyed trees, rubber and other crops which have affected the families. who have fallen into this storm.
Royte said that the population of Mizos has declined slightly in recent days and said that this population shortage could hamper the economic growth in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Supreme Court of India on Tuesday issued an order that Rangbah Shnongs can perform their duties in accordance with the rules and regulations of the District Council. 6th Schedule of the Constitution.
He also alleged that the appointment of the Acting Rangbah by the Syiem has not been lyndet after the Syiem has appointed an Ad-hoc Committee without calling the Dorbar Shnong to appoint a new Acting Rangbah. the village.
The brothers and sisters and parents of Assam are like my own and they empower me to move forward with the people for the sake of my son,” she said.
“Don't you think that the relocation of the petrol pump from Anjalee is more important than anything else?
To improve the drinking habits:* Mix alcoholic beverages with soft drinks or juices.
On the other hand, Leo Shadap Secretary Shnong Narwan said that during the two days of the Sohniamtra Festival there will be many types of entertainment including songs by prominent singers and groups of the District and the State.
Does God answer our prayers? This is a very difficult question, and no one can answer for the others.
Dr. John Roberts does not accept that there are two countries but only one and therefore he does not use the words Ri Khasi Ri Jaintia I love you.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister expressed his pleasure to be able to talk to the youth after the internet consultation last year.
This is only a small example, and those who understand have understood.
If the police do their job properly, there is no problem for the police to find those involved in the murder of a 14-year-old boy from Nagrabil village in Ri Bhoi.
Earlier, Meghalaya had managed to turn the tide through a penalty.
Mawkyrwat, November 17: The Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, South Khasi Hills District has concluded the 2 days Youth Festival 2023 with a ceremony. , MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest.
The team was led by M Tang, Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) Jowai Central Division, Happy Pakynteiñ AEE, Stevenson Challam JE, Anderson Manner JE, JM Laloo JE, D. Yongwai JE and others.
If you count the cost of traveling 600 km to Nartiang, it is like a shot in the arm, Mr Conrad Sangma.
Shillong, November 4: A journalist who went to buy books from a shop in Iewduh was shocked to see an elderly Marwari who is the owner of the shop in Iewduh. under the jurisdiction of the village of Wahthapbroo.
Referring to the claims of many churches that the Congress party is silent on these issues, Bah Marngar said, “The Congress has not been silent on these issues since the beginning. very sane.
“However, the withdrawal of this money does not mean that the government has abandoned the Sohra Ecological Project.
Jowai: Two persons were killed in a road accident today.
" He recalled that Aesop's proverb says, "The leaf of a tree does not move without the wind," so he said that all these events have their own causes and those causes are not known. He concluded by saying that this is a small incident of suffering that as human beings we have to walk this path, from the role of reconciliation and reconciliation with God.
During the meeting, officers from AMRUT, officials from the state and the city explained the objective of the campaign and the importance of the visit.
Kong Warjri, who resigned from her post 10 days before the start of the dorbar tlang, has not attended the dorbar for 10 months since her resignation although the prime minister has not accepted her. yet.
Shillong: The Central Government has declared a public holiday on 22nd July 2013 to take part in the Pran Pratishtha celebrations of Ram Lalla at Ayodhya Ram Mandir. federal agencies in the country.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 09: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in collaboration with the Ryntih Football Club through Minerva Academy Punjab will hold a trial. The competition will be held at Khliehriat West Football Ground on the 14th July
“Don't cry, don't cry, it's useless,” said Sandra to her son who was crying because she didn't pass division. it's no longer useful," said the father to his son.
The Associations also said that the presence of these brokers has disrupted the safety and security of the tourist drivers and has also caused problems to the passengers. They don't have to pay the brokerage fee and even the passengers are driven out of the vehicles.
The 12-hour curfew of the Jaintia Hills Coal Miners' Dealers' Association (JCMDA) has been conducted smoothly without any incident. vehicles parked in both the districts of East and West Jaintia Hills.
He said that the VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent will continue to work and raise the issues of the youth and the country and the nation, whether in the Assembly or on the streets, the party will come out to fight. beat.
The way to respect other fellow human beings who are not like us in physical appearance or humanity.
“If they bring up issues that affect the nation, it is not right for them, that is their own business.
Kumar escaped injury and was arrested by the police.
On this occasion, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh has requested the Dorbar Shnongs of Greater Shillong to attend the meeting.
According to information received, many of the passengers do not have the opportunity to buy railway tickets because there are people who buy them in advance so that they can sell them illegally to the passengers who urgently needed at a lower price.
Forty organizations, led by the Samyukta Kisan Morcha, are now on the border of Delhi and have been protesting for seven months.
TN Haokip, former President of the Manipur Congress, has not been recognized at all, but has been removed as President of the Manipur Congress. He was protesting at Jantar Mantar against the Citizenship Amendment Bill ahead of the Lok Sabha elections.
On the other hand, the High Court said that there are some arguments and one of them is that since the end of the timber trade, the mining has allowed the indigenous people in Meghalaya to earn income. .
The District and Session Judge of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has sentenced a man involved in the murder of a man in 2008 to 10 years imprisonment.
In the midst of the worship of lies, deceit, murder and the desire to build the Kingdom of God and to save others.
Tel Aviv: Israel has shut down its GPS and banned its troops from going on leave and tightened air security over fears of an Iranian attack. at least 13 people, including two Iranian military officers, were killed in an Israeli bombing in Syria.
He said it was also decided that the border demarcation will be based on an understanding with the border residents where they want to be whether it is Meghalaya or Assam.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, has expressed his pride that these rebel groups have come to make peace with the government by forgetting their old lives but turning to the society in a positive way. the new one, that is, from the works of the wicked to the works of the society.
The reason is that the party alleges that Nagaland has occupied many parts of Assam.
The information is terrible and even for events that happen within 5 minutes or 10 hours, they have been able to get information.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Meghalaya Pradesh has requested the BJP to contest from the NPP. The Central Government has decided to postpone the deadline for the submission of forms for the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) in Meghalaya due to the many problems faced by the students of the State.
Petitioner: Bah AS Khongphai has filed a complaint against Bah Stanley DD Nichols Roy to contest the election from Cherrapunji (LA24) because Bah Stanley DD Nichols Roy has been accused of not being a Khasi. election because you don't have a Jaid.
He said it was not known whether the same could really happen in humans, provided there was a plan for a trial.
After cleaning up from Yungwalieh, the team went to the areas surrounding the Maternity & Children Hospital, which is within the boundary of the village.
According to the report, the Forest Department has no intention of providing land for the burial of those who come to play chess.
If the two governments have been able to fix the exact boundary and these Nepali areas fall under Meghalaya, the Sordar Shnongs and Nongsynshar Hima will think about how to do it. for the Nepalese.
He said that the facts of all the allegations against the NPP will be revealed on October 2, as it is only this Government that has taken strong measures including the border settlement. , the ILP, the Metor Territory and to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 10th grade.
Khana btengWhile she was sleeping in that room, Kong Maya dreamed, “There was a man who came to live in her house and he didn't marry her. Rida's father in those days was on a journey where he had to spend a month.
Because Israel's war in Gaza has been going on for six months now, Hamas wants to end Israel's relentless attacks on Gaza by demanding that Israel listen to the Hamas's proposals, in which both sides should release the people they have arrested and detained.
We can say no, not in my house, not in my village and so on but know that that is a danger.
If these 49 members work together to demand that the Central Government should address the issues faced by the ethnic groups, there is no doubt that the Central Government will have to comply.
There is a demand for more seats for the BJP MPs in the government and also for the NDA allies, such as the Shiv Sena and TDP, to get more seats. bun share, in government.
Replying to a question by the Chairman of KHADC, PN Syiem, that the election cannot be held without the dismissal of the EC of the UDF led by Latiplang Kharkongor, Titosstarwell said: Chyne said that the decision of PN Syiem to go to the High Court has nothing to do with the decision of the UDA to form a new EC as the UDA has 19 MDCs in the KHADC. The Legislative Secretary of KHADC has announced that the election for the post of Chairman will be held on 17th October 2020 at 10 am and for the post of CEM on 18th October 2020 at 11 am. good morning.
Shillong, Naitung, 16: The State Government has decided to enter into an agreement with NEEPCO together with other PSUs of the Central Government for the implementation of projects where the previous MoUs have been signed. to sign has recently been deleted.
A close friend can be forced, but a non-friend cannot be forced.
Religious leaders from various religions and churches, former Minister Bah AL Hek, women and others attended the prayer.
Shillong, July 26 : The Meghalaya Police Department has set a national record for conducting 1263 anti-drug awareness programs in the State under the Nasha Mukt Bharat Pakhwada.
“There are two parts to this.
the leader is also blind.
These Seven Seals will begin as soon as the commandment comes for the Israelites to rebuild the Third Temple.
Furthermore, we hope that through this Behdieñkhlam, we hope that God will drive away the disease that we as a nation have been affected by the disease of Covid-1
Earlier, the state government had suspended the contract with Pawan Hans, after the people of the state were dissatisfied with the services provided by the company.
At the time of Jesus' birth, the rulers of Palestine extorted heavy taxes from the inhabitants, especially the workers and the common people, so that they could provide for the Caesars in Rome.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 80638 out of which 77302 have recovered and 1391 have died.
However, it may be recalled that before reaching the goal of 'Haribo', the song of this young man in his village language has fascinated all the people of War Pynrusla area and this song of his has been very popular. “I just composed a song, I don't know how much it will make the people happy,” said Janis. Janis has received more than 18,200 votes in the grand finale of the Meghalaya Superstar tournament. “I don't know how to name all those who have supported me. First of all, I have started to ask for votes from the public through the songs that we have held for the concert at Parking Lot Pynursla. The concert was heavy in Pynursla but as soon as the concert started the sky was bright and the stars appeared. Then again, the blessing of heaven is amazing and I can't believe it unless it's the will of God,” said Janis.
Shillong, July 13: A man named Lumjingtip Lyngdoh, 50, has shot dead Thomas Syiemlieh, 45, on the evening of the 11th of this month. Nongtrai, EKH Lum PTSD, who thought it was a big animal, shot Thomas who died shortly afterwards.
Dr Rapsang receives a salary of T.22,500 per month and terminated her employment in July, they said. In her place, Dr M Khata Khalid Nawas, MDS (Oral & Maxillofacial) at a cost of T.80,000 per month.
This was informed to the High Court on Tuesday by the government after a PIL was filed by Philip Khrawbok Shati regarding the traffic jam in Shillong.
During the meeting, she said that he also told us that he grew up in Shillong and lives in Jail Road. He said that he has never heard that the Khasi give jait kpa but at the same time he expressed his surprise that some groups have come to him to inform him that they give jait kpa.
“However, the owner of the truck, Gurdeep Singh, tracked the truck through GPS and saw that it had crossed the destination and immediately informed us.
When they arrived, they saw that Bah Shanbor was sitting with a policeman on the balcony.
Belgium beat Morocco 2-0; Romain Saiss scored in the 73rd minute and Zakaria Aboukhlal in the 90+2 minutes.
in Results will not be posted at the MBOSE office in Tura/Shillong.
Speaking at a meeting of Congress party office bearers at Bishop Hall Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang said, “Believe that we will win in 2023, with prayer to God and with hard work.
However, it was after the arrival of AITC leaders from the state that Mohrmen decided to join the party, the strongest party in West Bengal.
This reporter from Jowai has received a complaint from some of the depositors of the Post Office who said that they have lost lakhs of rupees alone. due to the cheating and corruption of the employees of this department of the CM.
The Seng itself from the very beginning has opposed the Government of India's intention to pass this Bill, because as the Seng does not agree with the Government's intention to forcibly citizenship of Bangladeshis, Afghanistan and Pakistan are Hindus, Jains, Sikhs, Buddhists, Persians and Christians.
Many of these parties have disappeared like PDIC, HPU and KHNAM and others whose names are no longer remembered.
The road constructed under the MGNREGS scheme 2021-22 has been damaged by an earthquake in Mawblei, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills.
A Colonel, a Major and a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DySP) were shot dead by militants in Anantnag district of Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailur 06 : Leaders of political parties have expressed their strong opposition to the proposal of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government to change the name of the country from India' to 'Bharat', accusing it of being an election ploy to mislead Hindu voters.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, has informed the market dwellers that the market will be closed in these days. , Shillong, if you have any items left in your shops, please inform the Hima Mylliem by calling the Officer In-charge of Syiem Police at
“Look here, son, this is your choice to stop and you don't feel right anymore because you are old enough. completely.
These two are examples that one nation will stand against another as one kingdom against another, as it is written and forbidden to fulfill what is written.
Mawlai's last goal came from a mistake by Shambu in the 87th minute and Mark, who was also a newcomer, took the opportunity to score. victory over his team.
T.5,77,92,000 crore for the construction of the Traditional Medicine Institute in Ri-Bhoi district.
The epicenter of the quake was located 39 km northwest of Ukhrul, Manipur at latitude 24.60 north and longitude 94.33 east.
In East Garo Hills, there are 4 cases and all of them are high risk contacts.
Terrence Jyrwa scored the first goal in the 16th minute.
This society is also the only self-reliant society because all the expenses, allocation of funds for construction and others are incurred by the society alone without relying on others.
It is on this basis that the approval of Bah Don Sumer has been suspended until these days, although it is not difficult for the Prime Minister to send the name of Bah Don Sumer immediately. Sumer, without the approval of the Governor of the State.
Dr War said that one of them has recovered while another 56-year-old man is still in critical condition.
The most sacred ceremony of the consecration of the elders of the new parish was by the High Priest who handed over the keys of the Tabernacle, the abode of the consecrated Body and Blood of Jesus Christ. .
She said that coal from Meghalaya flows outside the North East only through Beltola in Assam and Assam earns hundreds of crores from Meghalaya's coal. They don't come to Meghalaya, but they go to Assam and if the market is inside Meghalaya, the state will earn and many people will not get jobs.
Furthermore, the KSU Sengkmie under the leadership of Samla Rapborlang Nongrum visited Nongstoin the next day on the 15th June 2019 to visit and condole those injured in the incident.
Former Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang will be the spokesperson of the party.
But no one sees these things.
“We are afraid to hear through the media that the state is in trouble, and what we know is only a little bit,” said Dr Mukul, alleging that some politicians are misusing the government. power.
However, it will also serve as a platform to acknowledge this sudden change in society and to highlight the need for immediate intervention.
Shillong: The Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai Syllai Kariah on Friday 21st of this month celebrated and inaugurated its 25th Anniversary, Silver Jubilee. the school.
He also urged all the members of the Congress party not to fight each other but to work together and support each other and to understand that they are not here for themselves but for the sake of the public.
These can operate like bank ATMs.
Another question raised by the people is whether the allegations of corruption by the BJP leaders against the Meghalaya government and other demands for an investigation into corruption will end after the formation of the coalition government. Besides Modi, Union Home Minister Amit Shah, BJP President JP Nadda, Assam Chief Minister and NEDA Chairman Himanta Biswa Sarma were also present at the swearing-in ceremony.
According to the Research Group C-Voter, the NDA will win 289 MPs, while the Cicero for the India Today Group has estimated that the NDA will win 289 seats. between 261 and 283 members in the Lok Sabha.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 104, NGH: 1, RBD: 37, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 15, WGH: 4, WJH: 8 and WKH:
The dorbar will be held for approval,” said the Chief Minister.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie, Bah Roykupar Synrem, on Tuesday said that if the state government brings forward a proposal to bring freight railways to the state, the HYC will take action. consider approving this proposal of the government.
Shillong: The Director of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Shillong, today said that after the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh with the certificates, Bah R.Lyngdoh, District Training Officer, District Training Officer, Manai, West Khasi Hills District, was appointed as the District Training Officer.
Commander Shangpliang, while paying tribute to the Seng Samla Saitsohpen, which was invited to organize this programme, asked for the cooperation of the Samla Seng to help prevent the theft of Khasi films. He also urged the public not to buy Khasi films duplicate or download them on mobile phones, but to buy original CDs so that it will be an encouragement and support to the young talented filmmakers. and at the same time it is an opportunity to provide employment to talented youth.
Naga is the brother of Meghalaya MLA Samuel Sangma.
When she saw this, she didn't look anymore but looked at her mother who was looking at the purchase slips that had already been written down.
The Minister also urged the companies to lodge a complaint with the Tender Committee if they have any complaint but not to speak publicly until the tender is over.
Under this programme, the Government has also provided financial assistance of 6 lakh tyngka to the Mawlai Dorbar to run the Rehabilitation Camps, which have been set up by the Dorbar, to encourage other Dorbar Shnongs to take part in the same. sienjam across the State.
There will be divisions in families, villages, even murder for many reasons.
National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah and Mehbooba Mufti, both former Chief Ministers of Jammu & Kashmir, have agreed to attend the upcoming meeting,” Lalan said. .
When the elements of the male pollen come into contact with the parts of the female ovule, the seed cannot be pollinated. the righteous cannot be.
The proportion of MOs is 60-70%,” said the Minister.
The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong has invited the Governor of Meghalaya to take part in the Shad to congratulate the Shad Suk Mynsiem will be held on the 10th of June at Weiking Shad Stadium in Jaiaw, Shillong.
According to police sources, the two suspects asked Marak to bring water for them to go outside, but when he opened the door to give them water, they pulled him inside and fled.
Shillong: A truck carrying synsar has caught fire after colliding with an electrical wire.
In many cases, when he speaks during the elections, what the PA often says is that Meghalaya, its size, is only one district in UP or Madhya Pradesh and therefore, he He said that it is not difficult to bring development to such a small State.
It is also believed that he wanted to kill Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
However, on the other hand, Shibun said the BJP has not yet announced the MLAs who will join the party as it is waiting until the end of the dorbar tlang which will start soon.
The entry fee for each group will be 1000 tyngka which they will have to pay to the SSA before 27th June.
