The letter also contains a calendar for the month of August with a tick on No.17 (date).
The incident has spread across India and even to other countries through videos and social media.
The anthem was composed by Bah Neil Nongkynrih and the Shillong Chamber Choir.
The union urges the district leaders and the government to turn to such youths to provide them with their necessities from physical education to school fees so that they can focus on sports and succeed in sports.
So unless the people understand that they have to do something, we will fall,” said Bah Ardent.
The first secondary school graduation in India in 2021-22 is ours.
They should think about the good of the country first, he said.
The Dorbar Shnong welcomes all the children of the village who come from different places and the village is ready to provide special accommodation at the Indoor Hall of the village,” said Ma LD Lakiang. The fight against COVID-19 will continue and the village is ready and urged the residents to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to protect themselves from this disease.
After receiving the letter sent by the Chairman of the NCST to the Union Minister, MHA, the delegation of Chief Ministers met with Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on the 13th of this month. month , and handed him a copy of the letter they had received from the NCST authorities, and asked him to take action to reflect on the matter.
Rowell's decision to retire in 2013 has assured many of his supporters that he will retire in 2018 as he is old.
Mawkyrwat, July 24: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Mawkyrwat Circle today welcomed Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar as its member and full candidate. The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Mawkyrwat Constituency at a meeting held at the party headquarters.
Therefore, he said that as a party, he has come here to propose that they should allow the TMC party in the MLA Election 2023 where the vehicle will not run without a driver and the party will not be able to. speak if there is no one to speak to.
Together we can bring about a society free from tobacco addiction”.
On the incident ha Mawting, Sohryngkham, the SP said that the FIR was received by the police on 2nd July and after this, the police conducted a search operation on Saturday morning and arrested the suspect. 7 people including a woman.
When the workers went to sleep in their homes, the officers sat down to discuss and talk about the problems they faced.
S.K.N" I'm not sure what to do.
Speaking to reporters, the owner of the chip factory, Aiti Thabah, who lives in Polo, said that every day they shet in a place in front of the house, but on that day it was While they were building the shet, they sent the workers to work behind the house as you can see in the pictures.
In this regard, if anyone has received the money or has not received these goods, they can lodge a complaint with the office of the Addl.Deputy Commissioner (Supply), i/c Amlarem Civil Sub- Division by clearly writing their names and villages so that they cannot be punished.
There are many Garo people who have heard these words, but they have not yet received them.
It was replied that all the MDCs have received the Grand-in-Aid for Arts and Culture for the year 2007-08, and up to 19 MDCs have not submitted the Utilization Certificate for the amount of money amounting to T.2,66,000.00 in cash.
Police patrolling the road blocked the road and confiscated the placards of the HYC members but the HYC members did not back down and suddenly there was a clash between the two cases.
If these CRPF personnel fulfill their duties properly, peace will return to Lapangap.
“I don't know why the VPP MLAs have to take to the streets and demand this.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The implementation of the Army Forces Special Power Act (AFSPA) in many parts of the North East has caused protests from many people in the region.
The driver of the vehicle, Mintu Das, along with his friend Jotin Marak, who came to accompany him, were also arrested.
Although their work has increased, there is no fear of being arrested,” said the source.
There will be only one match on Friday as the teams in Groups-A, C and D have already rested.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of April across the district.
Within the District, there are the Agriculture and Horticulture Departments which are the government departments in charge of agriculture and horticulture and others. assist farmers in protecting their crops from pests and diseases.
If there is no control.
“Therefore, I have directed the Urban Affairs Department to provide all the information related to the drawings, cost and how much it will cost for the construction of these quarters,” he said. Leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee.
The per capita income of the population has increased significantly in the last nine years, with the per capita income in 2014-15 reaching T.1.01 lakh, while Andhra Pradesh, in this year, it was T.79,1
“If the CM introduces this bill, we will be stang small pait in our own area because the government will not be able to control how many people will enter this area,” said Samuel Jyrwa.
The people understand better who they need to be their MLA.
Tynsong said on this demand of the VPP, I would like to make it clear that the government will not be able to re-appoint them.
In this regard, she has lodged a complaint against the suspect in case No 34(10)20222 and has been charged under sections 323/307/376 AB/3 (f) IPC under Section 5(m)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Expressing that the MCTA understands the problems that this decision may cause, Dr Rani said, as witnessed in the past years, the decisions taken on the basis of the MCTA. The Association, it is necessary to be united and firm in ensuring that the working methods of the schools are respected and also to look after the welfare of all stakeholders, especially the students.
The objective of the PMUY scheme is to eliminate wood burning especially in rural areas which is a health hazard from wood burning.
The CEC of the UDP on Tuesday decided to withdraw from the ruling PDF in KHADC. The party leaders said that all MDCs must obey the ruling PDF. decide.
Therefore, in connection with this public meeting, the JCEC has requested all the residents of Jirang Constituency to come and participate, in order to discuss the backwardness of the area and especially in terms of and the election of the leader in the upcoming elections.
Therefore, until we hear or know that a new Temple has been built in Jerusalem, there will be no rule of the Beast, everything is now rule in their own countries and their own governments.
Shillong, Lber 20 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday rejected the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) by saying that the allegation by the VPP is baseless and merely talked about. Therefore, you must be able to do this without any truth.
We need to get our just demands and not by hurting our fellow human beings and fellow citizens,” said the statement.
If he doesn't know exactly the meaning of the KSU, to speak evil and think badly of the rngai is a great destroyer of the nation.
KHNAM has submitted the report to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to show him and urge him to take action to ensure that the water supply is clean. the people drink will surely be clean.
On the same day, Thomas A Sangma, was sworn in as the first Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, in the presence of the MLAs. , to the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, in which they also expressed their confidence that through his understanding and knowledge, he is doing right in his position as Speaker to run the that works.
Prashath's father is the Chairman of KSDL. The authorities will question and investigate BJP MLA Virupakshappa for taking the money in the name of the Chairman of KSDL. Tender for the supply of these equipment.
Looking at the location of this constituency, it cannot be said that it is one of the longest constituencies, from Ribhoi district to the east to the border of East Garo Hills District.
“The Chief Minister of West Bengal is a person who tries to mislead the people from time to time, don't believe her,” he said.
“We have the customs and traditions of the Khadar system, we have the kingdoms where the Syiem is the overseer, the overseer and the ruler and there is also the judgment, we also have the raids that the Sordar and “We also have villages and Rangbah Shnongs who rule in the villages for the good of the village,” said Bah Pynïaid.
These who came were young men from twenty-nine to twenty and forty years old.
Mumbai Knights have 10 points from 10 games and three points less than Gokulam Kerala FC after beating Kahaani FC 14-1 Another match will be played against HOPS FC at Shahibaug Police Ground.
Namewanki, who played with him, scored 12 runs till the end.
Another issue raised by the Minister regarding the delay in the Report 2011, is that in the Malangsalbari-Darbari area in the writing it is stated that it belongs to Meghalaya, but in the map it is stated that you are in Assam.
Commenting on the decline in education in Meghalaya, she said, “This time we see that Meghalaya according to the Performance, Infrastructure and Equity Index 2020-21 has come to the bottom. The Government cannot support teachers.
Vivek said that this shows that the BJP doesn't respect him and his work especially because he is a lawyer and a person who is also a good person. Speak well on issues that affect the welfare of the people of the state as a whole.
The incidence of this disease in the riewhadem this year will also be very high, because when we tried to inspect some of the farms and farmland, it was found that those farmland where the riewhadem is still small. the food is still scarce.
Tura, March 05: A contractor from Tura, who has allegedly been forced to pay money by the PHE Engineer in North Garo Hills, has written to the Director General of Police (DGP) demanding action against the Officer in-Charge. Bajengdoba Police Station for refusing to register a complaint lodged against the Engineer for more than two days.
However, when there is any new policy to be changed, we the people ourselves stand behind and groups emerge to oppose it physically and spiritually.
Hilarius Peter Pyngrope, Chairman of the Election Committee of Saw Raid, said that there are 4,024 male voters.
Sub-Inspector of Ri-Bhoi Police, Bah S.Pakyntein, Bah EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong of Saiden and Chairman of the Managing Committee of Saiden Secondary School, Bah Sumarlang Swer. , Coaches and teachers and many others.
Tell meBut before I tellOne question I would like to ask, How much does health care cost, how much does medical care cost?
On the rumors that FOCUS is a loan, the Chief Minister said, “The money of FOCUS is not a loan but a financial support to the farmers of the state”.
He leaves and Bran goes to meet with the police to give him the book.
Because I'm employed at home...” Lanosha replied. The woman was very angry and tried to force her.
Many of the Dorbar Shnongs near Iawmusiang have given their full support to the 36 hour curfew, including Ladthalaboh Dorbar Pyllun, Chutwakhu Social Welfare Local Dorbar and others.
India has opened its own sources of thorium from the monazite deposits.
Does the MBOSE have experts who have really found the subject to advise for the betterment of education in the state?
For Class-IX, the first prize went to Suzan Karim, the second prize went to Sakchi Gupta and the third prize went to Dedoang R Marak.
Mr. Prainsing Syiemlieh, Lecturer, Sankerdev College, Shillong, gave his blessings and thanks to all; The Jubilee Celebration of the Cherra Bosconian Union was concluded with the unveiling of the Golden Jubilee Flag by the Chief Guest, said the statement.
After receiving treatment, they were discharged from Shillong Civil Hospital.
This is what can preserve the uniqueness of our nation.
Many families have lost their parents, especially their daughters.
If you look at this website with all the different search filters, you can search for members by religion, profession, or to seek according to the age of your age.
SQ Sumer, former journalist from Jowai as the chief guest.
“Your name will no longer be called Jacob, but Israel will be your name no more.—Genesis 35:1
On the other hand, Prestone said he has met Mizo National Front (MNF) leader Zoram Thanga to prepare for the upcoming elections in the state.
The morning of the 21st June 2021, was the morning of the darkness of the clouds in the beloved mountains of the land of Hynniewtrep U Hynniewskum, when the news of the death of Rana Kharkongor (1st April 1952-21st May 2021), after a long illness.
In a statement sent by C Shabong Vice President and Secretary Rostarwell Kharryngki, the office bearers and members together with the Primary Units, met on the 8th July to discuss the announcement of the party's candidate. Panbor L Ryntathiang, to contest the MDC election from Mawlai.
Replying in the Assembly on Tuesday, the Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek said that the government has not yet issued any permits. financial assistance to these cattle farmers whose livestock have been affected by this incident.
Shilong: The Congress candidate for West Shillong, Bah Mahendro Rapsang, has admitted that the people of West Shillong have criticized the MLA of West Shillong, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, for not having time to meet with the people of West Shillong. the four and a half years, but the gate is opened only during these elections.
On the other hand, the party spokesperson, who is also a retired police officer, Bah M Kharkrang, said the party is surprised by the sudden withdrawal of the HNLC from the peace talks with the government.
Police in South Garo Hills have arrested one of the leaders of ASAK, Algrin Ch Marak, alias Balgitchak, 30, from Mindigre village. Beggars.
Especially now, in this Scientific Age, yes, the Atomic Age, the various kingdoms in the universe are self-destructive and live in fear.
Man has become so wise now that he has plunged into the waters of the ocean and has flew to the sky and to the heavenly bodies to walk like the moon and others.
Other items seized include shira bakhor, sisa, tickle, knives and swords, torchlights, and operational rifles.
At present, the party has only two MLAs and two MDCs but its bases are still high in Khasi-Jaintia Hills although the number of MLAs and MDCs has not increased.
He advised his mother to buy an auto truck to drive to his brother.
Jowai, July 07: The Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS) West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday distributed 100,000 blankets to the poor families of Chilliang Raij Village, Jowai. held at the office of the Dorbar Shnong.
On the other hand, the Director today said that he apologizes if it has misled other media outlets with his allegation, but he has not found that everyone has been accused.
Problems caused by family breakdowns.
Geography has 9 chapters for 23 marks.
All residents should follow the guidelines issued by the government such as wearing masks, keeping a distance from others, washing hands and face frequently and others.
Earlier, a rally started from Peppale, Dulong, Iongpiah, Pohskur and ended inside the grounds of the school.
You are not in the world.
The study also said that 1 in 4 deaths (1.36 lakh deaths under 5 years of age) involving children under 5 years of age are preventable if provided the water is clean.
The scheme has clearly outlined many benefits including leave, leave for poor women, the opportunity to strengthen their jobs, employment benefits. in group D posts and others.
“Whether you get or don't get elected, you don't have to turn these places into training centres, where the medical college can't come from these places that don't exist in the state. you have to think carefully," she said.
This goal was achieved in November 2021 – 10 years ahead of schedule.
After the incident, the body of the woman was taken to Khliehriat for post mortem.
Furthermore, the agency said that these money laundering sites and news websites are not registered with any authority in India.
Shillong, June 6: The Ri Umsnam People Alliance (RUPA) Ri Bhoi Zone has expressed its deep sorrow that the farmers of Tyrso area of ​​Ri Bhoi District have lost many crops due to the cold weather. bag rep like you ior.
“The government's decision to set up mini secretariats in Jowai and Tura is an important project and will start soon to provide services and bring government departments closer to the people,” he said.
However, recently, MLA Rupsing Teron on July 12, 2013, visited the police station to inaugurate the police station in the presence of members of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KAAC) and others. Hamren police chief.
It's what you can't and serving the public isn't easy".
Israel also claims to have shot dead Muhsin Abu Zina, the chief of Hamas, who is in charge of arms manufacturing and manufacturing of missiles and rockets. fight against Israel.
Before pursuing her MBA, Dorothy completed her Graduation in English Literature from Amity University.
These Dkhar Punjabis also called for those who tuff the Punjabis, to go to the metor area and said, “We will cut off many heads of Khasi”.
“To date, 747 Polling Stations have been identified as vulnerable and 399 as critical.
She also expressed her concern over the increase in school fees, which has affected the people.
The KJNU today lodged an RTI with the PIO of the District Transport Officer, EJH, in connection with the Ratacherra Weight Bridge to find out the truth of how much they should take as sent by the government from one truck. seven tyres, five tires and four tyres, once received this RTI, the union will explain to the public the details of how much they should take.
According to a statement issued by the Army, medical teams including medical officers from a nearby hospital came to visit these tourists to provide adequate medical facilities for them. Some people have developed Acute Mountain Sickness (AMS).
He said that the future of the members will be severely affected if they continue to be in jail, and for this reason they have requested for their release.
Every newly formed party has its own foundations to serve the people, but the truth is that they have fought hard and struggled without reaching the goal of victory. to the people of salonsar.
These are the fruits of God's blessing on their hard work, they have no way to steal or cheat, they live by KAMAI HOK. The present generation should follow the example of these teachers.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Seng Biria U Khasi (SBUK) on Saturday announced that it will soon open its Mophot School which does not require entrance fee, uniform fee and free. lut standing shadong.
The dorbar also discussed the spread of evil spirits among the youth by going to the cemeteries and breaking the crosses on the cemeteries.
The pastor of one church said that his church will celebrate with a small celebration in the homes and a little in the church.
This scheme is a loan provided by the Government of India to land owners through banks.
After receiving the tip, the police rushed to the scene to investigate and found that the incident was committed by him.
“Recently churches have been damaged and religious leaders and pastors have been attacked in Maharashtra, Karnataka which shows that Christian groups are being persecuted by the BJP,” he added.
“He also supported that illegal entry can be stopped only in the villages and not by setting up gates on the side of the roads and said that if the villagers, Rangbah Shnongs and all cooperate, there will be no problem. fight against this work.
The power of the Governor to legislate ended when the District was constituted.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor said that the vote of the HSPDP candidate in Nongstoin does not affect the party anymore. I don't know why you don't get the vote of Maieid Hoping.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Union of Rangbah Kur of Hynniewtrep, Bah HS Shylla, who is also the CEM of KHADC, said that the meeting with the Governor was a success. The Clan Administration Bill has been passed by the KHADC. “There is a problem with the Lat's office last month, it has been sent to the District. Council Affairs (DCA) and we discussed that it should be submitted to the Governor's office, not to the DCA. “There are many bills that have been stuck in the Secretariat for many years without reaching the Governor and we don't want it to happen like before,” said Bah Shylla.
The ABVP Meghalaya has submitted a memorandum to the CM in which it has also given its suggestions for the improvement of education, such as the release of scholarships for the students of this session. .
Regarding the petition sent by the KSU through the Nongot doh masi in Nongpoh, the DC of Ri Bhoi, said that she will take action to inform the higher authorities, for the purpose of to take action and to solve this problem by these cow farmers in Nongpoh.
The opening ceremony was attended by MDC Habahun Dkhar, BDOs of Amlarem, Thadlaskein and Laskein, CDPO, ICDS Laskein Block, DPO, ICDS. and Junior Engineer PHE, Jowai Division, Jowai.
On the other hand, Bah Wanlam Lamin Gadew, president of KSU Huroi, said that the BSF has been in the area for 5-6 years. They also searched commercial vehicles passing through the area as if they were vehicles occupied by criminals.
Mukherjee, the 14th President of the country, has sent nomination papers for the South Kolkata Lok Sabha elections to be held on 12th June
He said the MUA-II government led by Dr Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister had planned to suspend him from the Congress, but six Congress MDCs had fled. You don't have to pay for KHADC.
Shillong: Another person has been confirmed positive for Covid-19 in Shillong.
“The word of God is like a double-edged sword, turning to the right and to the left.
There are still many strong workers of the Congress party who have decided to leave the Congress party because they do not support Bah RB Shdap who is the candidate of the Congress party to contest this election. MDC.“For now we will gather all the members and colleagues of the Congress party to consider leaving completely and also to give their support to Bah James Sylliang. “said Bah Hoping Stone Marsing, President of Nongsangu Primary Unit.
At the same time, Dr.A Laloo, in response to the speech of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, promised to ensure that the doctors take responsibility for the benefit of the people.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I) today accepted the letter of resignation of Bah John F Kharshiing.
School children from different villages in West Jaintia Hills District joined hands with the world and the country to celebrate World Literacy Day (WLC) on Tuesday.
Of course we don't expect that this newspaper alone can do this great job but with the cooperation of other newspapers and the public these rivers can be cleaner.
After losing the title against Neroca FC in the last match, Lajong will now face the strongest team, Sreenidi Deccan FC, who have won twice in a row. They beat Neroca FC 4-1 in the first leg and Inter Kashi 4-1 in the second leg.
From time to time, they have appealed to us to take care of ourselves because by taking care of ourselves we can avoid the spread of this disease.
Shillong, Naitung 28: After the MHIS Phase-1 and Phase-II, and now Phase-III, the Dorbar Shnong, Raid Dorbar and Kur Dorbars have been urged to , and the public to take action to register their names by paying 50 tyngka, or to renew their names under the Scheme MHIS-III (Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme) which is a protection card for all households from For 10 years, in terms of health, this scheme is a blessing and protection for all because it is “universal” all citizens can get this protection of up to tyngka 2,80,0 and for the elderly, 30,000 tyngka for families.
In the match, France won 4-2
“I want to know what measures the government has taken to protect child labour,” said James while moving a cut motion in the House on Monday.
They just ended up in arguments and threats.
Jowai, Naiwieng 19: The Food Corporation of India (FCI), FSD Jowai today held a showcase on the management of business and premises. place on the property of this area signs or signs to identify the various places within this area.
Besides various running competitions, other sports include Javelin, Shot Put, Discus Throw, High Jump, Long Jump and others.
This Shad Sukra of the children of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla is held every year before the farmers go to the fields and sow the rice. nature which is the source of sustenance for mankind and at the same time it is also a way to preserve the customs and traditions of the Pnars.
Four UDP MDCs including Teinwel Dkhar, Donkupar Sumer, Equator Nongrang and Albinus Lyngdoh today fought against the party by supporting the Executive Committee of the PDF led by the party. u Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, although the CEC has already decided to resign and ordered them to obey the party.
Even after the team hoped to score three points, they continued to score three more goals through Fairming Suting in the 73rd and 86th minutes and Kevin Rymbai in the 75th minute.
This means that the population is balanced with the area of ​​the land and the resources contained in it, with the means of income according to the location of the country among other nations. .
If the law explains how, it shall be lawful for the (state government) to prescribe, and from time to time to alter by notofication in the official Gazette a line to be called “The Inner Line” in each or any of the above named districts.
Shillong, July 21 : The Mawsynram Constituency Welfare Organization (MCWO) will hold an awarding ceremony for the students of Mawsynram constituency who have passed well in the SSLC examinations. HSSLC is not conducted by MBoSE now 2022 up to Degree.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Rosetta Mary Kurbah has issued an order ban ban vehicles carrying more than 15 metric tonnes leaving Shillong from passing through the Damsite (Umiam) Bridge. Section 144 CrPC has issued this order under the Order no.
When there were many young men, Shuwa was the first to sleep; The world was still asleep, Among the dreams.
The commentators make it clear that eternal life belongs to man and begins on this earth.
The SF-10 battalions were created to fight insurgents and for other purposes.
Nongstoin, Nailar 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of an Integrated Development Complex in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills.
The District Magistrate of Uttarkashi, Abhishek Ruhela, said that the work to release these workers is ongoing including the cleaning of the land.
From the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Kong E.Tariang Pajat, gave a speech and explained on the ways to prevent maternal mortality during childbirth.
Meanwhile, Indian Arrows coach Floyd Pinto said they have watched Lajong's performance in these two matches and they are the best players.
Tharoor also demanded that the Indian government should tighten the GST rules on household items.
In another report , on 23rd June , the Manager of Bharti complained that there had been a theft of batteries from the mobile towers of the company The batteries are from the tower in Wahlyngkhat.
On Dr Mukul's request to send an inquiry into the allegation that the HNLC has links with the HNLC, Bah Marngar said that Dr Mukul should explain to the public because as reported in the media, the HNLC has been involved. Dr Mukul Sangma has asked for her support to help in the election.
It will also conduct training for journalists to improve their skills in this field.
The curfew for the use of tynghung is from 6 pm to 10 pm and it is also prohibited to carry more than T.50,000 in areas of West Jaintia Hills District. law will be in effect until October 5, 2018.
However, after the Minister of State for Education said that the SSA salary will be released in the State Budget Assembly on the 14th of this month, AMSSASTA has withdrawn its decision to strike, said DS Lamare. General Secretary AMSSASTA on Tuesday.
Shillong: In a statement sent to the media, police have arrested Osternic Marbaniang, 34, on a complaint filed at Shella Police Station. He was accused of involvement in the murder of Ishan Singh and Sobir Dutta in Ichamati.
The transportation will be to Guwahati, then to Arunachal Pradesh before proceeding to Orissa and finally to Mahabalipuram.
The Bill stipulates that all ethnic groups should be entitled to full elections, not partial elections, said the advisory committee.
“I was in Namdong on that day, I could have brought many witnesses on this, but I was surprised to receive such a letter,” said Ricky-o Shylla. “I was present at the rally, but these village leaders have threatened me,” said H Lamare.
State General SecretaryBJYM (BJP Youth Wing)MeghalayaPresidentBJYM (BJP Youth Wing)MeghalayaKrison LangstangState B.J.Y.M.PresidentB.J.P.Youth WingMeghalaya.
Those who violate this order shall be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 and the order of the District Magistrate.
Two Pakistanis, suspected of being involved in drug trafficking, have been shot dead by Border Security Force (BSF) troops on the India-Pakistan International Border. in Rajasthan, the source said today.
ECC Leader Reading War said, “After receiving a complaint from the residents of Lelad, who requested us to look into the problems of the residents, we went to Lelad. and when we arrived we were shocked to see that there was a lot of environmental damage and smoke and ash from the coke factory was blowing into the villages.
He said that after the closure of the dam in 2020, the workers have stopped working and no signs have been seen that the contractors will resume the work.
I don't want to explain here this situation among the people and we can't just convince the people on this.
On the ILP, Chandrashekhar said that if the BJP comes to power, they will do something on the issue of ILP, as there are many problems especially in the North East. North Eastern India, known as a place of unrest, whether in armed groups or otherwise, but under the leadership of the BJP and Modi, the states of the North East have declined significantly. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the minister.
Shillong, March 4: Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School, Shillong today celebrated its 125th Anniversary.
On the other hand, the students also took part in various competitions including Poster Competition, Extempore Speech and others along with short dramas performed by the members of RAWA Umsning on the dangers of drugs among the youth. They should not be involved in drug trafficking.
The meeting was conducted by the Working President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Ma Thynda Sana.
Bah Monarch ShabongWhen I learned about the death of PA Sangma, I immediately turned on the television channels, but every time I watched, at 11 pm, I didn't find anything that gave the right news about PA Sangma. although they wrote briefly on the foot, about the death of this leader.
On the 9th of this month, at a meeting convened by SK Lato, it was discussed to launch a similar campaign in Jowai as a sign of the 75th Anniversary of The Shillong Times.
This is a small example that the people should be surprised and have to turn around from now on and not just drink the bottled water produced by the companies because of these bottled water. they have chemical treatments to maintain the purity of the water within a few months.
The Union also thanks the Marwari Community for distributing food items to thousands of poor families and for their voluntary distribution of disinfectant to the villages.
The Shillong Medical College will be located at Mawprem and the TB Hospital will be relocated to Mawdiangdiang.
Ten people living in farmland in Sahbesain West Jaintia Hills, today, were stranded in this area after the floods suddenly rose and covered the area.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, in a statement today, said that some government ministers, government officials and other employees of the state government, have to enter the state, by They have to test themselves and this affects the traffic and the needs of the State.
Reports said that Bah Kanang's supporters will not leave the NPP at all as they have already strengthened the party in the last MLA elections until they received 7000 votes. On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that he does not want to impose conditions on kynsing Lynshiang and his team if Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA, enters the election. the PDF, but they will work together to bring victory in the upcoming elections.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, after a meeting with the meat vendors of Mawkyrwat area and doctors from the Veterinary Department, explained that the disease LSD has affected 63 villages in the district.
The Union leader said that after the Athena Company has received and completed the Detail Project Report, a soskular has been signed with all the landowners and residents of the villages included in the area of ​​Athena Company. The project will be carried out from Nongummer, Mawjai, New Mawjai, Nongriniang, Sangriang, Mawhiangruda, Mawpon, Mynraw and other villages in the area.
The impact of social media on mental health is defined by the standard of living rather than the use of technology.
Opening the tournament, the Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills District, Mary Lisa K. Marak, who was also the chief guest, said that the participation in the tournament will help them to develop their skills. that clothes.
Along with this, assets related to modern weapons, integration, surveillance and training will also be strengthened.
He also urged them to look forward not only to earn money but to have the spirit of helping to develop others in all aspects.
The Japanese fans were delighted with the surprise performance of the players who defeated this strong country.
Ani,wow you're surprised! To be able to hold exactly 5 seems to the EC of KHADC, it is necessary not to allow vehicles to pass even in Motphran, but to allow those rich people to sell their land as they please.
The BJP will confirm this after forming the government after the MLA elections,” said BJP President Ernest Mawrie in a statement.
In the first month of November, all these things have become clear and the talks with the MLAs are ongoing.
Wrote ahead about this stuff.
“However, the attempt to arrest Bah Thangkhiew has turned into a tragic incident due to unavoidable circumstances,” he said. According to the requirements of the National Human Rights Commission, within 48 hours of the submission of the report, a Magisterial Inquiry will be conducted. I will conduct my investigation.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, urging her to increase the patrols and monitoring. in those villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Therefore, the union urges the MeECL department to take action and provide electricity to the villages in the area and especially, so that the people will not face any more problems and especially in the case of at this time, while the students are still in the middle of the final examination.
Here we clearly understand the value of firstness and priority in all things.
Jowai, July 04 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit has immediately visited the CHC Namdong West Jaintia Hills District to investigate the matter. The doctor in charge of the CHC has been on leave for 10 months.
They demanded that the Deputy Commissioner should take immediate action on this incident by lodging a complaint with the law enforcement authorities of Assam and punishing the police involved in the shooting. person.
Who can blame this, because it is not the mercy of the poor but one of the reasons is the lack of money by the authorities in charge of the smooth running of the market.
Through this covenant, the “group of Moses” dreamed, dreamed and courageously established a new society.
“We have also received complaints from the Association of Persons with Disabilities who state that they too have the right to walk without being harassed on the footpaths,” said the Hukum.
It was on Friday evening at 11 pm that the villagers and his family members and the 19-Shillong South Women Association, arrested him from Mawlai to Rhino.
Country star Neeraj Chopra is looking forward to remaining unbeaten in the Diamond League when he takes part in Zurich on Friday.
The youngest child, who died recently, left behind three children, Aidalin Warjri and two younger brothers.
Also present on the occasion were the party's candidates from seven constituencies in Shillong, including Bah Rocky Hek from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Bah Teibor Pathaw. , Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh from East Shillong Constituency, Ransom Sutnga from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Mohendro Rapsang from West Shillong Constituency and Dr Jasmine Lyngdoh from Nongthymmai Constituency.
Speaking to the media on Sunday, June 26, 2024, Red Fest officials said that the festival will have about 2,500 participants including Head Officers of various departments of the State Government.
Neighbors and police who saw the fire were able to put it out before it spread.
After Byrnihat, next are Hanumangarh (297), Greater Noida (278), Faridabad (270), Manesar (251), Bahadurgarh (247), Delhi (243), Meerut (240), Ballabgarh (234 ) and others.
The Society, which was established in 2017, has been able to set up a sohtrun factory with the assistance of the government and has marketed these sohtrun in collaboration with the Bangalore-based penny company, IQF. , Bangalore.
Referring to the needs of C&RD blocks for Government functions, the Minister said, “Block offices are the most important offices in the rural areas.
The end of age does not mean the age of man.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad said that the farmers should take advantage of this opportunity for the training provided by the training centre.
Jowai, Naiwieng 12: The Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR) has conducted a three-day training for farmers on how to cultivate Khasi Mandarin or Sohniamtra is a farmer in the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
He said that the destruction of the environment by deforestation, deforestation is the main cause of global warming. u year.
Thus, culture is a source of relationships between differences in any way.
Singh tweeted, “Friends, what do you expect from the Presstitutes?” he said last night. a word with an O instead of an E or a prostitute instead of a presstitute or a prostitute.
One, named Khrishna Chandra Pal, who came to Khasiland in the early 1800s and was not only a Christian who baptized some Khasi at that time, but also converted The Khasi language was used in the Kot Bah, although there was no Khasi language at that time, so the Bengali language was used.
However, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has refused to accept this answer. Department of Health.
On the 3rd of July, the HNLC announced its decision to withdraw from the peace talks table in protest against the allegation that the Government has not taken action to approve four demands including the forgiveness to the members and leaders of the Seng.
The time has come and we cannot turn back, but the truth must be revealed and that is that we must know our identity because as it is now, the Khasi culture has been cleansed. until all have taken possession of it.
Israel has confirmed that Hamas militants used Al-Shifa hospital as their headquarters and said it was there that they shot dead a soldier. , who was arrested and now, two of the abductees, are being held at the hospital.
In fact, if Pala understands only that, it is enough for him to turn back to the IOA and AA of the Khasi chiefs and the Indian Dominion or even the Atchison Treaty and the rulers. that he may be a little more aware of his own lyngkor and that he may know whom he is going to lead.
Banteidor admitted that the PDF has a strong base in the Shella constituency and if it does not fight, it will be a problem for the supporters where to go.
At present, the world is fighting against this disease only by following the guidelines of the WHO and the government through the health department, such as quarantine, social distancing and others. protective measures.
Responding to the allegations of others that the ethnic parties cannot do anything in Parliament, Robertjune said, “There is a belief among the people that the ethnic parties can no longer rule but the ethnic parties can no longer rule. The journey did not end at Khanapara, we reached Delhi.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, said that the District Council will urge the Governor to approve these Bills soon.
In the Recurve Mixed Team, West Jaintia Hills won the gold medal after defeating South West Khasi Hills, which won the silver medal.
Speakers on the occasion, including Bah D.Syiemiong, Bah JK Phawa and Bah Cornelius Laloo, expressed their satisfaction to see the unity of the residents of the village. The celebration was held by the ancient Longshwa of Patharkhmah.
In the men's bodybuilding 55 kg category, Viany Colas Skhar Byngar of Elite Gym won the second prize, Zebedee WR Jyrwa of Power House Gym won the third prize and Rajyannta Deb Barma of Muscle Xcess & Fitness Gym won the second prize.
The trial will be held at the TASA Football Ground from 8:30 pm for both boys and girls and will also include a 100 percent scholarship.
During the programme, the Chief Minister and the Symbud Chief Minister also handed over checks worth T.75,000 and T.1,50,000 under the My City Campaign. The Dorbar Shnong is located in Shillong.
Revenue Minister Ma Kyrmen Shylla has urged the party office bearers and supporters to work hard to bring back the history of 1998 in 2023 when the UDP won the election. all 7 constituencies in Jaintia Hills.
Jowai: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, Ma Madonbai Rymbai, on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee (EC) led by him and the members who support his EC; They strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 as it will affect the minorities of the State and the North East as a whole.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek today said that 12 people have tested positive for Covid-1 Two BSF personnel were admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
The statement said that on the 19th of this month, the Rangbah Shnongs have protested against the meeting with the Governor, as he has not given any promise to implement the VAB of the KHADC. now in the Home Ministry.
As mentioned above, the number of registered candidates for JEE 2019 has reached 18 lakh across India for 11,289 seats in these 23 IITs. JEE. Those who pass UPSC Civil Exam according to their marks can enter the posts of IAS/IFS-Foreign/IAAS/IPS/IRS/ and many others.
When asked about the prime ministerial candidate, Mamata said, “We have leaders who are well experienced in politics, but she cannot announce the prime ministerial candidate yet but will wait until the election. The Election Commission will conduct the elections in the state”.
Some of the recommendations of the Expert Committee were expressed in the affidavit submitted by the State but it is not clear to what extent these recommendations are legal.
The G20 Space Economy Leaders Meeting (SELM) kicked off on 17th June at the Marriott Hotel Courtyard, Shillong.
Through the assistance of the Khers in Shella Village, 5 students have been selected from each Kher according to the permission of the Kher Leaders by looking after the families in need of assistance.
He encouraged the students to respect each other.
The color of the jersey is stem and purple with the crest of the freedom fighter.
They said they learned of the proposal after a meeting with the Secretary of the Department Sanjay Mitra and the Chief Engineer of the National Highway North East Zone BK Rajawat.
The exhibition is open to the public from 10 am to 3 pm on March 27 and 28, 2022.
He said that the elders of the area had received information in advance and had conducted patrolling by the people inside the village. They didn't know what to do, but they just checked it out and left completely and held a meeting at Langpih.
They include Manthan Gupta (3/19) and Kein Hagio R. Marak (3/42), Jamesbirth Ch Sangma (2/13) and Ben Haden (2/17).
On the first day of the tournament, Ri-Bhoi FC scored 107 runs in the first innings.
The Government has already stated that there is no problem in closing down those illegal coal factories in the state. Any factories which do not have permits or licenses or which are authorized to operate and show where coal comes from cannot operate because they have to have everything.
He said that 91.8% of those aged 80 years and above and 95% of those with disabilities were able to take part in the polling.
However, it was also Panah who was being persecuted.
Victoria had employed the Syiem in Arunachal Pradesh and they met through Facebook and later had a close relationship.
Birbor said they came to sit at the Secretariat gate after the government turned a blind eye to their protest, which has been going on for more than a month near the Civil Hospital.
In a statement issued by the three political parties from Jaintia Hills, they said that as the parties in charge of the welfare of the people, they do not want these conflicts and misunderstandings to arise between them. “We want this issue and handshake between the two cases to end immediately,” said the leaders of the three political parties. say more and more.
In this regard, the union demands that the government should not back down from this project.
Leaders of various political parties visited the site and had the opportunity to express their opposition to the gate in front of the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District, Hamren, Krishna Baruah at Khanduli village on Tuesday. First.
All these appointees shall receive salary from the Government in their respective positions.
“The policy also states that if some of these ethnic groups fail to fill only half of 40%, their share will be extended for three years and if they fail to fill in the third year, their share will be extended to three years. “The years have not lapsed and in the OM the Roster has been ordered to be re-appointed on the basis of 1972 and this is in conflict with the Reservation Policy as we have mentioned,” he said. added.
Furthermore, women may also suffer from excessive menstruation.
Furthermore, there will also be a public entertainment such as a song, dance and music with the participation of prominent singers from the state and abroad.
We expressed that the working methods of the ECD are in collaboration with many departments and agencies and the need for cooperation so that this mission can be achieved.
In the first match, Mulieh Youth Social & Sports Club beat Umlong 2-1
They can bring in players from all over the districts, outside the state and even from abroad with a late registration fee of 1200 tyngka.
The SP (City) informed the public that the repairs to the Umïam Bridge are ongoing and vehicles are allowed to pass from both sides (One Way).
Ibaphidahun Shisha L Mawphlang got 212 marks in the personal interview, 94 marks in the written test, Jennyca F Blah got 250 marks in the personal interview and 94 marks in the written test. mark.
The shops that were destroyed in the incident include two tea shops, one furniture shop and seven others.
Meanwhile, a government doctor said that the practice of breeding children is illegal.
“The Meghalaya government should have paid T.25 crore to the GHADC but it has tried to dissolve the NPP-led executive committee in GHADC,” he said. “Will the people of Garo Hills forgive these people in the government,” he said.
Kynsai Jone and Shanbor Rani were arrested from Shillong while Markstar Pariat was arrested from Laitryngew.
He said that his EC has held a meeting on the CAB and they will send a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India to express their opposition.
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC beat Laban SC 6-0 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at Polo Ground.
“We are confident in order to provide the support and the opportunity for the development of these talents, and in the last five years we have invested a lot in the development of sports activities. “Sport is also a top goal for our state,” he said. At the same time, the CM expressed his pleasure to announce that Meghalaya will be able to host the Durand Cup tournament.
The Madhya Pradesh Cabinet has approved the implementation of the Maoist Surrender Policy, 2023 during a meeting chaired by Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan.
“All schools will be closed from 17th July to 20th July 2022,” said a statement sent by the Commissioner & Secretary, Education Department, Dr BDR Tiwari.
“We are pleased that the Mawlai bypass will be opened by the end of April, but our concern is for the safety of the people living in those areas.
The letter signed by Bah R. Nongspung, Bah Dame Pakyntein, Shri Riple Marboh, Sharai Syiem and L. Nongspung informed that the Raid Tynring has been peaceful under the rule of Sordar CA Diengdoh. They said that the allegation that the dorbar was not held was only against the village and that it had caused injury.
The reason why many writers of letters or articles are written is that they are regarded as merely stupid or stupid and there are those who say that they are just street smugglers or smugglers who write only to satisfy their own feelings. .
Nongpoh, Lber 06: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlyndep today issued a strong warning to those who burn garbage, which affects the environment and puts at risk the residents of Mawlyndep area. in Ri Bhoi District.
Indeed, when you are in trouble and if someone comes to help you with your right hand or your left hand, the human soul cannot help but cry out to try as much as you can to pay back, even if you don't have everything, but as long as you have something. but in the case of electing them as leaders, it is necessary to use the power of understanding and discernment from oneself.
If you don't have a shohler to lead chess2 and if you don't have a purpose to give your rights and support what the people want.
Nongpoh, Nailar 10: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) Paiem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet at his office at 9 Mer Baridua, where the members of the party also sent a letter urging the Syiem to ensure that the Raid will have the necessary documents. before the states of Meghalaya and Assam resume the demarcation of the border in the second phase.
Shillong: Following the outbreak of Covid 19 in the second wave, the government has directed the district authorities to impose a curfew which has taken more than three months.
Speaking to reporters, Toshan said that this is a great loss because on this day he will not perform live, but will perform again on another day.
Marbisu village near Mawphlang is also one of the villages with the best water supply.
Shillong: After the state government decided to shut down the operation of the MCCL, as it can no longer operate the foreign dew factory owned by the government, the Sangot today. He said that he had met with the Village and District Leaders of Mawmluh to inquire about the reason why this company which used to generate a lot of revenue but now is in decline.
This year alone, no statement has been received from Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, who used to be the ksiang of the party, in the media.
“The state will witness an increase in the number of vehicles in the coming years and to have Inspection and Certification Centers in Shillong is necessary and these automated inspection and certification centers will reduce the inspection time of vehicles.
However, over time, the Run will be improved from time to time according to the Marathon.
Deibormi Rangad was named Man of the Series for 247 runs and nine wickets.
“From this single motherhood comes many diseases in this society of ours and often we see that these children who are raised by only one mother or father, many of them fall into any disease. diseases such as mental illness and want to be alone which makes them not want to associate with society,” said Kong Khongdup.
Before the planting ceremony, a short meeting was held by the Waheh Shnong, Ma Riquoma Rq. Laloo in the presence of Ma Kerlang Siangshai, Range Officer, Social Forestry, EJHD, General Secretary Panaliar Ma Careme Phawa and other dignitaries.
“Instead of children spending days and nights in their studies, this era has turned into a turmoil where many young people fall into the trap of temptations that lead to evil and destroy the future” said Bah Mayral, adding that as parents, they should spend time to teach their children to guide them so that they can live the right life and enjoy the success they want. in their lives.
Sanjeet won the 86-92kg heavyweight category.
“However, this intention to cooperate is not possible,” Sarkar said.
Now it takes only about two days to complete the survey,” he said.
Earlier in 2007 and 2008, the MBOSE had conducted such an examination by setting its own questions for Class IX students, but in these years too, it has not been able to provide its own procedures and The questions have been stolen and have been temporarily suspended, so it has started again in the last three years by issuing strict rules so that there will be no more delays in the goal of the century. to do something where in all three years the questions escaped themselves.
It is in poetry that the mind is able to express many feelings or visions as well as to convey ideas to the natural world.
“This shows that there is a need for more investment, especially in services which is a major contributor to GSDP," the report said.
K.Sangma for the first time as the chief guest, in the presence of Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Umroi MLA Damanbait Lamare, Umroi MLA, Santa Mary Shylla MLA, Daloi of Jowai District. Puramon Kynjing, Waheh Wasan and others who were invited.
If the waste reaches 20 tons per day and the garbage ship can carry only 2 quintals per day, it will take hundreds of years to remove the waste that has flowed since the construction of the dam until today. ,and they shall be cut off while the times pass.
This was announced by the CEO of the MFA, Bah Arki Nongrum.
The relationship and customs of the Jirang people exactly like the War Jaintia will be looked at because it is long.
Nongpoh: A man named Paimon Khongkrom, has died after hanging himself from a marketplace inside his residence in the quarter of MEPTCL at Bara Killing village in Ri Ri. Fear.
As CEM, Bah Shylla has introduced many laws to preserve the identity and customs of the Jaidbynriew for example the introduction of the Khasi Social Customs (First and Second Amendment) Bill. The KHAD (KHAD Social Custom of Clan Administration) Bill, 2018 prohibits the theft of jait of Khasi fathers and also the children of Khasi women married to foreigners. Bar State.
She was taken to Shillong by taking money from friends and relatives.
At the same time, they also implemented the principle of drawing a straight line and in this way many Khasi villages fell under the Kamrup District.
All shops from Bonded Warehouses, IMFL Off and On, canteens and bars will be closed on this day.
This was announced by the Commissioner and Secretary, Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor. to start from the 15th of this month.
“It is difficult to work for a small salary but for those who know how to survive, it is not easy,” said Ban.
Therefore, the government is requested to urge the owners of houses not to take rent during this lockdown.
This is a time of darkness for the Congress government in Meghalaya.
Besides Pinewood, there are also 35 other hotels and resorts in Shillong which have been ordered to close.
The swearing-in ceremony was held at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer, Nongpoh, where Bah Lamphrang Kharbani was the chief guest. HANM Nongpoh Circle.
G Kishan Reddy, Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), has called on the wealthy to invest in agriculture, especially in the production of fruit trees. in the northeast.
Other activities completed on this day were the election of the new office bearers of the Seng for the year 2022-2
“After that we go to the areas and take a final decision on the border issue,” Prestone said.
One of the speakers at the meeting, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that the Hima Mylliem has issued an order ban ban the households from staying in the market. “Now there are three more hotels in the market, the market seems to have turned into a crime scene,” said Bah Dohtdong.
The Word of God does not say exactly where these wise men came from, but it says that the wise men came from the East.
Your speech is not true.
These are the two main principles of the New Society or Church.
“Through this Act, the State Government has opened the way for our State to become a Gambling State,” he said. This was announced by the General Secretary of the HYC CEC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
Where shall I go to eternity?
All kinds of meetings are prohibited and all shops are closed inside the village.
Speaking to U Nongsaiñ Hima on Friday, 4th June 2023, Dr Syiemlieh said that after the stagnation of the thynria inside the woman, the health center although they have tried They have been trying to remove the thyrnia from the body of the woman but they have not been able to do so due to lack of adequate equipment.
“But the most important thing is that we have played with the peace of the country.
This includes EGH: 06 (Others), EJH: 43 (Others), EKH: 320 (Others), RBD: 148 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –05, Others–143), NGH: 11 (Others), SGH : 65 (Others), SWGH: 14 (Others), SWKH: 27 (Others), WGH: 20 (Others), WJH: 39 (Others), and WKH: 18 (Others) The number of cases in the state has risen to 36597 out of which 29578 have recovered and 616 have died.
During the French rule, that power was taken away from the Dorbar Hima in the Bri Hynniewtrep.
During the investigation, he confessed that he had brought the gold from Mahajanpatti in Sylhet District of Bangladesh and intended to smuggle it to Guwahati.
“We are deeply concerned because this is an issue that as a nation we really need to discuss and resolve in a proper manner for the benefit of all,” said Bah Kharjana.
So Moses and Aaron began to go to Phar ́aoh to ask him to let the Israelites go out of Egypt.
It is worth mentioning that this road has been constructed under the MGNRGES Scheme under Mawshynrut C&RD Block for a long time.
“We have requested the Deputy Commissioner to direct the NIC cell within the DCophis to assist the students in filling up the online application and to direct the BDOs to set up centres. “To facilitate the filing of online applications for CUET, to direct the common service centers or rainbows to assist the students during the online filing,” he said. In a meeting with the DC, Abhislah Baranwal, the JSM leaders said that the DC has promised to direct the NIC within the DC's office to assist the students to submit online applications. At the same time, the union urges the students from HSSLC to come forward to apply for the online application. The CUET examination has expired until 26th October
After the registration of the land by the Hima, the KHADC will take the necessary steps to register the land to prevent the infiltration of Assam,” he said.
On the other hand, Manipur is currently in turmoil due to the continuous clashes in various parts of the state.
He said that the ID cards or register will be valid for 179 days and they will have to renew their ID cards. border of the village.
“It is very sad to see that the word or grammar used in this book.
Facebook has signed a partnership with Ray Ban, a company that produces sci-fi spectacles, to produce sci-fi spectacles. world in 2023.
-The Samaritan woman's first state was night and her repentance at the well meant day.
This was announced by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the Seng, while speaking at a public meeting in Nongstoin today.
Furthermore, the statement sent by the District Transport Officer has also prohibited all vehicles from public vehicles to private vehicles from violating the rules of driving. The District Transport Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Bah I.Kharmon said that the search and seizure of documents will be punished according to the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act.
Nongstoiñ, July 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Nongstoiñ constituency has increased its number of seats in the upcoming elections.
The MLA has tried to protect the rapjot by giving various reasons.
“If we take decisions that are not the party, we will not be able to reach our goal,” he said.
The Executive Committee through the President, Bah Peter Lyngwi, congratulates and best wishes to Bah Larry Kharpran Sun.
Where is my old road? They have asked me, How shall I do now?
Although they could not be reached for comment, their joining the HSPDP is a sign of their preparation for the elections and also because these two MDCs are still in the MDC seat. their.
Will the people allow the plank to spread in the state? Let us now talk about the Voice of People Party (VPP).
It is believed to be caused by inflammation and fibrosis in the left atrium.
They shall inspect and verify the counting procedure at each polling station.
This was announced in a statement by the Secretary of SURE, HH Mohrmen and the DRP of SURE (LWS).
Haryana has topped the list in terms of per capita income with 1,81,961 tyngka in 2022-23, followed by Karnataka. 1,76,383, followed by Tamil Nadu with 1,66,4
Earlier, the meeting was chaired by W. Lyngdoh, Chairman IRCS.
The Advisory Committee, in the draft Constitution, has included the justiciable fundamental rights in the list of fundamental rights and the non-justiciable rights, the Advisory Committee has included as the Directive Principles of State Policy. which means those principles which shall guide the administration and legislation, but which shall not be enforced by the courts.
I lost only 200 votes and I lost only from the border area but I won from the Khasi areas,” said Batyngshain.
The district administration on 2nd July 2021, has convened a meeting with all the villages near Mynkjai in the presence of Urban Development Minister Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member JHADC. Six villages are still waiting for a decision.
From Iewduh to Khyndai Lad and even other villages, the cleanliness of the public places has become widespread in these days. Even the middle of the road in Motphran has turned into a market place. year to year.
The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJACCV) has announced to suspend the operation of public vehicles, as until today it has released only odd and even vehicles while the tax has not been paid. The government has not allowed to increase the price of petrol and diesel.
“Our HSPDP doesn't like to fight too much like other parties and doesn't want to fight like other parties, so it is a party that has nothing and we have only the foundation and the spirit of the party".
Jowai, Naitung 09: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, South Jowai.
The decision was taken at a meeting attended by hundreds of his supporters, who have been with DD Lapang for decades. Nongpoh Constituency.
He said that Modi's initiative is very important 'because through these visits we have gathered information and we have been able to pass laws related to the condition of these places in the north. the east.
Two players who returned to the team after missing out on the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, including Dippu Ch Sangma, took four wickets for 43 runs for 10 balls. Kishan scored 57 runs off 75 balls.
She said that once the ASHAs have started the strike by sitting around, the strike will continue day and night.
Earlier, speeches were delivered by the Lyngdoh Kur, the Sordar and other office bearers.
“The Government should take action as soon as possible and invite various Seng Bhalang, Rangbah Shnong including Mukroh Rangbah Shnong, Religious Leaders to meet and discuss how to Therefore, I would like to ask you to take action to bring peace and stability in the state especially in Shillong so that this incident in Mukroh will not turn into ethnic hatred.
This was held at a program at the Courtyard by Marriott on the 1st of this month with the aim of producing discussions and sharing strategies within the department.
Abraham said again, “Now I dare to say again, 'What if there are only 20 people?' God also answered- I will not destroy.
The MDC and MLA scheme is a challenge, but since the inflow of funds for materials and equipment, all the VECs have been affected to implement this scheme.
Where is the employment policy, when officers and engineers are appointed as they wish?
He said that in this state there are raids, himas, shnons but the sad thing is that these lands which have been taken over by the Syiems, Rangbah Shnongs, Ministers and others, are only as the robbers of the people instead of distributing land to the landless.
“On the receipt of T.2 crore by the Hima Mylliem, we will ask for RTI because they want to build Mawpat and why the Hima Mylliem has to pay T.2 crore, because the revenue is not collected by the Hima Mylliem once. Every year, the tender is issued and received only by the people of the MDCs, EMs and the Hima Mylliem.
On the other hand, Khimusniang tried to score but couldn't score a single goal until the end of the first half.
The announcement has ended rumors regarding the Asian Games squad as many clubs in the Indian Super League (ISL) have recently refused to release their players. players to take part in this tournament.
The Congress should take this opportunity and see how it will turn out.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: “As the days go by, the famous monuments and places in Hynniewtrep have disappeared, due to the lack of respect of the residents”, said Bah Dmikstar Lyngdoh Secretary to the Government of Hynniewtrep. Speaking to reporters, Khaiñ Lyngdoh Nonglynkien.
Pynshngaiñ N Syiem will rejoin the Congress party to contest from Pynthorumkhrah constituency against AL Hek, who is the incumbent MLA of the BJP.
“We are delighted that Bhowmick has found the right field.
In fact, the Syiems, Doloi and rulers of the Hima and Raid have a great role to play if they take action and do their job properly.
They were also involved in the kidnapping of the manager of Timon Habi Tea Estate and their involvement in the Independence Day bomb blast at Teok Ghat under Sonari Police Station.
The largest assistance that this group has been able to contribute to the community is the construction of houses for 7 poor families from the poorest in the community including orphans. .
In the 8th minute through Blessing Pamthied, Malki had the opportunity to score the third goal in the first half.
Kong Kurban said that the army is not easy and that is why those who wish to join the army must be physically and mentally strong.
The victim was identified as Bah Felix Kharsati who is disabled because he has lost both his legs.
Lion Sports & Youth Affairs (LSYA) beat Pynthorlangtein 2-1 in the 2nd Division Football Tournament of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday. Thread.
Shillong, Naitung, 29: Ka Seng Mawlai Pyllun today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to look into their demand for the immediate relocation of the I'm going to Mawlai.
He alleged that the delay in issuing the appointment letters to these Jugalis is due to the lack of work of the MeECL staff. they shall lose their rights.
They feel that instead of going to Japan and Indonesia at this time of need, she should have gone to different parts of Telengana to help bring peace and stability in Andhra.
The opening match of the day was between Bhoi Zone against Clarissa in which hundreds of spectators came to support the team. Bhoi Zone beat Clarissa 2-0 goals to win their first victory in the first half until the second half.
George Washington said: "It is impossible to rule the world righteously without God and the Bible.
A meeting was also held between the Minister of State for Child Development and various District Officers at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office. He said that the Minister of State for Development has been appointed as an Aspirational District.
Seven MDCs have already resigned after the House passed the Bill.
This victory marks the team's 10th overall victory at Le Mans and the sixth victory for the team was in
The final match of the Subroto Mukharjee Cup Football Tournament 2022 will be held on the 7th of this month at the Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA, Mawkyrwat. Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School will play against Lyngdoh Wanniang Secondary School, Marshillong in the girls' Under-17 category at 9:30 pm. under 14 years at 11 am and Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School against Mawjaraiñ Presbyterian Secondary School at 2 pm.
The final of the District Level Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup 2022 was attended by Bah Aiborlang Khongjee, former Indian Super League player and current coach of Rangdajied FC. Bah Aiban Dohling, player of Goa FC, was the chief guest.
Aizawl and NEROCA have two points each from three games in the tournament.
“We would like to ask you what the government and the relevant agencies will do to ensure that the appointment process is in accordance with the rules of procedure for the appointment of successors so that it will be efficient and prepare immediately and that the announcements should be made public, therefore it is necessary to follow up on this letter so that it will be beneficial to the students,” said the petition sent to the Prime Minister.
After his death, the people of Shella Constituency with a sense of gratitude have thrown his father's clothes at him. His eldest son, Bah Balajied Synrem, who is a young man, is too young but I think he is young but in law he is not the father of the law.
There were also joy rides in the parachute tournament, Hot ai balloon, paragliding and Para Motor. visitors can sit where MAASA has reserved these for the public.
Do you need to help those who support you? It is often said that mutual good deeds often bring only sweet, clean and sweet fruit.
On these two market days, if they fall on Sunday, the market will be postponed to the Pynsiñ market day and the market will be held at Khyllaw and the Pyngkat at Muchai.
“We are waiting now and as soon as we receive their salaries,” he said, urging the teachers to return to their homes and start their training. in classrooms.
The funeral service will be held on 24.11.23 at 1 pm at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church.
The allocation was divided according to the level of education and divisions they passed in the examinations conducted by various boards in the state and abroad, he said. Hardly.
Shangpliang said the Congress has not opposed this order of the central government, but the state government or district administrations should have issued a notice to the people to get time. to provide fastag in their vehicles and this silence of the government has caused problems to the people who have to pass through the tollgates.
This is a sign that the student movement is paying off.
After she couldn't stand the pain, the family members took her to the Civil Hospital where she was immediately sent to NEIGRIHMS for treatment.
Riburom Jat scored the first goal for Wasa United in the 21st minute.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 50 cases including 7 high risk cases, 2 ILI cases, 1 SARI case, 3 cases from Armed Forces, 2 cases from Demseiniong cluster, 4 cases from Golflink cluster, 2 cases from Laban. cluster, one from Laitumkhrah cluster, one from Lapalang cluster, 3 cases from Lawsohtun cluster, one from Lummawbah cluster, one from Lumparing cluster, 2 cases from Lumpyngad Nongthymmai cluster, 7 cases from Madanrting cluster, 2 cases from Mawkhar cluster Mawlai Nongkwar Cluster, 2 cases from Motinagar Cluster, 1 case from Nongrim Hills Cluster, 3 cases from Pynthorbah Cluster, 1 case from Umlyngka Cluster and 2 cases from Umling Cluster.
On the NPP's decision to support the UDP, AL Hek said each party has its own basis and their decision is up to them but the BJP has its own. the foundation.
Israel has fired 20 bombs at Gaza on Tuesday, while Gaza has fired two rockets at Israeli territory in the seven-month conflict. that 2,000 people died.
WISTFUL DISTING SYIEMLIEH (IND) – 626.
In his speech, he also said that the demand to change the Reservation Policy of Bah Ardent is only to corrupt the minds of the people and corrupt their thinking.
Former FKJGP Leader Joe Marweiñ, D Khongsit, General Secretary FKJGP Central Body, KSU Jaintia Hills Unit President Ohibait Dkhar, HH Mohrmen were also present. to the countryside.
Mynthong beat Shangpung Lumiawmuchai 2-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday.
What is more angry with the KSU is that these foreign shops pose a threat to the health of the people who used to eat and drink in these shops. These shops are still willing to accept the price of the goods.
“We have directed from the district authorities to the police stations or even to the block level where we have directed the government officials to be vigilant and to ensure that illegal activities, not only coal mining, are not to happen in Meghalaya,” said the Symbud Minister.
So we have to make this decision and after 10 pm, I feel people need to go home.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Commissioner and Secretary of the District Council Affairs (DCA) on Tuesday said that the holding of the mid-term elections in the state will be up to the state government to decide. there is no law that says it must be held at any time.
“This happens in politics, it happens in political parties, they have taken a decision and I don't have anything to say on this.
The DSO, while explaining to the students, said that there are many types of sports in their own ways such as sports which develop the brain but do not affect the body but sports which are games are games that strengthen the body and make children smart and purify their minds.
Therefore, if we are slow or slow, it will turn back to us like a bird that has been thrown away, or it will come back to us like the Earth rotating on its axis, or like a step that has been thrown away. the dark night that has passed away.
All factories have been ordered not to install vehicles inside their shops.
It is on this basis that many of those who marry prematurely end up divorced and left without children.
It is understood that the HSPDP has not yet decided on its candidate for the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ, but besides this, they want to see the voice of the people tomorrow. u risaw and until now its leaders have hidden the name of the person whom the leaders prefer.
She said that although this price hike is the responsibility of the central government but the state government also has a role to play in discussing this issue as those who are affected are the poor.
Shillong, July 28: Former CEM of JHADC, Bah Moonlight Pariat, has joined the UDP and was welcomed at a meeting held on Monday in Jowai.
Who is responsible for following up and asking questions about all these things?
In a statement, he said that those who violate the order, if found guilty, will be subject to strict provisions of the law including U/S 102 of the Meghalaya Police Act If convicted under the law, a fine of up to T.5000 will be imposed.
This was the first time the State was partitioned.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Government has decided to resolve the border dispute with the Assam Government.
The meeting between Trump and Kim was reportedly brief, when Trump tweeted and Kim accepted and responded to Trump's offer. Trump has been in South Korea for the past few days.
Shillong: U Charles Pyngrope (Congress) has asked for clarification on the fancy numbers, where the Minister said that these are the numbers chosen by the owners of vehicles. You don't have to search for numbers 0001,
The residents also suffered because the parking lots have been destroyed and demanded that they should be rebuilt as soon as possible.
A few days ago, the Rangbah Shnongs had met again with the Governor to urge him to approve the VAB so that it can be passed into law. He said that the Lat has complained that some people have told him that the Rangbah Shnong Khasi Pnar are drunk only at 3 pm.
In a long reply, the Prime Minister said that the government's goal is to bring and maintain peace and order in the country. state.
It is these young scientists who will build the future of the country by taking the lead in key projects and transforming India into a global hub for research," he said. .
“After the arrival of a group of farmers from all over the country under the leadership of Bah kynsing, I and the Prime Minister have held a meeting to take a decision to provide fertilizer with subsidy,” said Bah. Preston.
The meeting was held at Umdohlun Dorbar Hall in the presence of members and office bearers of HYC Umdohlun Circle, HYC Umdohlun Circle Office bearers, Secretary Village Secretary Umdohlun, longkmie and other elders of the area.
“This division and weakness of the Congress has left the state without a strong opposition in the state,” he said.
There is no need to talk about the NRC,” said Kumar.
Nongstoiñ, July 16: U Bah Diostarness Jyndiang, who won the MLA bye election from the HSPDP, has left the party and is now preparing to join the BJP. Besides, reports say that he may contest from the party in the upcoming elections.
We also expressed that we want to talk to the top leaders and not just the vice chairman.
In this age of technology, many of the people are watching the activities of the children of the three years who once a day when the time of election comes, they go to worship the people by speaking words. jali jaum and to throw silver coins only to rise to the throne for one term.
Prizes and cash prizes were prepared for the winners of the competition at the SSA Stadium at 7:30 pm.
The PMAY-G scheme is for the year 2019-20 at a cost of T.1,30,000/- per household.
A special meeting was also held on this occasion and was conducted and welcomed by the President of the unit Samla Kindly Khyriem. Samla Laitphar Syngkrem President of War Jaintia Circle, Samla Leningrad Tariang, Assistant Officer, Samla Leningrad Tariang, Assistant Officer of War Jaintia Hills District, also spoke on the occasion. Secretary of the Women's Association.
If the government buys more clothes, jaiñ ki nep... then we will face a shortage that we have never experienced before.
They say that the age of the Son has now been replaced by the age of the Father in the family; but in the inheritance, the Father is alone, and is not related to the Sons in the tribe.
He said that the preparation of the allocation for the repair of these parts has been going well and once the NHAI has completed the allocation of funds, it will send for the repair as soon as possible and complete on time. which is enough.
He said that through the policy issued by the government, from 1st July, 2023, an annual scholarship of T.7000 gold, T.6000 silver and T.5000 bronze medals per month has been launched from the government. He said that there are still many jobs and areas that need to be developed in the sports industry from the sports grounds, support to the youth. , associations and especially to provide coaches in many sports in the state.
The thanksgiving ceremony, as usual, was preceded by the thanksgiving ceremony, the prayer of water, rice, and also the raising of the flag of the party, which was raised by Rgh KS. Lyngdoh is not an advisor to the party.
Should we still elect a government that has fallen into many corruption in the country? This is where we need wise electors.
MBCC leaders from Adviser Charles Marngar, MBCC President D. Daminot Sylliang, and all the office bearers congratulated George B. Lyngdoh, with words of blessings for his service. He is an MLA not only for Umroi but for Ri Bhoi District as a whole.
Shillong: The SDO of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, officers from various departments, leaders of Pyndengumiong Village and VDPs of Pyndengumiong Village today visited Pyndengumiong Station to inspect the situation. Whether the public follows the rules such as wearing masks, social distancing and other rules that the public should follow, which has been remind the public from time to time through calls from the loudspeakers and through posters everywhere.
As the leader, Bah Mayral Born also appealed to the residents of the village to unite for the purpose of bringing about more development works.
On this issue, Obama acknowledged that it has reached an agreement on cooperation in the nuclear programs that the US will provide India in the coming years. I will come.
Shall we elect those who have been invested with money or shall we look at those who cannot be trusted to carry the burden of the people, especially in the villages which have been neglected? It is here that we can think big as a family together with the youth and lay the foundation for what kind of future we want from now until
Shillong, June 1: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit will celebrate the National Day on the 4th of June in Jowai. The meeting will be held at the District Library, Mynthong, Jowai.
The increase in the price of petrol and diesel has shocked the drivers of commercial vehicles and has caused them to complain because they don't know whether to pay the price of petrol or diesel. at such a time when there are very few passengers in cars.
Speaking after the opening of the party's core committee meeting, General Secretary Ram Madhav said that the public meeting will also be part of the election campaign. the state.
The incident happened at 9.00 pm, while these people were in their own house on the banks of the Nondien River and could not get out because the water had risen steeply and Police of the Nongstoin Fire Service, led by Bah S.Nongrem Station Officer, Nongstoin Fire Service, have rescued the suspects. that soul man.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, Mukul said, “There is no need for Parliamentary Secretaries to resign”.
The meeting was conducted by Mandakini Nongtdu, Center Coordinator Childline in the presence of JHDS Director Fr Manbha Pakem, JHDS Coordinator Denis Kurkalang, staff and members of JHDS. The Christmas Gospel was distributed to receive the incarnation of the Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ.
The program was also conducted by Kong AR Kynta, MCS, BDO, PMAY-G scheme beneficiaries and SHGs under the jurisdiction of NRLM. Mawryngkneng C & RD Block.
Shillong, July 15 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo IAS, has set up a special committee to look into the sale of meat. in the markets within the District from pork, beef, beef, chicken, goat and so on.
All Saints Higher Secondary School has passed the b.
“The land in Harijan Colony belongs to the Syiem, the Council and the land should be used and improved, but the stay of the Harijans for decades should not make them “It is not true that we are attacking them,” said Bah KP Pangniang.
The estimate of the availability of food items will meet the needs in the coming month.
“Meghalaya is known as the fastest growing state in the country, let us not slow down this growth and we must work together to achieve the aspirations of the people,” he said.
What kind of people should we elect as MLAs? The first thing we have to look at is the knowledge and fear of God of the candidate, to look at the dignity, morality, knowledge, spirit of working in society, honesty. and do the right thing, which also has the goal and purpose of making various laws for the good of the country and the state as a whole and we have to review the Constitution and your/the Kyrtong's vision.
M.Rapsang, members of WJDSA and others.
Construction of the dam started in 1960 and was completed in
It cannot be said that the Dorbar Shnong Laitlum with the support of the MLA of the area has really showcased the talents of the youth and women in such a competition.
Therefore, if the DC East Khasi Hills office has received the report, it has already implemented any roads or school buses to curb traffic jam.
In the past three seasons, 6.5 crore bottles (about 500 ml) of Nano Urea Liquid have been used by 192 lakh farmers as a replacement for foliar dose of urea on an area of ​​up to 150 lakh hectares.
Police recovered 423.09 grams of heroin packed in 40 boxes of soap from them, two mobile phones, a motorcycle ML05-R-5271, a PAN card and an EPIC. The police have registered a case against them under sections 21(b)/21(c)/25/29 of the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Rahul's resignation as a member of the Lok Sabha came into effect from yesterday, which was also the day the court issued the order.
Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi, said that the reason why the FKJGP has put forward this demand from the NHAI, is after receiving many complaints from the passengers. The NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District, as it is now, there are many parts of the road, which have been badly damaged and which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
Thus her sword fell on a stone near 'Thlukhleiñ' which is still known as 'Mow Létnow'
Ma Don said that today he received an SMS from Bah Ryngkhlem who demanded T.5 lakh from him.
In Group D, Wasa FC are currently at the top of the table with 7 points, ahead of Khliehmawlieh with 6 points.
The public should not forget that in the past years, students within NEHUSU and other civil society organizations have been reporting in the media from time to time on the disappearance of VC Prof.S.K.Srivastava. from NEHU and how this affects their future.
Ramadoria said it is necessary to implement various programs within the target timeframe.
Meanwhile, the President of HYC Tyrso Unit, Bah Davidstar, said, “I am surprised that the Prime Minister loves the birds more than the people of the state and has not done anything to find ways and means to improve the situation. the border dispute in Block
However, it is a program of the MDA government. How did the NPP flag come out? Is the cost of declaring this road from the plan of the NPP,” said the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
In the Master category, Mr. Roslein Kharkrang was awarded.
There are 587 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to 1,4
Khliehriat, June 21: The FKJGP South Eastern Border Area Circle (FKJGP) has expressed its special gratitude to the Chief Minister of the FKJGP, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who is also the Minister of Social Welfare Department, who has worked hard to build the Improve the RBBJ Road through the Central Road Infrastructure Fund.
Most of the cases have been reported after attending the Nizamuddin festival, which has spread to 17 states so far.
“The people should not be greedy.
“The protest in Ghaziabad has angered the farmers and now it has spread to Western Uttar Pradesh and other parts of the country,” Malik said. Haryana.
The world is still waiting for a scholar, perhaps from Khasiland, who can research these soh in more detail and introduce them to other peoples of the world.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of FKJGP Sohra Circle, Bah Carlos Kharmih, said that the petition was submitted to the CEM of KHADC. trading New license for foreigners who intend to do business in these areas.
“Speeches were also delivered by many party leaders including Mawphlang MDC Lamphrang Blah, Sohiong MDC Sherbor Mawlong and others.
Only those who believe have victory.
A Maruti Car 800 was rolled into the river during the earthquake, but fortunately the driver of the vehicle survived with minor injuries.
Under this scheme, the government provides T.500 per month to the beneficiaries.
And seeing a fig tree by the way side, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only;
The United Nations chief said greenhouse gas emissions are rising and there should be a reduction in the world's richest countries. The UN Secretary-General has said that the country's economy will continue to grow.
The report said that the NPP supporters were angry and took the law into their own hands to express their disapproval of the decision of the people of Shella.
Do you want this MP to advocate for the issues of the state when they win as MP or just to shake hands with us without basing the facts?
These former UDP supporters were welcomed by the Congress Candidate Nehemaya Tyngkan at the Community Hall Iooksi Iapkhla on Saturday. join the Congress party.
The plane flew about 2 km above sea level at a speed of 800 km per hour.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong have faced a challenge in the I-League after losing again to Neroca FC at the Khuman Lumpak Stadium in Imphal today.
Let us listen carefully to this, when the Heads of Government like the President, Prime Minister, Union Ministers together with the Ministers of the State Government and nurses, doctors, police and senior government employees have already given injection drugs right to get protection.
“At present, perhaps the officers are still busy with various programs but as soon as the Puja holidays end, we will try to resolve this issue as soon as possible.
The four civil society groups that called for the night curfew include the RJYF, the MPUF, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM), the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM). ) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF).
“We expect you to do something so that the state will be in peace and stability now and in the coming days,” urged the Dorbar Shnongs and the KSU.
As it appears in English in 1038 it was called "Cristes Maesse", in 1131 it was called "Cristes-messe"
Police sources said that these two persons were also involved in the robbery of a pharmacy vendor in Shallang named Akbar Alli. He is also an employee of the Holy Family Hospital in Rongjeng.
The meeting of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the HSPDP discussed this and other issues.
He said the Government will work with all the leaders of NGOs, religious organizations and village headmen to eradicate drug abuse in the state which has turned into social instability through theft. , lying and stealing.
How it touches the soul and heart of a young man and a young woman.
He said that the government is currently in the process of construction of sports stadiums, improvement of existing grounds with the aim of bringing about change in the field of sports in the state.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC of the HSPDP from Sohryngkham, asked how much the KHADC has paid to the contractor for the construction of the KHADC building. 1,05,94,800 tyngka. Pyniaid said that the total cost of the building is T.4,74,14,0
Justice Vaidyanathan took over from Chief Justice Sanjip Banerjee who retired in November last year.
However, after 6 pm, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare came to talk to reporters on the Covid situation in the state.
“Nursing used to be a job that was done well especially by women from the beginning where the ratio of male and female employees was 80:20, but it was He said that those who have been selected are those who have not yet completed their examinations from schools without any qualifications. knowledge of how to work to support their needs, and therefore this has a significant impact on the delivery of services to the public in the health sector.
A search of the vehicle revealed gold bars hidden under the armrest of the middle seat.
It is learned that there are other candidates who have held a rally today.
The tournament was organized by the WJDSA as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Association which has marked the 50th anniversary of its service to the development of sports in the District.
(Dr) Albert Dkhar to express the grievances of the students against the order issued by the College.
Fellow teachers should not be afraid to take part even if they are intimidated by the Government or the SMCs, because if anything, it is the responsibility of JACATAM. On 5th November 2013, MUPSTA will not be responsible for them.
Susan said that their demand is for money, so the teachers want to meet with the Chief Minister who is in charge of the Finance Department in the state, not the Minister. The Ministry of Education, but the sad thing is that even though they have asked for time from the Prime Minister, he has not given them time and for this reason they have prepared a strong protest.
Shillong, June 28: After the information that Supreme Court Advocate Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait has received through the Information Act, has shocked many elders.
He said that the government has taken a step to resolve the border issue because they want the future of the residents on the border to be peaceful and not to suffer anymore. from time to time.
It is like a small flame falling on a dead body in the forest and the intensity of the fire is too great for us to imagine,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 23: The Mawshynrut Pyllun President and B.Marthong Secretary today submitted a letter to the Branch Manager of the State. Bank of India Riangdo Branch, on the basis of a complaint from the residents who said that only three people are allowed to open accounts at the bank per day.
These buses will also transport the passengers from Malki and will pass through Malki Point, Barik, IGP to Polo, Lawsohtun to Bishnupur, Rhino Point, IGP and Polo. , Last Stop, Rhino Point, IGP to Polo, 7 mer, Upper Shillong via 5 mer, 4 mer, 3 mer, Lummawbah, Rilbong Point, Rhino Point, IGP to Polo, Mawpat via Langkyrding Mihngi, Lurnshyiap, Golflink to Polo and from Pynthorbah via Lad Shyiap, Golflink to Polo.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 16: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued these guidelines for the information of the public and to enable them to think and be vigilant during the heavy rainfall. bah, lyer, thunder and lightning to avoid tragic incidents.
Referring to the steps taken through the implementation of the CM Elevate scheme, the Minister informed the participants about the opportunities for local entrepreneurs on various schemes that support the development of tourism, agriculture and other sectors.
in or contact the BLO or CSC centre.
Congress MLA from Umsning constituency, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh has raised a question in the House on the Government's compliance with the roads under construction in the State and the time to repair the roads that are still under construction. These include the roads constructed under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana.
“We will support the candidate who wins.
He said that NHIDCL is too slow to implement and since June and June this year the union has talked to the SDO office of Pynursla Sub-Division as well as the authorities of the company to inform them of this problem. I haven't seen anything until now.
On the decision to reopen the shops in the market, Prestone said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Minister in charge of Health, the CEM of KHADC and the Syiem of the Hima will meet in the morning. Mylliem will inspect the market and the decision to open it will be taken after the inspection.
When meeting with Kong RM Kurbah, DC of Ri Bhoi, the KSU leaders said that the KSU does not accept the decision of these two schools, which have decided to charge hostel fees. , without considering the problems of the students and especially the parents who send them to study in these universities.
Shillong, Nailur 01: U Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi and State President of the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday questioned the National Green Tribunal (NGT) on the ban on coal mining in the country. Meghalaya has not been able to do anything about the pollution in Delhi.
Speaking to media, the Minister expressed his gratitude to the FKJGP for doing this which is a good step for the benefit of the people.
"“I also spoke in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly.
That means that if it is written on the forehead, it is no longer necessary to write on the right hand.
Shillong: Out of the 42 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 31 cases are from East Khasi Hills, of which 10 cases are from Armed Forces, 16 cases are from high risk contacts and one case is from ILI. Three cases were randomly sampled, one from Woodland Hospital, two from NEIGRIHMS, and one from abroad.
There are currently 410 cases in East Khasi Hills and 356 cases in East Khasi Hills.
The factory, which has been issued NOC by the JHADC to be constructed at Umdeinling, falls within the boundary of Umsatai, Deinsatlang, Ladwahwapung and Pynurkba villages of Rymbai District.
The Tenancy Bill does not apply to those who live outside the houses, those who live in houses, houses or those who live in houses without a house. rud street.
The KSU has arrested this foreigner for his illegal activities against Khasi girls who work in his shop.
They planted not only trees but also stones, such as male and female stones.
There are many ways in which concentration can be enhanced and empowered.
The market vendors are also human beings, they have the right, the question is who else will give them this right to sell in the right places? There are also shops in private houses which have been given a number to open on a specific day, but they are still violating the rules of the Dorbar Tympang Iawmusiang and opening their shops.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-II) Government has refused to reconsider the Reservation Policy, and said that the implementation of the roster system and the implementation will continue as usual.
Shillong, Lber 29: The GNLA has congratulated all the people of Garo Hills for their cooperation during the two days of office blockade. The GSU has called on the GSU to stand up for the benefit of the students of the area, as it has said that the police have been arresting the students and arresting them. they.
Sawmer SC opened the scoring through Diego Khriem in the 10th minute, but Mawlai responded by scoring through Donlad Diengdoh in the 20th minute. scored the first goal in the 24th minute.
Therefore, before we leave this earth, let us leave behind a happy and prosperous future.
The reason for making and producing this film is also to encourage young women who want to become Airforce.
According to sources, all the Superintendents of Police (SP) have been urged to be vigilant and to conduct patrols as a precautionary measure against any incident.
However, due to the stronger empowerment of the Regional Offices, the government has been able to complete the issuance of permits for up to 800 forest activities across the country and only the Shillong Regional Centre. it has completed 36 work so far, he said.
In the Junior Cadet Girls – 53kg, Feliza Hujon won the silver medal, Daiarlbha Nongrum won the silver medal and Jyntialyn Warbah won the bronze medal.
Now, we have heard from some NPP and UDP leaders that the outcome of the Sohiong election will not affect the relationship between these parties and their cooperation in the MDA 2.0 government.
Bantei Sungoh (Low Kick Senior Men -63.5 kg), 5
On July 22, the Meghalaya Indigenous Minority Tribes Forum (MIMTF) demanded up to 15% employment share for the Rabha, Boro, Hajong, Koch and Mann communities of Garo Hills.
Perhaps the Central Government and the Railway Department have turned their attention to East Jaintia Hills for this reason as the railway line from Tetelia to Byrnihat has now been suspended.
“These people are our heritage, and we need to follow the examples they have set, to learn about them, to be inspired by their work.
At the same time, the Seiñ invites the Secretaries/Presidents of various Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij departments to attend the Lympung, the Daloi, Pator and Langdoh Niam from various Raijs to attend. I'm going to this lympung.
If you are HIV positive, you should consult your doctor so that you can start treatment.
Bah Synroplang said that greatness comes from uniqueness and the Khasi people are unique.
Chandigarh: A young woman in China has been diagnosed with mental illness after sending hundreds of phone calls and text messages to her boyfriend. on a daily basis.
Shillong, July 18: Suspected Achik Matgrik Elite Force (AMEF) today detonated a bomb at a cement factory in Damas, North Garo Hills.
The Dolloi has issued a three-year assurance under section 26 of the above Act.
Gokhale said the Supreme Court has made it clear that parties that do not report their expenditure within 75 days will lose their electoral recognition, according to the decision. of the Supreme Court, in the case of Common Cause vs.
“We should celebrate Durga Puja with the thought of those women who have been abandoned.
In addition, according to today's technology, the war can also be a war of words without face-to-face conversations but only in writing and sending or spreading it around.
NEHUSU has sent this university to meet the needs of the students so that they do not suffer in their studies.
The residents have also built a siej bridge to cross to the other side of Lyngnger village, and this siej bridge is built every year in the month of June to avoid the problem during the floods.
The Excise Department in Ri Bhoi, has also said that from now on, they will continue to search or seize vehicles carrying illegal drugs.
Speaking as the keynote speaker on the 159th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, Professor SN Lamare turned to the youth and urged them to learn more about the struggle of the Jaintia people against the British Government.
The three suspects are Jimmy Kyndait of Moorap village who was arrested on 28th October and two others who were arrested on 21st October including the brother of I Love You Talang, Meban Talang from Moorap and Sambun Dkhar from Mynsngat.
Not only that, children, children, women and even the elderly have been abducted to the Gaza Strip.
On the same day, the KSU also honored two teachers.
“This coal mine has been mined in this village for more than 8 years now and it has caused problems to the residents because it pollutes the drinking water, fish ponds and the environment as a whole. “We are sorry and that is why we have given 15 days to the DC's office to remove the coal from this area, otherwise the Dorbar Shnong will take other strong measures,” he said.
According to an election survey conducted by Indian TV analysts, the BJP led by Shivraj Singh Chouhan will win the least seats this time, while the Congress led by Kamal Nath, However, the survey showed that even if it wins more seats, it will be more difficult to win a majority.
Why? Because in Israel there are Jewish nations, there is also the city of Jerusalem which God has chosen since the foundation of the earth.
However, the Minister of India, Mohammed Hussain, while addressing the meeting, spoke on the use and adoption of laws such as the National Housing Strategy Act and the Accessible Canada Act.
The SP said that drugs and alcohol are the causes of crime in the village and it is the duty of the village to cooperate with the police to curb the crime caused by these crimes.
At the same time, the Circle invites the Dorbar Shnongs, Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla of different villages in Mawlai to cooperate so that we can fight against this. KSU Mawlai Circle said that the KSU Mawlai Circle has been threatening the nation through the youth and children.
“We have not yet decided who will be the leader of the BJP for the 2023 elections and we have not decided how many candidates we will nominate but the candidates we will contest will not be less than 40 seats,” he said.
On the evening of the formation of the group on Friday, the office bearers of the group including Bah Orenjone Khongnoh as Secretary and Gioni Thabah as Treasurer were confirmed.
Bipiush, who is also a student of Ferrando Memorial School and from Dawa Nengkattok, Williamnagar, has been involved in several clubs in Williamnagar while Donkam Marak, a student of Hawakhana Higher Secondary School. He is from Matalagre village near Okkapara. He has been involved with Chanmary FC in Tura.
The JARF Leader asked why the State Government has not completed the mining policy and mining plan since 2014? As we understand now, the Supreme Court has stressed the need for a mining policy and mining plan before coal can be mined again.
In the house of the Kharsyntiew tribe.
For this reason, our state is still backward and many of the leaders who have statesmanship, do not want to involve in the rule of law. political).
The 5 percent increase in employment at the beginning of 2014 and 2015, are signs of economic progress in the country.
He said that the biggest change has been in the last four years, because as in the past 50 years, successive governments have not been able to achieve the solution of the pud and sam.
Pynshai Lyngdoh of Tia Chaphrang Secondary School and Jonathan Siangshai of Tia Chaphrang Secondary School won the second and third prizes respectively.
Also present on the occasion were MDC Adelbert Nongrum, Rangbah Shnong, JS Cajee, HS Suting, General Secretary and others.
The party urges the Honorable Prime Minister that if you cannot think again, please resign from the leadership of the State Government and hand over to those who can lead because we see the dangers of privatization. It has started with 56 33/11 KV Sub Stations and now two newer Power Stations.
He said that the Executive Member of the Fisheries Department, Bah Mitchel Wankhar, has been appointed to prepare a proper DPR for the improvement of the fish pond in Lailad Ribhoi District. It was also decided to strengthen the IT cell of the KHADC, where they will take measures to facilitate the people who wish to appeal cases to the District Council Court. They also decided to launch online payment so that people can pay their professional tax through online payment.
It is learned that on the EVMs, there are the shapes of the candidates along with the names of the candidates and photographs, but instead of the Lotus shape, the shape and name of the candidates are displayed. Dinesh Trivedi, Trinamool MP from the constituency, said that this is a ploy to steal votes. The Election Commission has written to the Chief Electoral Officer, West Bengal and said that these EVMs were used in 2014 and the presence of The word BJP does not mean the name of the political party.
“We will go to the district council to explain more and more to provide protection to the jaitbynriew, to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state,” he said.
Soolangki Laloo June 18, 2020 I'm not sure if this is true or not, but I'm sure it's true.
It was also announced that if there are unregistered forests, the people can register with the Forest Department or apply for a written statement when applying for the PES Scheme.
Bah Enshon is survived by his wife and 10 children.
It used to be strong in Karnataka and now it is no longer strong.
The Governor General of India, Chakravarty Rajagopalachari, signed the Agreement on 17th July,
"Kokilaben Hospital believes in information sharing and from time to time holds events across India to disseminate information on emerging treatment methods through the use of technology and healthcare systems.
“To eradicate white supremacy is a serious sin against hundreds and thousands of youth and we appreciate the decision of the High Court on this,” said Bah Paul.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Samlin said the HSPDP will support the UDP candidate as there is an agreement before the election that the UDP will contest from Ranikor.
On the day of the shooting in Mukroh, jhur and food vendors in the market in Shillong had to close immediately due to the lack of people coming from other states and no one walking or standing after the shooting. caught dark.
He said that at present, the Post Office has done a lot of work and he said that the North East Postal Circle has 15,97,574 Post Office Savings Banks (POSBs). Special attention has been paid to the collection of money at Post Offices in the rural areas.
On Saturday, a team of the Public Undertaking Committee (PUC) visited Sohra where the factory is located to inspect its condition and operation.
Speaking to media, Robertjune said that the Sixth Schedule is a law to protect the customs and traditions, the land while the ILP is the law to protect the state from the smuggling of foreigners.
The approval of the budget comes after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is in charge of the Finance Department, introduced the Meghalaya Appropriation (No.II) Bill. -2024) Bill, 2023" in the House where it was passed by the members of the House as a sign of approval.
Because until now, I have been asking the Police Department.
How can this be when the announcement is one thing at the meeting and another.
The BDO of Mylliem C&RD Block, Bah Passah, said that according to his estimates, 13 houses in Nongpathaw have been damaged, while 7 or 8 houses have been damaged. In Nongrah, 8 houses were damaged, in Nongmensong, 20 houses were damaged, in Pynthor, 19 houses were damaged. St. Nanak Secondary School has been damaged, while most of the damaged houses have been damaged in Umpling where up to 40 houses have been damaged.
Upon landing, 242 passengers on board were tested for covid-19 and when 30 passengers were found to be positive, all passengers were sent to quarantine. India.
“Five years after Meghalaya got the Autonomous District Council, the slogan 'No Hills State No Rest' has emerged.
He has served in the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod since
Gopal Sunar (1 over: 6 runs: 2 wickets) and Krishna Magar Thapa (1.4 overs: 24 runs: 2 wickets).
Shillong, July 3: Ka Kam Danda U Rangdajied has released a new album titled 'Na la thiar'
After about 15 minutes there was an explosion that shocked and shocked everyone when the smoke.
Nongstoiñ, June 29: Last October, there was a death of fish in Khliehmawlieh, Umyiap, Porsohsat and other places in Nongstoin. ngap from Khliehmawlieh has sent the umngap it has collected from the dead fish to the Department of Horticulture for testing to find out the cause of their death. faithful to find the cause.
The three MDC constituencies in the KHADC from East Khasi Hills are Sohra, Nongshken, Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh, Shella, Mylliem, Nongkrem, Mawkynrew, Sohryngkham, Laitumkhrah, Jaiaw and Mylliem. Mawkhar-Pynthor, Laban-Mawprem, Sohiong-Nongspung, Mawphlang, Nongthymmai, Mawsynram and Mawlai.
To find out more about peace and happiness, they conducted a variety of tests, including blood and brain tests for both groups (rural and urban).
Who are those who love or are friends or fellow servants of God? Paul from verses 22 to 27 points out that those who love or friends or fellow workers are those who mourn, mourn for the destruction, the destruction of the earth and also those who mourn with the world. the whole world.
According to information, many of these buses and small vehicles have been damaged and have been abandoned without repair.
The Cabinet has also decided to implement the Assam Water Rules 2022 in order to link it with the Regulation for Idol Immersion, he said.
Earlier, the NIA had seized the property of three persons accused of involvement in illegal activities in many places in Kashmir under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act. get an order from the court.
The three-term MLA from Gambegre said the BJP-led NDA government in Delhi has not yet introduced any Bill on these two languages ​​despite the election. too.
Shillong, Naitung 9 : All the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government should stand together against the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), said former Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie. .
The budget of Rs 20 crore is no longer a small amount.
During the inspection, the union found that these foreigners had used these toilets as a storage place because they were locked with a lock, and they entered only through one hole. prong from the Godown, and they have also made this place their sleeping quarters.
The District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh, invites all the runners from Ri-Bhoi District to take part in the Ri-Bhoi Day Run
Teachers who have served for 10 years or more (senior most).
“If we look at the budget, which is estimated to receive T.10,173 crore and the expenditure of T.10,103 crore, excluding the repayment of loans, we understand that we have a part to play. “We have collected T.10, 173 crore from the budget of T.10, 103 crore but we need to pay the loan,” he said while replying to a question on the budget today. council.
From the voice of these auto drivers, they were angry with these people who claimed to be the leaders of the HYC, who went to touch the hands of their leader and who also took away. They decided that from now on they will no longer cooperate with the HYC, if there are any jobs that require these auto drivers.
The report was submitted to the Pasteur Institute in Paris and published today by the Daily Mail.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest informed about the contribution of teachers to the children and students. He said that teachers are at the same time great teachers and friends who are close to the students. .
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle through this statement expresses its condolences to the family of Samla Monlang Khonglah. ) who passed away today after being hit by an earthquake in Shnong Tongseng.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Pynshngain said that if the government brings up this issue just because of the mid-term elections, it will cause them a huge loss in the year. 2023.
Earlier, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong had promised the CoHSO that the government will incorporate the provisions of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) into the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act ) in this upcoming budget session.
Everyone said that the development of the state takes 4 or 5 years to develop the state and another is to turn the government into a money distributor by collecting revenue and providing for the distribution of money.
He added that the party has not yet decided who will contest the election.
He recalled that many of the supporters have started to turn to the UDP party because they have left the party from abroad.
It was during the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma as Prime Minister and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma that they took action to resolve the border dispute between the two states.
Shillong, October 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Delhi Unit today met with the MP of Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Vincent Pala in New Delhi to request him to take action against the government. The delay of the state government in releasing scholarships for the year
Furthermore, 180 Public Private Partnership (PPP) projects worth T 8,228 crore have been completed and 27 are in progress.
The lack of action by MeECL to supply electricity has caused inconvenience to the people and even if the light comes, it lasts only for a while and disappears for hours and days.
The Nongthymmai Cultural and Sports Club Huroi on 21st November 2023, unveiled the statue of the founders of the Nongthymmai Cultural and Sports Club Huroi at a function held at the Nongthymmai Cultural and Sports Club in the presence of MLA Santa Mary Shilla was the chief guest.
Most of the farmers in this area have not benefited from Meghalaya and Assam.
Compared to the last match against Madan Maharaj FC, it was just a lack of luck, where the defeat came by only 10 goals after a good performance from the team. Mawlai, whose failure to beat FC Bengaluru FC this time, is indeed a turning point and will remind the AIFF that the teams or clubs of Shillong and especially from Meghalaya, If you allow and open such competitions, many youngsters from the area will continue to compete in the sports like Aiborkhonjee, Eugeneson Lyngdoh, Aiban Dohling, Redeem Tlang and so on. ter.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP Spokesperson JA Lyngdoh said that the visit of Nalin Kohli and Alphons was sudden to see the situation of the BJP in Sohra but the party is well aware of it.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Waheh Derbormi Lyngdoh, delivered the keynote address and thanksgiving speech.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle, after inspecting the Forest Department at Mawlai Phudmuri, has found with its own eyes that the CRPF has crossed the border in this area. They built a volleyball court and a toilet.
Shillong, March 10: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday slammed the Congress party for accusing the ethnic parties of being divided but now it is clear that the Congress has a majority in the state.
Mizoram has been severely affected by the disease in recent years, with pigs contracting Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS) in 2013, 2016, 2018 and Thousands of pigs have died and worth T.10.62 crore has been lost to the farmers.
He said that most of the time the police find that the drug traffickers are the same people who have been arrested and cannot escape. leaves to do with another case.
There is only one vacancy, they must have passed class XII and CGHA or other cadres who have not worked with MSRLS for more than 10 years and under 45 years will be preferred.
“This is not the issue of KHNAM alone, but it is the need for the future of the youth of the country.
Therefore, they have set a goal that if they win, they want to meet the needs of the people from primary health centres, roads to make it easier to travel, schools. and other development opportunities that will benefit not only themselves but the community as a whole.
“Since 1924, the Golf Course has been opened to foreign countries.
Besides, the union also expressed its surprise how the MSPCB has allowed to hold such a public hearing without properly considering whether it has any impact on the residents.
John said that no matter how many laws are passed, while the work is pending, there will always be a conflict with the Constitution of India.
Jopbor Kurbah (15) scored the first goal of the match.
No clear relationship with oxygen supply“Many people who receive home care who do not need oxygen have developed Mucormycosis.
“We are concerned and we have asked for the complete release of Meghalaya from the CAA and also in other states in the North East,” said Hek. all because the people are more important than anything else".
However, researchers say that there is no evidence that B3 from food and medicines can prevent or treat infectious diseases. pain.
These smugglers managed to flee the area due to the forest conditions by leaving behind their goods to escape from the hands of the BSF troops. don't have a stock exchange.
Speakers on the occasion, including Bah George Lyngdoh, Dasakhiatbha Lamare and others, expressed their satisfaction with the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the Traditional Market. They also said that Bhoirymbong is entitled to get this market, as it is the center of hundreds of villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
In just over 10 years, the State shall elect the legislators to serve in the Legislative Assembly.
Not only that, we can also blame the people because until now that sympathy and encouragement of them has not disappeared despite the problems that have come through this.
Bah Shadap said that if you count the price of charging it is only about T.38 per charge and if you count that person has already earned and even if you charge T.100 per day it is still very profitable compared to and petrol-powered vehicles.
The Seiñkur Dkhar 3 Elaka has renewed its office bearers at its 17th General Meeting on 16th November at Jalaphet Pyllun.
This initiative of the NPP-led MDA Government under Conrad K. Sangma aims to destroy the future of the youth and waste the funds of the State on unfounded activities.
In this regard, the residents of the area have complained that in the past years, when there was a dam closure to prevent the spread of Covid 19, the There has been a severe decline in employment, wages and income.
Shortly after, the brother of the poor mother, Bah Kilanson Marbaniang, 23, son of P.Kurkalang, came with the intention of rescuing her, but he too fell into the same trap. the apot , in which he drowned himself and died.
“We as the VPP will not eat ourselves and we will not allow others to eat and in the coming days when the demand for the amendment of the Reservation Policy is successful we will protest to demand that these people who steal the money of the people," he said.
Deputy Inspector General of Police (Northern Range) Lalbiakthanga Khiangte said they were arrested and detained since Friday and sent back to Assam on Thursday.
On the schools which have only 9 students inside, and which need to be closed down, the Minister said that in this regard, he will have to look into it, because when taking measures for the children and teachers should not be involved.
This will only happen if the Zamindars and land owners agree.
The final match between the two teams will start at 2:00 PM at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium and the two teams are ready to leave. field for the title.
Police immediately conducted a search operation and seized 19 vehicles passing from the wrong direction.
He said that the most surprising thing is that even at the MDA meeting, no one speaks.
“If you look at this article, you can say that this Syiem is an unsung hero who has not been remembered by all the people in Ri Khasi Jaintia,” she said.
After his ordination, Fr Ferdinand was elected Dean of Studies at St Paul's Seminary in 1994 and
Before climbing to the top of Sohpetbneng, U Tymmen U San, had first held a nguh ka dem, at the gate opposite the Umiam Pond, where they had taken the rice, water and rice. to hold a thanksgiving prayer, as has been requested since the day of Shi Hat, Shi Taiew, for the completion of the rituals at Lum Dorbar Lawnongthroh, at Mei Mawbuh and at Sohpetbneng, together with the king of Mawshun, to prepare the sharud shakiar for the soap, the sakai, the dani, the dai kot, the four-bniat, the four tyngam.
According to KHADC records, for the year 2012-2013, 65 new licenses were issued in Ri-Bhoi District, 34 commercial licenses and 128 renewed licenses were issued in South West. In West Khasi Hills, 60 new licenses were issued and 53 were renewed.
The statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, named the Statue of Unity, was erected at a height of 182 meters at a cost of Rs 2036 crore.
New Delhi, November 08: The BJP has won 156 MLAs in the 182-member Assembly in Gujarat. This is the party's biggest victory in the MLA elections. The party won the most seats in 1985 when Madhav Singh Solanki of the Congress was Chief Minister.
You may be a minister, an officer of the light department, and now you don't have to pay for light; but thou shalt remember, that thou mayest save thyself one house, two houses; but other brothers, sisters, relatives, who are close to you, have to pay this low price and even you, you can support this time, because it is a branch. but remember, that in a few months (if not a few years) you will surprise people and you will become more and more aware of these opportunities and thus to talk rapjot, it doesn't make sense, but it is to dig tyllong to find the truth.
“These three departments under MeCEL should be able to stand on their own feet,” he said.
He said it cannot be said that he is in the opposition and Mukul Sangma is in the ruling party but they are brothers fighting against each other in politics.
In prayer we should not be slow, because it is a request, a supplication, a knowledge, a plea before God.
In addition, the father, mother and children hold their own property, not only to be happy but also to buy in their own stai ki stai and their own names and and the price is different.
Instead of seeing the faith of the country, there is the faith of the country.
The Minister said that in the month of November-April, the drones will also carry goods weighing up to 25 kilos.
Referring to the resignation of Grace from the ARPA for the second time, Adelbert said that he has not received the resignation letter from Grace at the time of his appointment. CEM after Bah Ardent, and it is not that he invited Grace to join the ARPA, but it is the same time that when Grace left the ARPA, it was also the time that The KHADC dorbar is near, so to avoid any confusion, the ARPA has included Grace with the intention of looking after within two months.
The KJFWRA demands that the Commission of Food Safety should clarify whether they can test those fish that contain formalin.
I feel that the national parties are like a rainbow coalition and they cannot solve the problems of Meghalaya.
At the meeting, it was also decided to reduce the number of vehicles accompanying the Prime Minister and now it has been directed to use only seven vehicles during all the visits of the Prime Minister. Public vehicles or ambulance vehicles shall not be allowed to stop during the journey of the Chief Minister of the State.
Speaking at the election campaign for the NPP MP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh at Iawpynsin Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills District on 11th June, Bah Tynsong said that the current MP election has been very successful. “The VPP led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit has campaigned for the election without any issues or agenda and this issue they are going to the people is only to accept that it is the only, righteous party...but this statement of mine is not what it shows," he said.
He said that according to the rules, they should inform the Prime Minister when they come to the state and arrange the programme, but their action is that they have gone beyond the rules of federalism. or state-federal relations.
Therefore, we shall not discuss this subject in detail because it is a more complex subject.
According to information received from these incidents, the movement of the people in these border villages has been banned with the aim of preventing any disturbance which affects the peace and order of the residents. On the other hand, the Khasi people have been harassed by the Assam Police for various purposes.
It was also stipulated that the candidates for the post must have 5 years of experience as lawyers.
“Many states have requested the Prime Minister to extend the curfew for another two months and the Government of India is considering this request,” said PS Dhatwalia, spokesperson for the Prime Minister. the Government of India.
Earlier, the Seinraij Jowai had closed the market since the 11th of this month as part of the fight against the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, July 11: The relative of a child accused of rape in Mawryngkneng, Kong Bell, from Mawryngkneng village, on Tuesday said that she will not allow the village to spend village funds to defend the village. Peter J Lawai, the Sordar, has been arrested.
Shillong, Lber 19: Sixteen MDCs of the ARPA this morning turned to the Governor's House to show that they have the strength to hold the power in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). that the tylli.
“In order to discuss and take a final decision on these demands, the VC has also promised to convene a meeting of the Academic Council (AC) of NEHU in November,” said Prof Kma.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister said that there are 300 registered youth organizations across the State working in various fields and the present Government through YESS Meghalaya will provide assistance. money to him.
Before the meeting, a swearing-in ceremony was held for all the youth who have received the new EPICs issued by the Election Department in accordance with the directives of the Election Commission of India. Thank you very much.
He said it was the Maki who allocated land in Delhi to build a Christian church and the BJP is not an anti-Christian party or bans the consumption of meat.
The MDC, after seeing this incident as a sign of his condolences and sympathy to the family, also donated foodgrains and money to the family, at the same time. Speaking to reporters, the MDC said that the district authorities should take immediate action to send relief to the family of the victim, especially the injuries. of these children whom I have seen.
Roy said the candidate should be from the political party, because the people will accept it more and he said that other political parties have their own. They have the right to bring forward their own candidate, in which the MDA will have to choose the most suitable among them.
Government Officers and State Leaders have expressed their selflessness in that they no longer care about their position but have been willing to do these kinds of jobs in the society.
However, it can be avoided in this regard that the purpose of the Dulir-juban-tyrwa election is directly related to the election process.
Similarly, the BDOs will plant 243,000 trees on an area of ​​233 hectares while the Ecological Project, Sohra will plant 90,000 trees on an area of ​​69.23 hectares.
Aiborlang Shadap, said that the school is facing a serious problem due to the shortage of teachers at the Upper Primary level.
Speaking on Prestone's decision to speak on the issue, a rangbah from Mawshun village, while talking to reporters, said that Prestone promised only before the elections, but only he didn't do anything after the election.
Tourist attractions in Khasi Hills attract tourists from all over the world.
Shillong: The three day Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Kmie, has come to an end on Mawlong, 10th June 2023, amidst the brightness, peace of God, and witnessing of the The uniqueness of the Hynniewtrep people, at the Weiking Forum, Jaiaw, Shillong.
The BJP leader said that the RTI requested from the Tura Municipal Board has revealed many “deadly” projects allocated by the SUWP (2018-2019) and MPLADS (2017-2018). that have been implemented but have not appeared yet.
Shillong: The match between Mookbu SC and Chiliang SC at the Khliehtyrshi Stadium today ended in a draw.
Adelbert said that the reply of KHADC through RTI on the Wahumkhrah scheme is a blatant lie to the people to say that Wahumkhrah is 100% clean while the people have witnessed with their own eyes. that the river is still flooded.
Therefore, the union strongly requests the honorable officer to provide as soon as possible the necessities of the children. Vidal test machine, DG set or to move the barrel (D.O) from its current location higher to avoid the loss of light inside and other facilities inside the PHC. The residents of the PHC have to travel to Jowai, Shillong and Silchar which is about 65KM or 125KM away.
Congratulating the Khasi Authors' Society on its 175th Anniversary of Literacy in the Khasi Language, the Chief Guest urged the Khasi people to read Khasi books in order to survive. in the Khasi language.
There are about 20 timber mills in Jirang but the owners who are Khasi did not attend the meeting on Saturday. Assam but it is suspected that it may not be due to financial assistance because they used to demand money from the sawmills.
The reason why the members of the RBYF Nongpoh Circle and the family members of the child had to meet the DM&HO was because of the expulsion of the child from a school. The nurse working at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, said that the child was discharged at 11.30 pm.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered to stop the felling of trees in the first section or Package 1 of the Shillong-Dawki road.
The two organizations, after arresting these foreigners and after finding that they had violated the Interstate Migrants Workmen Act, 2011, handed them over to the police station. Umsning Police Station, for all the necessary arrangements.
Therefore, we appeal to all from the parents, the youth of the area, as well as the community to help this young man who comes from a poor family”.
Because the Government itself has made it clear that it will fine those who violate its rules, whether it is those who do not wear masks or those who do not keep social distancing.
The leader of the meat farmers expressed his surprise that 28 cows were auctioned in just three minutes.
The most notorious roads are: Rymbai-Bataw-Borkhat-Jelalpur road; the road to Khlieh Mustem-Umpowin-Mawlasnai; kilometers from Umsning-Raitong, Umling-Lailad-Nongladew-Patharkhmah Road; the Nongshillong-Umkrem-Pariong-Rngisawlia-Lad Sngimawlein-Jashiar Road; the Mawkyrwat-Mawlangwir-Mawranglang Road; the Sohiong-Mawkyllei-Lawbyrtun-City-Lyngkhoi-Mawkneng-Sohiong Road;   Nongstoin-Nongstoin-Steplanglur Road, Rambrai-Mawdoh Road; the Nongstoin-North-Central-Risiang-Umthli-Mawlait-North-North-North-North-North-Miangshang-North-Pathar-Maweit; Then from Nongstoin, Nongjuli, Kynro, Nonglwai, Sasniang, Sohsyniang, Rangblang, Sohphe Khylliang, Lad Ngundilang, Mariem, Umdohlun, Mawpat, Wahkaji, Tynlang, Mawdiang.
:Three men have been suspected of being involved in a crime, in which some of the angry residents of the village have gathered and shot and beaten these three men and this happened in Rangsakona of South West Garo Hills, which led to the death of these two men on Friday night.
Rescue teams confirmed that 11 people who were rescued from the scene died inside the scene.
When Nehemiah heard this report, he was very discouraged and asked King Artaxerxes for permission to return to Jerusalem with the intention of rebuilding Jerusalem.
Shillong, June 3: Forty pyrtons of election security guards have been arrested.
The ICYM will bring prominent coaches in the state to witness the tournament from Football, Basketball and Athletics and the ICYM hopes that the participation of prominent coaches in the state will open the door for them. players who work hard and have the ability to improve in their careers.
He said the state can produce sohphan worth up to Rs 1000 crore through these factories and this will benefit 50,000 farmer households.
The JSM has already submitted a letter to the DC Jowai and CEM JHADC on July 30 demanding the removal of the gate and threatened to protest because the KACC revenue gate falls under Khanduli. The state of Meghalaya.
It is true that such tests should be conducted from time to time.
If Lajong win today, they will take the title from Delhi.
Nongstoiñ, July 26: As part of the celebration of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking 2023, the office of the District Social Welfare Officer, West Khasi Hills District today held a public awareness program on or 'People first: stop stigma and discrimination, strengthen prevention'
Shillong, Nailur, 01: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of State for Urban Affairs on Friday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Williamnagar Urban Water Supply. Project Phase-I was witnessed by the Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar and MLAs including Marcuise Marak, Jim Sangma and Abdus Saleh.
The MEGAMB, the Meghalaya Farmer App and the website of MAMETI were also launched at the meeting.
Duni Dkhar scored the first goal for Dkhiah West in the third minute, Arki Phawa and Shameki Dkhar (26) scored two goals.
Handicraft : means craftsmanship, craftsmanship is clean and crafty; wet is not clean and syrdoh.
Pastor T Dkhar, Pastor In Charge of Wapung Church, said that the youth service of the KJP Synod Mihngi will end on Sunday. Special speakers will be Pastor BD Shangdiar at 10:00 pm and Pastor SG Ryngksai at 1:30 pm while Pastor EL Kharmawphlang will deliver a speech on The subject will be discussed at 6:30pm.
He said that as the youth on such a day they have a smile on their faces because it is a happy day that they have shown through the work that they have done under the leadership of the old office bearers. .
“The NPP will take the necessary action on the allegation against the party leader,” he said.
“At the same time, Kong Ampareen, who is also in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture, said that the state government has also taken steps to create job opportunities by turning to agriculture and how to connect them so that it will be a source of income for the residents.
Besides the winners, the Association also awarded special awards including the Most Promoting Player in the women's category to Mystica Avril Ïawphniaw of St Peter's and Wankitboklang in the men's category. Lyngkhoi of Christ King Higher Secondary School Riangdo.
Soon you will find that your mind will focus only on thoughts that will hurt your life, then you will understand what kind of people you will be - people with evil thoughts and evil spirits who see only the faults of others or 4) If you don't think before you speak about what you want to say, it won't matter what kind of speech you use.
New Delhi: India's household income has fallen sharply this year, the sharpest decline in the last 50 years. 5.1 per cent of GDP. In 2022, the inflation rate will be 7.2 per cent, according to the Financial Express, quoting the Reserve Bank of India.
It is worth mentioning that there has been a threat from the opposition to overthrow the CEM in the upcoming budget session of the KHADC. He said that the Executive Committee which he leads is strong with the support of 18 MDCs. These 18 MDCs are 11 from the PDF, 4 from the NPP and 1 from the UDP. Equator Nongrang, BJP member and independent MDC Ricky Shullai.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pastor EH Kharkongngor, Secretary of SAFF, said that his visit to the forum was his own visit. I'm not going to SAFF, I'm not going to ask for anyone's permission.
Donna Diengdoh was also confirmed as the General Secretary of the Women's Wing Shillong City and Damelari Ryntathiang was confirmed as the Vice President of the Women's Wing.
The speaker at the service will be the Secretary of the Bible Society of India, Shillong Auxiliary, Rev. PD Khar.
Now we have lost the love of our father,” said Sonowal.
The stories of Elisha about “the death in the pot” and Ezekiel about “the valley of the bones” should make us think seriously and ask, “Can we choose the life and freedom between death and despairï Can we revive justice and righteousness? The field is full of bones and these bones are dry, lifeless, shapeless donate.
The raid was led by Samla Hopewell Kharkongor, President FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit and Samla Shahbok Langstieh, General Secretary Samla Shahbok Langstieh. It was found that many foreigners who came in the form of contractors did not have Work Permit, Labor License and Trading Licence.
The two survivors were identified as Deiwa Lyngdoh (18) and Phrang Khyriem (40).
He said that the civil society will not stop until the demand for the implementation of the ILP is met in the state.
“All Thais should be self-sufficient and the work of the poor should go smoothly,” he said.
Above this valley there are two thwei but the most beautiful is the Koh Langheit thwei, because all around it is covered with shyiap and from the foot of this thwei Koh Langheit the river splits into two parts. a mountain that looks like a dewlynnong.
He said that the party wants the leaders to take action.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 13: The District Level Volleyball Tournament (DSO) in collaboration with the South West Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association (SWKHDVS) has opened the District Level Volleyball Tournament. Tournament 2023 at MDSA Stadium, Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills.
Maulana Saad, who is currently in hiding, told his followers, “If you think you will die by gathering in the mosque, I will tell you. , that there is no better place to die".
On his Facebook page, it was posted that the dngiem was killed by the people of Mawpyrthuh village, which is below Pynursla, yesterday.
According to Bah Jeremy Lyngdoh and Alex Narleng, during the meeting with the DC Ri Bhoi, the DC promised to take action and will talk to the DC. Kamrup District, to resolve the issue of the Assam government's forced invasion and border crossing of the village road at Khanapara.
The JSU would like to clarify that the opposition of the party to the border trade in the past few days is that if the trade resumes as before, it is in a manner without proper or weak rules.
Shillong, July 21: Protests against the allocation of 18 acres of land by the state government to the agriculture department at 7 mer-Upper Shillong have increased with the passing of the days.
However, the NPP-led government has said that the state is completely safe.
“This JAC of these groups includes seven Khasi groups from different villages of Mawsynram Hima including the Khasi Nongrum, Mawsynram, Lawbah, Mawkaphan, The Khasi Seng of Syntein and the Khasi Seng of Jympiat.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K Sangma said that the legacy and works of PA Sangma will live forever.
They said that now, one cow has to be divided among many vendors, but there are only a few people among the people who come to buy the meat.
This made her so frightened that she phoned her mother to apologize for what she had done.
Tamil Nadu has announced that it will tighten the curfew in four districts of the state to curb the spread of the coronavirus.
The opening ceremony was also attended by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC Mawryngkneng, Bah Allantry Dkhar, Bah JJ Shadap, Chairman TVWPS, Mayborn Rapthap, Bah Alos Nongpoh and others. .
The government has issued the announcement without first conducting a survey on the number of land vendors and how they will decide to select who to issue license and who to remove,” said the leader of the land vendors. Angela Rangad while speaking to reporters.
Therefore, as a precautionary measure, all relevant authorities, including the District School Education Officer, have been directed to comply with the directives of this order. on the 24th of this month.
When it is wrong to follow the advice of parents, or longkñi, it is often witnessed that children and young people step on the feet of those above them, whether they are parents, longkñi or longkñi. panmab is not the most sneng.
Mangsang is also the last market in East Garo Hills, where the shopkeepers are Assamese and some Khasi and there is also a Police Out Post near the highway.
The security guard, a Nepali national, died after being shot dead in the same incident.
The Executive Committee of the Laitlyngkot Elaka Dorbar, on 02nd March, rejected the allegation by Bah Dkhar and clarified that the allegation is groundless.
Ms. L.Warjri, Senior Scientist & Head, KVK, West Khasi Hills explained that only the farmers who have the idea and commitment will be selected as the beneficiaries from this district and requested them to implement the project. They should be aware of these new technologies in agriculture and farming and to get more detailed information through training and demonstrations from the Subject Matter Specialists (SMSs) of KVK. “The benefits are also to reduce the import of food items from abroad and provide food security within the country. in the district”, said L.Warjri.
Shillong, July 26: Members of the Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS), Meghalaya Branch on Tuesday met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Shri V Shanmuganathan. to hold the post of President of the Indian Red Cross Society, Meghalaya Branch, in which the Governor welcomed.
She said that five districts in the state have been selected to implement the Upscaling Aapda Mitra scheme where in Ri Bhoi up to 100 Community Volunteers have been selected. Training on how to protect or provide emergency assistance in case of disasters and youths from NYK, Home Guard, Civil Defense who have been trained in this field will provide training to those Community Volunteers.
A case has been registered under section 96(09)23 U/S 302 IPC and two suspects have been arrested within 48 hours of the incident.
There were also those who went to study pastor after the release of three shyieng and wrote another one as the Ri Lyngngam Presbytery.
On Saturday, they visited the pharmacy of Dr. H. Carehome Pakyntein, Doctor of Traditional Medicine/DTM/DMHS in Jowai.
However, if no one has applied for a ticket, the Circle shall send only one name.
“Why does the law work only in the morning and not in the evening?” asked Bah Albinus.
Earlier, Ananya Majumder, Senior State Coordinator, Social Justice and Empowerment, in her opening remarks, said that the 'Nasha Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan' will be launched in 2020 in 272 districts of the country.
near the village of Siatbacon.
There are also Nagaland University and Mizoram University.
"Also, the mother of Wanboklang said that no information has been received about them yet and according to the people, they have gone to look for them from Marpna, Kynshi, Sohiong, Umsohïong, Dam, Bhoi and other places.
I have received this land with the recognition from the District Council since 1988,” she said.
However, the motion was rejected by the House after a voice vote proceeding in which the minority opposition was defeated.
Mawryngkneng, November 30: Due to the lack of a Fire Service Station near Mawryngkneng, the KSU Mawryngkneng Circle has demanded that the government especially the authorities should bring a Fire Service Station in the area. the village of Mawryng.
The best way to use sohjew slices on the skin is to take a lot of sohjew slices and apply them every day for 10 to 12 days.
Other speakers included the BDO of Mawphlang and the Lyngdoh of Sohiong.
“As the existing bridge has been outdated for more than 15 years, the government has taken action to find a site for the construction of a new bridge,” he said.
The 27 policemen who tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi are from NEPA and all of them have attended a two-month training at NEPA and have come from Assam.
Other speakers were John F Kharshiing, Principal, Shillong College, Dr. KD Ramsiej, Lyngdoh of Sohiong Banshemphang Thabah, Dr. Marco Matri and Principal of the college, Robert Lyngdoh Mawnai. .
Shillong, Lber 13 : The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the government to deploy 10 patrols of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to curb the illegal coal trade in the state.
Sharp Nongbri was named Top Scorer, Wanlambok Shadap was named Best Goalie and Willyboy Kharlukhi was named Man of the Match. .
In the smaller states, New Delhi has 2,187 cases and Chandigarh has 121 cases.
Oh, sin instead of fighting against good deeds, fight against death.
The SDRF rescue team led by ASI Paul Sangkli is still trying to recover all three bodies after the water was swept away.
On the same day, government officials from the office of BDO Amlarem Block rushed to the scene for further investigation.
Speaking on the proposal to relocate the offices from Shillong to the new administrative city, he said that the project which includes many works on the development of Shillong has cost a lot. T.90 crore which is also a parking lot for about 465 vehicles in these areas.
Medical Teams and Officials on COVID 19 Duty.
Therefore, the union at the same time urges the education department of the state government to take action in this regard and do the necessary.
Many paid Garo people buy traditional musical instruments from this rangbah.
To implement this project, the Government/MeECL has received a loan of Rs 233 crore from the Asian Development Bank.
He said that during the UPA government, the government charged T.6.45 per liter from petrol and gave T.3 to the States.
The leaders, the lyndan, the people, the thab ki dab, the rangli juki should unite in one goal to strengthen the weapons of the nation which is already strong and accepted salonsar.
these angels became demons of various kinds and had their own names and works to torment people.
The Commission said that according to the findings, the torture of these women was done at the homes of the Sengbhalang, not at the police station.
This is the information released by the Swiss National Bank today.
“It is regrettable that even after 40 days, MeECl has not been able to issue the documents. It is surprising that this department also supplies electricity in violation of its rules.
In North Garo Hills, three villages include Mendipathar, Kharkutta Market and Bajengdoba.
The couple had been married for two years and on Saturday, they got married.
Minister K Warkynshah said that the Shillong City Bus Syndicate (SCBS) has blocked the road that flows to the main road to reach the motor park.
"I will give you an answer in due course," he said.
“If the government cannot fulfill this promise, we will resume the protest,” said Bah Parein.
Speaking to Rupang, Sengbhalang Islam Shillong leader Akhtar Shabong said he has not received any information on how many hundreds or thousands of Muslims will attend the rally.
However, if there are such processing units, the soh can be converted into many different types of food and cheaper.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 23: Police in Ri Bhoi District, last night, seized up to 200 hundred trucks carrying coal, after being found to have violated the rules and regulations. by the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
These LED production plants will not only provide employment opportunities to the youth but will also make the State self-reliant in this sector”.
The Jews believed that Jesus was the Messiah sent by God from heaven.
The union after inspecting the condition and operation of MeECL in the villages farther away from Nongstoiñ, especially in Mawduh village where it found that MeECl does not ignore the complaints of the village authorities. , although most have already lodged complaints with this agency.
It was after the Supreme Court of India convicted him that he will be executed later.
Therefore, although there are those who say that if someone brings or gives money, they should not accept money when they ask for money, but the vote of silver should not be given at all to stir up trouble. part of the patient.
The leaves are heart-shaped and about two to four inches long and attached to a stalk about one to four inches long.
In such underdeveloped areas, there are people who still need support in many ways.
On this occasion, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw also donated money to the farmers who live in this village so that they can develop their agriculture.
There are 2 LP schools and one UP school SSA in the village. This village has been poor in receiving government schemes since the past because the village headmen are not smart enough to go looking for them unlike Seinduli-1
When asked by Rupang whether she had received any information from Wanda's sister, she said she didn't know who had called her to leave. but her mobile phone was not found in her body.
Hek said the Fisheries Department will now look forward to setting up about 8 Fish Sanctuaries in the rivers across the State, and these rivers will also be turned into attractive places to attract fish. This will also increase the income of the people of any area where these fish sanctuaries are located.
So I decided to start with myself to set an example that I too will contest the election”.
Many of the people who attended the opening ceremony of the Monolith Festival, were waiting for the turn to hear the speech of the Union Minister on the festival which was held for the first time. In the state, other chief guests have already spoken and now it is the turn of Minister Kishore to inform the people gathered at the same venue specially prepared for the meeting. .
The price of diesel has increased by T.5 per liter from T.109.98 per liter to T.115.85 per litre.
Without true beauty it is eternal bliss.
However, it depends on their hard work that cannot be explained, but according to the answer of the leaders, even Prof Lakhon Kma has been excluded from only a few areas where he has been able to preach, because he has not been able to preach. Inquiries from other places in the state, still many people who do not know about these men to try to contest as MP candidates. From the NEHU salonsari, he is also able to express his views in front of the opposition candidates.
The winners in the 75 KG ABOVE GROUP category were Atlanta D Shira (Lion's Den Unisex Fitness Center Tura) first, Raj Kumar (POWER HOUSE GYM) second and Krishna Thapa (Chandan's Gymnassium) third.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : Jyntru beat Seng Samla Laitryngew 9-4 in the Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023 on Monday while Niaw Wasa Utd beat Niaw Wasa Utd 2-4 Youth Club Pdengkarong beat Pdengkarong 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Apandanka took six wickets for 40 runs in the first innings against Nagaland. Apandanka took 11 wickets for 40 runs. 85 runs.
“Until now, my mother has done this to me just because she loves Panah...” Rida said to someone else in her heart.
The Minister also commended the hard work of MACS under the leadership of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on various initiatives in disseminating information on HIV/AIDS which has increased in the State.
The APHLC has expelled Maieid and formed the HSPDP which is still one of the national parties.
According to the information received by the employees, the salary has been released by the office of BDO Mawphlang to the Senior Post Master, Shillong GPO but the employees have not received their salary until these days.
Khliehriat, June 29: Speaking as the chief guest at the Shad Sukra festival held at Mukhaïalong, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, MLA of Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District today, He also expressed his happiness to be with the children of the Seiñ Raij Shnong Mukhaïalong on this day. income, as well as to have a healthier body.
Why does the government take action against the private sector of the coal miner?
Metbah said that on his part, he will call a third party inquiry to investigate whether the House of Representatives has been affected by the collapse. and after that we shall know what shall be done.
As citizens, it is difficult to understand when you look at these Christians because many of them do not even understand the basis on which they stand.
Delina said at the meeting in New Delhi that there are only two ethnic groups in Meghalaya, the Khasi and the Garo.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) has held a coaching camp at Mawsynram.
Strength, cooperation and playing skills led the team to reach the goal of victory,” Agatha said on her Facebook page on Tuesday.
“There has been a discussion to appoint a new President of the MPCC, but we don't demand who the President should be and now that we have Bah Vincent H. Pala as President we are all happy with this,” he said. he said.
Their lives will also be shaped by their own choice, according to their free will.
Our education system does not allow such a thing.
However, according to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, in the past few days, those who have registered for the MHIS Card until 2021 are only 58.2 % while there are many households who have not yet registered.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Meghalaya cricket team lost by 32 runs in the Men's U-23 State A Trophy in the last match of the Men's U-23 State A Trophy. The match was played in Chandigarh, where Meghalaya will play all its matches.
On 17th November, East Garo Hills Police seized T.35 lakh from Batsrang and Saljepa, Williamnagar from GNLA supporters. They should check carefully if there is any suspicious deposit of money from the public and if they find such incidents they should inform the police.
“If they allege that the BJP is involved with the RSS, what is the problem for us to say that the Congress is the one who brought in the mynder just to get votes,” he said.
He said that the increase in tourism in the state has not brought any benefit to the residents of the state as even the food for foreigners has not been imported from Assam. The truth is that they don't even have food to eat, they don't bring any money when they come because they have been misunderstood by those drivers from Assam that it is not right to eat kulmar here. “It's true that the tourists don't bring money but only plastic bags,” said Thomas.
Nongpoh, July 25: To provide training to the public on various legal assistance from the government in the field of legal matters, the Meghalaya State Legal Service Authority, Shillong in collaboration with the Social Welfare Department, The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken the initiative to conduct a training program to explain to the public about many of the benefits of NALSA and also to announce the Legal Aid Defense Counsel System which has been held at Patharkhmah. Higher Secondary School in Ri Bhoi District.
aided educational institutions) are not pure Govt.
The UDP, NPP, KHNAM and HSPDP have met today at the residence of the President of the UDP, Dr. Donkupar Roy to discuss the invitation to the meeting. Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma in a letter signed by the Commissioner Secretary, District Council Affairs.
The inspection was led by Bah Pateng Marsing, President of HANM Ri Bhoi District and members of the HANM. Explain to these shopkeepers, that they should protect themselves while serving food to the visitors and especially to the drivers of long distance vehicles.
The majority of those who attended the dorbar did not agree to speak in the dorbar.
“James Sangma was also informed about the shortage of doctors, nurses, senior officers and other urgent needs at the PHC in Mawsynram.
Police have registered a case under Jowai PS U/S 279/304(A) IPC for further investigation.
He encouraged the members of all the Cooperatives to be active in implementing any projects approved by the government in the right direction.
Because it is the last time, God does not give us long.
Other speakers included the Commissioner Secretary IPR, MHK Marak, Director Bah HM Shangpliang who said that many of the directors who have left want to start the construction of this office.
Jowai, Nailar 20: The 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy 2023 of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA), has reached the quarter final on Saturday. at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, North Jowai.
Bengaluru FC have appointed former international Renedy Singh as assistant coach on a three-year social contract.
The new Act will pave the way for the establishment of the National Board for Anti-Doping in Sports to combat the use of alcoholic beverages in sports in the country.
In Ummulong, FKJGP has donated 8 byrni of rice to the Dorbar Shnong and in Wahiajer to 20 families affected by the COVID-19 lockdown.
He said he had invited the UDP and PDF to form a coalition government this time to work together as they have done in the past five years.
“In 2015, the KHADC took over the land in Rangmaw with the promise that the KHADC will employ two persons from the family that gave the land. this according to the contract.
Under the jurisdiction of the Parish, Laitduh falls under the Mawphu Sub-District, which includes the villages of Mawphu, Umblai, Nongsteng, Kohnongrim, Mawsahew and Motlummawshken with a total of about 200 Catholic households.
The NPP Party candidate from Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that as a leader, he is very happy that the people in the 2018 election have elected him to be the leader and many things he wants. to bring about change within five years has been achieved due to his sleepless nights to advocate for the needs of the people in Jirang Constituency.
Shillong: The State Government today decided to convert the textbooks of the Meghalaya Board of Education (MBoSE) to the NCERT.
The President of HANM East Jaintia Hills Women Wing, Bythygrace Dkhar said, “Our visit here is also to send a message to the Chief Minister that he should take responsibility for the welfare of the people. country and nation because as of now as a nation we have been treated unfairly but why as a leader doesn't take action on this, like the incident that happened in Mukroh, we demand that there should be a clean and transparent investigation , We also demand that police outposts should be set up in Mukroh to protect the land. If the government doesn't listen and if Assam continues to cross the border, there will be nothing wrong. Bythygrace said.
However, after the hard work of the All Primary School Teachers Association (APSTA), the problem of primary school teachers has now improved.
After Rida left, the two men began to talk.
Getting tested and treated in a timely manner prevents death.
Perhaps he worked as a foreigner after losing the post of President of the country.
This happened after the KHADC received many complaints from the public who alleged that banks and financial institutions have refused to accept loan applications just because they refused to recognize the land titles. The Council shall not approve the Act, nor shall it be approved by the Lat of the State.
BJP West Bengal leader Anupam Hazra had earlier announced that he would visit Mamata Banerjee if she tested positive for the coronavirus.
Replying to a question, the Minister said that this issue is very difficult but added that they believe in unity despite many differences and therefore it is necessary to follow that.
He said that the union would like to ask whether according to the letter dated 09.03.19 No.7113/BSF/GHY/ENGG/2017/1471-77 sent by DK Tripathi DIG (PSO) HQ Guwaha has not sent the letter. A letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District saying that the land at Nagrabill, Pilangku A and Pilangku B is not suitable for the construction of the Field Range.
Shillong, November 2: While the people of the state are still busy preparing for the Christmas and New Year celebrations, some of the MDCs in the District Council are too busy to prepare for the Christmas and New Year celebrations. not to prepare for Christmas or New Year but to prepare for the election of a new Chief Executive Member (CEM) in the New Year.
What is more shocking is that there are people who go to ask for money from the candidates to buy books, uniforms, clothes, medicines, tins, dozens of other things.
Shah Rukh Khan, one of the stars of Bollywood, has turned 54 years old and all his fans have been happy to write on their pages on twitter and social media, to give Thank you and remember the beautiful and interesting films of U King Khan.
This road from Tamabil-Mutakpur is only 15 km long, where the people use this road, but we are sorry to say here that this road has been neglected and without who has been watching for 30 years.
The meeting was conducted by Kong B. Pale, Counsellor, Junior Red Cross Society, Modern Secondary School Ïalong.
The HYC took this decision at its Central Executive Council meeting held on the 6th of this month at its office in Mawlai.
Shillong: Five persons including three women were injured in a robbery at Rongchandalgre village under Phulbari PS in West Garo Hills.
On the other hand, Ohiwot Laloo, District Commissioner (S), West Jaintia Hills, said that this day is celebrated within the Scouts-Guides Movement. as a sign of honoring the birthday of these two friends.
The traffic jam on this road has angered the passengers who have been stuck for many hours in the middle of the road.
The Sub-Divisional Veterinary Officer, Amlarem received the first prize, the Sub-Divisional Agricultural Office received the second prize and the Sub-Divisional Officer PHE, Amlarem received the third prize.
Before, we had to spend a lot of time fetching water from ponds and wells.
The great tribulation will occur during the time when “the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, shall stand in the holy place in Jerusalem (Matthew 24:15/Daniel 9). :27.
We must work together and find solutions for how to overcome these problems," the letter said.
He said that the woman from Chiehruphi came to the hospital to give birth on the night of the 21st at about 10 pm.
Jowai, March 25: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday at Kianglang Stadium. Name Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
The VPP also said that the appointment of these political appointees is a waste of public money on projects that do not benefit the people of the state.
It is lighter and more effective than the urea used today.
“The party needs to discuss this issue before going to the meeting with the government,” said the president of the UDP. no letter has been received from the government to call for a meeting of all political parties.
Shillong: Meghalaya lost to Sikkim by 29 runs in the first match of the U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy held in Cuttack.
The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) East Jaintia Hills District Unit has demanded that the government should implement the ILP and MRRSA following the government's plan to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills.
At this meeting, a proposal was also made for a 10 to 12 days training camp in preparation for the tournament and also to arrange a training ground.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 19: U Nitin Gadkari, Union Minister of Roads, Transport and National Highways, on Saturday visited Khonjoy village in Ranikor Constituency to campaign for the upcoming elections. Martin M. Danggo, one of the candidates of the Bharat Janata Party (BJP), has already been nominated by the party for the MLA Election 2023 to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
In the 2022-23 season, Shillong will host the Ranji Trophy for the first time in four years.
He is beautiful because he is white.
The meeting also discussed issues related to health and strengthening the security force to 1500 personnel.
The Chairperson said that after the Covid-19 pandemic, the violence against children may increase but according to the reports received from the police and other departments in charge of these children, it has not yet been possible. know whether they are many or few.
“We are proud that within 14-8 years there have been our own people who have been able to make such tiles which are not only beautiful but also good and we don't need to buy from Dkhar,” said Boldness. .
On 31st June 2021, the leaders of the Assam government, led by the Chief Executive Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Tuliram Ronghang, together with other members, held a meeting with the Assam government. They have visited Lum Siatmuid, Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills, with the intention of building a university on the site without informing the Meghalaya government.
The Executive Committee and the people have closed down the office of Bah Pohlong.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah F.Rumnong, welcomed by Bah F.Mairom, members of CCMT, Longkmie, Youth Wing, Rangbah Shnong Mawkhar Arwan Tariang and others.
Before 2014, there was only one national waterway and now there are about 20 national waterways in the North East and these open up the main channels of the Brahmaputra and Barak rivers.
We would like to thank the Doctors and Nurses who have dedicated themselves for us in this fight against Covid-1
There have been complaints from all over the country about the non-functioning of the EVMs yesterday when the people of India went to vote for the election of 116 members of the National Assembly. Lok Sabha and there have been complaints about the non-functioning of EVMs from Kerala, Uttar Pradesh and Goa.
Elnathan Pale was elected as President, Chem Buam as Vice President, Rilut Dkhar as General Secretary, Lakhon Dkhar as Assistant Secretary, Puramon Bareh as Finance Secretary and Rismil Phawa as Finance Secretary. Publicity Secretary and Syrpai Sna as Organizing Secretary.
The new office bearers of Laskeiñ Circle were sworn in by Dondy C.Khongsit General Secretary of Laskeiñ Circle.
It is learned that thousands of bodies are no longer suitable for burial grounds and have been dumped in churches and other places.
The Minister also urged the people to accept the hard work of the government so that development works can be carried out in the state.
Regarding the smart meter, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government has a target to install electricity to more than 7 lakh households.
Dr. Richa Bansod said that the Neurogen Brain and Spine Institute in Mumbai has treated about 700 people with such diseases which could not be treated in the past.
“Furthermore, he said that he would like to request to look after and promote the needs of the students as well as the teachers.
Sri.Vivek Kumar in his speech attracted the attention of the children by conducting a Slogan writing competition as part of the efforts to encourage the children to be aware of the importance of caring for and preserving the environment and its surroundings. .
“This Rs 1 crore is only the beginning of the reconstruction of the school building, but we will think more and more so that this school building can stand again.
He also urged the people to give their support because it is with the support of the people that the Hill State has been established and it will be the support of the entire nation that will enable the implementation of the ILP Act. He said that instead of implementing the ILP, the government has introduced a Tenancy Bill which as a nation we cannot accept on three issues. The residents will also have to take an oath (or make an affidavit) before giving or staying in the house and this swearing will equate the owner of the land with the foreigner which can also cause serious harm to the owners. ing.
?" asked Niakha. "The child also died and was taken away.
“As a party, we also want the development of all the ethnic groups in the state and therefore we promise to set up the Koch, Hajong and Rabha Development Board for the development of these ethnic groups in the state. The BJP has also promised to provide rice, wheat and dai to the people who benefit from the Public Distribution Scheme.
A Mawphor reporter witnessed that many foreigners were attacked by the youths who marched from Khyndailad to Laitumkhrah.
There shall be no more partiality, no more discrimination.
Shillong, Nailur, 11: The AITC, Meghalaya on Friday held a sit-in protest near the MPSC office to demand that the appointment of jobs in the state should be transparent and also that the state government should take action to improve education in the state.
The case was filed by the Doloi of Jaintia Hills and was taken by the Chief Justice of the High Court, along with Justice Ved Prakash Vaish. There were many lawyers, including the dewbilat companies, the JHADC and Amit Kumar, a lawyer of the Supreme Court, who came to represent the Doloi. .
Despite the promise, the Sengbhalang still have doubts, said Prestone, adding, “For that reason, talks are ongoing with all the various groups”.
Shillong: A football tournament with a prize money of T.3 lakh will be held at Wahiajer Sports Club.
Kante, on the other hand, is still looking forward to a new contract with Chelsea.
The city of Shillong has been built since the Assam government and the existing roads are still in good condition since the construction of the British government and how much more will be difficult to imagine until now.
She asked whether the District Council has the authority to suspend the women's organization without finding anything wrong with the organization. At that time, Linda was still the Secretary.
The Chief Minister said that looking at these figures, there has been a discussion that 75% of the land should be borne by the state government and 25% should be borne by MeECL. About 25% of the REC will not be employed.
After receiving the resolution, the policeman was examined by doctors while other policemen from Malangkhona Out Post were sent for quarantine.
The name Jesus, given by an angel.
Many rnga wells were also seen, left in parts of Mawlangsu and Mawkohie.
Shillong: The second wave of covid-19, which has occurred since June 2021, is known as the delta variant. seven others who are close to one or their primary contacts.
He said that as the Chief Minister, he is determined to provide the best education in the state.
The NPP is one of the six national parties in the state, and the only one from the North East.
The Government of India under the leadership of Congress Prime Minister PV Narasimha Roa has ensured that even the poor school children should be able to eat lunch like the children of the rich. There are many shopkeepers from FCI to wholesalers, then to schools and now since August 2020 they don't get food anymore while those schools which have connections with politicians get it. This scheme doesn't make sense to implement this scheme in schools and all the schools feel the same way as I do but they just talk about it without making it public. The MDM Scheme should not be replaced by another scheme as the Government of India has already calculated that per child should eat 200 or 250 grams and the jhur should be 2 or 3 tyngka per child per day.
Bah Pyniaid said that if the Bill is approved, it will solve the problems faced by many kurs, as the purpose of this Bill is to unite the kurs. especially to streamline the working methods of the Seng Kurs in Ri Khasi.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Prime Minister congratulated the sportsmen who have shined well and also those who have brought fame and glory to Meghalaya.
This is the first time in the state that Monkeypox has been confirmed among those who have taken samples and sent them to NIV for further testing.
In the 35+Men singles category, Ram Najiar defeated Daru Laloo 21-12 and 21-1
However, he encouraged the children to have a spirit of struggle whether they win or lose.
Titos informed the House that the full budget for the year 2023-2024 will be taken up again at the next session of the council.
However, Garg has already decided to resign from July
He also has the responsibility to be the ksiang for the marriage when the brothers and sisters have reached the age of marriage and have begun to fight so that their marriage will be a stable, meaningful one. to tip kur tip kha, which goes according to the customs and traditions and that it shall be stable.
“I want to clarify to you that it is only the UDP which is the national party that is still strong because many other parties have disappeared,” he said.
Dr. Anita Panda - I'm Not Afraid
The rally will start at 10 pm and end at 3 pm.
He said that the buses that operate on Sundays are fined T.2,000 per bus by the police and this has caused a lot of trouble to the bus operators. you have to pay heavy taxes these days.
“Killing or injuring or even insulting others is an abomination in the sight of others and especially in the sight of God. .
The President of HANM Narpuh Circle, Bah Pyndap Syiemlieh, has expressed his concern over the large number of mynder and foreigners in the Narpuh area. He urged his fellow leaders and members to work with a spirit of dedication for the sake of the country and the nation.
Bah Eleazer Diengdoh was elected as the General Secretary, followed by Asst.General Secretary – Hilary Khongsdam, Asst.General Secretary – Ialambok Masynting, Sports Secretary – Wallam Jingshai Khongdup, Asst.Sports Secretary – Player Masynting, Organizing Secretary – Mac Fairson Dkhar. Colington Rynjah, Asst.Publicity Secretary Herbert Marbaniang, Office Secretary Leading Star Diengdoh and others as members of the Executive Committee.
The program was conducted by Bah S Kharmawphlang, Vice President of KJWA and was attended by hundreds of students of these schools who are studying in class IX and X who listened to the explanations from these experts.
Up to five houses have been destroyed by a strong wind in Nongjngi village, West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday.
“There will be another meeting of the Committee from Kamrup and the Committee from West Khasi Hills headed by Bah Renikton L Tongkhar in Guwahati to discuss the issue of resolving the border issue from the West. Khasi Hills” said the Prime Minister.
Don't cleanse yourself from the works of God and the works of the world...if you want to.
The KSU said that if it is necessary to prove that it is not resident, it should be held in the dorbar hall or in a public place but instead it should be held in the home of a foreigner.
When it burns, the city of Shillong burns and the question arises who will extinguish the blazing fire? The Government should be held responsible for the violence that has resulted from this incident and which has affected the peace and order.
In the men's category, Nitish Kumar, Sandeep Yadav and Dinesh Kumar came first, second and third respectively.
It is for this reason that the Shnong has informed and relied on the KSU to assist in this regard.
In the second leg, Sabahmuswang drew 2-2 with Chanmi Phawa in the 14th minute and Pyrkhatshaphrang Sumer in the 2nd minute. Tipmiki Shylla scored in the 28th minute and Lakhon Dkhar in the 47th minute.
Jowai: The Rangbah Shnongs of 25 villages in Jowai city have decided to take to the streets today, as a sign of protest against the lack of action by the district authorities and the government to transport them. and they were scattered abroad in all the villages of the city.
“We have been blessed through students who deserve the best opportunity, not only in terms of strengthening the education system and improving their quality of life in all side," he said.
East Jaintia Hills District is one of the districts with many factories and with the coming of the railway line it will benefit these factories and the question is whether the local traders will benefit from this,” he said. said.
During the meeting, the JAC leaders expressed many concerns regarding the closure of the quarry.
The SP of East Khasi Hills said police are trying to find out the cause of the incident.
“There are many talented youth from the State and now they have increased through the hard work of the MBA in which they have been able to participate in zonal and regional competitions,” she added.
Anyone who has found this key is kindly requested to call +9
After the counting of votes, the Dalloi announced that Lamsuk has won the post of Waheh Shnong.
