On the other hand, CEM Thombor Shiwat replied, “From time to time the Council has already informed the state government to release the share of the Council”. He also met with the Chief Minister of the State on this issue.
In another report, the Indian Students' Organization (ISO) has continued its protests against the decision of SEBA to change the date of the examination and demanded that the chairman of the examination. SEBA – RC Jain should resign.
He said that the purpose of the announcement on that day in front of the supporters of the NPP party is to avoid being taken over by other political parties who want to take over the positions. Speaking on the occasion, Prestone urged the NPP party leaders in Rambrai constituency to work hard and win the party in the upcoming elections. He also said that after 2023, the people will see the flow of development works in West Khasi Hills where three constituencies including Nongstoin, Rambrai and Mawshynrut will be made model constituencies.
Of the 26,496 cases, 19,868 are still undergoing treatment and 5,803 have recovered.
On the other hand, he called upon the youth to be like those soldiers by having a spirit of volunteerism without expecting to earn money.
Seven Meghalaya wicketkeepers took the lead but the highest score of 46 runs was scored by Pushkar Raj Singh but he could not improve.
Sri Lanka, these days, is facing a severe food shortage, where people don't have fuel, don't have food to eat, don't have daily necessities. has angered the people of Sri Lanka.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary, Bah Kenny Nongrum, said that all the leaders of HITO from the District and from all the offices have decided to leave the HITO. The statement was made on the basis of the removal of the President and Working President of HITO from the district without the knowledge of the members of the party from Ri-Bhoi.
He said that when the TMC entered Meghalaya, it tried to increase the noise.
In an interview with the elders of the village, they said that the reason why they decided not to participate is because the village is not in peace. The rule of law has not followed a common path until it has brought about unrest in the village in these days.
To benefit the people of the PMGSY road, Bah Tinus Rynjah, Leader of FKJGP Mawhati Circle, urged the government not to directed the Contractor to complete the cleaning of this road, so that the people who use this road will be able to travel and transport goods as this road is indeed the source of income. courts to the people whether in the city or in the countryside, he added.
Speaking at the meeting, the State TB Officer, Meghalaya, Dr.M.Mawrie said that the youth are the change agents and explain to their relatives, friends and the community how to prevent the spread of TB. pain.
Nongstoiñ: U Morningstar Mawsor MDC Mawshynrut Constituency, who is also the candidate of the PDF for the re-election to the KHADC from Mawshynrut Constituency, today held a public meeting of the PDF. today, to discuss the upcoming MDC elections.
“Your immediate response to this issue will not only ensure the safety of the people living in Punjabi Colony but will also send a strong message against bloodshed and violence,” said the HPC.Shillong. The Shillong Premier Division Football League Tournament 2023 will start from the 18th of October at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
Kim and Kanye have four children, North, 7, Chicago, 2, Saint, 5, and Psalm,
The Family Court spokesperson told reporters that nearly 600 cases were released in 2012 and nearly 2,000 cases are pending.
“Coal in Jaintia Hills is a natural resource which has helped greatly to improve the income of the people as well as the State to generate revenue.
Shillong, July 15 : The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) has expressed its surprise that the Government has suddenly removed Kong Phidalia Toi from the post of Chairperson of the Commission without following the rules and regulations.
He said that the campaign will continue this month against those 34 illegal factories in the district.
The union demanded that the cleaning of the road should be completed as soon as possible as promised and that they should complete it on time so that the people can benefit otherwise the union said that announced strong protests to force the department to complete the work on this road.
Shall we seek only what when the reward is small?
Rayudu, one of the opposition players, played well and won the Player of the Match award for his ability to save the balls that reached Wahumkhrah.
The sumo has acted like a bad vehicle, but after a while it has covered the passengers and this has shocked the drivers of the sumo who have informed the KSU leaders. The KSU has handed over the suspects. Bangladesh at Lumshnong Police Station.
The country or the kingdom is a god that you must worship.
According to the police, it is highly suspected that the death of the man was caused by being killed somewhere.
The inspection came after several meetings convened by the CM to discuss the water shortage in the state.
The curfew will apply to all Municipal areas, all Cantonment areas, all Census Towns of Mawlai Block, all Census Towns of Mawpat Block, Mylliem from Umshyrpi Bridge to 7mer, Upper Shillong, They are from Madanting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkesh, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun and Mawdiangdiang.
Speaking on the occasion, the party candidate from Nongkrem, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, said that the party candidate from Nongkrem, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, The election from Nongkrem will be between the rich man who spoke proverbs to the NPP candidate Bah Dasakhiat Lamare and the rich man who intimidated the people by saying that the nation is in The VPP candidate and President of the party, Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit, has sent a speech to the President of the VPP.
Three shops in Sakwang village, South West Khasi Hills District have been destroyed by a fire in the middle of the night.
In connection with this incident, the Laitumkhrah Police Station has left for investigation and officers of the Deputy Commissioner's Office of East Khasi Hills have also left to collect the loss of jobs. of property on this island.
“So far, 173 pigs have died from the disease,” said Waheh Shnong Lamin.
“We have to be vigilant and we will wait although we understand that there is pressure but we will not rush into any serious matter which has many aspects related to law and order and we don't want to say something that is wrong at this time,” said Kong Ampareen.
In East Khasi Hills, 53 new cases including 5 high risk cases, 3 ILI cases, 2 cases from the Armed Forces, 13 cases from abroad, 2 cases from health workers, 2 cases from Golflinks cluster, 21 cases from Happy Valley cluster, 2 cases from Nongthymmai cluster, 3 cases from Rynjah cluster.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Donald P.Wahlang said that the struggle for this beautiful state which has lasted for many years has not been through the path of bloodshed, but through the unity and struggle of to the people of the state.
Shillong, November 10 : The State Government has no intention of extending the term of office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC.
The Court has ordered the Government to expedite the process by taking appropriate measures and to expedite the completion of the process as soon as possible.
Other goals were scored by Eleven Biam 25', Meri Suchen 35' &
The truck bearing the number plate ML-09A-4
In fact, as the Sengbhalang, we are against the influx of foreigners, but our wish as the Sengbhalang is that we want those who “Therefore, we urge the government to implement the laws that have been passed,” said the President of the RBYF. The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016 has been implemented and if there are still shortcomings, it will be improved for the safety of the people in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Dr. Donkupar Roy in his speech said that all the political parties in the North East are not alone anymore as they were alleged in the last MP elections. It was the Alliance era, there was the UPA, there was the NDA and now the UDP is together with other ethnic parties in the North East under the banner of the North East Regional Political Front (NERPF). NDA.
H. Elias scored two more goals through Badapbiang Lawai (65) and Stevenson Sungoh (66) to secure the victory.
“Once again I welcome them.
There will be critical times hard to deal with.—2 Timothy 3:1
The match will be played on the 28th of this month at 6 pm.
In the 1st leg of the semi final, Assam Regiment won the match with three points by beating Ri Bhoi United Football Club 2-1
The match will continue tomorrow morning, and Bihar will play and fight to score 300 runs.
Nongrum said the state government's decision to temporarily suspend the police involved in the murder of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew shows that the government has something behind it.
Earlier, there was 90.9 millimeter of rainfall on 4th July 2019 and 126.85 millimeter of rainfall on 5th June
He said that there was an allegation that he had been infected with bih from this shop and he said that this news spread quickly and brought bad reputation to his shop and it was last night on the 11th of July. 2022, that the village authorities along with the homeowners asked him to leave the shop.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Central Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has taken many decisions on Saturday. Shillong College before PGT, the reason why the party stands against uranium mining, the problems faced by the people due to the insufficient border of the state and others such as the protest against the ban on quarrying in the state.
He said the last group of students who were supposed to arrive in Shillong had to arrive because the Government had arranged for them to come by direct flight from Imphal.
Since the appointment of Chief Minister, (L)Capt.
The Shnongknor, Bah Kitbok Ryntathiang, gave the blessings to the Kur and prayed that God will bless them with good health and that they will be able to do their jobs. Their good deeds are to promote the name of the race and help their fellow human beings in the future.
He said that the difficulties in running schools along with the lack of teachers and students is one of the problems in the education sector in the State.
“Save yourselves from this wicked generation”.
The Father blessed the ASHAs to continue to work for the benefit of the people.
On the same day, leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) visited these teachers.
To protect the environment doesn't mean that it can only be done by the government, in our opinion it is only the government that has to take care of the environment, but we forget that we are the beneficiaries. government does not have the responsibility to protect the environment.
Monme Mynsong scored in the 67th minute and Skillfull Tariang in the 90th minute.
The State Government has confirmed that they are ready to fight against this disease.
I don't want to talk about these things especially about my own RI KHASI JAIÑTIA and my own JAITBYNRIEW. SLEM RI KHASI JAIÑTIA. The second song regarding the song RI KHASI RI KHASI composed by Rev.Dr.John Roberts was taken from the part which Bah/Kong K Kyndait said and It is taken from the KHASI THIRD READER which is in the collection of POETRY published by BABU BEVAN L SWER in 1981 entitled second) who was also the EDITOR of the Khasi Authors' Society at that time.
Heavy rainfall in Shillong and surrounding areas in the past two days has caused the Umïam River to rise by 21 feet.
Surprisingly, the Central Government of India still wants to seize more land for the construction of more military bases across the state.
Why invite only Christian leaders to pray? Why not the others? They also scored their goals on the 27th of June.
Referring to the water treatment plant in Mawphanlur, Mukul said that there are hundreds and thousands of water treatment plants and wells, but most of them are not safe, therefore to ensure that He urged the people who came to the program from all over the villages to be friends. of the government for the protection and conservation and maintenance of all irrigation facilities.
“We have already held protests in the past few months, but the government has not listened to our demands which are for the benefit of the people and that is to repair the The NH44 from Soomer to Malidhar has been damaged due to its poor condition, which has affected the traffic.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on 23rd June 2013 held a public awareness meeting called the Rai Eh Daw Campaign.
Shillong Cricket Association, which holds the first position in Zone 1's Group B, will play against Tura DCA, which holds the second position in Zone 2) on Thursday.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bindo said that the temporary stay of these people in the state has frightened the indigenous people to stay in the state forever. The Council and the State Government should do something about this.
“We have received the report which we are still reviewing and there is nothing wrong with that report, but we cannot say anything about the wish of Dr Mukul Sangma to send a letter anywhere, but the The electricity department itself was quick to respond," he added.
He said that as part of reviving the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state and to force the Governor to pass a law to approve the implementation of the Meghalaya Residential Permit. Leaders of the CoMSO will soon meet with various experts in the state to discuss the implementation of these demands.
“The officers or the election department should not be happy that it has been able to register so many voters but should think that foreigners should not be able to register as voters,” he said.
Disparsing Rani, who used to search for information in the state, said that according to his information through the Request for Information Act (RTI), it was found that there are 10 households who have not yet received information. receive the compensation they deserve after losing loved ones due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the past years.
Shillong: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) today decided to meet the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to express to him the issue of the border issue in Langpih. to promote the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule of the Indian Constitution.
When contacted by the three men, Bah Dominic Timung, Bah Joy Taro and Bah Chikraw Timung, they told us many stories and difficulties they faced during their time in the country. struggle for the demand for a full state.
The UDP Mawlai Circle on Monday urged the Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department of the Government of Meghalaya to provide assistance to these cattle farmers in the state.
The construction of these hotels will boost the tourism industry in the state.
In the match between Phramer and Mookyndur, Phramer won 1-0 and Iaineh Suchiang scored the first goal in the 15th minute.
The Minister in a tweet recently announced that T.50 crore has been allocated in the state for the improvement of infrastructure in rural areas under the Restart Meghalaya in the next three years. Mission.
Turkey's invasion of Syria has forced 200,000 civilians to flee their homes and killed 74 Kurdish soldiers and 30 civilians. , according to a report by the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
“In this MDA government, the government ministers, the prime minister, have sent petitions to Delhi to ask for money, money and money.
I am a filer, so I request those who share the application fir on social media regarding the complaint against him/her to comment on this, with unacceptable words, because It really affects the glory of our country and our nation, especially when we don't allow foreigners or citizens to insult the hero of our country U Tirot Sing Syiem.
Therefore, to bring peace in the area, he said the KHADC will allocate funds from the 15Finance Commission to install electricity to light at night and to install two vehicles to transport the garbage from this area. the market.
According to the residents of the village, the house belongs to Kong Mumtilis Nongrum and Bah Richard Doloi and the incident happened at 12 noon yesterday. Fortunately, no tragic incident or loss of life was reported, but only damage to property and loss of household items. including Kba, tools and others.
“Ani Bakha, why didn't you tell me to come and pick you up...” Rida said.
Before the meeting, a prayer was offered by Pastor E Nongpluh and a welcome speech by Ma JM Pohsngap.
Besides these other places, the government has left them alone.
He said that there are about 60 Surveyors and 10 members who are behind the scenes to support the teams who go to the field to complete the work.
Surprisingly, on receiving information about the arrest of one of the suspects, a fire was lodged at the DTO office, East Garo Hills, with an attempt to damage several properties. documents required.
Police of Jowai Police Station this morning recovered the body of a woman from a Maruti Swift Shariat at Chahtngit, Jowai. The body of a woman was found near the Shillong-Jowai road or near the bypass road to Amlarem.
Ummulong SC scored 58 runs for the loss of all wickets in 14 overs.
The one-day workshop was held with the participation of farmers and government officials on the project “To Empower the Indigenous Land Owners through the Agroecology Learning Circle to a peaceful, inclusive and helpful country to find new ways for the betterment of society, so that the future will be abundant in food and drink"
The household of the parents is not called the household of the family because all the children are the owners of their household even if they have created a longkur or longiing longsem.
Dkhar said he received the RTI from Wanlambok Kharlyngdoh who lives in Mawkasai village and went to ask and inform the residents of Mawkasai village to know whether they have received the RTI. this scheme.
Shillong, Nailur 04 : The Khasi National Dorbar on Monday celebrated its 100th Anniversary at a function held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
The Hon. Secretary of the WJDSA, Lammat OO Laloo, said that before starting the construction of the sports programme, the federation will hold its Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 27th June
The women from Assam have staged a protest at Dighali Pukhuri in Guwahati and demanded that an independent investigation authority should investigate the death of the woman who was allegedly raped. and then she was killed and hanged in the toilet.
Speaking to Rupang on Saturday, Bah Pariat said, “The most important thing that the District Council should do from the beginning is to codify the customs and traditions in the way of doing business. the management of the land and the rule of law"
He added, “We have proposed to drop all the cases against our leaders and members in the lower courts and in the high courts across the state, especially the cases related to Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The tourism industry gives peace of mind and relaxes the minds of the people who spend their time to eat lyer pynngad around the hills and rivers especially those places in Ri Khasi-Jaintia because we Look at the wonderful and beautiful things that nature has, such as the caves, the mountains, the rivers, the flowers, the shrubs, and the holy fields which the Lord God has placed.
“We don't know why the Rangbah Shnongs were summoned when we had nothing to do with it and we don't know why people went to court on that day,” said Bah Blah.
They should also check the state citizens who sell jain inside the country.
Therefore – “Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether it be to the king, as supreme;” 1 Peter 2:1
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 11 : New Mawjai Sports Club on Saturday won the title of Football Tournament organized by the Nongriem-Mawpat Sports Club after beating by 4 – 0 goal against Umsaw Sports Club at Nongriem-Mawpat Stadium.
He said the government has decided that if the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 becomes law, the ILP will be introduced. an essential part of life which man should not lose and without which food would have no taste no matter how delicious that food may be.
Guwahati: Gujarat MLA Jignesh Mevani has been released on bail today. Speaking to reporters after being released on bail, Mevani has alleged that the BJP government has used the body of a woman. and to insult him and this is a border crime, he said.
This decision was taken after a three-hour meeting convened by Prof Shukla and the MCTA team at NEHU. He said that the group has reminded the VC of the letter of the MCTA dated 21st November, requesting him to withdraw the announcement of 12th November.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (INTEO) on Saturday visited Umsning area to exhibit the traditional service of the organization to the people of Ri-Bhoi and the state to strengthen the office bearers. new HITO Umsning Area.
“The connectivity through optical fiber will strengthen the IT infrastructure,” he added.
Mylliem MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that in Mylliem constituency, the people are not stupid to be deceived.
Nongstoiñ, June 09: The residents of West Khasi Hills, after allegations from Assam that Meghalaya has forcibly encroached on tens of thousands of hectares of land belonging to Assam, have protested against the government. expressed his great anger and said that this cannot be accepted at all.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Pravin Bakshi, IAS Commissioner & Secretary, said that the training for the students has made them more aware and able to learn more. learn more about science, technology, mathematics and modern technology along with the knowledge to protect the environment.
It is on this basis that the National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP) of the Government of India wants to introduce in all villages and schools to raise awareness on many of the causes of the harmful effects of tobacco use.
Thus, the first Republic Day on 26th January 1950 is the first Black Day of the Khasi people since Independence
Choose a primer that suits your skin to prevent wrinkles.
He also alleged that the NPP candidate says that the religious leaders, when they are young, forget to pray.
Lahkmen said that the School Managing Committees also show that the teaching profession has its own responsibility.
Because if they don't listen to the demands of the people, there will undoubtedly be a riot that could lead to injury.
While he was watching, he slowly began to whisper in his heart, “God is really stupid, God is stupid......" Why did he whisper and say that? He whispered like that from the top of the tree. for he saw many pathaws lying on the ground.
The Minister also said to set up an engineering wing of the Police Department with the Superintendent of Police (SP) as the Chairman so that the requirements of construction can be met.
The HNLC also condemned the arrest of two alleged HNLC members, Ruskin Phawa, 55, and Joh Fiscer Lyngkhoi. and thou shalt catch the wicked.
The father of the victim lodged a complaint that on the 16th of this month, two youths and a woman carrying weapons with Kanshi and others broke into the office (Orion). His daughter, Baiamon Dhar of Nartiang, was beaten up and bombed.
“Those who won the elections from other parties are now Chairman.
Delhi Congress Working President Rajesh Lilothia has also resigned. Others have resigned. Vivek Tankha, Rajesh Lilothia, Haryana Congress leader Sumita Chouhan and Netta P Sangma have also resigned. , General Secretary Meghalaya, Virender Rathore, Secretary, Anil Choudhury, Secretary Chhattisgarh, Sudhir Chaudhary, Secretary Madhya Pradesh and Satyavir Yadav, Secretary Haryana among others.
Ampareen said there has been a demand from the people that the buses and taxis provided by the government should also provide services outside Shillong.
Although he did not come to join our strike held at that time, we did not complain, “why did he not come to join us”.
Shillong, March 26: U member of the Hynniewtrep National Council for Liberation (HNLC) today surrendered to the police.
She said that the release of the funds will be according to the progress of the works allocated.
Jowai, July 17: The use of plastic bags and other single-use plastic items will be banned from 1st November 2022, according to a statement issued by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District today. sun.
Before the race, the horses are taken from the stables near the galleries (Race) for the ticket holders to see the horses.
“The responsible members of the AC are deeply concerned about the violation of the limits of the powers of the AC and the violation of the rules and procedures in accordance with the NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinance,” he said.
“Bah bah, shall we eat?” asked his sister. “My mother will eat too,” he said. “Yes, we will eat together.” Banisha replied. .
He said it is time to investigate whether to condemn or create ways and means to escape from these.
Then there are the villages of Mawblei, Madanryting, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun and Mawdiangdiang.
“However, if everyone wants to play with money (during elections) where will our Jaidbynriew go especially to commercialize this industry, it is sad.
Health experts tell us that Cinnamon Sticks are a type of musla that people use to cook jyntah.
It has experienced strikes and departures of doctors from time to time and the last one happened in 2015-1
Shillong, July 27: The BJP Meghalaya has welcomed the resignation of Governor V Shanmuganathan to allow for a clean and transparent investigation.
The Jews did not know that after they were stopped from offering sacrifices, this beast would send them to kill them because he would sit in the temple that had been built and make himself like God.2 Thessalonians :4.
Speaking to media, Tiwari said, “We have received up to 40 CAPF personnel of which three personnel are already in the state and others will arrive soon. again as intended.
Before the truck overturned, other vehicles passing on the right side of the truck escaped from the collision and other vehicles following behind did not take the pass and did not find the truck. The truck was overloaded with lyntang.
Last year, when Bah Kharmawphlang joined the HNLC, the KSU leaders said that the main reason why Kharmawphlang took this decision was because the leaders of the state did not have voice to speak the voice of the people of the state.
Hearing the PIL filed by the Gau Gyan Foundation, two judges, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W. Diengdoh, said that the slaughter of animals or the slaughter of the heads of wild animals in roadside shops are something of concern to onlookers.
What an actor!”.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Nicky Kharthangmaw, said that his departure from the HSPDP along with his followers, is not because he finds a reason, but because he has the intention to give his support. Dr. Celestine, in order to win the 2018 Election.
“The purpose of this is to ensure that the recruitment process will be smooth and the creation of various boards will open immediately in the implementation and recruitment process. reason what we do is part of the cycles.
Dear Gomer, where are you? Why did you run away from me?
According to Waiphangki Pala, he said that these girls were playing in the river and suddenly he heard one of them screaming and calling for help. this woman.
The government is in talks with the FCI to transport the khaw.
Bah Dilip Kharkrang, said that this shop is the first in Ri Bhoi and added that these firearms or bullets and bakhor from this shop, should not be sold. They shall be sold openly to the public and shall be sold only to those who have a license and permission from the Government.
Shillong, March 31: Three journalists were robbed by three journalists near Nan Polok at 10 pm this morning.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) under the leadership of the Working President of East and West Jaintia Hills, Pynshngain Papang, on Tuesday visited the Umpyai Bridge within the boundary of Mynksa village, West. Jaintia Hills District.
The meaning of these words is the same, but it depends on the right part according to the synrop to put what is appropriate according to the tairai.
The BJP won nine out of 14 constituencies in Assam, two in Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura and one in Manipur.
The purpose of the visit of the delegation from Croatia was to raise awareness and explain to the public about the Folklore Festival and Cultural Heritage of Blato, Korcula, Republic of Croatia. the unique environment, culture, history and food of Central and Southeast Europe.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that he will collect the views of all parties to discuss in a review meeting before taking a decision on the reopening of the school. you market.
Deibormi Toi, Vice President Rtn.
That year, the doctors of the KSU Medical College, had treated the people with the drug 'Beh Khar bang', but it did not work at all.
The situation in the State can undermine unity and disrupt peace and stability,” he said.
They demanded that the land grabbing should be stopped immediately and that it should be clarified today.
The match between Lumiawmuchai and Nangbah Mulang ended in a 1-1 draw in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
Before the distribution of the foodgrains, a short meeting was held led by Samla Iasohlang Nongrem and speeches were delivered by various speakers and prayers.
The presence of special subjects will save the nation, which is the head of the days, the storms come and go, the narsaw continue to spread through this nation.
Nongstoin, July 29: “The NGT has banned the mining and transportation of coal in the State on the grounds that they have contributed to the destruction and degradation of the environment. There is a Land Resources Act, which should have been passed by the State Government and the inability of the State Government to pass this Act until now is due to their lack of work to strengthen the Land Act. “It's their job,” said Bah PN Syiem at a public meeting held by the Joint Action Committee Shallang Area.
Referring to the District Task Force, he said that it will be implemented once the construction of the Entry and Exit Points has been completed.
Before the darkness of the ksiang, pliang and bisli, why should we stop to seek the soul?
“The actions of these societies have affected the livelihood and hard work of the indigenous people who used to do this work to stand on their feet,” said the JAC leaders. to stop the slaughter of chickens and smuggling of chickens into the state.
And if you want to get a bright and beautiful skin, apply castor oil every night.
Speaking to reporters, some of the residents said that their decision to join the VPP is because they see that this party is the only hope for the future of the area. the country and the nation as a whole.
Speaking to media, Bah Marbaniang said that in 2022, teachers have lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya High Court against the Government after it issued a notice banning teachers from take part in the world.
On this day, many people were waiting and standing along the road to see Rahul Gandhi who came by car from Jorabat to DTO office Nongpoh.
She has also starred in other films such as Biwi No 1, Main Pyaar Kyun Kiya, Main Hoon Na and No Problem.
Earlier, Mukul Sangma said, “We need to correct the mistake.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, recently said that the UCC is against the view of India as a country with many ethnic groups and this diversity is a strength. of you as a country.
LK Advani, 85, who is also the founder of the BJP and the oldest leader after Atal Bihari Vajpayee, has resigned from all party positions, including the party. MP, the party's election committee, a day after Narendra Modi was elected as the party's top leader in the 2014 elections.
The Publicity Secretary of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, said that the KJDSTA has already suggested to the government through the 5th Pay Commission that those schools which have not yet received a deficit should do well. “Schools should have competition to improve education,” said Babu Khongjirem.
Shangpung Khliehmuchut won 5-0 against Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu.
However, the Opposition did not listen and continued to disrupt the session which prompted the Speakers in both the Houses to adjourn the session for today, which is the opening day. of the summer council.
In Ri-Bhoi District, Homeshwar Dutta, Assistant Teacher of Ri-Bhoi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, was awarded the prize.
His family members who were searching for him arrived at Lumshnong Toll Gate on 11th July at 4 PM. They requested the management of Lumshnong Toll Gate and through CCTV footage they found that the vehicle driven by Damehipaia Papeng had stopped. Toll Plaza at 2:08 pm on 10/08/2022, according to a letter sent by the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Saphai Circle to the Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills recently to request for the search for the driver of the vehicle.
However, according to reports, Bah Dorphang has denied the allegation and said that it was an attempt to insult him and he does not know anything about the child.
When asked for the support of Nihim D Shira to contest against Dr Mukul from Songsak, Conrad said the people of Songsak have suffered because the MLA has been involved only in the transition from the Congress to the TMC. and without fulfilling the desires of the people.
“I decided to leave because life was made so difficult.
The decision came yesterday after Musk, the world's richest man, decided to take over the social media platform, which has 83 million users.
After the Government appointed an inquiry headed by Justice T.Vaipei, and from his report, it was clear that the death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew was the result of a shooting death from parts of the not inside your body.
About 40 kurs came and held the meeting.
SSLC and HSSLC students who reach the 1st division receive T.200, 2nd division receive T.100 and those who reach the 3rd division receive only 50 tyngka. Director.
In such times of natural disasters, we too are eager to see the communities of farmers.
The tournament was organized by the JK Arm Wrestling Association from 22nd to 26th June
Explaining on this, Dr War said that the BSF personnel who tested positive at the testing center at Guwahati Airport; However, when the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare tested in Meghalaya, their tests were negative.
The CSWO has asked the administration to book these doctors for gross negligence and for exploiting the vulnerability of the children.
Jowai, Jymmang 31: The Block Mission Coordinator, Thadlaskeiñ in collaboration with the District Mission Coordinator, SSA-SEMAM West Jaintia Hills today held a prize distribution ceremony for the winners of the rally. Rally Against Tobacco & Signature Campaign.
Kwai and tympew are the most famous foods in the world and have been spoken by people all over the world especially in our state where every person cannot help but speak a word a day.
The suspect was arrested from Nongsning during a search operation at BMS Fuel Station.
PIL also 40,000 Income.
To do this, the Government has allocated Rs 232 crore to MeECL and MeECL will have to pay monthly, which means it will be collected from the public through the bill light price.
Shillong, Nailar 8: A meeting of nurses who have passed the written examination for the post of post staff nurse for the year 2013 and who have completed the personal interview was held on 29th and 30th Nailar The DHS of Meghalaya will meet on the 11th of this month at 11 am at Savio Hall, Dhanketi Shillong, said a statement from Elfreda Nongkhlaw.
“Because of our continuous efforts to raise awareness and explain against the superstitions of the residents, we have been able to convince the families of these 8 VECs to participate again in government schemes and development works,” he said. said Mr. Tariang.
For a while, the state seems to have begun to forget about the COVID-19 pandemic and its terrible effects on the people of the state. that they cannot even witness the last rites of their loved ones whom they live with at home every day but at the time of their death they cannot even touch the coffin.
Successful Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, was elected as the Chairman of the Nongpoh Town Committee. The Secretary was appointed as Bah Rayonald Kharkamni. CB Syiem as Adviser, Rexon Warjri and Celestine Syngkli as Vice Chairman, Assistant Secretary to Vicky Syngkli and Anthony Suchiang along with other members.
It is learned that the storm has damaged many houses and crops and even the sohphan trees and other trees or siej have fallen and shortly collapsed. lyngkhai is not covered by the storm.
In a statement, Pilestar Nongsiej, President of the South West Khasi Hills District Rock Climbing and Mountaineering Association, said that the training has been launched for children under the age of and also to select the children to participate in the tournament to be held at the Meghalaya Games in Tura in
It is to be recalled that yesterday the employees of MCCL under the banner of MCCEU, submitted a petition before the Chief Minister to demand that the government should take a final decision. regarding the problems of the workers and also on the condition of the factory in Mawmluh.
“What is surprising to see from this report is that there are only 3,000 drug users while the expenditure for these 3,000 drug users is shocking to know as it reaches T .9,28,90,556 crore," he said.
Speaking to media, u Bah Process said that the development projects in the state, whether it is in the development of the state or the beginning of trying to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya were started by the previous Congress government but now the MDA government has benefited from the hard work of the Congress government.
“I congratulate each and every one of you," the Prime Minister said while addressing the players gathered around him.
And they shall come forth again to judgment.
The reporter spoke to several shops that used to sell clothes, jackets, juti and Christmas decorations.
Lammida o Dkhar scored the first goal for Mookyndur in the 41st minute.
The Minister extended his special thanks to the land owners who have donated their land for the benefit of the residents through this road.
Hardayal is also the former Principal of RB Anoochand School.
In the second innings, Sikkim bowlers Ankur Malik and Palzor Tamang played well and took seven and three wickets respectively.
Earlier, the match between Mookymphad SC and Mynkre had to be canceled due to weather conditions.
The BJYM Mairang Mandal will hold a meeting at Mairang on the 21st July 2015 at 10 pm to introduce new members.
However, Meghalaya's batsmen were completely defeated for 207 runs in 48.3 overs.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Crime in the state has increased over the years according to the records of the state government collected from all districts in the state.
Shillong, November 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has shocked the decision of the Kashari High Court to suspend the powers of Rangbah Shnongs in the state.
" PanahHamar turned and Rida heard from her sleep.
At the meeting, the Prime Minister said that he had also raised issues to the Prime Minister – Narendra Modi regarding the reservation of Assembly seats. for the indigenous people of Limbu and Tamang and also on issues related to the Scheduled Tribe (ST) demand of the 12 minority groups.
However, he said the party will discuss this issue at its meeting.
“We want the Shillong Medical College to be run by the state government like the Tura Medical College,” said Bah Lapang.
He said that the daughter, in her physical weakness, struggled to write a note in a book about what happened inside the ICU by saying, “The doctors and nurses at NEIGHRIMS did not find take responsibility for the work and leave it alone"
As soon as the outbreak of the disease began in Daegu in June, South Korea began to fight the disease.
In other words, these days, no family has time to teach their children in the rympei “sawdong ka Lyngwiar Dpei” because they have driven away the rongphong of this world and don't They don't have time to take responsibility for their children, whom they have given their will without control in their homes.
Phil Foden scored the last goal in the 85th minute to give Man City the lead.
His body was taken to his home in Rajasthan in the presence of his family members by a BSF vehicle this evening, a BSF chief said. and Kashmir Meena has been admitted to the ICU of AIIMS. The inability to save the soldier who died for the country was due to the impact of a powerful bullet fired by powerful weapons. good.
They followed the star to look for the child Jesus, but they did not know how many days or nights they arrived.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Moderator of KJP Western Synod Rev.D.Rymbai in the presence of Pastors and members of the Organizing Committee.
“Ambrose Langrin, after returning from visiting the households in the village, went to meet with the government officials in Nongstoiñ to assess the damage to the households. plants.
Regarding this inspection, the union has talked to the Engineer and the Contractor who is constructing this road. During this meeting, the union has warned the Contractor and the Engineer to work hard so that There is no tragic incident for the farmers and especially for the Wah Myntdu.
“The Congress takes the people of the state as stupid to do whatever they want.
Nongpoh, Nailur 6: More than six months after the Assam police forcibly stopped the plan of Madang Umwang village to build an Eri Silk House, which has received assistance from the Sericulture Department of the Meghalaya government, These days, the Khniang house has not been implemented yet, because the village itself is not willing to implement it because they are afraid of being arrested by the Assam Police, if implemented after the suspension.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said this while answering questions in the Budget Legislative Assembly.
He said that the party does not like the MDC of Nongthymmai after he missed the meeting 15 times.
These vacancies are Laban left by Sanbor Shullai (NCP), Sohiong left by HDR Lyngdoh (Congress), Mairang left by HDR Lyngdoh (UDP), Mawthadraishan left by H Brolding Nongsiej (UDP), Nongkrem left by Ardent M Basaiawmoit. Shillong, Oct 10: The government has filed charges against the leaders of the GSU, FKJGP and Amlarem of JHADC. ADE on their public campaign not to take part in the MDC elections to GHADC to protest against the allowance of foreigners to vote in the recent elections.
Habandajop Lyngdoh from SURE congratulated J Synnah, District Social Welfare Officer for supporting this training to the SHGs to make fertilizer, fertilizer, soil fertilizer, 18 days fertilizer, insecticide, jhur fertilizer. The training was conducted by Ebormi Pale Waheh Shnong in Lumtrep in the presence of J Synnah, District Social Welfare Officer, SURE staff and others.
The meeting was enriched by the presence of Bah Wan Kharkrang, T.Bn.
View my affidavit on the ECI site pg 11,” said Maken.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that Meghalaya, which has already received the heaviest rainfall in the world, will become famous. most famous herbal dispensary in the world.
In the quarter final, Sacred Heart Boys beat Tlongumiam SS 4-2 in the tie-breaker.
Dr.Kamwadae Syngkon, along with others who were invited, while the welcome speech was delivered by Rtn.
In sports, the youth of the village also take part well even though they don't have adequate grounds.
I don't think it can be restored in this place.
“What we have heard in the past months is that the government has bought this land from the Hima Myllien but we don't know that either because until now we have seen that these people have not you don't have the same thing.
KHNAM has acknowledged that the government has decided to hand over the land to the army at the meeting of the Rajya Sabha Board chaired by the Prime Minister held on November 4,
The District Magistrate has ordered a ban on entry and exit to these areas affected by COVID-19 from midnight on 29th March 2020 until further notice.
“I will visit these villages to meet the people,” said the MP, adding that he will also set up a virtual clinic in these three villages before the end of next month.
And Pharaoh did so.
There will be a ban on heavy vehicles, including buses and trucks, while other vehicles will run as usual.
One of the reasons why we in Assam don't grow pai as much as they grow in other states is, as I mentioned above, that we don't know how to use pai for making sugar or gur. ), as they do to other parts of India.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 11: The District Sports Officer (DSO) today opened the 8th Level Inter-School in South West Khasi Hills District despite heavy rain. Athletic Meet (SWKHDLI-SAM) 2022 was held at Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir where Caramai Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
Commenting on public-private partnerships in the past, the health minister expressed hope to see more such partnerships during the to follow, as part of the service to the general public through the health sector.
Surprisingly, the parents of these children have an Epic at Ratacherra Pooling Station while the children have not received the syrnod village from Wahehshong.
“We had planned to hold this meeting earlier but due to the weather conditions, we have to hold it soon now because we are afraid of being accused of politics. “The election has nothing to do with politics. The talks will be about the MUDA border crossing,” said Gilbert. Go ahead and the decision is up to the people whether they want MUDA or not.
In this regard, the group, through this statement, invites and invites all the youth of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij to come and take part in this annual meeting, said the Seng Khasi Sein Raij. This was stated by Bah B.Iangrai, Secretary, Lahatynrai.
The highest rainfall in the past 24 hours was recorded in Sohra with 121.3mm, Sohra RKM with 190.4mm, Mawsynram with 202.2mm, Amlarem with 278.0mm, Khliehriat with 121.0mm, Jowai with 123.8mm and other places.
Those who will leave our lives and deaths, therefore, must be new, ready to sacrifice themselves even to die before the death of the people.
After this discussion, the Dorbar unanimously decided not to accept the proposal to implement the UCC and decided to immediately send a letter on the grounds of strong opposition to the Governor.
Esmatur admitted that these two issues will benefit the NPP in the Ampati elections.
Such a culture of corruption has struggled to change the way of thinking in order to join hands with the enemies of the destroyers, whether at home or abroad, who have calculated how to mislead the rulers. Those in power, when they like to follow the custom of corruption, they first lose the public money and then they destroy the country like the example of Tibet shown in the film Seven Years in Tibet. saint of the Chinese Communist Government.
Speaking on the occasion, Minister of Road Traffic Nitin Gadkari said that the distance between one toll gate should not be less than 60 KM on the National Highways and the government will ensure. to close toll gates within three months whose distance does not exceed 60 KM each.
“We have an action plan and the education department will have to sit down again to discuss the rules and regulations if the lockdown is lifted,” said DP Wahlang.
It has been a challenge for the Government of India and the Government of Assam how to control the Brahmaputra River and thousands of experts are still looking for ways to prevent the damage caused by the Brahmaputra River during the floods. shlei.
Shillong: Two leading leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Rongjeng Constituency have joined the Trinamool Congress party. Sengnam M Marak will contest the upcoming elections from this constituency.
Shillong: The Karbi Students Association (KSU) on Tuesday held a meeting at Sabuda Block II village in Mawhati Constituency to protest against the proposal of the Assam and Meghalaya governments to resolve the issue. You must not implement the Give and Take Policy.
Shillong: The Sohra Taxi Owners Association (STA) today launched its 25th Anniversary Celebration at Mawmihthied. July, 1994.
The newly elected office bearers are Purity Phawa, Vice-President Felicita Majaw, General Secretary Doria Shabong, Assistant Secretary Da-ailang Suchiang, Organizing Secretary Marylis Mawrie and Happiness Tongper. , Publicity Secretary Lucretia Dohtdong, Cultural Secretary Riwan-i Rymbai and 6 Executive Members.
Section 307 of the IPC deals with intent to take life, while Section 239 deals with reckless driving, 337 and 338 deal with driving likely to cause harm to others, and Section 427 the talk about property damage.
There are areas where the Tribunal should be commended for reminding people that we should not own all the things in the fire only in the present without thinking of the future.
On the other hand, it is understood that the PDF will remove the Chairman Mansturdy Nongrem and the Deputy Chairman Donevan Kharwanlang as they are now in the opposition.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The KHNAM has expressed its gratitude to the MLA of Mookaïaw Constituency, Bah Nujor Sungoh for raising the issue in the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly to abolish the personal. Interview in Government Posts at Grade IV. “Ka Seng since the past years has submitted clear and legal writings to the Chief Minister to demand the abolition of Personal Interview from the Grade B, C and D Government Jobs and we have also explained that even the Government of India and 23 States and 8 Union Territories in India have already abolished the Personal Interview, but until now the The government is listening,” said KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah in a statement sent to the media.
Only from Mawsynram, the people have known the Congress until it has caused trouble to the people.
The current system of village governance in the towns is one that we have improved by establishing the Dorbar Shnongs as it has been in the past.
Moonlight Pariat said this while speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the “RIÑDUR: Art Workshop & Exhibition” organized by the Deputy Commissioner, West. Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with Riti Academy of Visual Arts, Shillong and MASCOM at Thomas Jones Synod College.
The team scored 181 runs for the first innings before all 10 wickets were lost after 39.2 overs.
After that, he could have scored in the 68th minute and the last goal in the 81st minute, but failed to score a hat trick.
The Council should remember that it has been collecting money from the State Government and most of it is from the Government of India. , if without proper figures, it will be difficult for it to gain the trust of Delhi in the future and it will be difficult for its poor activities to come to a halt through the sting and failure to provide accounts.
Vini Jr scored for Brazil in the 7th minute, Neymar in the 13th minute, Richarlison in the 29th minute and Lucas Paqueta, 36th minute; Paik Seung Ho scored for South Korea in the 76th minute.
During these seven months, the employees of JHADC have held three strikes to request the authorities to listen to their request.
· DPI facilities have boosted private enterprises: DPIs in India have also enhanced the efficiency of private entities through reduced complexity, transaction costs and time taken to start businesses heritage in India.
KSU Mawlai Circle, HNYF Mawlai Circle and various Youth Associations of Mawlai Village, would like to congratulate the office bearers of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, for their efforts and work. They are very happy that they have been able to bring victory in the release of the Building Bye Law of the Government through MUDA, Mawlai Village, and other villages in the suburbs especially the Sixth Schedule Area, because as of now all the people who have built new houses have been able to get electricity and drinking water, and it has made it easier and removed the the problems faced by the people in the past few months.
This project has greatly benefited teachers and students, and empowered them to learn more about STEM. in classes (6, 7, and 8).
Jowai, July 16: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit (HANM) today under the leadership of Emcy Shadap Organizing Secretary and Shaniahlang Suchen President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) held a flag raising ceremony for the vehicles. The government has also appealed to the people and government officials to express their regret over the government's failure to repair the National Highway (NH-44) which passes through Mookyndur-Jowai-Khliehriat. ter ter to Malidor which is also a road, which connects to other states of the country.
“The UDP has a discipline and it is not like the Congress which takes decisions without listening to its members with that discipline,” he said.
“Whether it is a Christian, Hindu or Muslim household, we need to have a synsar to clean the household,” said Das.
Besides Minister Rakkam A Sangma who was the chief guest, JHADC MDCs including Sohmynting MDC Lakhon Dkhar as Chief Guest, WG Sungoh and Habahun Dkhar were also present.
Hundreds of youths have been arrested and dozens of others have been injured in the incident.
Besides, in order to provide employment opportunities to the youth, the government has also decided to purchase 200 Innova vehicles to hand over to the tourist taxi operators. Your visit to this state is a good one.
However, the district authorities have already informed the state government and the government has taken seriously the problem of the employees of the department in Jowai.
After the second meeting of the Expert Committee, Bah Lyngwa said, “We are still in the process of developing an Action Plan and the allocation of funds will come later. identified in advance and as required by the job.
The opening ceremony was attended by NDSA officials including Bah BS Kharlor, President of NDSA Bah Mt.
The program was opened with the thanksgiving ceremony by the Tymmen u San, Bah Hambok Kharmawphlang. the religious leaders of the Seng Khasi.
The award was received by Bah Dominic Savio Diengdoh, Producer of TVNews and Tridip K Mandal, Producer of Quint. Mumbai on 16th November 2022 at NCPA, Marine Drive.
Khliehriat Naitung 07: A bridge in the border village of Lahaleiñ yesterday collapsed and was covered with heavy water. The residents of the border area, who used to pass through this bridge, have been in trouble and it is said that this bridge is located on the Ïakang River in Lahaleiñ village.
This initiative is to serve the growing population, which is set to have a population of 198,997 by at least 2042, with a population that will increase to 413,701 by 2057.
We don't want to do the same again because the secrets are still there,” said the TMC leader. Rosetta Mary Kurbah has been appointed as the new Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The District Mission Coordinator, SSA today held a Jan Bhagidari Events & Activities at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
He also urged the SHGs/Vos to take action to bring about a clean environment in the villages.
All the family members, Niakha and Bakha loved Rida because she was a respectful and polite child.
Our country is in the midst of many difficulties and if we don't take care and think carefully, we will lose our lives and drown in the sea of ​​many people because we are only small people – one troth in one byrni of khaw.
When asked about the allegation that the Congress MLA who is also the Minister of State for Home Affairs has won the elections with the help of the GNLA, he said: The Speaker did not respond and turned to Dr. Mukul Sangma, Prime Minister to answer the question. “The Prime Minister is the right person to answer that question. " said Narayanasamy.
Furthermore, measures will be taken to prevent drug abuse and trafficking in Shillong, which has already been discussed with many advisors by the participants, said the Syiem.
Shillong: The BJP in Meghalaya has said that if it comes to power in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), it will do many things and change the working methods of the council. She said that if she really wins power in the Council, she will not allow foreigners to contest elections from the District Council in Garo Hills.
Our state urgently needs leaders who are truly transparent and impartial, who are not corrupt and impartial; to create and bring about employment in the midst of poverty, to bring about and improve education according to the modern age of knowledge, to bring about growth in health through good and affordable health care, to bring about well-being on the roads or paths especially in the bad roads and roadless areas, who will resolve the problems and bring peace and stability in the border areas, who have the desire to develop the Khasi people in the country India and who can bring the name and glory of Meghalaya in various fields.
On the other hand, the Principal of the school, Kong WA Sohklet, said that in the HSSLC Science Stream this year the school has sent 20 students and 13 students have entered the 1st Division while 7 students have entered the 2nd Division. One student in Science has less than 1 mark to reach the Top-10, while in Commerce Stream there are 8 students and four students have reached the 1st and 2nd Division. She said that in the SSLC examination, the school has sent up to 50 students and 48 students have passed the 1st Division but only two have passed the 2nd Division.
Most of the players are excited to come and take part in this tournament.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Damiano DC Malngiang said that the purpose of this cleanliness drive is to keep the environment clean and tidy.
As soon as they saw the handshake, the police immediately got out of the vehicle and arrested them.
As an MLA, he said that he had already spoken in the Legislative Assembly recently about the need for a PHC in Mawlai Mawtawar and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has also heard and listened to this. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Abhijit Sarkar, Joint Registrar cum-Secretary of the Chief Justice, said he could not say anything on the matter and suggested to talk to Bah MD Khongmen, Registrar General. He said that he should talk to the Government but after trying without success.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Pramod Chandurkar said that the holding of the tournament in Shillong is appropriate because it is exciting and suitable for the athletes. they shall show their strength.
You say I have spent many years seeking God, have you sought God with all your heart and soul? Do you seek pride? Have you prayed to him as you pray to anyone else? Have you ever wondered who created and inspired you? Have you ever wondered who cured your illness when you were a child? Do you remember that we prayed with you and God healed you? These words fell into the heart of the scientist, and he began to understand clearly that God exists.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) has decided to set up a Gender Sensitization Committee following the incident of rape of women at the North Eastern Hill University (NEHUSU). .
“The Joint Action Committee since 2019 has already lodged a complaint against Bashemphang Thabah for his illegal activities and demanded his removal from the post of Lyngdohship Hima Sohiong.
However, everyone who is educated and qualified will get a job unlike now that Garo even if he gets only 60% marks he will have the opportunity to study doctorate.
The union questions the government how in such a case, these people from Assam can smuggle into our country at will? “If we here do the same as these foreigners do, the Assam police will bomb us, tie us or put us in jail.
They said that they have a close relationship with the hospital and will try to provide assistance to meet the needs of the hospital from the building, the nursing school and others.
Schedule : A schedule is one of the schedules for any idea in the schedule.
That was more than 6 months through the RTI proceedings, which started in June 2022.
The prizes will be awarded on the same day at the finish line of the marathon at Jerusalem Square.
In a statement sent by Bah Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary, the Students' Wing will be the working wing of the Students' Wing to address the issues of education and the youth. read.
His protest is not an unfounded protest, but one that will shock and make us think about the problem that awaits us.
The leaders of the two organizations after talks with the District Chief Minister, he called an emergency meeting with the DSEO and the Principals of Kiang Nangbah, Govt Boys and Govt Girls Higher Secondary School. .
He said that the names of the contractors who are constructing the roads should be placed on the sign boards for the work they are doing on the highways in Nagaland.
He said that there are days when the electricity supply has been reduced in order to increase the amount of water, especially when the price of electricity drops.
When you hear the word you win.
In the first innings, Jayshree tied 17 runs while Ankita tied 18 runs in a 43-run partnership for the third wicket.
It is a roadside area and CCTV cameras will be provided for security,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. He added that the DC office will also be moved to this area as the DC office is also crowded. other offices.
One of the priority tasks of the organization is to preserve the fish in Syntu Ksiar by establishing a Fish Sanctuary here.
Don't allow officers or government employees to work at will.
The Deputy Commissioner has been elected as the Chairman of the Ri Bhoi District Level Standing Committee and other members have been elected including leaders from various political parties in Ri Bhoi. District.
It also has 3x positions and other types of positions.
“Although the Seng has urged the authorities on this and the Prime Minister has written to the Ministry of Communications, the Central Government on this issue and the Khasi and Garo languages ​​will be included.
“A Cultural Tourism Circuit will also be set up to recognize and promote culture and heritage sites in the districts.
On the first day, the women's matches will be between Shakinah Academy vs Touchline Basketball Academy, Jaguars vs Tyllilang Academy and Tynrai vs Coterie.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25 : After a long wait, the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) will hold its first BCCI cricket tournament since the 2019-20 season between Meghalaya and Karnataka at The U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy will be played at the MCA Cricket Ground on Saturday.
The Assembly has also declared the Speaker's seat vacant.
Earlier, a meeting was held at the Samanlang Socio-Cultural Pastoral Center Jowai Diocese under the auspices of Denis Kurkalang, Program Coordinator JHDS. -Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla, in the presence of Fr. Manbha Pakem, Director JHDS, Bah Grevile Kharlikhi, Asst.General Manager NABARD, Lambormi Suchen, Diocesan Administrator including Jowai and others. The training program was supported by Khublei Germany with the financial assistance of NABARD Shillong.
Such coins, once issued, become valuable commodities, and later become worth many times more than the value of such coins.
The lack of adequate training facilities or employment opportunities that can be paid at a reasonable price and in accordance with their education level, has led to the youth to seek opportunities abroad and even abroad.
On Tuesday night, police seized T.!9,500 tyngka from 21 vehicles, 16 small vehicles and 5 trucks. you juh bag.
On the other hand, the union cannot imagine that such things will happen in the state and requests that from all sides, to restore peace and order in the region as a whole. He also urged the government authorities to take action so that such incidents will not happen again.
The tall statue will be accompanied by large statues of famous heroes along with a shynna rynsan for the purpose of honoring with syrwiang syntiew on the anniversaries of each hero. .
Right now, as I said, we are still in the middle of the bridge and therefore what is needed is to accept the bridge first.
The Meghalaya BJP strongly condemns the incident which happened on Tuesday in Mawroh, in which one person lost his life while two others were seriously injured.
When they exhumed his body, it was found that he was still alive but he died due to lack of help.
The state government under the leadership of the NPP is also in the midst of construction of sports grounds across the state.
The race will start from Kiang Nangbah Stadium Gate and pass through Ladthadlaboh Main Road. Office, New Hill, National Highway and ended at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium.
“This will help the party in the state,” he said.
In the past 24 hours, 18 people have died, 5 yesterday and 13 today.
The Department has participated in various programmes/festivals to impart training to the customers attending these programmes/festivals especially the people living in backward areas of the country.
The experts who received the training include Inspector D.Khatri, SI John K.Majaw and other officers.
“On this day, the rangïakura of the country have been able to win the tournament.
We now have three members in these two assemblies and what will they do in front of thousands of others in the highest assembly of India.
Robert Lyngdoh, 62, Shillong, passed away on Tuesday at his residence in Nongrim Hills, Shillong after a long illness. leaving behind his children and relatives.
Arunachal Pradesh has received Rs 542 crore, Manipur Rs 120 crore, Meghalaya Rs 400 crore, Sikkim Rs 70 crore, Tripura Rs 100 crore and Himachal Pradesh Rs 750 crore.
Sungoh said that we cannot say whether there is a notification and it is true, but the Karbi should know the facts before and after this notification.
Shillong: U Honny Pher Sohklet of Wahingdoh has lodged a complaint that his Scooty ML-05L-3650 was stolen from his house on July 3 at about 1 pm while he was parked in Wahingdoh.
It may be recalled that recently, the Prime Minister's Office had ordered to complete the construction of the Rymbai, Borkhat and Jalalpur roads. Kynjaimon Amse, from Umkiang village, has complained that the road has been destroyed.
Hundreds of Muster Roll workers from all over East and West Jaintia Hills under the banner of AJMW&LU attended the meeting including those from Khasi Hills, Ribhoi and Garo Hills. They have had the opportunity to discuss ideas for the good of the party.
Prestone said the management of fasttag at the tollgates is under the responsibility of the NHAI and the state government cannot do anything on this as it does not fall under its jurisdiction.
Shillong: The employees of GVK EMRI 108, have been shocked when they have been charged their salaries by the management of GVK EMRI, on the grounds that they have been on strike in the past few months.
“We have received accurate information that those investigation teams, such as the India Bureau (IB) have been following closely regarding Christian activities in the state,” said George.
Shillong: There have been 90 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases undergoing treatment in the state to 1,3
With this victory, Nongjri Youth Rising has qualified for the quarter finals of the tournament.
He also announced the scheme of T.1.00 crore for the development of tourism in East Jaintia Hills District and said that all the applications received will be included in this scheme of T.10 crore. .
Because education is essential, we have to work hard to overcome poverty.
The difference is that Pala has won from Pynursla and Mylliem which are the constituencies of Prestone Tynsong and Ronnie V Lyngdoh who strongly oppose him.
He said that this has caused difficulties to the youth who do not have the opportunity to attend online classes in the city. that as soon as it rains, the roads are flooded and others that the government has left behind and has not improved.
When asked why they wanted to come to Meghalaya, Bah Blister said, “We are Khasi who follow the customs and traditions which are completely different from those of Assam even in the language. We don't have anything to do with Meghalaya, that's why we want to stay with Meghalaya.
The Police Booth has been under construction for several months, but as it is located under the footpath of the tympew sellers, it will also facilitate the transporters of goods or daju. and also to those who come to the market to jam from one road to another, so from those who sell tympew, as well as those who carry goods have expressed their strong opposition.
A woman who has been allegedly abused by her husband has come forward to seek assistance for the rights of her children from the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Khliehriat Circle and the One Stop Centre, Khliehriat.
The Minister said that the Government will investigate why the doctors do not come to work in their home state, and the Government will also meet with the doctors to discuss to encourage them to return to their home state. State to provide services.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Jyrwa said that there are many shortcomings in the constituency.
Ram Kumar said the State Government will consider the situation before issuing any directive to the public to follow the Covid-19 guidelines.
The meeting was attended by HDR Lyngdoh, MDC Lamphrang Blah, Sohiong Block Congress Committee office bearers, Phrang Kharpran, President, A Sun, President of the Union. The Rangbah Shnong, Bah S Mawlong, President of Diengiei Dorbar Area, Bah R Kharkrang, Bah D Kharphuli, Bah B Nongbri, Bah K Kharphuli who conducted the meeting, Bah P Langstieh, President of the Diengiei Dorbar Area. Secretary and President Rangshken Area Congress Circle, Congress office bearers, women, school children and students, people from neighboring villages and others.
“If the Government cannot arrest and prosecute those police and forest guards, the Assam Government before the elections shows that Conrad Sangma is involved with the Assam Government to kill the souls of the San. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
He is also a humble person who encourages journalists who are just starting to grow in their careers.
Mary Rani, a lawyer, explained in detail about the various provisions of the Constitution and how the people can understand the provisions of the Constitution. the residents.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The number of members of the ruling ARPA and the opposition People Democratic Front (PDF) has increased with the approval of the state government to appoint former Youth Congress President Gabriel Wahlang as MDC. The Governor of Meghalaya, Keshari Nath Tripathi, has approved the appointment of Bah Wahlang as the Chief Executive Member of the KHADC. According to the latest news, the swearing-in ceremony of Bah Wahlang may be held on Thursday.
The HSPDP has urged the government not to allow uranium mining at any time.
Furthermore, it is said that when the mother wanted to give the medicine to her child, she saw that there were some kinds of medicine, so when she threw it on the ground, she threw it on the ground. lap but with bitter bottles and small bottles.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on November 15, 2013, has demanded immediate action from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on the complaint regarding the examination center outside Meghalaya. For the applicants who are indigenous people who are contesting for Group B & C posts under NEIGRIHMS.
It would be good to have new MPs in Shillong and Tura, especially those who are young, physically and mentally strong to serve the 38 lakh people of the state.
JOWAI: The employees of SBI Raliang Branch have alleged that the employees of SBI Raliang Branch have asked for their Aadhaar number to open a new account.
Bah Process also recalled many of his projects in the village including the construction of a Basketball Court inside the RCLP School Ground and a football field of the village, which were constructed under the Soil & Water scheme. Conservation.
Not everyone is a gentleman.
Shillong: The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) has held a meeting on Friday 10th November 2020 at Guru Singh Sabha (Shillong Gurdwara) under the chairmanship of Bishop P Lyngdoh President SAFF. issues to be proposed to the Government in connection with the review of SOPs for the opening of places of worship in the State.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor, congratulating the MLA of Sohra for his initiative to develop the market, said that as the Sohra area attracts tourists, so the market dwellers should take advantage of the opportunity to attract them to the market so that it can increase their income.
The opposition in the State Legislative Assembly has decided to move a motion of no confidence in the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, on the allegation that he has failed to run the Legislative Assembly smoothly.
Sohkhia and soybean juice :–Both these are yet another very beneficial mixture that you can make yourself for getting rid of skin irritations during this rainy season.
Therefore, since these schools have not allowed those with low income, which is the share of 25 percent of such children, the amount of money they have easily raised is T .2,505.72 crore per annum, the report said.
The 70-year-old woman was admitted to a government hospital in Vijayawada on 12th January for treatment.
Shillong, November 13: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate from Mawryngkneng, Bah HS Kharpran, has said that the distribution of money to attract voters in the upcoming elections will be heavy. He said that the distribution of money during the elections is a challenge for the people.
Shillong, March 28: The President of the Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC) DK Shivakumar on Thursday welcomed the Minister of Tourism and Social Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyndoh. office and also discuss several issues related to regional and national concerns.
Explaining that she has received information that there have been many incidents in Shillong, the DC said that she has seen people driving in vehicles along with playing music and playing loud musical instruments. an aspect that brings discomfort, fear and doubt to young people to walk and stand in the city.
Shillong: JSU Laskein Circle led by General Secretary Franky Shylla and Publicity Secretary Dapmain Suchiang on Tuesday inspected the CHC Laskein.
The National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District has been severely damaged especially in the area near the tunnel in Sonapur. The landslide occurred at about 9.15 pm today and caused traffic jam.
“The government since 2018 has promised to remove them immediately, but surprisingly, the government has not been able to remove them.
It is worth mentioning that the visitors to this place are from neighboring villages from South West Khasi Hills District or from outside the district and from outside the state.
All residents are therefore advised to get vaccinated as soon as possible.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, India has reported 451 new cases of H3N2 as of July and the 5th, October.
Bah Sino and Kong Luda were happy that both their children passed the examination.
Regarding the medicines, the Waheh Shnong of Sakhri, Bah Nildis Tongper, thanked the Star Cement Company and said, “It is the Star Cement Company that brings the medicines and gives them medicines. children, children, adults, she has also provided us with pigs and goats to raise and has also provided the opportunity for us to receive training on how to raise livestock. “At that time, Bah E.Kharmalki, as the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, came to inspect the area in the Umtalen River. They came and gave us hope that the bridge will be built in this area, but since then until now there has been no harvest, so this has surprised us as the residents, “We request the government to remember us as the residents to build a bridge in the Umtalen River, because during the rainy season we face many difficulties in coming and going,” said U Bah Sdor. , he said that when there are seriously ill people in the community, all the elders have to stop working and stay overnight, because they have to carry the patient by car. to transport the patient to National Highway, Sonapur where the vehicle is already parked on the National Highway to transport the patient to health facilities like Khliehriat. CHC, Lumshnong PHC and Jowai and if the patients just go to get medicine, the villagers have to wait on the National Highway Sonapur until evening and take the patients back to the village. It takes up to ten hours to more than ten hours to carry the sick.
In the film, Sweety Jane Pala played the role of a rape victim.
Seeing this, Bindo said that this will continue for a long time, but he said that at such a time, when the Congress party which has ruled for 50 years has collapsed, this This is the time for them to be the largest national organization.
The meeting was attended by ROs, AEROs, BLO Supervisors, SVEEP Core Committee, political parties, teachers, school children, District Heads and the Election Department.
“The education department will have to investigate the reasons for the lack of enrollment in schools by sending officers to inspect such schools as there may be many reasons. , such as the lack of classrooms, teachers or school principals and others,” he said.
The Legislative Wing of KHADC was led by the former EC under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain Syiem.
Ten minutes later, Harlee K.Marak scored another goal for Chikpakkore.
In the end, the Federated Group of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy won and included the Khasi Hills in the 6th Schedule.
The meeting was attended by Trade EM Rangkynsai Kharbuki, District EM Jambor War, Martle Mukhim, Teibor Pathaw, Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Mylliem Hima Syiem and Rangbah Shnong.
Himanta Biswa Sarma and Conrad K Sangma yesterday held a meeting at the Secretariat and during the meeting, they discussed the progress of the work related to the settlement of the border between the two countries. that state.
And thy iniquity is taken away.
The NSCN (IM) has sent a strong letter to the Government of India, regarding its excessive use of NIA police, accusing it of forcing the NSCN (IM). , to withdraw from the ceasefire and to resume its military activities.
On the other hand, the SP of EJH, Bah S. Thamar, said that besides the 29 people who have been confirmed dead, there may be those who have been allowed to enter the bus.
Nongpoh: U Bah Shining Thangkhiew, Publicity of RBYF, Umsning Circle, in a statement to the media, said that the RBYF strongly condemns those people who continue to import cattle from other states. to Meghalaya and if the party finds that it does not give a strong warning, after that it will inform the law.
In the marriage, men have reached all over the place not only in the village but all over the state. They shall not be ashamed of their brothers in their own houses.
Many of us are like that now we are suffering from this disease, many of us have to call upon God like the Israelites but when God has delivered us many will not see or accept the miracles of God we call upon God only when we are suffering .
With this victory, Mawkriah became the third team to qualify for the tournament, after Kharang SC and Ïatyllilang FC. Today's match will be between Madan SCC and Lamlynti FC. at 2 o'clock in the morning.
One of the accused is Mondal's daughter Sukanya who has been questioned three times by the ED at its office in Delhi.
Officials said they will take steps to collect the remaining fine.
The refusal of the Congress MLAs to be in the House was to protest against the Governor's speech to the people of Kashmir, following the killing of 40 CRPF personnel in Pulwana, Kashmir.
In this regard, Bah Donboklang said that this is the initiative of the office bearers of Shillong City and the party will take action in this regard. this part.
In this regard, the union has met with the Superintendent of Police of South West Khasi Hills District to demand that the age should be investigated to find out the truth.
In the past few days, it is sad and sad that some of our leaders such as MLAs or MDCs are honorable whom the people expect to be teachers and role models, guides and advisors. Discipline in front of the people, they show and expose the worst precedence not only for the constituency they lead but for the country as a whole.
It was through the police's tight search of Sohan's house, that Sengram was released from Sohan's house.
The funeral service will be held on 9/11/2022 at 12:30 PM. This is to inform you that I Wanchwa S Kynjing, son of I Moonlight Pariat and Mrs. Dora Kynjing (Kong Pluh) of Khimusniang, Jowai passed away on
Sambormi Nongtdu scored the first goal (20, 80+5), Bani Ioo Shadap (36), Ebanskhem Nongtdu (50), Shemphang Phalangki (75) and Jngaiki Lyngdoh (27). ).
After the inspection, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that to relieve the congestion in the city, the Shillong District Jail will be relocated to the New Shillong Township (NST).
It is also at this time that the voters ask many questions for the MLA before they go back to elect a new MLA in
In the trees among them we threw our money.
In the first phase, 21 youths have registered for this good initiative taken by the Mawlai Town Dorbar.
Jowai, June 18: The Khasi Students Unit (KSU) Priang Unit today conducted an awareness program on child marriage in the village. Priang West Jaintia Hills District.
In Ribhoi, there are six cases including one soldier and five civilians.
The priests of the puja did so and it happened that the sacrificial silver turned into a silver blang by becoming a silver blang.
This decision was taken at a meeting held today in Tura, which discussed the status of the Roster System in the State.
This product can be obtained from companies that sell agricultural supplements.
The program was conducted by Bah John Jarain, Vice Principal, St. Gabriel High School, Upper Shillong.
With the failure to score 10 goals, the players of Laitlum FC tried hard and played well with opportunities to score but the skill of the goalkeeper of Kharumnuid FC who was able to score 10 goals. cannot be shaken.
The MLA of Mawhati has not been charged as a thief or a criminal because he is still being tried before the law (which means that we cannot say that 100 percent we should accept) However, if the law has proved his involvement in the rape of a 14-year-old girl, the MPCC strongly condemns the current MLA and the Congress Party-led Government. and he too must fall into the same punishment as the others.
He also urged to take the vaccines for the health of the children as well as the Covid Vaccines for the children who have not yet received them.
Especially in terms of the law, the officials should be better aware of the rights of the citizens and also the rights that the government holds for the benefit of the people themselves.
So, we need to talk more about the SRP,” he said.
Therefore, he said that sports is a way and helps to improve the mind, to have a healthy body and to be strong, to avoid many diseases and to There is a cooperation and unity and it also helps the students to develop those skills in various fields and it will be orderly in these disciplines by becoming students who know how to learn. you can por.
The meeting was attended by the relatives of (L) Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, office bearers of the Larnai Dorbar, unions of commercial vehicle drivers from East Khasi Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District and Sengbhalang groups. different from the Jaintia Hills.
In the second half, both teams had to win to avoid being relegated.
Many MDCs, MLAs and Ministers as well as government officials and leaders from different parts of the country have come to witness the ceremony.
When he applied, the school authorities told the younger father that if he wanted to withdraw one of his children from the school, he should also withdraw all his children. .
Shillong, Naitung 20 : The State on Tuesday witnessed 102 new cases of COVID-19, bringing the total number of cases in the state to .
The Champion of Champions will receive a cash prize.
The research was led by Xing-Yi Ge, a virologist at the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Nongrum said he has received a summons from the Deputy Commissioner today and said he will appear on the 27th, the day he was summoned.
Before school started, these children and mother together with Bhalang were busy cleaning the house and planting.
Shillong, June 09: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) led by Vice President Gershome Hat and Finance Secretary Ashok Khongsit on Tuesday met with the Symbud Prime Minister of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP). Prestone Tynsong has urged the Government not to upgrade the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub-Division.
Speaking on various issues including the reservation policy, Bah Jemino said, “We have worked hard in the struggle for the reservation policy.
For the introduction of new technologies to improve agriculture, for food processing and others.
We have to criticize because we know.
I won't talk too much and no one will be criticized until I decide.
Kynsai Khongsit scored the first goal for Lajong in the 13th minute.
Shillong: Kunal Jain of IIM Shillong has won the cluster finals of the Tata Crucible Campus Quiz 2022, an online business quiz competition. and which is also the largest in India.
Immediately after receiving the information, the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, first visited the site and later, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Not only in Assam, but also in Jharkhand, there have been cases of coronavirus infection.
“This is the second time that this young man has published a book,” said Dr. Don. When asked how he has published a book for the second time in 10 years, Moon said the first one was not good enough but the current one is better than the previous one.
He is one of the players of the Shillong Lajong Football Training Scheme and is currently with the Shillong Lajong I-League team and is the second highest scorer in the I-League with four goals.
On Tuesday, the Managing Committee of the school held a short meeting to welcome the four new teachers.
Sangma said the march was meaningful as it was on the celebration of the 75th anniversary of India's independence and the issue of Mahatma Gandhi's struggle against the government. years ago to fight against the British government.
The areas covered by the head of the department include East and West Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, North Garo Hills, East Garo Hills, South Garo Hills, West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills. West Garo Hills.
Meghalaya will play Mizoram on November 10, Sikkim on November 20 in Shillong, Bihar on November 27 at Shillong, Arunachal Pradesh on November 3 at Anand and finally Manipur on November 10 at Shillong. city ​​of Shillong.
Village headmen in this age must be farsighted and think not only of themselves but of the people under their jurisdiction.
Therefore, the government should speak and demand from the central government that more employees should be employed by the indigenous people of the state, no longer allow foreigners to enter government departments and offices. training departments of the central government in the state, so that the youth of the state can be employed.
Therefore, the party itself has warned that if it finds anyone involved in intimidation and intends to register their names in Assam, while we still want these villages to fall within the state border, the party will she would not take care to warn, because of their gratitude to the people.
Even now the world and the Arab countries are trying, but there is no way for them, because this nation must survive until the return of Jesus to this world.
(Footnotes)1 Read the book “The Human Body“ 2012, page-70, published by Parragon.
Hek said the government has called for advertisement twice for the filling of these doctor posts but no one has applied. He said the government has signed a social agreement with the Public Health Department. Foundation of India in November 2018 for the recruitment of doctors in all these shortage areas and this work is ongoing but for urgent needs he said the government has spoken to NEIGRIHMS. Replying to Miani's question, Congress MLA from Mawsynram Himalaya Shangpliang said that even the doctors who don't have them are not available at their workplaces and many of them are busy in the city. Shillong Clinic.
It is clear that we will not get a fair decision and there will be no dispute over any decision that is agreed upon by both the governments. This is something that we should do immediately without delay and we should not just threaten in words as we have heard the threats of the District Council, Sengbhalang, etc. without any results so far).
Shortly after, the Superintendent of Police, Bah Lakador Syiem, came to the scene and ordered the residents to stop the violence.
The Meghalaya High Court in recent days has criticized the state government for failing to control the trucks/vehicles carrying over the border.
We gave them two Ministers' chairs, when they came to us.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) said the incident occurred at 6.50 pm and the rescue operation is ongoing.
The KHNAM is the only party to have sent a letter regarding the amendment of the Reservation Policy. No political parties have sent letters yet.
The explanation of the PWD officials has encouraged the Sordars of these nine villages, as they have promised that the incomplete parts will be directed to the contractor to provide. .
They include Elijah Kipruto and Agnes Mueni Muea.
The decision of the jury for the opening film of Indian Panorama, 2022 is 'The Show Must Go On' directed by Divya Cowasji.
Therefore, what the HNYF has demanded to re-employ these 25 persons, as the HNYF we stand on the same ground and that is to demand from the company which has taken over the Toll Plaza that it should be to re-employ these 25 Khasi youths, said Jayson.
In 75 not out, Divyansh Rajput scored 145 runs (including 7 sixes, 18 fours) off 147 balls.
This issue was raised to the British public, in order to prevent the spread of Covid-1
When it comes to cleanliness, it is important to ensure that the water is flowing, where are the cleaners, the number of people should not be blamed but if the knowledge of the people works, everyone is responsible.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA Sanbor Shullai on November 15, 2013, has sought the full support of the people of the state for the BJP so that the state can see the implementation of the Inner Line Permit ( ILP) in the State.
The team was led by Filicia Sympli as coach and Rumi Lyngdoh as manager.
Similarly, Paul's writings have been quoted and misused to discriminate against fellow human beings whose gender or physical characteristics differ from those of others.
Shillong, July 29: The road from Motphran to Them Bijoy has started to be closed in the past few days, due to the refusal of the Municipal Department, but after the protest by the land vendors along with the Thma Rangli Juki (TUR) to the Secretariat under the leadership of Angela Ryngad said that the land vendors have slowly returned to these 10 roads.
However, with the total death toll from Syria of 5,914, the death toll in the two countries has exceeded 50,0
In today's human race, many say that it is too late when they see these wonderful events happening in society, human beings, in the world of nature, because it has changed, changed.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries may send a letter to the District Grievance Redressal Officer. & Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Mairang lane can be submitted to the Complaint Box at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply).
Shillong, Lber 28: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has approved an investigation into the improvised explosive device (IED) blast in Khyndailad on 31st July
Earlier, the CEM said that a meeting of the MDCs and the Federation Traditional Dorbar will be held on the 27th of this month to seek their opinion so that the program can be a success.
Looking at the grounds on which these people have been charged, the High Court said that at present, the police may not need to arrest these people.
When asked whether the NPP will invite Mukul and VH Pala to join the NPP, Prestone said, “When I say that, it means that it is up to them to join other parties. not only with the NPP party”.
Police later arrested Sanju and registered a case at Khliehriat police station.
These two vehicles are not registered with the Transport Department or pay taxes like other commercial vehicles.
According to the statement, the ANVC-B has admitted that its hundreds of members under the leadership of the Chairman now know the true meaning of being fighters for change.
Goldenstar Suchiang was the moderator of the competition.
Nelson also helped score the fourth goal from a shot, but it went back to Sheen and he scored again.
The Modi government does not consider Manipur as part of India and this is unacceptable.
So that day after work he went to Lanosha's house.
First Prize, Second Prize and Third Prize were awarded to the winners. Except for the Musical Chair of the parents, only 1 Prize was awarded. don't take part.
Regarding the Shillong-Dawki highway, he said that there are some problems and delays especially the problem that the government is facing even in the field of villages, himas and others is that the land acquisition is different.
Since then, there have been allegations that the Department of Water Supply (PHED) in Jaintia Hills has embezzled up to Rs 5 crore.
It is said that it was at this time that Father Sebastian suggested to send her son, Kitbok, to teach with the promise that he would continue to teach instead of his mother in the future.
This is the coal mine of Ma Brojoy Dkhar, from Sutnga.
If a leader has taught to do what is right, good and righteous, then the followers will also be ashamed and righteous.
Because what we see when we look closely is that there was no proper procedure, but it was covered with stones that were scattered.
Jain said the arrest of a nun in Ranchi, Jharkhand, shows that there is trafficking in newborns by these child care centres, which are run by the government. the Christian Church.
“Most of the time the government relies on the central government's spies, what problem will it have if it appoints foreigners to Bangladesh,” he said.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah D.Sumer, said, “As the FKJGP, we are ready to cooperate with the police at any time, to fight against drugs. and to restore a drug-free society, indeed drugs are a terrible enemy that comes to attack the country and the nation to mislead the minds of the youth of the country. , as well as drugs not only destroys the drug users but also the future of the country and makes the youth like those who have no future,” said the FKJGP leader from East Jaintia Hills District. He also expressed his concern over the spread of crime, theft, robbery, murder and many other crimes and said that many crimes are caused by drugs, the spread of drugs. Drugs also cause instability in the society, cause a lot of problems and are a burden to those families affected by drugs, so as an organization responsible for the welfare of The party invites and urges all the people to cooperate with the police department to eradicate drugs as the party is ready to cooperate in the fight against drugs. .
There are many things that need to be addressed more quickly.
Shillong, July 13: Although the World Cup has started yesterday, it has been seen that even today, the people, especially from the rural areas, are still ready to run to the TV shops, from the part of buying their new TVs for spending time with family and friends for watching the World Cup.
It is probably difficult for many other elders who do not know anything about this, but if they have children who are discerning, wise, and know the Word of God, it will be a great help to the elderly and will be able to ask them for help.
Denice Kharkongor came third while Gracie Nandy came second.
The JSU sends its condolences to the family members of Bah Shylla and hopes that God will bless and strengthen the family of Bah Shylla,” said a statement sent by JSU Publicity Secretary Tricky Mukhim.
Kareli is the village where Gandhi stayed overnight on his way to Dandi and the Gujarat government is taking good care of the workhouse where he stayed.
It is obvious that only the Catholic Church calls religious leaders Lyngdoh and Sohblei in Khasi, but other Christian churches call them Pastors, without any Khasi language accompanying them.
“We will have to hold a protest so that the government will listen to our demand,” said Mylliemngap.
Wealth blinds us as a nation whether it is in the choice of our Leaders and Rulers.
Who has given authority to the poor to oppress the poor? Is there no department in Meghalaya to regulate the price of food? Do the village authorities not want to monitor the unfounded increase in the price of food items? Or is it the government that does this? Do the village leaders not know how to announce publicly and warn the vendors that rice should be sold at 660 or 680 tyngka per 25 kilos? Do you weigh 42 or 45 kilograms? Or are the government and the merchants involved in this? The Government has directed the Village Authorities to announce publicly that vehicles for commercial purposes are only ML0
Three MLAs from the opposition will witness the Graduation Ceremony of Kiang Nangbah Government College.
The two PDF MLAs are Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew and Gavin Mylliem from Sohra constituency.
These aspects represent the states’ operational capacity, the risks they face and the threats that exist.
Tori Jungai scored in the 43rd minute and Tiplang Rasmut in the 46th minute to give Amlarem three points.
The Minister said that the temporary helicopter service has started from Churachandpur, Moreh and Kangpokpi to facilitate travel by paying T 2000 per head.
The 22-year-old man has gone to doctors, but they have not found the cause behind the bleeding.
It is learned that the Sengbhalang groups saw these foreigners near the taxi rank in Chandmari and when they saw this, they informed the District authorities, who sent them away. to men, women, and children alike.
The State Government has sought a detailed report on the shooting death of a truck driver by the Border Security Force (BSF) near Mawshun village on the night of the 5th of June at 11 pm.
The grant in aid of T.12,000 will be increased to T.18,000 for all Pre-Primary School teachers.
This shows that they have misused money worth more than Rs 5,78 Cr according to the figures mentioned here (Rs.5,83,29,300 – Rs.4,83,000 = Rs.5,78,09,7 ) kata Three Crore Ninety Five Lakh Nine Thousand Nine Hundred Tyngka.
The Minister of Transport Department in the Synrai Dorbar said that the Central Government has urged the State Government to take measures to bring in the railway line in the State. It is reported that the land acquisition for the railway line is progressing slowly.
They go to a remote place but the roads should be good, there should be food, shelter and safety.
India surpassed Italy on Tuesday, while Spain had 2,40,978 cases.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday visited Byrwa village, Ri-Bhoi District and talked to the farmers who grow aromatic plants according to the The flagship program of the State is the Meghalaya Aroma Mission.
They also said that the Khasi MLAs should surprise the people to support Bah Ardent on this demand and not to remain silent and seize the seat and wealth.
He also praised the MDA government for taking special initiatives to improve health and development through various schemes without forgetting the former leader who has paved the way and worked hard for the country. part of the fulfillment of this vision.
Meghalaya have lost this match by winning only one of their five matches.
Wanpynhun's contest in this election is not for herself, for her constituency or for personal gain, but for the sake of the people. and for the welfare of the people of this state and the country as a whole.
New Delhi: The Election Commission of Bangladesh (ECI) has decided not to use EVMs in the Lok Sabha elections to be held in July
Sarma said the BJP government has sought permission from the Supreme Court to review the names of those who have already been removed from the NRC and these include 20 percent of those in the border districts. of the State.
“I would like to inform you that I have tested positive for the corona virus.
Shillong, March 4: After a long search for two youths, Samla Wanboklang Kurbah and Samla Phibankyntiew Sun, who have been missing since 20th November 2023, the police have arrested two youths. The body of Samla Phibankyntiew was found on Tuesday and the body of Samla Wanboklang was found on Tuesday.
The Minister in charge of Fisheries, Bah AL Hek said that he has directed the Secretary of the Department to appoint a team to investigate the facts. Finding Committee on the issue of formalin in the fish.
Besides, there was also a discussion that the Khasi youths, who were shot, should not be paid for medical treatment and that too was successful, as the Assam Police, promised to pay for the treatment, after the shooting. reach a negotiation to make peace between the shooter and the shooter.
On the need to get a C&RD Block in Umden, Bah Mayralborn said that if this project is successful, it will be of great benefit to many villages in the area. , the residents of these villages have to travel to Umling C&RD Block which is far away and causing them a lot of trouble.
Jowai, Naiwieng 19: The 11th Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy, 1st Division Football Tournament-2023, organized by the WJDSA, has come to an end today. Demthring SC beat Wahiajer 2-1 in the extra time match on Tuesday, November 18, 2013, when Demthring SC became the champions of the year by beating Wahiajer SC 2-1 in the extra time match. The State Olympic Association was also the Chief Guest.
Another issue that the candidate mentioned was the traffic jam, on which he said to fight or eliminate this is only to produce more New Shillongs.
The following are the achievements in 2020-21:During this season, 12.83 LMT of shana dai was transported from PSS, DACFW to PSF, DoCA /purchased/ under PSF.
He said that the seed of the man comes from the mother who gave birth to the takadaw and must always respect the meikha.
Until now, the law to open dewbilat factories has failed and from day to day, there are only complaints and protests against the destruction of the environment and exploitation by these dewbilat companies.
The program was held at the ground floor of Raidmynsaw Upper and Secondary School.
Currently, persons who fall within the District area which is not within the Municipal can obtain permission to build houses from MUDA or KHADC. The KHADC will have to do this as soon as possible to draft the building rules in the working group within the KHADC. U Bah Paul Lyngdoh in reply to a question by Referring to the Town Committees, Bah Balajied Rani said that the Town Committee has not worked well so far, the reason is that the people are against the collection of taxes.
Tura: The power outage will last for 4 hours from 11 pm to 12 pm and from 4 pm to 7 pm.
Shillong, June 5: Police have received a complaint from Hidis Dkhar, 45, that on the night of the 4th of this month, robbers killed her husband Dabiang Suchiang, 50 years old. map at a place known as Umkunok in Barato village.
Complaints relating to this section should be sent by ordinary post or speed post with the subject “Dak Adalat” written on it and addressed to Sr.
When the first half came to an end, it was seen that while Mawlai struggled to raise the ball, but due to lack of attention to the opponent's player who came from the right side and received support. Another fighter from the right, the fighters of Khliehmaw lieh were able to surround the fighter of Mawlai and thus Nongrang with his scientific skills was able to push forward the guard of Mawlai u Chalieu. Kyntiew Myrthong scored the third goal for Khlieh Mawlieh in the 90th minute.
The scheme is allocated for each household where only one member of the household can open an account and five members from each household will benefit.
However, she said that two students from the state have informed that the Minerba Educational and Welfare Society has not returned their original documents. The training facilities from the laboratories as well as the classrooms, the classes were not organized and the questions were not given the day before the examination to those students who had come earlier.
I cannot forget (L) PA Sangma.
After the first complaint, about 13 more students came forward to say they had been cheated by “Geeklurn.
Robertson said that Lower Mawpud Village has faced many problems and as the Rangbah Shnong, he has already lodged a complaint for these households who have not yet received water. The village has received a reply that they have promised to come and complete the project, but until today the manufacturer of this water tank has not come to complete the project.
The march from Motphran to the Secretariat was canceled after they did not get permission from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
“Now that we have 10 call operators, it means that the service will be faster and if you have any complaints you can reach these call operators quickly and through this, we will be able to help you. “It's a good way for those who are in trouble and poverty,” said Bah Paul.
Shillong: The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Eastern Command of the Indian Armed Forces, on Thursday unveiled several awards or trophies. The Durand Cup Trophy, the Shimla Trophy (all rolling trophies) and the President's Cup (all rolling trophies) were held and displayed at Khyndailad, Shillong.
He said that the reason for his arrest was not from the relatives of the child but from the incitement of others who hated him. ia pra, we have made it clear to the relatives of the victim that we cannot reconcile at all because it is the responsibility of the police and the law. “The law will do whatever is necessary but there should be no discrimination against the residents,” he said.
Every wind blows through the mountains and valleys carrying arted and pumpum from the land of imagination to the land of truth.
I am 91 years old, I have decided to retire (from politics) but I will continue to encourage the future generations,” said Bah Lapang.
Many houses have been damaged in the cold weather and bomb blasts in the area.
“The public has a right not to go.
Shillong: Shillong and surrounding areas will experience heavy rainfall tomorrow.
That means sleeping without being disturbed anywhere or by any disturbance such as the sound or ringing of mobile phones in the middle of the night.
According to estimates, the death toll of these cows has reached 15 lakh tyngka.
The people of Khasi Jaintia should support and donate money to any group that intends to go to court on the Reservation Policy.
However, the recent award of Prof Badaplin War for the Padmashri Award may have improved the Khasi writing field, but it is still necessary to encourage others to improve. and to be able to strongly urge the Central Government for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
West Garo HillsBarengaparaKurosh R Marak(IND)-3774Nasser R Marak(NPP)-2493BabelaparaRighteous N Sangma(NCP)-3308Meckenson Ch Marak(NPP)-2485AmonparaJimbirth Marak(GNC)-2923IND1(NTu1) M- Sanger2R2R Marak 3126Dulal Ch Sangma (INC)-2964DengnakparaSadhiarani M Sangma(INC)-6366Sanjip T Sangma(IND)-2273RochonparaDipul R Marak(NPP)-4858Malcolm M Sangma(INC)-4385INCE RAsabre2Nak9ma -2706BalachandaSofiur Rahman(IND)-8971Monirul Islam(INC)-6630BatabariMark Geora B Marak(IND)-4724Roynath Sangma(NPP)-3570ShyamnagarS G Esmatur Mominin(NPP)-9483Sader Hossain(INC8) Rdick8 R-samGreak4NG4977 ) -3847JengjalLibastone T Sangma(IND)-4135Grahambell Sangma(NPP)-4089NaguaparaDhormonath Sangma(INC)-5054Ranjit Rabha(BJP)-2958South Garo HillsSilkigreAugustine R Marak (GNC)- 3
He said the kidnapping was also carried out in collaboration with the GNLA and ULFA. Police have received information that UFLA militants from Assam have kidnapped the people by placing them in the GNLA camp. The government has provided emergency assistance of T.1 lakh to the families of those policemen who died in the attack.
On the other hand, the president of the VPP, urged the state government to set up a special committee to look into the matter together with experts from the two ethnic groups. the reservation policy and the roster system.
“This took time because it had to be done again and again so that it would be free from any mistakes.
By the will of God we have been sanctified by the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all. Hebrews 10:9–10.
An NIA team, including the Deputy Inspector General and Superintendent of Police, has left for the scene of the attack at Poonch in J&K. other security forces launched a massive counterterrorism operation in order to nab and deal with the militants involved in the Poonch attack in which a truck occupied by a group of The troops were attacked by the insurgents in which about five of them were killed.
In the final of the 12th grade girls' category, Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam played against Nineset Secondary School. which scored 5 – 0 goals.
The candidates who have already filed their nomination papers are (L) HDR Lyngdoh of the UDP, Osborne Kharjana of the Congress, Samlin Malangiang of the NPP and Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP. Mumbai: Bollywood actress Parineeti Chopra has been arrested for allegedly signing a memorandum of understanding with the BJP leader. of the Aam Aadmi Party, Raghav Chadha.
Shillong, Nailar 30: U Kartick Karmakar, resident of Umpling, Rynjah, was arrested from Motphran on the 25th of this month at 8:30 pm.
The Parish Pastoral Council of Parish Barato has urged the faithful from different Parishes of Jowai and abroad to take part in this day as a sign of joy and thanksgiving to God. on this day to bless and dedicate this church in the name and name of the Saviour, Jesus Christ, Christ the King.
In the past 24 hours alone, 0.87 hectares of fields, fields and plantations have been affected.
It is only if a Muslim party like the All India Majlis-e-Ittehad-ul-Muslim (AIMIM) from Assam comes that it can shake up the constituency. that political party.
Shillong, July 06: The Aam Admi Party (AAP) today inaugurated its office at Dhankheti, Shillong in the presence of State Coordinators from Assam, Nagaland, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh. The Coordinator of AAP Meghalaya, Bah W Nongtdu, who also conducted the opening ceremony, was also present.
Hundreds of NPP leaders from Ranikor resigned on Monday and joined the BJP. On the same day, the leaders also urged Bah MM Dangngo to join the BJP. He will also resign and join the BJP to prepare for the upcoming MLA elections.
Chandra has directed the Superintendent of Police, Divisional Forest Officer (T) of East and North Garo Hills, Divisional Mining Officer of East and North Garo Hills and Block Development Officer of Resubelpara to confirm the allegation. and submit a report on this matter before 26th June.
The Government is looking into the amount of land required for the renovation of the existing places of worship and schools in Them Metor.
The parade was attended by the East Jaintia Hills District Police Station and tableaux were displayed by various government departments.
This also shows the revenue collections in different states in November 2020 compared to November 2019.
Angkit, who used to tied only to support his opponents, took the initiative to show his strength and managed to score 50 runs on his own. Joyhenba took the fourth wicket in the match and finished his point. He threw the ball into the fielder's mouth. 5/33 in 16 overs.
However, we see that Shillong is the 'Smam City' because the traffic jam has become too high and there is no way to improve this city which has been built without a sign.
May the World Environment Day on June 5 not end with the celebrations.
On the other hand, the Minister also expressed his gratitude to the MSOA, its departments and the Sports Department for their contribution to the achievement of the Meghalaya Games.
He said that out of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals, 15 achievements have been achieved by Ngap.
Regarding commercial vehicles, until today the magistrates have to distribute Vaccinated and Not Vaccinated certificates.
After Agnes informed her mother, they both went to the police station to lodge a complaint with the police on the 18th of this month.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said the opposition to the bill should protect the nation from being overwhelmed by other high paid people.
We shouted, “We Want Hills State, No Hills State No Rest”.
He urged the students to value time by being able to complete various activities in their studies, sports, helping with household chores and other areas.
“We have been told that the government has wrongly appointed these investigation officers from the beginning. a clear message to the officers that if you do your job properly such things will happen," he added.
Ajax have won the Eredivisie title and the Dutch Cup.
A woman who works inside the Marten said that she has been working there for about 23 years and she said that this job has saved her and her family. she was also able to send her children to school and provide for her family.
In fact, the High Court has said that there should be no 10 or 20 year plan by taking into account the demand for electricity in the coming years to ensure that electricity cannot be produced or purchased. or to assume from other sources that there will be no shortage of electricity supply and capacity.
However, what has upset the parents of the students as well as the teachers in various schools is that despite the payment of T.75 lakh for the sixth question. However, the MBOSE has not been able to conduct the examination smoothly and it has been seen that the questions of Class IX students have been stolen again this year.
The past we need to keep but keeping too much is not helpful either because we also need to move forward.
Gomaghat (northwest of Ranikor and border with Bangladesh) and Phlangdiloin (northeast of Domiasiat and a few kilometers from Domiasiat) – 1000 tonnes4
As soon as I heard the song “Kongdeng, Kongnah...”, the lympung was over.
According to sources, up to three factories have been destroyed by the district authorities today, but the names of these factories have not been received.
Meanwhile, the Mylliem MLA said that he has decided not to contest the MDC election this time.
Replying, Bah Teibor said, “The department is following the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court not to allow the construction of such buildings near the rivers. will ensure that the residents do not cross the border near the rivers by building houses”.
Speaking to reporters, Rakkam said the meeting today discussed the issues raised by the union including the release of monthly salary and the outstanding arrear.
He said that the light bill will be held twice a month and this month, which is the beginning of the work, it has been scheduled to be held on the 5th and 19th of November. that the people should cooperate for this purpose, so that this work may be carried out smoothly for their benefit in many ways according to the wishes of all.
Diosstar Jyndiang has won the mid-term elections from Nongstoin after the death of Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has not yet received the No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) regarding the and the Byrnihat-Shillong railway line, and he said that this issue is still under discussion.
Of course, I didn’t say we don’t need money, but first we need to be people (leader electors) who have a serious spirit for the nation and we can’t be people (leader electors) who have a responsibility for the nation if we do not respect the right and truth over wealth.
“We want to make this college one of the best to provide services to you students,” said Bah Lawan.
On the part of the Headmistress of the school, Kong Balakyntiew Umbah, she expressed her gratitude to the Caring Cohort for their willingness to look after the welfare of the school. O.B Ranee to spread the knowledge of the children of Umsning area which until now has been one of the best educational institutions which has produced many sportsmen and women as well as children who have passed well. from this school.
The shyieng tyrpeng and budlum of the rangli were cut off to enhance the wealth of some people.
Therefore, we as leaders will work to strengthen the party and especially to look after the welfare of the ethnic groups in the state.
Many talented people have showcased their talents in this programme.
He said that the issue of Themmetor should not be viewed from the point of view of ethnic differences, but should be viewed as an issue to get a decision.
He said that during the search, it was not found that Bernard was with the children and for that reason, he cannot be blamed, just because he is the owner of the residence.
Shillong, July 19: After the murder of Kong (L) Kyndiang Dohling from Mawthawtieng, another murder of Dondur Sha bong has happened recently in the past few days. The incidents have frightened, humiliated and shocked all the residents of the area, until people don't have the joy to walk, stand, work and farm in the fields especially the women and children. .
Also present on the occasion were the youngest son of Babu TL Pariong, Minister of Rangthong, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem as the chief guest who is also the State President of the NPYF, and others. and the elders of the city.
Why are you like this?3
Another reason why man does not get an answer is because man has sinned against himself.
Speaking to media, the President of the Seng, Samla Trebor R.Suchen, said, “Today (Tuesday) we have heard that there are threats from people who call themselves Sengbhalang groups. Youths in the market to intimidate the Pnars living in Block-I by threatening them (Pnars) not to form any political party within the boundary of Block-I. “We understand clearly that the reason why they (Karbi) want to silence or shut the mouths of their fellow citizens is because the Regional Committee to resolve the border issue in the second phase between the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya is still in progress. “This is a ploy by the Karbi people to want our fellow citizens living in Block-I who have the right to return to Meghalaya because it is the country of Meghalaya. It has been in operation since 1951 and we know that there is a Notification from the Governor of Assam which has transferred Block-I to Assam.
Gray was crowned Miss Universe 2017 Demi Leigh Nel-Peters of South Africa.
At the same time, it expresses its surprise and disappointment to see that the opposition of some people comes only when the construction comes near the army base which is unacceptable. .
At the same time, Kong Mira June expressed her gratitude to the Minister for taking care of the demand regarding the ASHAs. “The Minister has made it clear that the Department cannot implement through the rules and regulations, but ensures that the measures are taken through all the DCs and Rangbah Shnongs regarding the safety of the work of ASHA workers,” said Kong Kharjana.
Pdahkasiej said that the people have now begun to understand their rights in politics and now there is another problem, that the state government can no longer control the people. The Government of India has conducted e tendering and so far, there are 12, 13 government departments which have conducted e tendering in the State.
At the same time, Prof Laloo said that the department is trying to increase the water supply and also to take measures to reduce the water loss from Phase III. More and more villages to provide water like Pynthorumkhrah.
“On the 12th of this month, the members of the states in the North East, who have the same demand for a new state under the banner of the National Federation of New State, will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. Leaders of Karbi Anglong from Assam, Kukiland from Manipur, Tripura and Bodoland will come to Meghalaya and we will hold a meeting at Mawphanlur.
First of all, we would like to clarify that Lawei ba Phyrnai is a teachers' union consisting of 7 patriotic teachers including three school teachers, one college teacher and one teacher. I teach at a university in the country.
There were also two female dancers who took part in this song.
Thus, Babu Jeebon Roy established three schools, Shillong Zillah, Government Boys' High School and Mawkhar Middle School.
I have come here to hear from you and I will have to take this up for discussion in the Dorbar,” said Bah Let.
Kramar received the highest mark and Phidahun Nongrum, Sacred Heart Girls' HS School (Class X) received the second prize.
At the same time, the police are conducting an investigation to find out the truth about the accident.
During the hearing, Tushar Mehta, Solicitor General of India and Lawyer of the Meghalaya Government, briefed on the measures taken by the Government of India and the State Government to look for those who are buried in the coal mine.
He said that there are two sides to the issue, whether the government wants to resolve the issue through the law or through the government.
Twelve chickens were also prepared; 7 hens and 5 hens.
If we live according to the Holy Spirit we will be saved and if we live according to the flesh we will die.
Meghalaya is one of the states most affected by Cyclone Remal which has resulted in the loss of lives and many damage.
Since then, there has been a demand from the National Council of Amri Karbi to return all the land of the Raid Dumria (Desh Demoreah) which covers an area of ​​487.72 sq. km.
In the second half, Oresterwell Langshiang scored the second goal in the 65th minute and Balamlynti Khongjee scored the third goal in the 83rd minute. However, the players of Pdengkarong did not lose heart and fought hard but in the end they managed to score only 10 goals through Marshial Nongrum.
The report was compiled based on information received including RTI, CAG report and investigator reports as well as newspaper articles collected after the NGT coal ban on the 17th. June 1, 2014.
When he came to the election, the people did not feel much different.
So the next day he went to the lawyer's house to talk to him.
Out of eight games, Lajong have earned only four points, winning once, drawing once and all of them have been beaten by other teams.
He said that in the beginning he used only one of the four jobs, but he didn't lose heart and he worked hard and as the days went by, the jobs improved. and it is also a job that can provide for the family and more importantly it is a job that gives peace because it is a job that can serve others among the low income people. Through these tools, he is able to perform in the field of dance with peace of mind, whether it is village dance, religious dance and cultural dance.
Jesus rode on the donkey, and when he came to Jerusalem he wept for her! Why? The Pharisees still thought that the crowds had followed Jesus but no one did. The reason was that they were shouting blindly without knowing the meaning of the king of the Jews whom they were shouting about! Jesus saw that the hearts of the Israelites were empty and that they did not really know that Jesus was their king but they just cried out.
I need more news especially advertisement.
It was only when the people woke up that they saw those who were lying dead on the streets and along the roads.
She said that in her journey in this field she has faced many difficulties and there have been times when she has had to walk through rough roads just to reach them. families in need of medical assistance, but despite those difficulties she has not backed down and stands forward to do the best for the people in need.
However, in this bright and intelligent age, the Meghalaya government does not understand the value of human culture, when even the peoples of the world have become rich. to seek his source.
The first match was played between Sakat FC and St John's School where Sakat FC won 5-1
But to those who fear God, the land is peaceful, prosperous and prosperous.
So the Lord said to Joshua, “Do not be afraid of the Amorites, for I have given them into your hand and there will not a man stand before you” Joshua 10:5-8
It is important that everyone knows and understands this danger that will come upon us, so we must be ready.
Only this can fight against BRIBERY and NEPOTISM in the Gazettedposts.
Nongpoh: Thousands of people including Sengbhalang leaders, women's organizations and youth organizations, have joined the march organized by the Seng Samla Shnong Nongpoh Proper, for the purpose of to raise their voices against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and those who have called for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Any political situation does not remain the same but changes rapidly according to the passage of time.
Mamata has urged the people to vote for the TMC in Meghalaya as it will be the party that will remove the BJP from power in Delhi in the coming days. to defeat the BJP in the 2024 elections.
There are also many Khasi chiefs who have not signed this agreement.
Vivek said that the plaintiff has already collected T.80 lakh from 38 people since last year and has paid this money to the thief. .
" My mother said quickly.
The delegation also visited the North Eastern Council (NEC) and spoke to Secretary K Moses Chalai, who briefed on the objectives of the Council and various schemes implemented by the Council so far. in the region.
The Minister also presented the State Literary Award 2010 to (L) Dr Iarlington Kharkongor for his writing of the Khasi book “The Foundation for Building and Strengthening the Family of the Country and Nation”. (L) BS Bangshall, who wrote the Garo book 'Sonajing'
Waheh Shnong Ma Batkupar Rymbui, Secretary Shnong Ma Formi Rymbui and other members of the village have expressed their concern over the affected drinking water well in the village and requested the quarry owners to stop digging near the wells. the village.
The BSF also alleged that in the same area on the 5th of this month, the smugglers threw stones at the BSF guards and after driving them away, they seized clothes and incense worth up to 1 lakh rupees.
Bajop Pyngrop said that in the state politics, only the NPP-led MDA government has the will and desire to solve the problems that other governments are not willing to solve. He said that the youth should not refuse to take part in politics because the state and the country need the youth to come forward and carry the border. the burden of the state through the world.
They were close to Sinbirth Momin alias Norok, the C-in-C of the UALA, and were involved in the murder in Gandabari in November 7 members of the Rabha community were killed.
He said that the illegal entry of mynder is an issue that he has taken seriously and if he wins the election he will fight to curb the illegal entry of mynder.
(A) Foreigners – The Congress-led MUA government in 2013 rejected the demand of the civil society to implement the ILP in order to curb the illegal entry of foreigners. In 2016, the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) was passed.
The 13 participants are Mandapkupar Wanniang under 13 years old (male), Adrian Mars Syiemlieh under 15 years old (male only), Wansaphi Marpna under 15 years old (female only) under 17 years old. Givenwarder Lyngdoh (single male), Deidaphi Marpna under 15 years old, Mewalambok Marweiñ and Adrian Mars Syimelieh under 15 years old (Boys double), Wansaphi Marpna and Deidaphi Marpna under 17 years old. Under 19 (single) Alwin Richal Iawphniaw, Under 19 (Boys Double) Givenwarder Lyngdoh and Alwin Richal Iawphniaw.
On the other hand, Bah Justman Malai, Rangbah Shnong of Jowe, said that the teachers of the school have written a letter to the office of the education department, as informing about the destruction of the school. However, not a single government authority has come to see the need to repair the school.
“The 17 persons arrested in connection with this incident are only small farmers and workers but the police should have arrested the owner of the land, Bah Lar Bareh and the two employees of Bah Lar Bareh. Bason Shylla, brother of Cabinet Minister Kyrmen Shylla and Tiewli Shadap, said that if the owners do not implement the park, these foreigners will not be able to work in this area.
“We don't take anything from any nation but we demand our rights.
Last night's shooting was the second since April 2020, the report said.
The union has immediately demanded from the Assistant Executive Engineer to complete these poles so that the residents can ring light to their homes. The union has given time to the Assistant Executive Engineer to reinstate within 10 months.
On 30th November 2022, the NIA summoned HNLC leaders Bobby Marwein, Marius Rynjah and Sainkupar Nongtraw to appear before the bomb blasts in East. Jaintia Hills in the year
In the first semi-final of Zone 1, East Khasi Hills will face Shillong CA on Tuesday. calorie intake for health reasons as well as among those who want to lose weight.
Earlier, many church leaders had praised the MLA for seeing the plight of the people when they came to pay their last respects to their loved ones at Lawmali Cemetery.
Kunal Dey, who bowled 4 overs, was tied for 28 runs with one wicket for the loss of one wicket. Manish Joshi, who bowled 4 overs, was tied for 43 runs. 1wicket.
Such women and us don't dare to tell anyone.
He said that this kind of sports has been organized by the Seng Khasi groups as traditional sports such as rong biria, Mawpoiñ and Mawkyntieng and others since the 1980s. sports in Meghalaya.
Wow! What kind of world is this, in a place where those who have been honored are beaten.
You see what I'm doing wrong... Look, even now, as soon as my father tells me to leave school, I just obey.
“During a meeting with the leaders of the North East, Defense Minister Amit Shah said that the CAB will not apply to the states with Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the states under the 6th Schedule" said Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma.
“He said that even on 24th November, members of the MPUF were arrested at 8:00 pm without an FIR but the police registered an FIR the next day. on the 25th of November until 4:00 pm, after the MPUF members went to inquire about the reason for the arrest of their members.
“I feel it is necessary to set up an inquiry into this matter and there is no danger of making a demand to the government on this matter,” he said.
India have faced Maldives, United Arab Emirates and China PR in Group G in the qualifying round, scheduled to be held between 6-12 November, 2023 in Dalian.
Bah Khyriem was released after 13 parties applied for bail after the government decided to drop the charges against them during the ILP protest in
Man, animal, and plants will all wither and die if there is no water.
There have also been attempts to spread false news against the BJP as an anti-Christian party, which bans the consumption of beef.
The announcement of the election will be on the 17th June 2020 and the deadline for filing nominations for the mid-term MDC elections will be on the 19th June 2020 at 3.00 pm. The registration will be held on the same day after 3.00 pm.
He also warned that the government should not take stingy the struggle started by Bah Ardent because it is not only for his own benefit but for the youth of the nation and the heritage. still coming.
Nongpoh: In the midst of mourning and grief, the relatives, loved ones and residents of Marngar area today received the remains of the body of Walinda Binong, who was suspected of being murdered. She was shot dead inside her room at the Girls Hostel of Mody University in Lakshammgarh, Sikar district, Rajasthan on the 27th of this month.
He said this while speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Annual Sports Meet of Rosario Secondary School, Mawsïatkhnam. of Mawlai Constituency.
It is time for us to change our minds and start doing things that will save and preserve the environment.
Although the employees of the National Highway Authority of India immediately sent the authorities and the police of Ratacherra, Umkiang police took action but could not do anything about the severity of the incident. dheng kali because of the excessive fall, the earthquake.
In another match, Sutnga SSCC beat Thangskai Tiger 2-1
Even today, many Langsohmohs have performed puja for the Doloi, Lyngdoh and others.
This comes after two new cases have been confirmed in the past 24 hours.
In terms of employment, we all know what jobs are available in the state.
The KHADC from time to time has taken steps to strengthen the powers of the Rangbah Shnong, the Dorbar Shnongs to strengthen and the assistance to bring in Direct Funding and also the Council has opposed to empower them. Longkmie to participate in the dorbars, because according to the customs and traditions, the council cannot say that women should participate in the dorbars so that there will be a share of women to fight for the community. you shah only.
On Saturday, Taliban militants killed four kidnappers and, after driving them away, threw them on top of a crane in the city's market area. Heartbreaking.
British and US troops have also dropped large numbers of missiles on the Iraq-Syria border, Israeli reports said.
Speaking on the number of people who tested positive for covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District, 27 cases include 11 BSF personnel, 7 Armed Forces personnel and 9 civilians.
On that day, the meeting will send the applications of the candidates who have applied for tickets to the Central Election Committee for further action.
Fully Niang from Shangpung Pohshnong, West Jaintia Hills District received the State Awardee for the year 2018-1
“With the unity and confidence of our District Leaders, we have decided to leave all the District and Area Office Bearers as members of HITO and to continue our public work through the Ribhoi Youth Welfare Organization. organization since 2017," they added.
“According to a statement sent by Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the Seng, the Party has also adopted the decided to hold public meetings in the district and sub-division headquarters in the coming days.
He said that if the road from Kyndongei to Mawrok is built, the distance is only about 100 to 70 kilometers.
Therefore, all the householders/residents living in the nine villages, including Nongrim Hills, Pohkseh, Nongrah, Nongmensong, Lapalang, Riat Laban and Wahdienglieng, were selected in the first round. to register yourself in the App through a URL that can be opened through PCs, Laptops, Tablets and Smart Phones.
Shillong: The 5th Annual Women's Assembly of the Church of God (M&A) Mawngaprim has been postponed from 17th-19th April The government has ordered the suspension of public gatherings due to the rapid spread of covid-1
The Seng also demanded that the Principal should enroll more Khasi students in the school, as some of the students have been deprived of places in the school, said a statement from the Publicity Secretary Samla Laitphar Syngkrem.
Replying to the remarks of Voice of People's Party (VPP) leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Lyngdoh said that the ethnic parties in the state do not have the budlum and all they have the right to give their opinion according to their understanding.
The most dangerous thing for our own nation in this age is the sign of the beginning of lies and deceit, which is no longer worth living or looking at to stand truly with lies and deceit, bam sap They don't cover the water of the poor, the suffering, the slavery, the small and the weak, where the foundation of teaching to live righteously, righteously, righteously, righteously, is no longer there. , but the desire for gain is too great for the soul that desires unrighteous riches.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) North West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District to take action regarding the spread of rnga in The district is especially in the Lumdam, Niangdai, Wahpipa and Lawhuleng areas which are still under the border with Ri Bhoi District.
– It is a word of encouragement and reminder that all the Khasi from Kupli to Rongdi, from Brahma to Surma descend from the same Sohpet Ksai “Sohpetbneng”.
The team was coached by Aibanjop Shadap, assistant coach Dame Kyndiah and manager Cleverson Syiemlieh.
RM Shabong, President MEPA, said the party also remembers the courage and impartiality of this man, in which he wrote the truth as a journalist.
Many times when the sum used to call her to fetch water, to bring soap and he used to send her to clean even his underwear.
Wailadmiki said this at the opening ceremony of the training center at Mynthong, Jowai on Thursday.
The procession went smoothly from the beginning to the end until it ended.
“But when we make laws to protect, we must not be too slow but we must be wise, because we have to think that we cannot live alone and there are also our brothers and sisters around the world. place in the country and the world,” said Archbishop Jala.
Another incident is that MeECL, has been killing people, by using electricity, those who do not have proper licenses and thus, tragic incidents have happened.
After the court's verdict, Rahul tweeted, “This is the fight against 'Mitrkaal' to save democracy.
Momin said the issue of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act will not affect the party in the Lok Sabha elections in the state.
“We don't have the report of the investigation into the shooting death of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew and this report can be prepared by anyone and doesn't need to be submitted for a year,” said Marshall Lyngdoh, one of the KSKBUH leaders. also reported as a sign of displeasure.
The scheme has a budget of T.1,30,000 (One lakh thirty thousand tyngka) per household.
The second phase of the demarcation process between Meghalaya and Assam will start within the next 15 days, with the preparation to re-establish the groups as done in the first phase. first, the Regional Committee.
JNC 7 Village Circle under the leadership of Bah Mehi Rymbai incharge of 7 Village Circle and President Bah Wishes Siangshai on Tuesday met with the EE of PWD. Khliehriat Division with a letter requesting his office to repair the iron bridge known as “Um-su-wai” in East Jaintia Hills, which is located on Wah-Kmai road. -Um, Musniang Rangad Road (WMR Road) which has been destroyed and caused danger to the pedestrians.
Azad said the party holds national and international conferences every year across the country, and this year the 15th conference will be held here in Shillong on 18, 19 and 20 November. 2015, and the venue of the AIPC leadership from Shillong will be confirmed later, which they said may be at the Soso Tham Auditorium or at NEHU. Richard R Marak was elected as the new President of the Youth Congress and Jlan K Rymbai was elected as the Vice President. , Madonna Bakordor Langstieh and Banang Tynsong as General Secretaries and other office bearers.
The youth, when he encountered such an incident, immediately informed his friends and those who went to chase the robbers, so with the help of his friends, one of them was arrested. 15mer and also the bike number AS 13 M 9065, but another escaped, as it was taken away by friends.
These branches are small, but when they are large enough, they cover the back of the whole leaf until the whole ground becomes stem.
On Sunday 7th of this month, 2023, UCFNEI invited all churches and other faiths to join in prayer together for peace, stability and cessation of all Shillong: The UDP candidate for Sohiong constituency, Bah Synshar, said in a statement that the UDP candidate for Sohiong constituency has been involved in the bloodshed and killings in many churches and fellowships. Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah said that out of the 44 polling stations, 39 belong to the UDP. “Two of them belong to the UDP party,” said Bah Synshar, who is also known as Bah Pup, while speaking at a public meeting at Wahlang village today.
Most of the seed foods are rich in protein and beneficial to health.
The incident took place at Ïawmusiang Nongbah where the houses of PDF supporters were stoned by unidentified persons.
Shillong, Jymmang 03 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that students who wish to continue their Under Graduate studies in private colleges or government colleges do not need to apply. I'm going to take the Common University Entrance Test (CUET).
On the other hand, the union demands that the law enforcement authorities should take action and arrest all these people, who have violated the law as shown in the video and photographs taken by some of the police. live in the village.
Director  Healthy Services and Dr Andreas Dkhar.
The Government of India has agreed to issue a written notice to increase the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for the purchase of agricultural products, but the farmers have rejected the proposal. They demanded that the three laws, which had been approved by Parliament, should be repealed.
Samla Talang said that the biggest problem facing the residents of this border area is in terms of illness especially those who are seriously ill which makes it difficult to reach the PHC-CHCs of the Government. Because the villages in this area are too far from the PHC & CHC and most of them go to Bangladesh to get medicines and to sleep because the road is not suitable for this area. The border area from Prang Bridge and so on to the border villages like Hingari, Huroi, Lai Long and also to Sonapur East Jaintia Hills.
Ziona is from Baktawng village in Serchhip district, 100 kilometers east of Aizawl.
Not only that, the Meghalaya government has been harassed by the Assam police in the implementation of development projects such as roads, highways, electricity and others, as has happened in the past. who have passed".
The incident occurred at 10 am this morning, and the union immediately took the initiative to talk to the DHS, Dr Aman War.
The incident happened a few days ago, when Gogoi received a complaint from the Additional District Judge, who wanted to promote him, but which shocked him. The Chief Justice went to the Supreme Court and spoke in Hindi.
“We will hold a meeting soon to discuss the work of the party, how to strengthen it especially for the upcoming MDC and MP elections,” said a source from the party leaders.
Khasi tyngshops and purons, including the Ki Jlaw Dohtir group, Ibansara Khongriah and Draishon Mynsong, took part in the song.
However, it is more important to focus and diligently study the books for a bright future.
He said that the presence of the members to witness the invitation is an encouragement to fight for the nation.
At the same time, the SE said in his reply to the Deputy Commissioner, that he will dismiss all those who have been illegally appointed and insist on an apology for the wrongdoing.
Last month, the High Power Committee appointed IIT Guwahati headed by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly as an independent team to investigate the sudden collapse of the Dome. The meeting of the new State Legislative Assembly will be held at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong Township.
We hear from time to time that government jobs have become scarce in government offices and there is no way to get a government job even if you have a higher education.
Therefore, the Dorbar of Nongjngi Elaka has decided to immediately ban the entry and exit from the villages or neighboring villages until Peace was restored between the inhabitants of Khanduli and the Karbi.
The District Level Youth Festival 2023 will be held on the 28th and 29th of November and up to 500 students from 11 colleges in East and West Jaintia Hills will participate in the programmes.
Lama YSC FC scored two goals when they tried to score two goals but they couldn't due to the good play of the defenders of Lakadong Ummat SCC. Arbikrik Rymbai scored the third goal in the 70th minute.
The MDA 2.0 Government will be strong and will last until the end of these five years and the UDP has not been willing and will not be willing to withdraw its support.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government will consider encouraging and motivating the youth to set up their own businesses due to the lack of opportunities. less government.
However, initially it was seen that other Sengbhalang who arrived before the meeting accepted the order of the District Administration to give speeches only about 20 members from each Seng and it was seen that many Sengbhalang have already joined. into the meeting place too.
Shillong, July 27: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has given a deadline of 10th October to the Hima Mylliem to hold a Hima Dorbar, said the Chief Executive Member of the Hima Mylliem, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. news today.
Biangbor said that in this regard, the Seng will take the necessary action and also to meet with the environmental authorities.
Therefore, to reduce the cost of electricity, use them only when necessary, said Bah O.Riang.
Many of them said how to give ticket to a person who has not worked in the party and who is new, who has not been recognized by the people from different villages of the constituency from Hima Mawiang, Myriaw and Nongkhlaw.
The meeting also witnessed the support of many people especially when the son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh , Samla Nathaniel Rymmai congratulated the candidate to continue his work to serve the people of Sohiong as his father had done for decades.
He said that the HITO has in fact tried to fulfill its duty to explain the election of legislators to the Assembly.
“I have decided to contest the MDC election again because of the unclear performance of the CEM JHADC who is the local MDC of Sohmynting Khliehtyrshi, MB Rymbai,” said Lakhon Dkhar at a meeting held at his residence.
Two persons died shortly after being hit by a truck, while the driver sustained minor injuries, but police took him to the police station. to ensure that it is not an injury that will affect your health.
Nongstoin, November 4: Mawphanlur Integrated Village Cooperative Society Ltd in collaboration with Meghalaya Village Development & Promotion Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd Shillong today inaugurated the Mawphan Lur 201 Tourism Festival. The meeting was also held at Mawphanlur, West Khasi Hills.
She then scored 54 runs with Magdaline M. Sangma (13 not out).
He said the participants have also reached an agreement on several issues including how to have another road to connect the North East with India besides the The Siliguri Corridor is also known as the Chicken Neck.
However, due to turmoil within the Congress party, Lalduhoma left the party in
It is also alleged that in the past five months, three churches have been damaged, but the police have not done anything.
Mairang, Naitung, 3: The Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the District Sports Officer of Nongstoiñ, Nongstoiñ. , ended on Saturday at Dommawlum Square, Mairang.
“We urge the members of various political parties within the CoMSO and also the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep to come together with determination to Student Square to show that we as the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep are against the CAA. “We demand that the Government of India should recognize the ILP in Meghalaya,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman of CoMSO. Because as a group you will participate in the student field.
The KSU has already met and talked with the SDO of Khliehriat Revenue Sub Division, Khliehriat to resolve this issue, but till now nothing has been resolved.
Have the BJP leaders been so greedy for power and corruption that they don't even care about the grievances of the people,” he asked.
In the case of the infrastructural component, 51% of the SOR was awarded to 2 large foreign companies and 100 local contractors were awarded. The SOR submitted to these Companies and Contractors is for the same year.
Cifullmi Shylla (16 & 23), Jerimi Dkhar (30 & 46) and Lyonel Ryngkhlem (6 & 7) scored each.
There is one person who says that our leader is rich, but in education he has passed only class 3 or 4, but he is a helpful person who has done a lot of help for our constituency.
They also said that the State Government through the Ministry of Education has launched the centrally hosted web-based application (TIMS) where the attendance of teachers is one of the parts of the teacher education system. an.
Police also seized 41 rounds of ammunition and arrested Bah Rhoh Pohlong (35).
According to Bah Khyriem, the land acquisition for the construction of the entry and exit points has gone smoothly and there is only one site at 13th Mile due to the shortage.
The crowd became like a brute.
The name of the author is hidden in this hamsaïa and therefore it is not known where it was created.
He said that these people who have committed this illegal activity, have not received any permission from the village, but it is an illegal act by the people who have committed this illegal activity.
A house with a mouse is a house without a fly.
U Bah David, who won MLA from Mawryngkneng in 2013, has resigned from the Speaker, AT Mondal.
The current stage of the tournament will have two groups in which the top two teams will qualify for the Super Four.
Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by seven wickets on the third day of the Ranji Trophy. Group.
For this, the Khasi film, Ïewduh won the title of “Best Film”.
On the other hand, the National Green Tribunal wants the government to pass a law on mining, but the prime minister wants to completely remove the coal mining from the people. The JHTOA also expresses its gratitude to the Kharkaia, who have contributed greatly to the development of the people and the JHTOA, demands that the Prime Minister, he shall ask forgiveness of them, because he hath not spoken against them.
Through this Lecture Theatre, video conferencing and telemedicine projects will be shared with other educational institutions including those in the North East.
On this day, thousands of people flocked to the place to witness with their own eyes the beauty of this place in the village.
The Fire and Emergency Services rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire so that it would not spread to other areas nearby.
They said that it is here that (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh said that anyone who turns away from the party will die.
Two Army soldiers were injured in an exchange of fire with militants in Jammu and Kashmir's Rajouri district, police officials said on Tuesday.
In the coming months, France will train and send some of its troops along with vehicles and tanks including AMX-10RC. fight as much as possible to provide air defense support to Ukraine as part of its ability to counter Russia's heavy and powerful attacks.
He also thanked the people of Byrnihat area, who have supported the party from the beginning, in this opposition to the government to introduce the railway, which connects from Tetilia-Byrnihat and requested The residents of Byrnihat area should stand on the ground against the Railway, until the government implements strict rules and regulations to curb the incessant infiltration of the mynder and to build the railway. The Act shall protect the people of the State from the involvement of the authorities.
On the other hand, Katakey commended the Government for its readiness to take the necessary action.
and 12 others which have joined parties only to get schemes from Delhi as our state except Assam, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 2,000, according to the website of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The death toll has risen to 53, including 1,860 people undergoing treatment. and another 156 recovered.
Therefore, she requested that if the people elect the NPP through her as a candidate, those development works will come to the villages.
This was announced at the celebration of the International Day for Biodiversity 2024 on 22nd June at the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong in the presence of Bah DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary of the State as the Chief Guest.
He said that in his research he has found that in the past there were about 400 ethnic groups in the world who gave birth to their mother including the Khasi ethnic group but gradually these ethnic groups have learned. If the people of Hynniewtrep follow and obey the wise explanations of these unfounded siej liar khmut, within five years, the Khasi Pnar people will be destroyed. duh kind of immediately.
Shillong, Nailur 11: In the midst of various evils which are increasingly becoming a disease of the society especially drugs which has spread not only in Shillong but across the state and affecting the youth, u Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency, said that he does not see any problem in the fight against crime if the youth have the cooperation.
It was also seen that many of them had fallen from the plane, in which some of them fell from the plane and died, in the fall from the top of the plane. plane, when it was taking off from the airport in Kabul.
He said that as the holidays have passed and the elections are approaching, the Election Commission can announce the polling date in November.
“The hunger strike until death will continue, no one can stop my hunger strike,” said the CEM. Bah Nongrum said the state government should accept the village. The Administration Bill shall not be sent to the Governor of the State immediately.
It has been found that this friendship can bring more benefits to the health and well-being of an individual compared to the benefits we can get from our relationship with our family.
He said that 41 years have passed since Meghalaya but with the passing of the days, the election of leaders has deteriorated.
It is to be recalled that for more than a year, the union has taken seriously this issue which has affected the health of the children and the state government has issued an order through the Governor in 11th June 2019, in which the weight of the books for the students in different classes has been clearly stated.
Police have registered a case No.5(3)2017 u/s 438 IPC at Mawkyrwat Police Station in connection with the incident.
The teacher allegedly warned the child and continued to assault her since October.
We have received a clarification from the HBDRF who published the news and they have expressed their regret over this false news that they did not intend to defame our village.
On Tuesday, Rymbai Iawpynsing SC will play against Niaw Wasa United at 2:30 pm in Group-B at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
People inside their homes and offices were reported to have fled outside in the earthquake, which killed 45 people.
The SP said the complaint has been registered under the POCSO Act and the IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
Cleaning of public toilets should be a regular activity and there should also be hand washing and drying facilities in these places.
They said that during the construction of the road there was a violation of the rules and regulations and this continued while the road was being constructed.
David Kharsati, one of the senior leaders of the BJP, told Rupang, “What the party leaders have done is good, because the old working group is very weak.
The HYC started from Dulongnar, where many foreigners stop, then to Mawtnum, Nongpoh, Pahamrioh and Shangbangla, where they explained to the shopkeepers not to approach too close. and foreigners, because these shops where they live, there are many visitors from other states who stop in these shops.
Place- Nongdaju.
Manipur government spokesperson Th Basanta Kumar Singh admitted that all security forces in the state have been defeated.
“We will draft rules to prevent bail if only 3grams of drugs are seized and we want the rules not to mention the quantity or weight,” he said.
She said some of her relatives, one in Guwahati and one in Delhi, had gone for training but after three months they returned because it was too late.
The world knows who is political.
It was also decided that the ANVC should be dissolved as a party within the next three months from today of the signing of the agreement and that all cases related to violence should be dropped. However, cases of murder, or kidnapping and serious violence, will be dealt with by the State Government, according to various circumstances.
Javed has participated in many competitions held abroad in Guwahati, Delhi, Goa, Uttarakhand and others.
The Nongpoh MLA said that the Trauma Center and the Blood Bank have a close relationship and therefore it is necessary to open the Trauma Center as well, so that it will benefit the people not only in the area. Nongpoh, but to the people within the District and to all those who walk and stand and encounter accidents on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi.
In a statement issued by the BCCI last year, the BCCI said that the men's and women's cricketers will earn equal salaries. The men's team and the women's team will earn INR 15 lakh for Test matches, INR 6 lakh for ODIs and INR 3 lakh for T20Is. It earns INR 1 lakh for the team's ODI or T20Is appearances and INR 2.5 lakh for Test matches.
Sometimes we have done too much evil in our nation.
It is to be recalled that the fire broke out on Sunday when two brothers lost their lives while their mother, Kong Mansuk Challam, was on her way to Saturday.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Rocky Marwein, in which he explained to the supporters his intentions regarding his candidacy for the MDC election. It is necessary because to be the leaders of the District Council, is to make laws and regulations relating to the preservation of customs and traditions and the salvation of the Jaitbynriew.
The Minister said this while speaking at the closing ceremony of Wildlife Week 2022 held by the Divisional Forest Officer, Khasi Hills Wildlife Division at Phan Nonglait Park.
When it says all people, it does not mean only those who have become Christians but all the people of the world and Jews and Greeks and Gentiles and Gentiles. the price of the blood of Jesus, all that a person needs to do is to believe that the name of Jesus has the power to transform him from the old nature to the new nature.
Rahul Gandhi's Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra will pass through 17 districts of Assam to complete a distance of 833 kilometres.
My condolences go out to the families of those who have suffered these tragedies.
"III.DIVITIONS OF THE NATURE :The environment is divided into two parts: i) Living things This part includes plants such as trees. the mountains, the flowers, the plants, the animals, the wild animals, as well as us human beings.
For example, the New Shillong Township where hundreds or thousands of acres of land has been converted into Government land and since the 1980s and especially after the implementation of the Single Window Policy, Many of the Raijs, the countries that are not united throughout the Bri Hynniewtrep.
JSU Laskien Block Circle has requested the police department to cooperate for the welfare of the brothers and sisters who live on the border.
He said the HFU will work with VM Singh's union to demand from the government the implementation of these issues for the benefit of the farmers.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 39983 out of which 34440 have recovered and 694 have died.
In the media we see the horrific deaths of infants and children and this affects even those of us who are thousands of miles away from Palestine.
He said that when the rain is too heavy, even the jyntang falls quickly.
The Government of Meghalaya one Government after another has done its part for the development of the state and there is no right to believe that one Government has done all the development works.
At the time of the opening of the Civil Sub Division of Pynursla, Dr Mukul Sangma was the best Chief Minister not only in Meghalaya but in the whole of India. other.
" “This is a new assistance that we feel needs to be provided for the ASHAs. These include the expenses of the ASHAs in their activities, which includes the assistance to those ASHAs who can work well which will also lead to a reduction in the mortality of poor mothers and newborns,” said the Minister. to work together with other stakeholder groups to bring about change for the state of Meghalaya and for its citizens.
The entire organization is ready to come forward as volunteers to work together for the prevention of this disease if the authorities need us. in any case we are ready.
The District Council has suggested to the Government to accept their suggestions and send them to the Committee.
As a sign of remembrance, the Hima held a short meeting, observed a 10 minute silence and laid a wreath at the monument. Paiem Sibsing Syiem, who is in the ground floor of the office of the Syiem of Nongstoin.
The four categories are BWM, GOBARdhan, PWM, GWM & FSM. NFC Award – The film competition for Gram Panchayats started on 15th November 2021 on various categories of ODF plus .
The workshop also discussed how to protect and preserve medicinal plants from environmental degradation.
The Dil Dhadakne Do actor was surprised and showed his followers the fee he had to pay at the five star hotel.
Meghalaya will play against Assam on 25th July.
The death toll in New York State has risen to 10 cases in the past 24 hours. , there have been 731 deaths in the state.
Applicants can download the MTET Application form w.
They said that the water is used or drunk by 5 and 6 villages including Nonglwai, Nongkhlaw, Pingbah, Mawkaïang, Nonglwai 2 and others.
“He is the oldest MLA in this House, who won twice as an independent MLA before joining the National Party to win five times and lead as president.
In a statement, BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that the Congress government has allocated a lot of money to hold 30 types of festivals while it has not paid any attention to education. .
If this happens, it will be a blessing to the young athletes and an honor to the state government.
Nine MLAs including HDR Lyngdoh, Ardent Basiawmoit, Metbah Lyngdoh, KP Pangiang, Sanbor Shullai and HB Nongsiej of KHADC and Stephanson Mukhim of JHADC have resigned from the post. The Government has passed the Prevention of Disqualification Amendment Bill,
Shillong, November 9: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has turned into a car dealership. An Auto Celeiro vehicle has been parked at the District Council's phyl law to signal to the public to go to the venue to choose the vehicles they want to buy through the documents, photographs of the vehicles. is prepared.
This is the visible earth but there is an invisible world, and man loves the invisible world, and such a world is They are the ones whom God does not approve of.
After the second half, SCA didn't score any more than two points but by scoring 39 runs, SCA helped the team to reach 60 runs. that they should all be thrown wickets.
The band has announced that it will record a song in Shillong, as they have been impressed by the location.
The District Council has set a priority to bring about cleanliness not only in the villages, but also in the surrounding environment and rivers.
Speaking on the occasion, she said that as usual, the survey has been conducted from time to time, water and electricity have been distributed to the colonies. the rule.
One person said that the market is no longer the same as it used to be in the past and now no one dares to go near it.
“This Nongwah-Mawtamur area is under the jurisdiction of the District Council but the District Council does not believe that there is anything that KHADC does not want to do,” he said.
We must be self-controlled and self-controlled by thinking that others are better than ourselves.
Referring to the protest and demands of the teachers, Bah Nongrem said the UDP should know that the education department has been held by the MLA of their party, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. Finally, it was the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state who took action to resolve the issue of these teachers.
The two-day tournament started on 22nd November and will end on 23rd November
The union requests to set up an Engineer/Polytechnic for the students of the district where they do not have the opportunity to go to Shillong and other places.
However, she was satisfied because she offered her help but he refused.
The quake struck Arunachal Pradesh at 2.52 and 3.04 pm. The earthquake measured 5.6 and 3.8 on the Richter Scale.
Shillong: Lawyer D Shira has appealed to the Meghalaya High Court against the death of her husband Hillary Momin.
Why be afraid to include this university along with others where students will need to crack CUET to be able to come to study? The Government is like the father and mother of the citizens and to make too much trouble for the people is wrong because it will cause many problems later on when the peace is strong.
Judas Iscariot was sent by God to betray Jesus in order to fulfill the prophecy in the Old Testament (Isa.53).
When asked about the changes in the achievements that have come through the introduction of regional initiatives and ownership of PM-Awas (Gramin) to improve the quality of life, Momin said this has really changed jobs.
They also expressed their gratitude to the Waheh Chnong/Secretary of Ummulong, Moodymmai, Wahiajer, Mookyndur, Tyrshang, Mukhla as well as to the Pa Daloi of Jowai District, to the Volunteers. who have helped in various places and fields.
This was announced by the EM in charge of Arts and Culture, Antonio N War in reply to a question by Rona Khymdeit MDC of the UDP from Nongpoh Constituency.
It may be recalled that on Friday last month, a clash broke out between the Khasi-Pnars and Karbi in Khanduli village.
They were led by Samla Kitbor Suting, Chairman of the Union, Samla Ricky Lapang and were also accompanied by Bah BB Makdoh, Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District. The Union of Youth Associations of Shillong City and others.
It is learned that the man surrendered to the police immediately after committing the murder.
He said that out of the 13 houses of KHADC, only the one in Shillong Range has been allocated to a person named B Nongrum and it has received the highest revenue of T.29,85,1 .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, Pa'iem Dr Balajied Syiem, said that this year's Pomblang and Shad Niam is special because after two years, thousands of children cannot take part in the festival. They can take part and witness this ceremony and the joy of the kingdom.
Shillong: Bakur Social Welfare Sports Club, Shillong, will resume its football tournament from 5th June 2021, between Laitsohphie and Syndai Tylli Lang at 2.30 pm. pre quarter final.
Because the temple built by men is not precious in the sight of God, but our body is precious.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 908 with two more deaths on Wednesday.
Fair Service in the Distribution of Electricity: In this regard, there has been a constant decrease in load shedding in the state as a whole.
In the semifinal of the Under-14 Boys, RC Eve SS beat Padu SS 4-1 by a tie breaker. Little Flower HSS, Ummulong beat Govt Boys HSS 1-0 and in the women's category, Kiang Nangbah Govt HSS beat Police Public School 3-2
This is necessary to break the chain of transmission of the disease.
Meanwhile, Nujorki said that this is a different election because the people of Jaintia Hills have better understood about the MP election and there is hope that the RDA candidate will reach the goal.
The issue of this notice came after receiving a complaint from unemployed youth regarding the fraudulent application in the name of the National Career Service (NCS), in which an e-mail was sent to persons by applying for jobs and requesting applicants to accept the application forms/application letters.
To ensure the supply of electricity in the state, it has also struggled to buy electricity at the price of 8 tyngka per unit although the price is only T.3 to T.4.5 especially when the production of electricity is low.
Experts say that those who stay indoors and do not get sunlight and who work indoors, can develop mental illness.
“I used to suffer from migraines and irregular menstruation, so one day, I took a leave, because I was very sick, but the same night, he called me and told me that don't be afraid,” said Munusamy.
After the conclusion of the meeting of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) held on Tuesday at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat, the party leaders including Dr Ricky A Syngkon, The General Secretary and Dr Kara H Chen, Vice President, submitted a petition to the Government demanding the suspension of the recruitment while the Roster System and the Roster System have not been finalised. Reservation Policy'.
Gambling, which is illegal in many parts of the country, endangers the money and lives of people, especially youth and children, the order said.
This year, the political game of the UDP in Garo Hills is zero.
Babu Caldinus is a teacher at LP School.
Jowai, Lber 4: The West Jaintia Hills Cricket Association (WCLA) invites all teams from the district to participate in the District Cricket League
Shillong: The body of Blessingson Fancon, 3 Mer Upper Shillong, on Saturday, was found on the footpath to Wah Umjasai.
Regarding the kidnapping of Sordar Warmawsaw, MLA Jirang, said that as the Nongmihkhmat of the area, he strongly condemns the kidnapping, because when there are such kidnappings, it will shock the people and It will also affect the peace and order of the people in the area, which is also on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
In another incident, a resident of South West Khasi Hills complained that on 6th June at 12:39 pm, she received a message on her mobile phone. link and OTP (One-Time Password) in connection with the SBI Reward Point.
Awards were also distributed to the players who played well in the tournament such as the Best Goalkeeper, Best Player of the Tournament, Top Scorer, Player of the Match and Best Discipline Team.
“It is only this time that the state government has said that it is not because it does not comply with the rules,” said a statement from the state press department.
According to the OC, it was identified that the woman was a shopkeeper just to get food. He said that she used to go to the shops of people to send books on the grounds that she was a shopkeeper. She also asked for money by promising that she would return it at the time she received it, but she disappeared.
In the second half, Lawsohtun SC scored the first goal through Rohit Rasaily in the 51st minute to take three points.
The union said that the Chief Minister has called for talks with the NHAI leaders and has also held an inspection with the leaders of East Jaintia Hills in the past few days but so far nothing has happened. There is no evidence that the road has been maintained.
Regarding the nurses, the Minister said the full recruitment will take place after the announcement of the results of the ANM and GNM nurses.
He said that the Raid Nongkhrah, in 1999, had already issued the documents to prove that the Thang Briew land at 29 Mile, Pahamrioh, had been owned by the Hindu Society. to turn this place into a 'Thang Briew', for the purpose of burning the bodies, but now it is surprising that after receiving this letter stating that this place has now been longtrai by Mr. Rodney Singh, Mr. Uteshwar Singh.
She said that according to the ban, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has said that ASHAs are only volunteers who can work for only 2 years. According to the National Health Mission (NHM), ASHAs who have worked for more than 10 years will receive a golden handshake award with a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka and Through the NHM, it has been confirmed that ASHAs can work for more than 2 years.
The program will run from 17th June to 11th January.
Romans 11:25-26.
The T.30 crore has already been increased to 15% from the state and 85% from the state government and 15% of the Rs 30 crore will reach 4.5 crore.
To understand better the meaning of it, one must divide it according to the eyes of life and fly in the wings of thought to the depths of life because this word covers itself from the beginning to the end of life and to sha lyndet this life hi hi.
“This meeting is after we know that UCIL is waiting for the NOC to mine this mineral and we also know the tricks it is trying to deceive us with the ban. The Atomic Minerals Directorate (AMD) has closed down its office only to cover it up so that we don't suspect anything wrong. take" he said.
Furthermore, the status report was sent by Justice Katakey today regarding the order issued on 29th July
The Registrar of NEHU, Prof. SR Joshi and Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang (Mawlai Constituency) were the chief guests. the final team.
Speaking to media, Nonglang said the party has also sent a letter to the district administration to stop and demolish the construction under Section 133 Crpc
We hope that this will come into force immediately and the Seng will not hesitate to take other measures to ensure the rights of the residents of Sohryngkham.
He said that he has collected documents and even maps from 1835 onwards to confirm the ownership of the land that Assam has recently occupied. On the other hand, the group will appeal to the Supreme Court to cancel the MoU signed by the two Prime Ministers.
The MPYC in collaboration with the Shillong City Congress Committee was present on the occasion. , President, West Shillong BCC, Kamol Marbaniang, GS, Shillong City Congress Committee, Shri Ashit Chanda, Add.
YOU SHOULD BE CONCERNED:- This statement is very bad and very harsh and to say such things to children is very bad.
The reason for the lack of benefits is because there are no missionaries and there are many missions, said Dr Don.
More than 3000 supporters attended the event.
Those who come from Smit or Nongkrem for their needs don't have to go around Pomlakrai or Laitkor,” said Bah Lambor.
“We are also concerned that if many areas in the State are exempt from the CAA, 2019, the State will be affected by the influx of people from other States especially the State. Assam.
You don't look down on any religion.
The job descriptions are as follows –:- North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences, Shillong invites application from eligible candidates for filling up the following posts purely on short-term contract basis.
The residents of Jhalupara Village today protested against the funeral of Dr John L Sailo for fear of the spread of Covid-1
Shillong, Naitung 23: U Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the HSPDP, today announced the decisions taken by the HSPDP at the CEC held on Saturday. One of the decisions was to dissolve the HSPDP in Ri-Bhoi and East and West Jaintia, with the aim of encouraging others who want to join the party to join the party. He said that this is a strengthening of the party.
Brial Dkhar, three of her children, have lost their lives, while four others, including her husband, Ma Snial Muruh (40), have died. in the hospital, from the wild tit.
“I was afraid and didn't open the door, so I informed the Umpleng Police Station by telephone and the Police who came immediately but couldn't arrest him because he fled and on the 20th. On the 1st of this month he came to apologize to me, but I said I can't do anything because I have already filed a complaint.
There is only one thing that the rulers agree on and that is power, wealth and selfishness.
Shillong, March 02: The Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) will soon conduct a State Level Selection Trial as part of the preparations for the North East Zone Sport Climbing Competition it's long soon.
In addition, many of the families are low income and also due to lack of education.
The road is rough but you can't reach it.
The awarding ceremony was held at the Dorbar Hall of Umshaken Village where the Raid Mathan Youth Forum & Cultural Association also distributed cash prizes and certificates to the students who passed the examination. different levels.
Therefore, you young people who have fallen, stirred up, stirred up, stirred up by talking nonsense and pointing out the sins of others, please don't be proud because it is Satan who has done this to you.
This has come to light after the incumbent Minister, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has spoken about the appointment of Kong Toi as Chairperson of MSCW.
And the Pharisees said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples.
In his speech, the Minister said; “I am shocked to see and hear that KAS has been fighting for the inclusion of the Khasi language for the past 38 years, while the leaders have not seen it”.
Many times the ration distributors in East Jaintia Hills have faced the problem of shortage of ration distributed by the wholesalers even though the DC Office has issued the necessary permit. khaw in different villages.
This dance is a dance to show the uniqueness of the Khasi people.
Hamza bin Laden, 30, is a well-known terrorist, who was awarded the title in July
The final was witnessed by the Symbud Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, Deputy Chief Minister Hamletson Dohling, Additional Chief Secretary Dr P Shakil Ahammed, Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills. Hills, Secretary Sports and Youth Affairs R Sohkhlet, former MLA and former Indian player Eugeneson Lyngdoh, leaders and members of the Meghalaya Football Association and others.
Nongstoiñ, June 19: The West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) has slammed the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma, saying that the government has deceived and deceived the people of the state in relation to the peace process. to the pud of the sam.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the state government has sent an inquiry from the Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi District to investigate the whereabouts of these 41 people. Shillong have been allowed to attend the wedding ceremony in Guwahati.
“I don't think any Government in the past years has worked so hard in a short period of time.
Now it's just a collaboration,” said Bah Ardent.
A complaint was lodged by the Sub-Divisional Officer of the department, Bah Batkupar Synrem.
Iakisalanmi Lanong (41), Dashngain Dkhar (48), Seibok Tariang (49) and Hambert Dkhar (56) scored four goals each.
They said, “Jesus is the son of Joseph, we know his father and mother, why does he say, 'I came down from heaven'? John 6:42.
The Mayor is Mr. Mom Phalangki and the Secretary is Mr. Sotti Swer.
While the State has said that some if not all of the deaths were due to illness but the post mortem and other reports, according to Dr Mozika, show otherwise except for a few cases.
Marak of Garo Department, NEHU to lead for the needs of NEHU Tura Campus.
One of the greatest messages and teachings that Jesus Christ gave to the world is that “he came into the world to serve, not to be served”.
In another match, Mawpat beat Umsning United 1-0
Kheinburom seconded the motion and said that the disposal of garbage in the coal mines will improve the environment and help to bring about a clean environment in the surrounding area besides protecting human life from accidents.
“Or do you think that God made the Sabbath, or is not every other day holy? You can be involved in evil deeds on any day and go back to church on Sunday and cleanse your sins and go back on Sunday to sin again.
On the 6th, the Government has worked with the Commercial Airlines to ensure that the tickets will be purchased in the name of the residents as they can no longer purchase the tickets due to the Internet shutdown.
The National People's Party (NPP) Ranikor Block Unit on Tuesday held an emergency meeting at Mawthynrew Rangthong village to elect new office bearers and also to discuss the future activities of the party. MM Danggo, the candidate and president of the NPP, Ranikor Constituency, has left the party and joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) along with his followers for the upcoming elections. MLA from the same constituency.
However, of these many varieties of coffee, there are two varieties that are mostly grown for the purpose of making the coffee used for drinking; These two types are (1) Coffee Robusta, and (2) Coffee Arabica.
During the search, police recovered 117 bags of Ganja hidden inside the vehicle.
Six months after the Mangtyngka Dorbar, the Hon'ble High Court of Meghalaya has issued an order in relation to a Writ Petition filed last year, regarding the complaint against the preparation of the Gradation List from the promotion of officers in one of the Government departments, and which is in conflict with the Job Reservation Policy of the State; The Court was informed that there is no Roster System in the State and the Hon'ble Judges had to ask how the Reservation Policy was implemented without the Roster.
The Jaintia Dorbar was led by Woh Lowel Gatphoh (who was also the first MLA of Jaintia Hills under the New Reform), Hamilton Gatphoh, Blung Tamaha and others.
Parliament has passed the Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Bill, 2019 in November, introducing stricter rules for violators of the Act, which came into force from 1st November
A short speech was delivered by Arwotki Sumer, General Secretary, Seinraij Jowai, President Seinraij Jowai, Puramon Kynjing Daloi Jowai District in the presence of other members of Seinraij Jowai.
Destruction does not occur when pride is too high or when it is too slow and slow.
purchase of chairs, chairs, TVs, phones, internet, computers and others in government offices.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 1: The Block Development Officer of Nongstoin C&RD Block through the Cluster Coordinator, Bah CC Diengngan on Friday visited the 11 Self Help Groups (SHGs) under the C&RD Block. Mawlaisyiem village, which is on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The Times Now ETG Research estimates between 21 to 27 for the BJP and 18 to 24 for the Left.
Another match on the same day, between Shillong Cricket Association and West Jaintia Hills Cricket Association, had to be postponed due to weather conditions.
After Jesus ascended to heaven, He sent the Spirit to dwell forever in our hearts and He dwells in the Church as well as in the personal lives of believers.
Ardent said this at a public hearing of the VPP on the Reservation Policy and Roster System held at Heh Square, Mawlai Phudmuri on Tuesday.
There was also an allegation that the doctor was a close friend of Bah AL Hek.
However, as the world moves forward, these good things are expected to disappear because people do not only do evil deeds but the words they speak are no longer true. your tongue.
On the other hand, the President and Working President of the PDF, Bah Gavin Mylliem and Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh declined to comment on the decisions taken by the CEC, but said that they will inform in due course. .
The inspection of the players will be held on 16.07.2022 from 9 pm at the office of the Association at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Hall, Ladthalaboh, Jowai.
The tournament was organized by the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) under the auspices of the National Rifle Association of India.
Sources said that unidentified persons, armed with automatic rifles, opened fire on the residents of Kuki village who had no protective equipment.
The reason is that we are the most backward and remote district in the state, in fact, in the country,” said the BCF. they communicated from time to time when the demand allowed.
