What is needed is to bring about a fair and accountable business process.
She expressed the hope that due to the heavy rains in these days, the situation in the field of electricity distribution will improve.
Nadeem (39') and Vikas (44') scored four points while SAI scored three points.
Nongpoh: The office bearers of the Meghalaya People's Social Organization (MPSO) today held a special program at Ri Kanaan Hall at Umeit, Ri Bhoi District to mark the 10th Anniversary of the party. , which was established on January 31
She asked, “Who are you, why have you come here?” The young man replied, “I am a young man, my parents have left me alone with a young sister.
Chusrangky D. Sangma (13) and Chukan R. Marak (24) scored the goals.
The arrested were identified as Sudip Karmakar, 41, and Dimani Debbarma, 23, both residents of Sidhai Mohanpur in West Tripura district.
IV/18.
To drink, drink two shamoit two times a day for children who have grown up and two shamoit twice a day for children. when.
The HNLC said that other rebel groups which are still in peace with the government have been found involved in kidnapping, looting and murder while the HNLC has not been found guilty of murder. do nothing and report to the central government.
Police did not release their names because they were too young.
Tongkiad Iooksi is a village about 50 km from Jowai.
If there had been no CUET earlier, perhaps we who are older would have had the opportunity to compete for admission to higher education institutions.
The participants were divided into 5 categories, 10 teams in Team Event, 7 teams in Men's Double, 5 teams in Mixed Double, 4 teams in Men's Single, 5 teams in their category. Officer (Men's Single), and a total of 12 government departments from the district have participated.
The recruitment will be in all the forces of India, the Indian Army, the Indian Air Force and the Indian Navy.
According to the STF, both the suspects have been wanted and wanted to be arrested by the police in connection with many drug trafficking cases in Pune and Nashik districts.
Thousands of people will stand on the road when the coffin arrives in Windsor, and it is estimated that there will be about 10,000 police officers patrolling the road. back.
We will see if I can continue,” said Mondal.
Ms.Radha Yadav8.
Some of the piglets, which were distributed by the MDA government through the Rural Backyard Piggery scheme, have died within a few days of being distributed to the beneficiaries.
Sanbor and Managing Director of MTDC Cyril V Diengdoh today handed over the report of the MTDC to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, which admitted that it has received more than T.6 crore. .
Thus the fire demanded the Lei ruling (Ka Hukum) which was the shareholder and the distributor.
Bishop Basil Bhuriya, 65, of Jhabua, has become the first priest to die of COVID-19 in St. Francis. Hospital in Indore on 6th June,
He said that the state government is opposed to the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) 2019 in the state and for this reason, it has convened a special session to take a decision on the ILP. The demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state shows the responsibility of the government.
Educational Qualification:- Graduate in any discipline from any recognized University.
Warning the people to pay attention to the true intentions of the Congress, Chugh said, “It is the same party that has the Law of Asylum as part of its manifesto and They want to legalize all Bangladeshis through this Act.
Wanbiang Bang scored the first goal of the match. Rymbai Shkenshynriah beat Mookyrdup 3-1 in the first leg of the second leg.
The court directed the JHADC to send the Dolloi to conduct the election of Waheh Shnong and also quashed the order of the council appointing the Administrative Officer to look after the affairs of the village of Khliehtyshi.
Earlier, the CEM said that the last time they received this amount from the central government was in 2020-21 which is three years ago.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamlet expressed his gratitude for the release of the water tank which has been worked hard between him and the residents of Pynthor for the sake of the people who want to get water. bam you don't drink.
They have to take responsibility,” said Davis NR Marak.
The General Secretary of AMC&SA, Bah BL Nongbri, said that after meeting with the CS, the AMC&SA leaders have explained the price of dewbilat produced from the state but it has been fixed according to the market price from Assam. bym fits faithfully.
In an interview with Kong Nonglait, it was understood that her support for Bah Paul is because she wants to be a ksiang to restore understanding between the ethnic parties after the elections. I'm not sure.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, today informed the Legislative Assembly that the India-Bangladesh border area in Dhubri district is the most dangerous area in terms of illegal activities, including cattle smuggling.
“While I was returning from my father's funeral, my car was shot by two men on a motorcycle.
Members of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of its President, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang today conducted a surprise inspection to find out the facts.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), has denied the allegation by Bah Disparsing Rani that the NPP has set up its office without permission from the relevant departments. look.
It means “To act firmly against those who harm the environment”.
Their fear of the coming of the body is because they cannot sleep.
This article was launched on 14th November
The Gibeonites themselves went to propose a treaty with the Israelites on the grounds that they were a nation from a distant land.
“Let me go with you.
Shangpliang said that if the strike of the drivers continues for a long time, it will cause losses to the farmers as they have to rely on commercial vehicles to buy their produce.
At the meeting, it was also decided to demand for a freight railway to reach Shillong and this is on the decision of the Government of India to extend railway to all the cities of the North East.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Staising Kharbteng as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Kyrmen Rani, Sordar of Sohpian, leaders of the Seng Samla Kur Hynniewta, Lempluh and the residents of the area.
In his book Tipbriew Tipblei, Rev Dr Iarington Kharkongngor writes: “Righteousness is something that God has created, it is pure, good and true.
The curfew will not affect police personnel, soldiers, fire trucks, doctors or hospital workers, bank workers, PWD employees, Employees of Shillong Municipal and Cantonment, food distributors, food shops such as rice shops, petrol pumps, cylinder shops and pharmacies.
Mawmluh is one of the villages in Sohra and is about 60 KM from Shillong.
Pynbhalang Mylliemngap was elected as president, vice president Justmanwell Jyrwa, general secretary Elphibius Marbaniang, asst gen Phrangly Buhphang, education secretary Ricky Marbaniang, asst secretary education Westerwell Lyngba, organ secretary Donboklang Rynjah. Lumlang Marbaniang, Sports Secretary Jistper Lyngba, Assistant Sports Secretary Shaidorlang Khongwir and members.
If once the response of good to evil is like a sword, one day good will triumph over evil and this will bring about change.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of India has issued an order that the Assam Rifles must leave Aizawl before 31st June 2019 and these two issues have been accepted by the Assam Rifles. the whole house.
We have many great thinkers or intellectuals, who are great from knowledge to understanding, but who do not yet have the foundation of truth.
The SP said that on 7th November 2021, the ANTF together with Madanryting Police conducted a raid and seized 101 boxes of soap out of which 66 boxes were seized. soap was packed inside a purple bag and 35 boxes of soap were packed in a paper box.
Two persons have been arrested in Iongnoh village, West Jaintia Hills District.
On this occasion, the President of the union, Mr. Newoneborn Suchiang, said that many of the patients have suffered from the CHC due to the lack of a doctor in charge of the CHC. The Doctor i/c is currently on leave and all the work has to be looked after by the Staff Nurse of the hospital.
He said that the government has not given the same share of benefits as allocated in the rules of procedure of the factories to the farmers, because it is impossible to separate the country's agriculture from the factories. The Government has provided full support to the farmers in the state.
It was also alleged that the transfer to the companies is one of the intentions of someone to benefit the private sector.
Jowai: The students of Kiang Nangbah Government College have expressed their concern over the increase in the price of their examination fees.
Tomorrow, there will be heavy rainfall in many parts of the state.
Then they will look at it and in just 10 months all the departments will collect more money,” said the father and mother.
God, on the other hand, created the earth in this way according to the above words.
Sometimes instead of returning with joy with name, honor, skills and clothes, they have to return with a coffin.
Let us also take pleasure in reading, those things which are for us to learn to read, for reading is the foundation of knowledge and understanding.
In 2023 alone, she has helped give birth to nearly 80 mothers.
We understand that urban areas are big and densely populated yet, we cannot say how big an urban area should be.
Martle Mukhim from the HSPDP and Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong from the PDF.
There are only 3 water tanks and the residents have to struggle to get them soon because the water is gradually decreasing especially during the dry season.
The two climbers who were selected to take part in the training in Darjeeling are Valarie Suchiang from Shangpung and Rilang Dkhar from Umshaken.
These include EGH: 7, EJH: 6, EKH: 444, NGH: 14, RBD: 74, SGH: 5, SWGH: 6, SWKH: 29, WGH: 103, WJH: 30 and WKH:
Bevan joined the BJP in November 2022 but said he had to leave because the party has not been able to provide him with any job to serve the state and the nation until he make the decision to leave altogether.
The President of the HNYF said that in the past three or four months before entering the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Pynursla has written a sign on the bar where the gym is working today.
Regarding the High Level's complaint, the Deputy Chief Minister said that he has always asked to lodge an FIR against the High Level so that the government can take action but no one has lodged an FIR. yet.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titos W Chyne on Tuesday expressed his surprise over the change in the issue of resettlement of the Harijans from Mawlong Market to the issue of discrimination. These people who live in this area are being discriminated against.
Justice Singh said there was no indication in the bail grant of July 24 and May 8 to look at the evidence obtained by the judge against the accused and there was no reason to grant bail. according to the available evidence.
Nongpoh: Although it is not common these days, that the villages have the Bamkhana Shnong which is also used as a New Year celebration or to hold welfare programs all night in the morning, through dramas. , the Shad, Mastieh and Put ka Tem, but what is the example shown by the Dorbar Shnong Patharkhmah and the Seng Samla Shnong Patharkhmah is commendable, because until these days they are still showing what which was done by the ancient.
A source, obtained by Rupang, said that the smuggling of drugs may have been intentional or done for some reason which the relevant department knows better. this.
Sacheti explains that all these things depend on the will of the strong, if there is a will, it can be done.
“We the VPP leaders have come to encourage and whatever we can do we will do, but we have not come to promise because we are not leaders who like to promise.
The Congress party also sought clarification whether the government will disclose the names of people, shops or schools who have deposited T.25 lakh in their accounts.
The BJP has formed the NDA by joining forces with the opposition parties to the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) in recent years. The North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) was formed.
He said that after the investigation by the Investigation Officer (IO) into the case of Laitumkhrah Police Station, the DSP (crime) was appointed again. you still need others.
The elders of the woman, when they heard the preaching in the shops and on the street, had to ask the woman.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The UDP Mylliem Constituency Women's Wing (UDP) Mylliem Constituency Women's Wing (UDP) has announced that it will hold an award ceremony for all the students living within the border of Mylliem Constituency from Lawsohtun to Mylliem and Mawreng. 1st Division of SSLC, ICSE, CBSE Exam
There were no BSF personnel on duty in the incident and one of the Indians sustained minor injuries.
David Laitphlang, President of the Shillong Press Club, was the chief guest.
The Meghalaya State Women's Commission (MWC) has become vacant without a chairperson after the resignation of Phidalia Toi.
On the occasion, Bah Hek expressed his gratitude to Nadda for the allocation of T.189 crore to Tura Medical College and requested to accept the new allocation which has reached T.189 crore. Rs.244 crore.
This new group stands on the foundation of righteousness, truth and freedom, shapes and reshapes people's lives, heals and renews the body, soul and mind.
If what is said here is wrong, the elders of the Khasi people from the Pnar region should explain whether the name Jaintia is new or whether it was taken from the slaves. from Bengal, as it was done by our ancestors and as it appears from the temple at Nartiang.
The training will be held on the second and third days of the ITM on the 4th and 5th of November.
He said that up to 13 cases were closely related during the elections and three others after the elections.
She also expressed her gratitude to the trainers, and that she has received many benefits in terms of speaking, storytelling, thinking and others.
The $500 million approved earlier will be for Budget Support and the $200 million approved later will be for Welfare Support. in 2 parts.
It was on the basis of all these factors that Pa'iem Tirot Singh and other Khasi kingdoms decided to fight against the foreign government.
The forests have also been destroyed, because the forests have been destroyed by shyrti and the timber supply has already been exported.
“If the Congress alleges that the MDA has not done anything on the border issue, let us go back to the past. The Congress government in Assam has been elected.
Nongstoiñ, July 23: The District Sports Officer in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner's Office and the District Sports Promotion Society West Khasi Hills, have organized the Meghalaya Day Run The 10 kilometer race on Saturday, as a sign of the celebration of Meghalaya Day, was attended by 190 men and 101 women from nearby and I'm from Nongstoiñ.
After that, the Symbood Khnong and Khnong Blai arrived where the children of Niamtre came down to knieh and knieh and believed to get health and prosperity.
During the investigation, it was found that the gold was smuggled from the Indo-Bangladesh border.
The new office bearers of the ASHAs include President Mera Khynriem, Vice President Korimai Pohthmi, Secretary Jecinta Pohtam and others.
“The top leaders of the BJP, the BJP leaders in charge of the North East and the Chief Minister of Assam Dr Himanta Biswa Sarma will discuss with which parties we will work together to create the the government,” said Bah Sanbor.
1250 parking spaces will be constructed in Shillong, 100 in Jowai and 150 in Tura at a cost of Rs 150 crore.
He said that from the beginning there were many problems in the management of the work but among them as leaders they did not back down because as the motto of the party says, “Tylli, Trei Hok bad Kiew Shaphrang ".
He said that the presence of factories does not bring any benefit to the community due to the lack of proper policies for employment.
Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Border Disputes Redressal Forum (HBDRF) Chandame Sungoh said that the incident at Lumpalang in Mukroh where five residents of Mukroh and a forest guard were shot dead by Assam was a forest guard. which is the border of Assam.
This is the second time that KSU Shangpung will award the students and urges all the students of the unit to register by 6th July
The KHNAM youth leader said that all this is due to the government's inability to introduce proper policies in the tourism industry. “We don't see any policies that the government will introduce. Except for the festival policies, billions of rupees are spent on the festival. Who else benefits from this festival? Our citizens and drivers don't benefit at all. “It's a good idea to look at the income of Assam vehicles,” he said.
The State Government has agreed to expand the area to accommodate the residents of Them Metor when they are relocated.
Speaking to Rupang, the President of the Seng Khasi Mylliem, Bah Arwal Rynjah, said that the eit has two places and has been recognized as an eit rangbah. He said that the robbers had broken three doors of the house while the main door was not open because it was made of wood. .
Indeed, in these decades there has been a strong opposition and protest against the mining of uranium in Hynniewtrep.
This was achieved after beating Challenger FT Academy 6-0 on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
In a statement sent by SN Suchen, President KSU Khliehriat Circle, KSU said, “We cannot help but express our deep gratitude to the Lord who has been with us.
“On the other hand, Prestone, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that he has no knowledge of the rumors that there is a pressure to give MP ticket to the former Minister. Shillong seat.
Other programs on the occasion included the Pliang Shad of the Jaintia, the Mastieh of the Khasi, the Wangala of the Garos, the Jhumur of the Aadivasis, the Cheraw of the Mizos, the Mamita of the Reangs, the Ememei Dado of the Maos. , the Sawlakia of the Maras and the Lagre of the Santhals.
Like Daniel in the Bible story, these children are happy and proud.
As one of the candidates for the 2023 Meghalaya Legislative Assembly elections from this constituency, Bah L. Michael Kharsyntiew has visited the Jail Road Police Reserve.
Roy, Anil Kharmuti (24), Manoj Kr.
Therefore, the organization invites all sports fans to take part in this marathon, whether they are near or far.
The Congress government has no concern for the plight of the people under the rule of Dr Mukul Sangma and the people will give the answer in the upcoming elections.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 19: Ka Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun last month had the opportunity to distribute rice chickens to the residents of Mawlai who earn their living by this activity.
Some of the residents who went to eat at the restaurant suspected that it was the pork they ate which may have been bad because those who got sick were only those who ate pork while others were free.
Nongpoh: Two persons were killed and another seriously injured when a truck overturned at two places on the NH-6, which happened on Saturday night at 8 pm. I'm going to Shangbangla.
It is to be recalled that Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, another candidate from the BJP, has decided to contest as an independent candidate.
The speech of the BJP leader in charge here in Meghalaya will strengthen the party which is still struggling in the state.
The program was conducted by the District Education Department at Pdengshakap Village, Amlarem Sub-Division in collaboration with the Border Areas Development Department.
Christmas has arrived: as soon as the month of December comes, children and young people who know God are happy because they will be able to celebrate Christmas which is the day to commemorate the incarnation of Jesus Christ. world.
In this regard, the Draft Photo Roll will be issued on 09-11-2022 at the office of the Election Registration Officer, Amlarem Sub-Division and through the Booth Levels. Officers (BLOs) at Polling Stations.
“Related areas such as insurance, payments, health benefits, accident insurance have been promised by all the companies who want to take over the operation of
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma together with the Minister of Agriculture, Dr M.Am Pareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited the production programme. Phan, at the Bio Resources Development Center (BRDC) in Upper Shillong.
He also urged the people to take good care of these cemeteries once they are completed, so that the NEC can implement more development schemes in the area.
The affected farmers will no longer be able to compensate for their losses.
The company has invested Rs 20 crore to market the drug in India and expects to generate revenue of Rs 100 crore for Tinefconkat by
Chandigarh: Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh has issued a warning to a BJP chief's house in Hoshiarpur on Tuesday. to those who take the law into their own hands.
Those who pass this examination will also be included in the Marksheet and Certificate of Passed Under Compartmental.
Besides these three candidates, the party has also announced other candidates from Nongpoh, Jirang, Pynwanbor Sylliang from Mawlai and Laban-Mawprem. Banri Kupar Wahlang from Sohryngkham, Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Lyngkyrdem, Samson Suting from Ummulong, Lakhon Paulus Sungoh from Shylliang-Myntong, Hederson Symbai and Khliehriat from Nartiang. Brace Dkhar.
Police from Dawki said that the body of the man from Shnongpdeng, West Jaintia Hills, was first found by Bangladeshis.
Referring to the formation of the government, Conrad said they are clear on what is best for the state and the people and what is best to ensure that they can provide a strong government. at that time they will take a decision and move forward.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Saturday called on the people to bring about change in 2023 by not allowing the MDA government to come back in 2023 power.
Pope Francis has received the resignation letter of Cardinal Toppo as Archbishop of Ranchi on July 24,
The Archery Association of Meghalaya (AAM) in collaboration with the Archery Association of India (AAI) launched the 2NTPC National Ranking Archery Tournament (NRAT)-2023 on Tuesday. ha Sports Authority of India, Training Center, Shillong.
The earth is also the foundation for us humans.
“It is time to gather all the evidence at the National Law Commission to show the grounds under the Sixth Schedule to oppose the UCC to protect our identity,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
He said that at this meeting there was a microphone competition to speak and about 19 of his supporters gave speeches and 14 supporters of Ma Lakhon Biam took part in the speech but nothing happened. “In the dorbar, I suggested to the village leaders that if they want to get only one candidate from this village, they should hold an election. The candidate who wins the election shall decide only on the winner.
Police said they have received a complaint on the incident but no complaint has been lodged against him.
On the other hand, the JYF has also met with the SP of East Jaintia Hill, S Thamar and requested him to take action on this issue.
In a statement, the Publicity Secretary of the Dorbar Elaka, Bah Moonlight Daw, said that after the JHADC has postponed the election for the election of Dolloi in the Elaka, the Elaka has also met with the Dorbar Elaka. CEM of JHADC T. Shiwat said that within 45 days the High Court will summon both the parties.
Therefore, he accused the present government of living only to collect and does not care whether they are poor or rich.
Besides not allowing Khasi youth to go for training at this place, besides it is also a place which has been illegally built without providing the necessary documents. “It is necessary to provide the necessary documents within Shitaiew, otherwise we will take stronger measures,” he said.
Sangma said one of the decisions taken today is to close the gates where those who enter the state besides the syrnot who have already been given Tika twice; Those who enter the state will also have to provide a 72 hour Covid test result and if they do not have it they will have to be tested at these entry gates.
The curfew will remain in force until 31st November
Shillong, July 8: Police have recovered the body of a man who is said to be mentally retarded on the 7th of this month. Olimot Kharsyntiew, 45 years old.
This happened on the 3rd of this month at 11.30 pm at Tuberkmaishnong.
By Sannio SiangshaiJowai, 17 Jymmang: Ngap farming is a profitable occupation for increasing the income of the family especially in these days of unemployment.
Referring to the agriculture, the farmers of the area said that their income is no longer as high as it used to be. The price of their products has also varied greatly and if they sell according to the price of their products, no one is willing to buy, but they have to sell only to escape. from breaking in case of damage and loss of crops.
I left the United Democratic Party (UDP) because I don't have a foundation.
The book was launched at the awarding ceremony for the students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations at Moolamylliang UP School.
All the MLA schemes have already been distributed to the public from 2018 to 2022 and the remaining schemes are only for the year 2022 to November 2022.
The robbers were arrested by the residents and reportedly shot and three of them were seriously injured, including I Love You.
On the same day, T.1.05 crore was released to Village Organizations under the Community Investment Fund and T.60,98,595 under the Payment for Ecosystem Services.
“I just took a plate to eat and I remembered Bah Ardent and I couldn't stay at home anymore but I had to come and see Bah Ardent with my four month old and 4 year old child because nobody looks after them,” said a woman from Umpling.
He added that the meeting also decided that until the issue of teachers can be resolved, from today (the day of submission), all teachers (SSA, Government, non- Government, Deficit, Adhoc) within the district have stopped using these 2 Apps.
Donboklang Lyngdoh of Rangdajied United FC scored the fastest goal of the season in the first minute of the match, but despite the fierce play and chances, the match ended 1-0 0 until the end.
Hek said that the search for 87 High Risk Contacts and the driver of the army vehicle is ongoing. tested positive for Covid-19 on the first day of the month.
Youths from different parishes came to the venue of the Youth Convention.
This is because they are suspected of having joined another political party called the Jaintia National Union (JNU) which has come to form a unit circle there.
Don't believe only what you hear.
The awards include Certificates of Commendation and cash prizes.
The Governor urged the youth to follow his example in life, mindset and example of the great men and women who made India great.
Indeed, we can say that here in our country this kind of work is not public that people earn through this kind of work.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held in the presence of the Chief Guest, BS Sohliya, CD Lyngwa, Director Social Welfare Department, JSynnah, DSP WC Lyngdoh, DSP WC Lyngdoh, Director Social Welfare Department. SURE Secretary HH Mohrmen, Dr AN Paswet, staff of the Halfway Home and others.
“You know that this demand has been a long standing demand for the people of Tura and Garo as a whole and this demand reminds us of the past when there was an agreement between the leaders of the state, Khasi, Garo. and Jaintia during the state struggle to make Tura one of the capitals of Meghalaya from April to October and Shillong from June to November.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, Nongpoh Circle on Thursday met with the SDO of MeECL in Nongpoh area to express their concern over the increasing power outages in Nongpoh area. , Nongpoh to seek clarification on this issue.
The High Court of Meghalaya on November 19 has ordered the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Director General of Police to immediately dismiss the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District and appoint a replacement. pat a suitable officer in his place.
Speaking on the role of Space Technology in the development of the North East, Dr SP Aggarwal, Director, NESAC spoke about the efforts of the Indian Space Research Organization to transform the North East. India to one of the leading countries in these fields.
According to Khasi dictionaries, the word holy or righteous means righteous, righteous people.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle today held a meeting with the Elaka Officers and Village Officers convened by the Sub Divisional Officer (Civil), Kong JU Kharpuri regarding the entry of foreigners into the country. Electoral Roll under 7 – Amlarem Constituency.
This teaching of superiority of religion over others is wrong, because no religion teaches to hate others but to teach goodness.
The PDF has 16 MDCs including UDP 3 MDCs, KHNAM 2 MDCs, 10 independent MDCs and Bah Pynshngain who has been suspended from the party out of 23 members.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that the body of a man, believed to be 40 to 45 years old, has been recovered from the body of a man. and having a height of 5.5 feet.
Speaking to media, Mayral Born Syiem, Member of the Committee, said that according to the directives from the Central Government, those who have ration cards will have to link them with Adhaar. Card and this is valid until 31st November
It is to be recalled that the KHADC has suspended Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai and appointed Bah Pillarstone Syiem Nongshai as the Acting Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship. The court has decided to appoint Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai as the Sirdar of the Nongpoh Sirdarship on the grounds that his complaint has no grounds.
You cannot work in a foreign state without having to pay for a month (three months, three months and ten years).
Have the Syiem of Mylliem and Syiem of Raid Marwet ever lodged a complaint and asked the Government of Meghalaya to do the same?
Not only one Roster, but twoThere is also another issue regarding the OM of 10th June 2022, which many people may not know; that this OM provides for not only one Roster System, but two.
Meghalaya falls under Seismic Zone-V, one of the earthquake routes and the construction of this is essential.
“There is an opportunity to talk to bring about mutual understanding and bring about peace,” Sangma said.
The MCTA took this decision at an emergency online meeting of the Executive Committee held on the evening of 29th November.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 8255 and the death toll has risen to 524 after 12 deaths on Friday.
The UDP and HSPDP on Saturday held a meeting with the office bearers of the two parties from Mawkynrew, Nongkrem and Mawryngkneng constituencies in Smit, to prepare for the MP elections. Lok Sabha and Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
“PA Sangma's contributions to paving a new path in the working methods of Parliament and public administration are invaluable.
According to a report released by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and the Meghalaya Election Watch (MEW), 186 (50%) of the 375 candidates have affidavits.
They said that they were stoned when they returned to Lamin last night and when they got out of their vehicle, they were taken away by the robbers. He was stabbed in the neck, while another was stabbed in the arm.
The Minister took note of the shortage of vaccines in Nagaland and Manipur and directed the officers of the Union Health Department to resolve these issues within a reasonable time. fine.
Leaders of the States and Departments of the Seng Khasi and Seiñraij Leaders attended the ceremony.
After the incident, a youth from Nongma Market in Langpih area on Saturday night was arrested by the Assam Police. He was taken to Boko Assam and the reason for his arrest is still unknown at the time of writing.
He said that the KSU does not want to happen like what happened in Mukroh and it is time for them to show their actions and if anything unfortunate happens the Meghalaya and Assam governments will have to. The Assam Police will not be able to take ownership of the land which is still under settlement and if the Khasi people themselves are still being threatened to be attacked by the Assam Police, the Assam Police will not be able to take ownership of the land. “The KSU will not take any steps,” he said.
The Union of Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers (MUPSTA) Central Body will hold a meeting of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) on 08.12.2021 at New Hope Restaurant, Dhankheti, Shillong at 11 am.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong Academy beat Mohammedan Sporting Club 1-0 in the final round of the Group B U-13 Youth League at the Howrah Stadium in Kolkata today.
The traders and owners of coal mines have appealed to the High Court on the issue of paying the tax within 14 days as stipulated by the Committee set up by the NGT , headed by Additional Chief Secretary KS Kropha and Principal Secretary MS Rao.
The role of the coal industry in India's electricity supply is huge.
Two persons from Barpeta district of Assam have been arrested in this incident, said the SP. Saikia said that the vehicle was coming from Manipur and the investigation into the incident is ongoing. proceed to find out where they intend to deliver the drug.
Police said that the 12 houses that were destroyed in the fire belonged to 12 people including the house of Bah Purno Marak which has one house. Lowel Nongbri with 3 shops, Debina Mawsor with 10 shops, Bithurson Marak with 10 shops, Theirisa Nongbri with 1 shop, Nocheni Sangma with 1 shop, Risen Mawsor with 1 shop, Arpan R Marak one, Shanbor Nongbri with six shops, Paren Marak with one shop, Gohe Momin with one shop and Hores Sangma with another.
In the evening, which was the last part of the Sukra festival, there was a dance at Mynkoi Pyrdi, Loompyrdi, Ïongpiah.
However, the sudden arrest of a member of the party from North Khasi Hills, shows that the government intends to use force against the members of the party, when they demand any rights of the Khasi people.
VPP MLA from North-Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum has urged the State Government to set up a team of inquiry into the incident which happened at NEIGRIHMS on Sunday which led to the death of a youth.
Speaking to reporters, Lambor said, “The Congress has come to overthrow the government but we don't accept it.
Besides the ANVC-B and HNLC camps, other camps of rebel groups include the camps of the United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA), the NDFB of Assam, the PLA and Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup (KYKL) of Manipur, NSCN (IM) of Nagaland and Tripura's National Liberation Front (NLFT), BSF officials said. the barren forests of the Bangladesh border areas where there were no BGB patrols.
The SAD has decided to conduct an inquiry into the theft of computer equipment inside the Secretariat.
Speaking to this reporter, all these shopkeepers complained about the decline in the market this year and said that every year at these times the market has been very high and the market has started from midnight. but this year the market is still slow.
Out of the 14 Lok Sabha seats, the BJP has already won nine constituencies, the AIUDF and the Congress three each and an independent MP from Kokrajhar, Nara Sarania.
The meeting was attended by SP Traffic D Aswaghosh IPS, Executive Engineer FS Chyne, officers from Laban Police Station, Rilong Beat House and office bearers of various Dorbar Shnongs.
Wanmi Kyndait scored the third goal in the 46th minute.
All three have been charged under the strict provisions of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act which cannot be released on bail, which allows the police to conduct the investigation.
The Government has been wasting and misusing the money of the people, by appointing its own people just to stay in power by appointing people who have connections. The appointment of Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Adviser, Consultant and the appointment of retired officers as Officers on Special Duty in the commission, corporations committees various departments in the payment of high salaries and other monthly benefits (salaries allowances and other perks) all this is only for political benefits not For the people, this is just a ploy to benefit those in power just to stay in power and escape the government.
Through the findings of these 239 scientists, the World Health Organization (WHO) will have to investigate the cause of the disease and if so, it will have to issue a law that people They have to cover their mouths even when they are at home, according to the New York Times, and the placement of masks in schools, health centers and homes will have to be filtered. , that only air, without debris, would circulate.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Madhukar Gupta, Chairman of the National Security Council (NSCS), Dr Mukul said, “We have conveyed to the Central Government the need to open 24 border markets in Meghalaya, including 2 which have already been allocated and two more which are awaiting allocation, while the others are awaiting the review of the central government.
The support offered through FOCUS, YESS Meghalaya will reach the beneficiaries through Family ID,” he said.
They immediately informed the Rangbah Shnong who informed the Mawryngkneng Police Station.
If the Congress MP is involved in the ILP issue, the NDA government, which hates the Congress, is not happy for the Congress MP to lead the 60 MLAs to Delhi.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of the Tympang Club, Edelweiss Rogers Dkhar.
For more information, please call 7005666802, 9863043885,
According to the Principal Secretary Home KS Kropha, 38% of the government employees who came to work in the state have reached 38% while in East Khasi Hills only 30%. and in West Khasi Hills, only 38% are unemployed.
However, it is not enough to proclaim, we need to investigate their work, to know, to sympathize, to sympathize with their problems and to fight with them for their rights.
Hamjhan Dkhar in his speech said that the Kur Dkhar in Jaintia Hills was established in 1999 on the basis of bringing mutual recognition, love, unity and brotherhood from one village to another. Shnong and also to participate in the khia ka shon and other needs of the Kur.
If the people understand these aspects, that will be enough and safe.
The NOTA symbol is printed on the NOTA Panel.
The festival was inaugurated by Bah P. Syiemlieh, President of the Western Border Association Shillong.
Shillong, October 27: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has submitted a budget of T.15,24,82,406 for the three months from 1st June to 1st July. 2014 for the expenditure of funds for the Council.
Development Works of Jowai Furthermore, as the leader of the constituency, Shylla also informed about many of the works he has done for the development of the constituency such as the Beautification of Jowai Town or to transform the city. Jowai said that a tender has been called for this project at a cost of 12 crore 36 lakh tyngka.
At present, about 15 lakh people use and speak the Khasi language, from nursery A-B to higher education.
This is according to a statement by Samla SS Niangti.
Langsning Greenergy Lions beat Kickstart Rhinos, Mawlatbah SC Hawks beat ENE Falcons and Little Star Clouded Leopards beat Unified Gorkha Gators.
“The troops are still on patrol at the LOC at Chakandabad in Poonch area as usual and have reached a distance of about 300 m between Cheeta and Begum post where they have been allowed to leave. sunreit kuli,” said the SPP, who said that there were also residents who heard the gunfire and the shooting which lasted for about two hours.
While the police were driving in their vehicles, the robbers opened fire on the police and the police responded. In the shooting, the Wali was killed while the others escaped. .
It is an example in showing to the world that this people has its own larity and the Behdeiñkhlam religion is also an example of the unity of the Pnar people in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
“Besides manufacturing IEDs, the GNLA also manufactures remotely explosive weapons,” said the DGP. Constable Arphius Khymdeit died on arrival at Tura Civil Hospital, the driver Lembartu Suchiang died while undergoing treatment while the officer in-charge of Rongram PS Rahul died while undergoing treatment. Marak died of his injuries at a hospital in Guwahati on Saturday.
“Some of the Dorbar Shnongs have already decided to elect leaders and have been warned to withdraw the assistance to those who oppose the decision of the Dorbar Shnong,” said a woman from Jowai constituency.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 22: Rambrai is a well-known village which is close to Nongstoin which is the headquarters of West Khasi Hills District. Rambrai, Lawdibah, Umsiej, Nongkroh, Umjaut and other villages.
Shillong, Naitung 15: A delegation from the Federation of Khasi States (FK) has met with Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, MDC & MLA, Chief Executive Member. , and Bah L Blah, EM I/C Elaka, Bah Neil Antonio War, MDC, EM I/C Planning etc., today 15th November, at the office of KHADC today. The CEM said that the bill was introduced in the Council Session recently and after the discussion, the KHADC has decided to send the bill to the select committee. The committee was chaired by Bah L Blah, Executive Member I/c Elaka including four MDCs. They will send the dorkhar of the Chief Executive Members to the committee for consideration. The Federation of Khasi States, and the Select Committee is empowered to invite or add any members it deems necessary.
The MHRC has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary Y. Tsering through its Chairman Dr Justice Aftab Hussain Saikia and PJP member Hanaman to expedite the formation of a commission of inquiry.
These are the incidents which have caused the PWD department to fail in its work, where the roads do not last but only temporarily or only for a few years.
During the British rule, due to various circumstances, some of the Hima Khasi were established as Khasi states and some were converted into British Areas.
“Because from Delhi they are still crowded, I don't want to discourage or encourage the people.
The JNC, after consultation with the MLA of the area, has also sent a set of demands which it has demanded to be implemented immediately so that it can promote development works in the area.
He said the delay in taking land for the construction of the exits and entrances is due to the fact that the government has to follow strict rules but nevertheless the work has progressed.
The incident happened at 10 pm in Dulongnar, when a Scoty (AS-17F-1024) collided with a truck. The passenger of the scooty died on the spot and the driver was injured.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 03: The Nonglang Pungsier Social Cultural Youth Club, on Tuesday concluded the Football Tournament held at Nonglang Village Ground.
Nongstoin: The filing of nomination papers for the upcoming elections to the West Khasi Hills District Council (WKHDC) has started yesterday. Register with the Returning Officer at the DC office in Nongstoiñ.
The order issued by the DC's Executive Committee will come into force from July 5 to clear Khyndailad and Motphran as they are overcrowded.
Going to church without compassion for others is useless.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hamletson Dohling said that this is not the first time that he has visited Langpih, because in the past he used to visit Langpih as another person. He said that he has returned as a Minister of State to visit Langpih area and said that his visit to Langpih on that day did not have any incident. He said he wanted to come because the blood of four brothers and sisters who shed their blood in 2010 is in him as a leader. .
On the other hand, the Synod requests everyone to remember in their prayers for the school and the students.
The school was completed by the Chief Executive Officer through Arwan Phadong (14).
“We expect that all the Block in the State and also the Sub Divisions will get optical fibre connections,” he added.
After receiving the names of these robbers, the Ri Bhoi Police in collaboration with the Assam Police, today went to search for the names and full address of these robbers, in order to arrest them. he is a thief.
“We have decided that all the employees of GHADC, from EMs to peons, will work for 10 days to paint the GHADC office, which is part of the contribution due to the lack of funds of the Council,” he said.
NPP tniak I don't want to stay in Delhi standard and the whole party is still the NPP.
It is only when it is seen in the media that it has been done by the people in the form of the “Voice of the People”.
Nongpoh: A truck (NL 01 AC-4992) owned by Sagir Alam of Jorobat, Assam and driven by Bah Welbert Son Syiem, resident of Iewmawlong, has collided with another truck. shortly after it was attacked and attempted to burn by several unidentified persons.
After the recommendation of the Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka to convert the patta to the LHC at Khlieh Lamanang, the Namdong A Dorbar Shnong has decided to use the land as usual and urged the vendors. land in that area where they shall not enter the boundary or land of the village.
Nongpoh, July 05: Even after the government and district authorities have banned the mining of shyiap which causes damage to the environment, many shyiap trucks are still passing through Warmawsaw, Mawdem area. They also destroyed the roads and paths and put the people in danger.
Tiger was last seen in Student Of The Year 2 and will soon be seen in Baaghi 3 with Hrithik Roshan.
Police together with the owner have tried to search for the vehicle but have not been found yet.
The Federation will hold another protest on 19th November 2019, while the Government has not listened to their demands.
“Before Christmas I'll buy a leather jacket,” said the son in front of his parents. “How come instead of buying it first, such a plan came up,” said the mother in a loud voice. .
Speaking to media, KSU Laban Circle President Rueben Najair said that the KSU has demanded from the government to expel these foreigners but they have not done anything yet.
When asked whether the money power is working in the constituency, Bah Hamlet said that this is just a joke because in the end it is the people of the constituency who elect this person.
Shillong: U Justice Kharbasanti, CPI candidate, has two bank loans, one with Indus Bank, worth T.90,000 for the purchase of a car and another which he did not disclose to the Indus Bank. The affidavit was T.2.5 lakh from the Rural Bank, Nongrah.
In a letter sent to the CEM, the JSM has demanded that the JHADC should set up an office in Khliehriat to provide convenience to the people and that the MDCs should come once a month so that the people can easily travel to Jowai to complete their work. office Jowai.
The death of Dr Donkupar has left the UDP with a shortage of MLAs from seven to six.
The ITLF said five people had been abducted but the authorities did not confirm this until Sunday evening.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), has indicated that there may be a change in the political situation. 8 January, 2023.
The UN has strongly condemned the Islamist attack on 37 civilians in the Nigerian village of Mukdolo.
Andrew is the 26th CEM of JHADC and the youngest CEM to hold the post of JHADC. He is the son of Doctor JN Shullai, a nurse and volunteer.
The influx of tourists to the city is not limited to ten days, months and months.
In the past, in cases of violence against women, the statements of the victims had to be written by hand and this opened the way for fraud.
This is the last session of the Rajya Sabha before the end of the Lok Sabha term, which has seen the MP elections.
After being informed of the arrest, one of the employees of the Wildlife Department, Bah H.Budnah, Bah Debesiekimin Khonglah, came to take over.
Shillong: U MLA of Mawphlang, Bah SK Sunn, on Tuesday said that as an MDC, he will not accept the letters brought by the Chairman because they are forged by the CEM. Assam's courage to cross the border into Meghalaya while Meghalaya appears to be silent.
“After consultation, we have found that many of the textbooks used in the MBOSE especially in relation to the standard of subjects, such as science, English and mathematics, these textbooks are not according to the standard. “At present, in order to improve in all subjects, we have taken this decision,” said the CM. to 11 textbooks, but under NCERT there are only four books.
Employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) today sprayed disinfectant around the crowded places during the closure of all markets and shops to fight against the chain of coronavirus. .
However, you have received an X+ (Plus) while I have received an X- (minus).
On the evening of the 14th, vehicles were banned from Mynthong Road through DC Point/Chutwakhu-Jrisalein and Jowai-Amlarem Road as the Niamtre faithful will perform the Datlawakor Lehniam.
The deadline for registration of players will be on 20.6.22 in the presence of the Hon. General Secretary WJDSA. First at the indoor hall of the Seinraij, Tpeppale.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has acknowledged that the government has implemented a reservation policy in the field of education for higher education such as engineers, doctors and others. The seats of the State Government have been implemented under the Reservation Policy which is illegal.
Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District Raja Brahma was also present as the chief guest. Nongpoh Town Committee Secretary, Rangbah Shnong including teachers and children of Iewmawlong School.
However, we will see that after the result.
He also saw the problems of the people in terms of roads and water supply.
The 125-year-old Assembly building collapsed in 2001 and the state has not had its own Assembly building since.
Political parties including the BJP, Congress, NPF and NDPP have announced that they will contest the elections to be held on 27th June
The group urged the parties in the case whether it is the government, journalists and the private sector to apply to the Supreme Court to overturn the decision of the High Court.
He said there have been incidents of machine malfunctions especially related to VVPATs.
Vehicles will start from 6:30 pm from Happy Valley via Madanrting, Nongthymmai, St. Edmunds, Dhankheti, Barik, IGP to Polo Ground, Rynjah via Pohkseh, Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah. , IGP to Mawlai Thangkhiew Petrol Pump via Mawdatbaki, Mawlai Mawroh, Golflinks to Polo Ground, Mawprem Kyrbom to District Council Point, Motphran, Police Bazar to Polo Ground, Laban via Last Stop, Bishnu Trace, Kench , IGP to Polo Ground, Nongmensong via Demseiniong to Polo Ground, Jaiaw Mawbynna to Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Umsohsun, Police Bazar to Polo Ground, Umlyngka to Kynton 3rd Mile, Rhino Point, IGP to Polo Ground, 7 mer Upper Shillong via 5mer, 4mer, Rhino Point, IGP to Polo Ground, Jhalupara Point via Anjalee Petrol Pump Point, IGP to Polo Ground and Lumparing via Laban, Rhino Point, IGP to Polo Ground.
The existence of the market in this area has not only been in the past, but even today, because the foundation has not been laid for this area to become a market, although now there is a market. several differences.
The division, located west of Damascus, is under the command of President Maher Assad's brother.
Born on 7th June 1944, Kong Helen Giri is a talented traditional dancer from Meghalaya, and is well known for her efforts to promote and preserve traditional Khasi dances.
Reham, an English journalist from Pakistan and a television presenter, was married to Imran Khan and lived with him for only one year from 2014 to March 30,
“When I came back in January, I had the opportunity to throw bombs and witnessed a beautiful performance,” Modi said.
It is also prohibited to sell cigarettes and tobacco within 100 meters of schools, colleges, universities and hospitals.
The child was identified as Augustlang Binan of Pyrnai village.
He said that there will be a gathering in Nongstoin on the 26th to commemorate the works of Maieid Hoping where there will be a song and other programmes.
Shillong, Lber 09: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri, on Tuesday said that the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) has been delayed in this regard. Phase III is because the government has to call the tender up to three times because the participating companies have not been selected to implement the scheme.
Soso Tham (1873-1940) was born in Saitsohpen, Sohra to the poor family of Lyngkien Tham and Hat Tongper.
Ummulong bowlers S Lamare and P Phawa took two wickets each in four overs.
Speaking to reporters, Brightstarwel Marbaniang, one of the plaintiffs against the decision of the Meghalaya Government in the Meghalaya High Court, said, “The Meghalaya Government since 2018 has introduced the State Education Policy to prevent teachers from taking part in the political process.
There are many problems caused by the lockdown in the villages such as the sudden increase in the price of food items and the violation of the laws by the government.
What is more shocking is that the upper parts of the Myntdu River, the soil and stones from the construction of the Jowai bypass have flowed into the Myntdu River and blocked the water.
Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi Authors Society (KSA) today met with Conrad Sangma to discuss the issue of holding a special session to approve the bill. for the approval of the State Legislative Assembly, for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Article 5 of the Constitution.
He had to drop out of school part-time while he was studying for graduation.
It is also the greatest commandment of all and talking about Love is very difficult and if we talk carefully it can take months if we take it as a Bible Study.
Shillong, November 11: A few months ago, there was a stir among the Congress MDCs in KHADC after some of them wanted to remove the CEM seat of the incumbent CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem. he batted.
Jowai, Jymmang 02: The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District today conducted a cleaning drive in the Myntdu River starting from Jingkieng. Extend the road (Jowai-Shillong) to parts of Treongriang (Ban Ser).
Speeches were delivered by the Waheh Shnongs of Umshangiar, Lapangap, Umplu, Namdong B, Saitsama and the KSU who gave their support to Khanduli.
The residents of Jarain, Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday took to the streets to protest against the appointment of Ami Tariang as Acting Waheh Shnong by the Dolloi of Amwi District.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA praised the Waheh Shnong of Tympang and the village members who have taken the initiative to build the village office and to set up the IEC or tynghung shnong which is one of the ways to provide information to the people at such a time. many government announcements that the public needs to know.
He said that in politics, many things happen, but we don't know whether there is any truth in the accusations against the VPP, because now other political parties can announce in the meetings. of other parties such as at the VPP meeting and we cannot prove that they are from those parties.
As of November 30, 2022, up to 35 accounts of 20 operating PSEs are pending for payment for 10 to 7 years, according to the CAG report. The accounts that are yet to receive arrears for the year 2021-22 are MTC and Forest Development Corporation of Meghalaya Ltd which have multiple accounts for 10 to 5 years. , the report says.
Furthermore, the NRLTODA on this occasion also set up a donation box for the refugees who are undergoing treatment at various hospitals in the state. The box will be handed over to the DC of West Khasi Hills District for delivery to the families of the refugees.
Under this project, the government has already allocated Rs 13 crore in 2022-23 to various groups to encourage them to conserve forests.
JOWAI: The Border Security Force (BSF) has arrested six persons and 13 cows from two trucks on the India-Bangladesh border.
One of the allegations is that since Pa'iem Amossingstar Malngiang took over as Syiem in 2010, he has never held a dorbar pyllun which has turned the children of thousands into darkness.
JOWAI : The Dorbar Pyllun of Khliehtyrshi Village has unanimously approved the re-election of Ma Madonbai Rymbai, Chief Executive Member of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) as the MDC of the 4-Sohmynting Khliehtyrshi MDC Constituency.
There is no point in thinking well Umtong,While you are slow to prong for a while;
On this occasion, Bah Dhanderly Myrthong expressed his gratitude to the Creator for giving him a special talent and through this job he wants to serve not only for his own benefit. but the most important thing is to provide services to the poor who suffer from many diseases that cannot be treated by other means.
However, the groups, which will leave by airplane, will leave Guwahati tomorrow morning and on the 15th will submit their memoranda to the Central Government during the Lok Sabha session.
Another issue that has been accepted is the Meghalaya Water Resources Engineering Services Rules
We would like to express our special thanks to the following:-
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District on Saturday night seized eight vehicles carrying timber which they intended to smuggle to Assam without proper documents.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, will chair the Budget Session for the first time.
These villages include Nongkoh Low, Umsaw-Umja Rong and Madan Mawkhar, which are located in the outskirts of Mawlai Pyllun.
The injured student was identified as Rahborlang Narlong, 18, resident of Umklai Marngar. He was studying in Class X at the school. .
They were taken to the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ for treatment and the truck and motorcycle were seized by the Nongstoiñ Police Station. face.
The Government's views are exactly the same as those of a person who is called 'Tharai' and 'Buhteng'
Shillong: The Catholic Bishops of North East India on Tuesday condemned the destruction of a church in Chattarpur by South Delhi district. day Monday that is the 12th of May 2021.
Shillong: Meghalaya will face a lot of difficulties in the three-day match from Saurav Chauhan and Vijay Sharma tomorrow. Uttarakhand scored 116 runs while Meghalaya captain Akash Kumar scored 3/97 while Arbin Singh scored 2/8
At the same time, we know that the total population of the world is 7.8 billion or 780,00,00,000 or 700,00,00,000 billion + 80,00,00,000 billion. and all these this plague will spread if God does not intervene or, if He does not shorten the days of this plague in this world.
“My goal is that your children will become intelligent and one day they will be able to pass Bahdeng Samlin.
The KSU has alleged that there are some brothers and sisters of the Khasi Pnar community who are trying to create trouble and there is a new organization called the United Khasi People Organization (UKPO) led by Niwel War. The residents of Block I have been stirred up by the call to join Assam.
But behind the scenes there is an evil intention to destroy Christian children and churches.
At a political party meeting, the party asked, “If it is not a retrospective, how can the MPSC in October 2023, release the results in which 11 candidates have been paid? Garo and only five Khasi,” said Bah Thomas.
In Jaintia Hills, it will start from 6 pm to 9 pm and then from 3 pm to 6 pm.
If we don't take immediate action while there is still time, the time will come when there will be a terrible water shortage, especially in this spring, when the sky is bright, which is just beginning. I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because you don't accept that you don't have a lot of spirituality.
Speaking at Shillong Press Club, Sharma said he doesn't know where Jha is but he has heard from the media that he went to see his father who is sick. Bihar.
Ka Kong Fabriously Suchiang BA, Trained Headmaster of Shangpung Govt.
I have seen those countries that have railways where the people get many benefits.
Marak will replace AR Mawthoh, IPS. HG Lyngdoh, MPS Commandant 6th Bn, Shillong has been transferred as Superintendent of Police, Mawkyrwat. Lakador Syiem, MPS-SP, South Garo Hills, Baghmara has been promoted as Principal Police Training School, Meghalaya and will replace CVS Reddy, IPS. Nazarius Lamare, MPS 6th Bn, Shillong has been transferred as SP (R/PR), Shillong and will replace O. Passi, IPS. Mawkyrwat has been transferred as Commandant of 4th Bn, Sohpian and will replace CVS Reddy, IPS and others.
The presence of branches in the villages and areas has helped a lot to explain to those who belong to the traditional faith and even to those who belong to other faiths not to be misled or allowed to but to show that any religion has its own value and should not discriminate against other religions or beliefs.
Revelation 12:4
She said that to say that the casino is one of the sources of employment for the Jaidbynriew is wrong and as a group they cannot accept it.
After the bamja, they ate the kwai and tympew as usual in the Khasi custom since ancient times.
Iashah Khongmuloi 23' and Deibormi Khyriem 30', 72' scored the third goal for Dongmisngi Mupyut.
In addition, if there are any problems related to dehydration, children should be taken to the nearest health centre.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong after a meeting with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) for the second time today.
According to Bollywood media, Salman has signed Karan's film before the release of Kisi Ka Bhai Kisi Ki Jaan.
On the other hand, Bah Allan West Kharkongor said that the state has three assets, one is the Jri Bridge, the Mawlynnong River and the Umngot River.
“The salary of journalists should be adequate and the government needs to look into this as the media is considered as the fourth pillar of democracy,” said Bah Erwin.
At the same time, it will show its irrelevance," he said.
“Perhaps at the time of the incident at Basa Kwai, the security forces were patrolling in other parts of the market,” said Myntri Langstieh. in Judah.
In another incident, Bangladeshi militants robbed a coal trader of money and a phone from his house.
“As the High Court has ordered, a policeman from Meghalaya, appointed by the High Court, is needed to cooperate, but my duty is to find the places where patrolling is needed. “The purpose is to curb the illegal coal trade in the state,” he said.
Out of these 1,355 cases, 860 cases including 152 Armed Forces and 708 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 30 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 1 case in South West Khasi Hills. Ri Bhoi district has 117 cases including 31 Armed Forces and 86 civilians, 11 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 85 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 193 cases including 97 in West Garo Hills. Armed Forces and 96 civilians, 5 cases in South West Garo Hills, 20 cases in South Garo Hills, 23 cases in East Garo Hills and 96 cases in North Garo Hills. 9 people.
The delegation led by Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar will first visit Tripura on the 11th of this month to meet with leaders of political parties, various groups and officers of the party. Elections Department of the State Government.
“If the MDA government doesn't take action, only the new government in 2023 can implement the ILP in the state. “I understand the need for the ILP to protect the indigenous people from the influx of mynder into the state,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Many houses were flooded and the impact of the disaster was severe.
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to review the Meghalaya Residents, Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill to ensure that it addresses the issue of influx of people of different ethnic groups into the state. and laws and regulations passed by the government.
In today's intelligent and fast-paced world, an intelligent nation is pursuing the creation of more and more languages.
After the oath, no decisions will be taken alone without the consensus or consultation of the party.
On this issue, he as the MDC of the area has already discussed and conveyed this issue to the state government and the Karbi Anglong authorities as well to maintain the peace and order of the residents of Karbi Anglong. border sections.
I have troubled you at home.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Central Body (JSU) has been opposed to the proposal and demand of the Union of Dorbar Shnongs of Shangpung to relocate the PWD. North Division from Jowai to Shangpung Village.
He also urged the officers to take into account the distribution of fish seeds and the production methods and to consider carefully when providing assistance to the people especially when building fish ponds so that government money will not be wasted.
The program was concluded with the awarding of prizes to the winners of the exhibition including HK Singh Memorial School, Jowai, St. Michael English School and Loompyrdi Ïongpiah UPS SSA. Nongjrong in Mawkynrew constituency, which has become famous as a beautiful tourist destination and can attract tourists from all over the State and India, will be able to meet the needs of tourists. The State Government has prepared to build the Resort at a cost of T.5 crore.
Three houses in Umnget village have been affected by the landslide and one house in Umran Dairy has been affected by the landslide. The river Umran.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Poor People Movement (PPM) has demanded that the state government should implement the Supreme Court's 2006 ruling to abolish the citizenship of women married to men. you are not a citizen.
According to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), the 36.79 sq km area of Assam will have 18.51 sq km while Meghalaya will have 18.28 sq km.
This was just the beginning.
Not only the BJP. Maybe others have done better.
Members of about 200 insurgents attacked the residence of Addl SP Moirangthem Amit Singh on Tuesday night and abducted the police chief and his bodyguards.
Police have taken the two men to Shillong for treatment and registered a case on the incident. you are safe.
In the evening, these Bangladeshi officials were taken to the school at Dawkibakur where they witnessed some traditional dances such as Rongkhushi, Rongkhli and others. youth from Sohkha and Nongtalang villages.
“On these two issues, the border demarcation and the Metor, I would like to appeal to the Seng Saiñ Pyrthei leaders not to do politics because the MDA government or the NPP government has not done politics but wants to Fix this issue for the sake of the future generations and for the welfare of the people otherwise we the present leaders will be punished in the future generations because this issue will remain forever. “It's too late,” said Prestone.
Two motorcyclists were injured in a road accident at Khyndailad on Friday.
What happened to Sodom? “The cities of Sodom and Gomorrah were burned with fire, and the smoke of that land went up like the smoke of a furnace”.
Police sources said that on Saturday last month while these police teams were conducting a heavy search operation in the area, there was a heavy gunfire between these forests and The Area Commander of the GNLA, the Area Commander of the GNLA, was killed in the shooting incident at 8 pm. Police have defeated the Area Commander of the GNLA. Pangkam managed to escape from the scene into the forest and some of the escapees were also shot by the police and seriously injured.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has expressed his condolences on the passing away of the prominent journalist on his Twitter account.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Friday said that the Khasi Students Union (KSU) will hold a strong protest in the new year against the CAA and demand the implementation of the CAA. the ILP in the state.
Have the dead been reconciled to God? Have you washed yourselves in the blood of the Lamb? It is a great question for each of us who believe because the unbelievers have already lost.
He said he had already discussed this with the Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of NEEPCO, who is also the CMD of NTPC in New Delhi.
It is to be recalled that the union has already seized or returned these vehicles in the past, but these foreigners do not believe anything and continue to sell. They have not been able to do so until now, without any respect for the decision of the Association.
The traffic jam is every minute, every hour and every day throughout the year especially except for those coming from Sohra and West Khasi Hills, South West and Eastern West Khasi Hills. Hills including those from Pynursla.
“I have a dream, a goal to help the people, I have not yet become anything, but I have helped to build a road from Pongkung to Wahlyngkut, I have helped to bring the PHC Pongkung into operation now, I have helped to “I have done so much when I was in power, I have always wanted since I was young to contest elections to serve the people, it is until now that it has succeeded,” he said. said.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that this action of the police department is very slow and this mistake should be corrected.
He said that Bah Ardent has been in contact with him for a long time since he joined the HSPDP since the MLA elections in 2018 and the relationship is still there.
Without the Opposition Party, the Ruling Party can do whatever it wants, decide whatever it wants, issue whatever rules it wants, spend whatever it wants and lead to serious corruption.
In another match, Mawpat beat Qualapaty 3-0
Police said that Lamin is a member of the HNLC and helps his fellow members to smuggle from India to Bangladesh. to the HNLC leaders in Bangladesh.
Furthermore, Gram Panchayats (GPs) have received financial assistance, whereby villages with less than 5,000 inhabitants receive T.60 per capita for the cleaning of solid waste and T.280 per capita for the cleaning of solid waste. capita for liquid waste treatment.
Shillong, Nailar 23 : The MLA of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly from Mawsynram, Bah HM Shangpliang on Tuesday said that for two years now, the villages on the India-Bangladesh border have not received any water. In these two years, although in other years they have received billions of rupees.
When I was planting those pathaw seeds, my brother Marjan told me to give him some seeds because the seeds I planted didn't know whether they were colored or not.
He said that the government is currently preparing a policy to promote films in the state. “I have already announced in the budget that we will provide assistance to the filmmakers in the state so that they can They can produce beautiful films and if they need the resources, we will find ways to help them.
“It is also mentioned that if you eat about 30ml or 37% of formalin, you can eat formalin,” she said. , can lead to death in humans.
It is true that women understand their uniqueness and independence in society, but if we look at the background, men can give a better answer as to what caused them. you have jubor.
East Khasi Hills Police have lodged a complaint on the incident, but no arrest has been made yet.
We believe that the State, especially Shillong, is the mecca of education in the region, but this has been only a myth and the figures in the report of the Niti Ayog show that the The state is lagging behind and the villagers do not have access to good education.
If we go to buy rice, sugarcane and other items from the market, we don't have to pay a kilo, so why, if we go to sell, we farmers have to count kilos? Here too, the farmers are being oppressed, and the voice of suffering you have seen in the expression of the farmers in these days.
Therefore, the great thinkers of the Khasi Hills who have passed away before us such as Myllung Soso Tham and others have valued them very much by saying that these are the “Shikhung ki Matti here in the country”. Khasi".
“He added that the allegation of Bah Shullai is untrue because he does not follow the proceedings in Parliament. matters affecting the State.
Shillong, July 20: The MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday demanded that the Council should not use the ballot paper as before in the polling instead of the machines. Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) in the upcoming elections.
Now he is talking without understanding that if you oppose CAB, go to North Korea, you know what he means about the relationship between the Khasi-Pnars and the Koreans.
The police have reached the point where they have raided him at his residence in Upper Lumparing.
“The reason I think you know better than me.
However, the sordars said that they have to meet with the land owners before starting the work and will inform them after the arrangements have been made.
He became the Chief of Bureau of the Shillong Press Trust of India (PTI) and was the first Khasi to hold this position.
In this state, there are only a few voices for those who have been identified as bhalang.
Fisheries: Other measures taken during the COVID-19 pandemic• All 4 COVID-related announcements have been implemented for fisheries• The implementation of Sanitary Import Permits (SIPs) to Import of Shrimp Broodstock extended for three months• Delivery of brood stock allowed to be delayed for up to 1 month• Quarantine cubicles that have been suspended allowed to be rebooked without counting• Verification of documents The registration of 242 registered shymprong farms and Nauplii farms ended on 31.03.2020. extended for another 3 months• The rules of procedure for Marine Capture Fisheries and Aquaculture have been extended to include fish farms in ponds and rivers. Capacity BuildingT 1 lakh crore Agri Infrastructure Fund for the needs of farmers• Lack of storage facilities and shortage of post-harvest activities near farmers has caused shortcomings in the price.
The Circle also reminds the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is the MLA of the area on his announcement to lodge a complaint on the stone fall at Riat Rngaiñ which killed two people.
Police are investigating into the incident.
The medal winners were Obadaia Kelphung – Gold, Sanjiovanni Bho – Silver, Fivestar Bareh – Silver, Bantiplang Khongwir – Silver, Ricky Mukhim – Bronze, Juh pa u Juh Nongtdu – Bronze and Decent Sungoh – Bronze.
Sawkmie said he did not think that he would come up with a plan to abolish the District Council which is responsible for the Syiems, Himas, Elaka, Raids and Villages. to strengthen the Khasi khaddar system as it has been since the beginning.
After the name of Bah Deki appeared, Bah Kior has now decided to apply for a ticket from the UDP to prepare for the election.
This is what has spread to various groups from politics to religion, from business to civil society.
The price of Khasi kwai in Iewduh is about T.15 spah per 400 pieces while the price of Dkhar kwai is about T.9 spah.
The incident happened at his residence in Moomon Mihmyntdu behind the office of the government department.
The court did not comment on the payment of rent and also on the ownership of the land by Stied Dkhar, saying that the land was sold without her consent.
The court also ordered that prostitutes shall not be arrested, punished, insulted or insulted when visiting any place where there are prostitutes, the court said.
The traffic of hundreds of trucks carrying stone every day is one of the reasons for the deterioration of this road.
They encouraged participation in this program in order to increase awareness of the water utility industry in their city.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, in his speech, expressed the need to revive the football industry in the state and said that many of the clubs have not been able to continue in this industry. He announced that the state government will provide a buskit of T.10 lakh to those clubs which reach the 2nd Division I League and T.40 lakh to those which reach the I League and so on. T.1 crore, to those who qualify for the Indian Super League.
The Chief Secretary, Deputy Commissioner (DC), members of the District Administration, Police Department officials including SPs and others were also invited.
This book is available from Ri Khasi Book Agency, Mawkhar Main Road.
Remius Khonglah is currently admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment as one of the bones of his hand has been broken.
In 1969, the Jaintia Dorbar revived when it opposed the recognition of the Autonomous State by the APHLC, which re-classified the Labang-Nongphyllut (Block-I) and the Nongtung-Khyrwang Block-I. II the rightful parts of the Jowai Sub-Division of the Unified Khasi Hills and Mikir Hills (now Karbi-Anglong) with IG Lytan as its Secretary and more. later confirmed by Mr. Edwingson Bareh and published the newspaper “U JAINTIA”.
The Central Government has launched many schemes to assist farmers from time to time.
Prasad urged the people to be vigilant and not to rush especially on the busy roads of Shillong.
This pamphlet, published 50 years ago, speaks to you to me today with the same voice it did five decades ago.
Then it was said that the Rangbah Kur are the heads of the Rangbah Kur who are elected by the Dorbar of the Kur to lead the Kur.
Let's look at the letter F. This is the era of dress code, which young people, young people, especially children, especially struggle to get dress code, which is appropriate, especially during the holidays. medicine and other charitable activities, which is called dressing according to FASHION.
But I didn't go anywhere.
Laloo said the Dorbar Shnong Nongdhar has decided to hold the village work on the 2nd of June this year and on that day Kermi Suting son of Bah Laloo took part but the Chairman. Morly Nongpluh of the Dorbar Shnong has expelled him and said they don't need him and his family.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: On Saturday, the Ministers of Mylliem Hima from the Opposition visited the Law Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
At present, the state has improved slightly in literacy but we do not have enough local people who are skilled in education and training in all fields.
The city of Shillong has grown and most of the land in New Shillong Township has become Government land and what laws will apply there? Do they protect and help the Trai Ri Hynniewtrep?
In this year's Matric examination, 45 students have scored 100 per cent in Mathematics, 12 students have scored 100 per cent in Science and Technology and 13 students have scored 100 per cent in Science and Technology. 100 per cent in Health Education, 15 in Computer Science and 6 in Social Studies.
PK Muttyent, Enforcement Inspector in his speech recalled some of the rules and regulations and also the number of road accidents in Meghalaya in 2022 has reached 157 cases and deaths. pat that has 98 pieces.
Technology is needed because human search is very difficult.
After failing to reach the goal, Bah Shangpliang was appointed as the head of the education department of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA 2.0) government.
The Czechs will face Denmark in the quarterfinals on Saturday in Baku, Azerbaijan.
They gave the example of the airports in other places, because the name of the airport is known from the name of the place, but as it is now when the airport is in Umroi, how It will be called Shillong Airport.
" Rida's voice was surprised as if she had heard a bsein.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Papiya Dutta, Head Department, Rural Development USTM, said that this is part of the efforts to achieve the goal of Rural Technology to be implemented in the village. The main objective is to bring about change in the village through agriculture for the benefit of the farmers in the village through this project selected to be implemented in the village.
Furthermore, members came forward to help the country during the pandemic through their MPLAD funds and accepted a 30% salary reduction.
In addition, sub Section (3) of the same section 126 defines election activities as any activities intended to influence or affect the result of an election.
Employees of Bah Khlaiñbor said that after 100,000 or 100,000 meals, the man fell into the shop and his friend put him in a car to take him home. bu-aid palat, but the next morning they received the news that he had passed away and immediately the news spread that the old man had died after being hit by a bih from the shop.
Serve for a few years and then try a small job that will bring you profit.
Shillong, July 15: A woman has been cheated of T.3 lakh tyngka by a man who claimed to be a policeman.
Speaking at the meeting, he urged the BJP not to campaign with misunderstanding among the people in Garo Hills by telling the people that the FOCUS and FOCUS + schemes come from the Central Government. .
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the rice under the PMGKAY Scheme for the months of July and August 2020 will start being distributed to those households under the PMGKAY Scheme. NFSA (AAY and PHH) from today until 14th August 2020, in accordance with the following rules (i).
Speaking on the occasion, Bah WK Kharbuli said that this day is celebrated every year as an opportunity to raise awareness among the public on the need to donate blood as part of helping those in urgent need of blood.
In relation to the message of Leviticus and Numbers for today, Christians who are clean before God should keep themselves clean from the plague by wearing masks, sanitizer/soap and physical distancing.
Mawlynrei SC opened the scoring before Justin Marboh scored two more goals in the 35th minute.
At the same time, the guitar he has placed in this place is to entertain those who come to visit during the time they can enjoy playing the guitar.
“We also discussed the need to have explanation and awareness of the dangers of drugs even from places of worship,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, the MLAs of Ri Bhoi, said that Ri Bhoi still needs many development works, in order to bring about the safety and security of the people, whether it is from the road with others.
Declining to disclose the names of the MLAs who are talking about joining the BJP, Hek said, “Yes, I cannot say yet because it could spoil the game”.
The meeting was held at the District Library Myngthong Jowai, which was conducted by the Chairman of HBDRF, C. Sungoh in the presence of Bah T. Passah, Spokesperson of the Forum.
Marak, BDO of Dadenggre sub-division in West Garo Hills, was shot dead while driving with his driver.
The first body of Bah Phisar Nongrum was recovered on the 30th of this month.
We try our best on our part.
Guwahati: The Kohima Bench of the Gauhati High Court has suspended the Nagaland government's order banning the sale and slaughter of dog meat in the state.
He prayed for the strength of the soul, for the health, for the growth, for the protection of the nation from the robbers and enemies, especially those who are still in the traditional faith.
I don't have time for people who want to be famous with false ideas,” said the President of CSWO. your house.
As part of the Swadesh Darshan scheme, the Government has launched 76 projects aimed at developing various places that showcase India's heritage.
Furthermore it also provided a distinction between entrepreneur and assignee.
From Tura seat, only the NPP has announced to contest against Sitting MP Agatha K. Sangma.
He explained about the availability of vaccine doses in the states, and also talked about the special vaccination campaigns run by the States to further boost the vaccination industry.
At least 70 people have been killed, 200 injured and thousands displaced in Manipur.
Therefore, the VPP aims to revive, improve and transform the state”.
He said that in fact the Government should have surveyed whether the land is suitable or not to be used as a garbage dump. to the inhabitants of the villages who live near the Umkhen River.
These days, when the Government of India has issued a new Education Act, it is very important that the State Government leaders should understand clearly that the Khasi language is the language accepted by the Government of Meghalaya. The people of the State as a whole in the Khasi, Jaintia Hills and therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the Khasi language and to make it a language recognized by the Government of India. is that we should encourage the Khasi language in schools and then, we should write and speak in our mother tongue, in government offices and others.
Shillong: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has expressed its regret over the delay in the operation of the CHC in Mawkyrwat.
The opening ceremony was attended by the President of Khatarshnong Area Sports Club, Bah Khambit Sing Khongshei and on the closing day, the retired Asst. Commissioner of Transport, Bah Harold was the chief guest. F Khongsit.
The village leaders said that the three girls left their home at 4 pm or less to go to the forest to pick kwai from the trees.
The competition was attended by students from different houses from both the schools, which started from 19th June to 22nd June
In a petition sent to the DC, the group of pig farmers urged the DC to set up a checkpoint to check the illegal smuggling of pigs from outside the state. They also urged the law enforcement authorities to close down those markets which sell pigs which have been imported from abroad and which have been illegally kept without any property. Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department, Government of Meghalaya.
The other two oldest national parties are the HSPDP and the UDP, but they have lost their founders and leading leaders but the policies of these parties remain the same. from the beginning.
Our silence or our absence from the persecutor causes Aishah to think badly and not trust us anymore.
Mixed doubles: Manav Thakkar & Archana Kamath defeated Daniel Gonzalez w/o Melanie Diaz (Pur).
The cold weather, which is about the size of a cow's neck, has tied and destroyed many houses in the villages of Mynso, Pammanik, Mynktung and Mowkyndeng.
Hundreds of Dkhars have already paid money to the Bihar police and after paying, they have entered various residential areas, including those where there are women. .
He also spoke about being a Christian and blaming other religions or groups for trying to destroy the faith of a Christian, but what do we as Christians do? In the afternoon, a speech was delivered by Pastor SS Majaw Administrative Secretary PCI, based on the book (Hebrews 1:1:2). many ways to our fathers by the prophets; Last of all in these days hath he spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the world.
“This amendment is necessary after the VAT has explained that there should be no remote outlets,” he said.
Replying to a question, the CEM said, “The fee they have to pay is according to the amount of the prize money.
Speaking to media, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said, “According to the law of the country, after lodging a complaint, those involved should be arrested immediately and imprisoned. although you have the right to be tried.
Therefore, in the parom and in the memory of the tympang, This is the name of the world; The world is paid for, I have chosen to turn chaphrang.
Jowai, Jymmang 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit led by Leningrad Tariang General Secretary, Conard Sana Education Secretary Jowai Circle, in the presence of Ladaplin Haiong President Girls Wing War Jaintia Circle Larisa Lamin, who has passed the HSSLC Art Stream examination conducted by MBOSE this year, was honored by the Northeast Adventist University.
Even the brothers and sisters are the brothers and sisters who carry the land.
The District Collectors of West Garo Hills have decided to lift the night curfew from Tura town from Thursday morning.
He said that the marking of the candidates was done by the health department officials without the permission of the government.
On the part of Samla Joplang Kharnaïor, he said that as the youth, they should be strong, steadfast in their work and said that the power to shape the society depends on the youth. The nation urgently needs to produce many talented, selfless and able to stand on their own feet for the survival of the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Sordar of Thadrang Village, Bah B Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that people from Khyndewso Village last month used dynamite to catch fish in the Wah. -Umkhen where the fish in the river died.
Other candidates announced by the BJP include Rimiki Sari (Nartiang), Allan Keith Suchiang (Jowai), Lakhon Biam (Raliang), Currentis Rabon (Mokaïaw), Krison Langstang (Sutnga-Saipung). ), Bhayes Chyrmang (Khliehriat), Firstborn Manner (Amlarem), Dr Everist Myrsing (Mawhati), Duruth Majaw (Umsning), Shanbor Ramde (Umroi), Wankitbok Pohshna (East Shillong), Sameul Hashah (Mylliem David T Kharkongor (Nongkrem), Seraph Eric Kharbuki (Sohiong), Wossaroi Rani (Mawphlang), Rowelly Khongsni (Pynursla), Michael Ronnie Kshiar (Sohra), Counselor Mukhim (Mawkynrew), Mark Rinaldy Sawkmie (Mairang), Sparsterlin Nongrem (Rambra-Jyrngam), Bijoy Kynter (Mawshynrut), Elstone D Marak (Kharkutta), Sengnab Ch Momin (Mendipathar), Sukharam K Sangma (Resubelpara), Herrendro A Sangma ( Bajengdoba), Thomas N Marak (Songsak), Raplush Ch Marak (Rongjeng), Raknang Ch Momin (Williamnagar), Rahinath Barchung (Tikrikilla), Bakul Ch Hajong (Rajabala), Braining R Marak (Dadenggre), Adamkid M Sangma (North Tura), Premananda Koch (Ampati), Tink R Marak (Mahendraganj), Boston Marak (Salmanpara), Daniel M Sangma (Gambegre), Akki A Sangma (Dalu), Calis G Momin (Rongara Siju) and Novembirth Ch Marak (Chokpot).
Last year, these volunteers took to the streets and carried placards in front of the DC's office to demand the payment of their salaries.
The statement also requests the relevant authorities to take action to curb such activities which affect the state as a whole and requests the village authorities. that they should work together to eradicate such activities.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Tymmen Basan of Sadew Tbn JM Nongkhlaw, on the incident, he said that the incident has shocked the Christians of the church. , he said that he was not present at the church on Sunday because he had a program for other churches, but he was told by other elders that another elder had seen him. Two men came into the church but they didn't understand because they thought they were the youth of the church, but when the service was over they were surprised to see that there was a song on the porch of the church. which gifted pamphlets written about those numbers.
The Meghalaya Kayak Festival 2023, Meghalaya on 12th March, once again witnessed the sixth edition of the Meghalaya Kayak Festival 2023 which was held at Wah Umtrew, which falls under the Umtham village, Ri-Bhoi District.
In order to bring peace to the passengers and also to bring a clean environment along these two highways, through the availability of toilets, the union has not only sent a letter to the She also met with the Regional Office and Chief Engineer of NHAI, Northeast Region, Raj Chakraborty, who promised to take action on this issue, which is also the need of the people. Everjoy Nongpluh, said: “It's a good idea to have a clean slate.
Israel also said that by attacking it, Hamas had made a grave mistake.
If we don't stop this destruction of the wells, it will be the people who will face the problem, where they will see and hear the water all around them, but not even a drop. and he shall not be able to drink it again, because the water that is bitter is bitter from the wickedness of anyone.
The match between the two teams was very interesting because of the ability to lead the ball and also the ability to turn the ball one after another.
King Khan, also known as the star of romantic films, came out of the balcony of his house to greet his loved ones at midnight. 54 years old.
Marak from the Garo Department to lead the teachers of NEHU from Tura Campus.
Up to 300 people have received this award and the MLA of the area has awarded them with cash prizes and certificates.
Until now, those who deposit money in banks must have at least T.3,000 in metros, T.2,000 in urban areas and T.1,000 in rural areas. They will have to pay a fine of T.5 to T.15 including tax.
The incident occurred on Sunday after which a complaint was lodged against 20 persons involved in the attack, Ambernath police chief told reporters. message.
The author doesn't want to criticize anything there, let the public judge.
He also briefly explained the purpose of the Kur Warjri and the work done in the past 25 years since its inception in
"Wait, I'll get ready too," said the mother of Rida. So she drank the sha and got up to get ready.
Fish : Fish such as sardines, salmon and mackerel can contain about 40 grams of protein.
Speaking to the media, one resident said, "Traffic remains the same when I go to bed and when I wake up".
The meeting was led by NPP President and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, Mizoram Chief Minister and Mizo National Front (MNF) leader Zoramthanga.
Also present were Dy.SP Headquarters MJ Marngar MPS, SIT members, Additional SP BJ Chetri, Dy SP Shahana Mukherjee and others.
Even the plants which are related to the wheat shall not be planted in that field : such as dumasla, sohbaingon saw, sohbaingon iong, soh mynken and others.
In another match, Lamlynti SC beat Umphrup SC 0-2
Wash your hands thoroughly before touching the eyelids, head, and mouth) as these are the places where germs can enter the body.
“Gehlot's statement is true when he says that there will be continuity of rule.
T.Makhroh, Secretary of the VEC, J.Nongkseh, EC Member and AS Roy Malai, Adviser, have strongly condemned the allegation that the Rangbah Shnong intends to sell the property. The Pung Shnong has been accused of insulting the village and the Rangbah Shnong who has not done this alone. The dorbar of the Job Card Holder has decided that the Pung Shnong They also explained that the decision to sell the village pond owned by the VEC is not taken by the Rangbah Shnong alone, but by the Dorbar Shnong and the Executive. committee who are planning to sell the pond to buy the village land and have not yet taken a decision to sell it. The allegation is excessive which has affected the dignity of the village and especially the Rangbah Shnong.
No one can question our unity, our dedication to India and the call should be one country, but many states.
He added that Mary is an example for the youth in the Church to live a good life.
It is worth mentioning that the KHADC has shaped the number of villages in the constituencies to match the size and smallness according to the population as some constituencies have too few people and some have too many people.
According to information received by RTI, the MLAs have already withdrawn the MLA Scheme of T.2 crore for the year 2016-2
There are wars against other ethnic groups, there are wars against fellow Khasi.
The newspaper is sold for only T.5/- each but to publish one issue (one issue) costs many lakhs.
But the only thing I want is that the youth should concentrate on social media to earn money, through affiliate programs, bloggers, youtube etc. to adjust to unemployment.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Two youths of the Presbyterian Church, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang and Rickey Cooper Pathaw, who told the media that the Assembly has not responded to them, The Medical Superintendent (MS) of Dr. H Gordon Robert Hospital, Dr. DD Tariang and the Administrative Officer (AO) of Dr. KT Rynjah and Dr. as well as the dismissal of a Doctor who wanted to request maternity leave.
Jesus speaks strongly when we look at the Gospel of John 5:44 'How can ye believe, which receive honor one of another, and seek not the honor that cometh from God only?' Jesus did not seek the glory of men and when He performed miracles He did not want anyone to know.
We must therefore choose which is better to earn money for our needs and to be able to do good to others.
Bah Fabian Lyngdoh MDC KHADC as one of the leaders who took part in the meeting said that there is a thlen, while two speakers from the Sengbhalang including Kong Agnes Kharshiing President CSWO and Bah Joe Marwein President FKJGP said that they do not believe that there is a thlen.
After this, all the people took part in the rally (road show) from the venue of Wahiajer to Ummulong.
“We are surprised that Prime Minister Duh has not trusted the Chief Ministers of the affected states like Manipur, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh,” she said.
That drive gave her the opportunity to join the Amazon truck driving team where she has been working for about ten years now.
“The current recommendation for eating carbohydrate-rich foods or omega-6 fats instead of saturated fats is based on unpublished data. James DiNicolantonio told the Medical Journal Open Heart.
The Lamphang was speaking at the 84th All India Presiding Officers Conference (AIPOC) held at the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly, Mumbai.
This cleaning should be expedited as the roads around Shillong as almost all the roads of the city have been damaged.
The Crime Investigation Department (CID) of Andhra Pradesh has sent a letter to the Chairman of Margadarsi Chit Fund Private Limited (MCFPL) Cherukuri Ramoji Rao and Managing Director Ch Sailaja Kiron, asking them to They will appear before her on 5th November at her office in Mangalagiri.
Our Government has worked tirelessly to develop farmers across Meghalaya.
They also discussed Langpih and Ratacherra.
“So far, there has been no incident of harassment of voters at the six Polling Stations in Mawhati constituency and the Election Commission congratulates the Assam Government for its cooperation in bringing peace to the voters. voters in the Meghalaya-Assam border areas,” said Kharkongor.
“Because of the rainy season, the traffic police also have to endure the rain, wind and this affects the duty of the traffic police and to relieve them from the cold and time consuming to do their job. “Frank Motor has donated 300 raincoats to the police who have worked hard to conduct their work,” said Bah Indonlang Passah, CEO. The work of the Traffic Police is very difficult and for this reason we need to congratulate them for their hard work.
“In 2011, the District Selection Committee (DSC) of East Khasi Hills District had appointed 330 persons but only 3 persons with disabilities were appointed,” said Kharjana. The number of jobs for those with disabilities shall not be less than shiphew.
Speaking to reporters, KSU West Jaintia Hills President Laitphar Syngkrem said that the clashes between the Pnar and Karbi communities have arisen due to the construction of the gate by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). collection of revenue in Khanduli village which falls within the border of Meghalaya.
On the women's side, 1st Friday.
He has recently left the center and committed this crime against his children.
This was revealed in the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) on the monitoring of the implementation of funds in various departments of the state government till 31st October
Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah beat Royalpole Mihmyntdu 6-5 in the tie breaker.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, this is the third time that they have been cheated but for the first and second time these people have informed the village authorities by phone. and today they have not informed us.
Police sources from EJH said that the suspect was arrested from Rattacherra.
In an article in the Sun magazine last month, Jonsson, 51, told of the problem she faced with her husband and that was that she slept with make love only once in five and a half years.
In a statement, the Education Wing of NRAI has set a target to produce up to 9,000 coaches and 600 teachers in the next five years. judges to identify shooters across the country.
Thus, the Feast of Trumpets of the Israelites had to be observed during the Great Tribulation, which falls during the Seventh Tribulation which means until the After Resurrection. and rapture).
“Sohan doesn't stay in the same place, he moves from one place to another,” he said, adding that the recent defeat of Matchallang M Sangma, also known as Vietnamese, was a victory for the police.
Regarding the import of food items from Assam, Prestone Tynsong said that the Meghalaya government in collaboration with the Assam government is ready to accompany the food trucks to reach the state. state.
Lumiawmuchai – 4 points, Sohmynting – 2 points and Sabahmuswang – 1 point.
Similarly, the government should appoint experts who are clear and understand the Reservation Policy to be members of the Expert Committee.
In this fight against drugs, everyone should be involved – households, communities, religious groups, media, police, and government.
On this occasion, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh launched the Panur.
It also promised to remove the Khar Metor in Mawlong Market, but even after providing houses for them, it has not been removed yet.
Despite the defeat, Meghalaya has started to improve in its performance and looks forward to winning the second match against Chhattisgarh tomorrow. Saturday.
Furthermore, this championship has helped in bringing and encouraging the children to have a spirit of fighting among themselves and also to promote this sport especially in this state.
Jowai, Lber 21: The women of Sohmynting village in West Jaintia Hills District today lodged a complaint against a man. a man who asked for money to buy a light bulb and a stove.
The Minister of Fisheries, Government of Meghalaya, led the delegation accompanied by AL Mawlong, Director of Fisheries, Meghalaya for the two-day program held at Mahabalipuram, Tamil Nadu.
She said that the jor is not true, it is not the risk of turning into corona virus, but she also suggests not to use a condom.
At the meeting, 128 people supported and 41 opposed the motion to allow those who have married to be ordained priests.
So, just 3 years later.
It is learned that this incident has shown that there has been a taking of money from unemployed youth in the name of providing employment and if they cannot get employment, the money will be returned. and they took it.
He said he could not promise other demands until after the 2023 elections.
On the other hand, we have found that there has now been an opening at many petrol pumps in terms of employment for women.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) led by Donald V. Thabah (General Secretary) has visited Tripura to investigate the incident. on 08th July 2019 together with the leaders of NESO and All Assam Students' Union including Bah Samuel Jyrwa (Chairman, NESO), Sinam Prakash (Secretary General, NESO), Dr. Samujjal Bhattacharya (Advisor, NESO). ) and Pritam Hazarika (Central Member, AASU) yesterday and after the visit, the group found that on the morning of 10th July 2019, the curfew in the North East, called by NESO; Members of the Tripura Students' Federation (TSF) have held a rally at Madhab Bari Highway in Jirinia Sub-Division, West Tripura to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill police of Tripura State Rifles.
The short writing of words affects the ability to write the characters correctly.
The house belongs to Loni Pala and Shaniahshkem Sariang and the fire broke out at 11 pm while they were going to church.
Shillong: The CoHSO, the Union of Sengbhalang, has decided to hold its dorbar bah on the 31st of this month at Malki Square, to protest against the Citizenship Act ( Amendment) Bill 2016.
The Seng also resolves to fight for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution and to promote education in the State and also to oppose the implementation of the Khasi language. Hindu and to establish English as the language of instruction in schools and colleges as well as the official language of the State.
When asked by the media whether as an independent MLA, he should resign from the post of MLA, if he has to contest as a BJP candidate, Samuel said he doesn't need to. However, on 2nd June, 2023, this MLA will have to resign from his post as an Associate Member of the BJP. Therefore, the law prohibiting MLAs from joining any party does not allow even MLAs to contest from another party unless they have resigned from their MLAship. Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Charles Marngar, Stanliwis Rymbai and Rona Khymdeit, on 2nd June, went to register their names for the Returning Officers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District. for the purpose of contesting the election to the Legislative Assembly of the State.
Their wisdom and understanding made the enemies who wanted to attack the village to surrender their swords and spears at once. They were wise and far-sighted people, they built myrsha on the gates. They dig large holes in the form of crematoria to store rice, necessities and even the elderly who cannot walk or run. , they put them inside those caves to hide from the enemy during the war and after the end of the war they went back out of those caves. Khonlom in Dong Lumlakhiat Mynso, and in 1861 during the first invasion of Mynso by the French, they could not defeat the troops of the Daloi. As soon as the French came to Myrchalaji, they fell down and men and horses did not see where the sword came from and who was holding the spears.
Suspected militants of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) today opened fire at a petrol pump at Janusa Petrol Pump in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills.
He said that the central government will be informed and demanded to set up its own department which will be responsible only for the district councils.
P. Toi in his speech praised the elders of Sabahmuswang village who have taken the initiative to organize the Chad Sukra and for their ability to guide and preserve the traditional dance using the instruments. D. Langstang, EE-PWD, Jowai North.
There are 347 households who have Ration Cards including AAY, PHH and NFSA Cards. From the Civil Supply and Consumer Affairs Department of the Village Government, the village receives only 8151 kilograms of rice and 928 liters of liquor per day. month.
He also urged the various churches and Seiñraij and those private individuals who have enough income to please donate as much as you can to the poor people so that the country and our nation can fight against it. Corona Virus disease.
“Prestone urged the people of Nongkrem constituency to vote for the NPP as it will be a great honor for the people of Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia if Kong Ampareen is elected as MP. to parliament because it will serve to raise the voice of the people.
In spite of all this there was an understanding between the Ahom kingdom and the British government regarding political affairs as part of the struggle against the Burmese kingdom.
The seizure of drugs is the highest.
The commemoration was enriched by the songs performed by the students of Khad Ar Nor UP School, Shangpung and the Pastieh dance by the youth followed by the Acting Daloi and the Ministers. .
Furthermore, the construction of a drain and pipes to drain the sewage at Wah Umkhrah in Mawlai Nongpdeng at a cost of T.8,68,049 lakh and others which have been constructed exactly on the same site but have been different. the scheme and the names of the contractors.
Meanwhile, the match between Samaro SC and Pateinki Sabah ended without a goal.
The SBI officer said the reason why the bank employees marched and closed their offices today was because they wanted to inform the government that they employees cannot tolerate such incidents and to remind that the government should provide safety measures for the safety of bank employees.
The request of the religious leaders of the Raij Jowai under the leadership of the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Ma Puramon Kynjing was successful and the weather also allowed the Niamtre children of the Seiñraij Jowai to participate strongly on the second day of Behdieñkhlam. Thread.
If we cannot fight against this, it is useless to have laws that protect the nation from foreign invasion.
In Jaintia Hills, there is no king who rules but there are Doloi who are also religious leaders and priests.
The Congress party is now on the verge of releasing the list of its candidates in all 29 constituencies in the KHADC. He is Bah RV Lyngdoh, former Minister of State in charge of Urban Development.
Less than a month before the start of the season, Real Madrid's squad included only four forwards and only one of them was better.
The seminar was opened by the Pro Chancellor of MLCU Dr. Glenn C Kharkongkor.
During the inspection, it was found that many delays in the mining of coal are not in accordance with the rules and also the entry of coal and other materials used into these factories is not properly maintained. court that sla that is not enough.
Referring to the UDP's statement that it is necessary to review the Reservation Policy in its election campaign, Bah Metbah said that the review should be held at a day.
In terms of the percentage of those who have been vaccinated, 95% have already received the first dose while only 69% have received the second dose, down to 26%.
If the Government authorities don't agree, it's too late.
Although this change has brought about many developments and improvements in the society, we see above that human dignity has almost disappeared and even the spirit of fellow human beings seems to have died.
He also said that the Chief Minister of West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee, has sent a gift to those who can do this job. Other issues, which the UDP leader, is opposed to, include the termination of the visa for Missionary Bar- countries that have been in India for decades, to leave India, forget that many Indian missionaries also went to live and preach around the world and then the placement of them. government celebrations on holidays of other religions and various persecutions and then the forcing to speak the language, which all different races should speak, and now even the “Do you know what they still want to do, without respecting the Constitution of India and the laws and regulations?” asked Bah Bindo.
Of this, drugs worth T.75 crore were seized in 2022, T.170 crore in 2023 and T.21 crore in the first two months of 2024 alone, he said.
The incident occurred on October 22 at the Border Out Post Sabdalpur of the BSF 70 Battalion.
Hercules Suting, General Secretary, HYC, Ribhoi District, said that the HYC opposes the demand of the Lalung (Tiwa) community for minority recognition and the HYC also condemns the action of the MLA of Mawhati. to justify their claim.
Explaining on this, Titostarwell said that there has been a beginning to affect the powers of the KHADC, where it has been heard that some Dorbar Shnongs run bank accounts and that banks ask for Pancards and These banks which started asking for Pand cards from churches have asked from organizations and now they have started asking from Dorbar Shnongs.
[read more Saturday]
Therefore, the Union urged the government through the Regional Committee to resolve the border issue as soon as possible.
He acknowledged that there are many obstacles in the efforts to work for the development of the State in all aspects.
On the other hand, the Congress party has shown that there is a bright light, which shines nine times on the face of the President of the Congress party, when he spoke to the media, after he filed his nomination papers. Amethyst.
When the two families were arranged, they were sent together to marry.
The Government of Meghalaya is also preparing to introduce an online course for those working in sports, coaches and others in the State.
Therefore, the village authorities should not allow such people to enter the villages and if they do, they should be expelled”.
Furthermore, he encouraged the residents not to be afraid of the rights and as residents to come forward to seek the assistance of the government for them. The people and the Central Government have also brought about many development projects with the aim of bringing about that change in the state and the country and especially that India should become the most developed country in the world. world after 2047 as targeted by the central government.
This is the long-standing demand of the people and there have been groups from the Ri Bhoi Dorbar and Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar who have been raising this voice and demanding to upgrade this. Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, who has been able to respond to the demand for promotion, has been appointed to the Civil Sub Division. I am the leader of Jirang Constituency.
“Your speech is very interesting and interesting.
“Those who oppose the railway line should go to Mendipathar and investigate whether there is really any illegal entry of foreigners and whether it is true that it is just a misleading of the people. “said Dr. Ampareen in an interview with the media.
It cannot be said that even the remaining branches, perhaps the time will not be long before the green leaves will begin to wither and begin to wither, because once the clearness of the tree has fallen. pyut can rot to the root.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 21: The murder of a woman (L) Metilda Lyngdoh Marshilong from Riangpoit new village on the 14th of this month by a robber has shocked the residents of the area. nearby village.
The MD of Max Cement encouraged the athletes not only to stay in the state but also to leave the state and abroad. a supporter of the sports team.
The INS has pointed out that there is a problem with the lack of newsprint from the country, which has led to the need to purchase newspapers from abroad.
Other districts include East Garo Hills with 8 cases, West Garo Hills with 6 cases, West Khasi Hills with 5 cases and East Jaintia Hills with
On Tuesday evening, the Prime Minister, announced on his Facebook page, that the person who has been infected with the coronavirus, but it is said in English “one person” or in Khasi “one person”. It was not revealed where she came from and it was said that she was in quarantine in Tura after returning from Chennai.
“I am only a day labourer, but there was an incident when a friend of mine fell ill and when they went to take medicine for him and due to lack of money and inadequate treatment in Government hospitals my friend died.
Scotland have struggled to retain the same talented players who have lifted the team to win the ICC Cricket World Cup League 2 trophy in month of June.
The union has lodged a Writ Petition against the Central Government and the State Government on 28th July, 2020 in the Meghalaya High Court regarding the delay or non-payment of the Meghalaya Government. The arrear of SSA teachers has been suspended for 8 months, from 1st November, 2016 to 28th June,
Every year, MECL through the Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MECL) requests the State Government to bring to the dorbar the renewal of the electricity tariff. , man that season that season.
“Let us strive for mutual development among the Hynniewtrep people, and let us eradicate the disease of kuhiw that used to exist in our country”.
Meghalaya has received the Fair Play Award.
He said that NEHU has sent a directive to conduct the examination on the 7th, 9th, 12th, 14th and 16th of March and NEHU will issue the routines for the examination. Shillong: U Bah Lakmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Education, on Tuesday said that the Ministry of Home Affairs (MoE) has issued a The state government will take a decision to reopen all schools in the state.
Article 302 deals with the punishment for murder.
Furthermore, it was revealed that Kong Phawa was poor at the time of her arrest and had to go through poor times while in jail.
In the Khasi community there are many dialects in their respective villages or areas in Khasi Jaintia, for example, Masi, Masei, Masoi, Masew, Masu. The language of the village varies from village to village or from area to area.
“If the residents of these villages go to the market in Dawki and whatever they buy from the market, they have to show the Cash Memo to the BSF, but if they cannot show the Cash, memo, which means they will have to face many investigations and which has caused a lot of suffering to the people,” he said.
The nomination of Bah Synsharlang Lyngdoh Thabah is to replace the son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh who passed away a few months ago.
But this time around, it’s different.
Witnesses found that the youth had attempted to break into the house and informed the police.
"New teachers have not been appointed since the retirement of old teachers, many schools have had to close down due to lack of teachers. The Meghalaya TMC candidate from Tikrikilla, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has also slammed the government leaders for not doing anything on the issue of old age pension and said, “I have brought the scheme to help T.500 for the elderly and for the widows during my tenure, but the MDA government has not been able to increase this amount and has forgotten to increase it. or money and there are those who don't even get the old age pension.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken Syiem, said that the people of Raid Marwet have requested him to appoint Rangbah Shnong Pyllun from the Raid Marwet. He cannot do anything because it is the responsibility of the Hima Mylliem.
He said that the border demarcation at four places namely Upper Tarabari, Gizang, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pilangkata and Ratachera by the Survey of India in the presence of officials of the governments of Assam and Meghalaya should also be completed. by 31st November this year.
“Because many of the works done by the BJP, they have brought more development and benefits to the people of the state”.
The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in an interview with the media on Tuesday, said that there are seven Rehabilitation Centers run by the Government and there are also Foundations. They are not supported by private groups that receive financial assistance from the Social Welfare Department.
The final match of the day started at 6:15 pm between Umsohsun SC and Lamlynti FC (Madanlyngkhi).
Both the Congress leaders want to contest from Kolar constituency in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections in Karnataka.
“At the meeting, the NEHU officials informed us too late, the NTA informed the NEHU authorities on the 14th of this month at 6 pm that they to be ready for 2000 students, but in the middle of the night, the NTA announced that they will be ready for 4000 students.
The Minister of Community and Rural Department, Bah Hamletson Dohling, in his speech, spoke on the progress of the department over the years, especially in terms of the implementation of the MNREGS scheme and the development. The number of Self Help Groups has increased in the past few years.
Other areas outside Jowai, such as East Jaintia Hills District, War Jaintia and east of Jowai District, have not yet accepted any writings in schools, books. publication including in the media.
On the other hand, the family members of Kong Kharbuki are in darkness and shock over this incident and expressed their suspicion that Bah Jeofreeson has forcibly taken the lives of his children.
The farmers, who are protesting against the Indian government, have decided to resume talks with the Indian government from November 29, 2020, said Rakesh Tikait, leader of the farmers' group.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today convened a meeting with 25 political parties to discuss the issue of entry and exit gates for foreigners coming to the state.
“I don't have any reason or doubt about that, just accept what I said,” said Dr Mukul.
Recently, the government through the Meghalaya Control Pollution Board, has issued a notice prohibiting loud noise as it affects health and is against the law.
This is a test story from Mawphor website.
But he created it for Satan (Lucifer) and his angels (demons).
He said the reason is that NEEPCO has now been recognized as a source of clean and clean electricity and therefore, it does not want to continue with this project.
Surprisingly, when the union applied for a trading license, the foreigner could not show it to the union.
Robin Minz was involved in an accident while riding a Superbike.
During the rule of Vajpayee, the BJP was still very strong because it was not as strong as it is now.
Shillong: Six youths from Madanriting, who were attacked by the mob while they were returning from a dinner at Lad Mawlang Village on 8th October 2020, have come today to protest and demand They also demanded the arrest of the Sordar of Syntung Village, Bah Robert Pale for his involvement in the attack on them until one of the nine youths, Macmillan Kharshandi, lost his life. life.
Two houses in Kaitkohram village in the area were also damaged.
From Mawiong via Mawlai Petrol Pump, Golflink, Polo, IGP. From Mawprem Karbom via District Council Point, Motphran, Khyndailad.
There are about 6 teachers who have been appointed on contractual basis and the Government has not yet taken action to appoint full time teachers.
Today, however, the rainfall was very low, with only 11.0mm.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Garo Students Union (KSU) has vowed to protest against the arrest of KSU President Daniel Khyriem in Lum Garo Hills. The KSU leader said that the GSU will hold a massive protest in Ri Lum Garo within the stipulated time.
After the arrest of a man who pretended to be an officer of the Intelligence Bureau (IB) of the Central Government, more and more wrongdoings have become public. He was arrested in 2014 for fraud and pretending to be a Government servant.
Kni said that there is too much explanation but he said that the state is not as fast as other states.
According to the Constitution of India, sports activities fall under the jurisdiction of the States and the States have the power to create and promote them.
There are two types of allopathic health centers in India, one is the Full-NABH, which includes specialized and non-specialized health centres, while the other is the Entry level NABH, The Supercare Hospital has been recognized by the NABH as a NABH entry level on the 5th of this month. March 2021, while the official recognition, as one of the health centers in Full NABH, on 29th November
"And if we do this because it is against the law, our women are dead.
Samuel is an MLA from Baghmara who won the election in 2018 as an independent candidate and on 16th November 2018 he joined the UDP as an Associate Member as an independent MLA.
Shillong: Through the scoring of Punit Bisht and Wanlambok Nongkhlaw, Meghalaya have won the Ranji Trophy match against Arunachal Pradesh in Dibrugarh, Assam.
It now has 26 children, including 14 boys and 12 girls.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, one person has been confirmed positive in the past 24 hours.
With this victory, Mawtawar SC will face Pohkseh SC in the final of the 2nd Division Football League this year. The SSA is ready to hold the final on 21st November at the 1st Ground at 1.30 pm.
He urged the Veterinary and Husbandry Department to create better ways to provide better and more effective support to the farmers such as support to set up shelters and vaccines to prevent and eradicate breeds. the diseases of measles, measles, stem measles, measles, measles and others.
However, many of their supporters and loved ones may not vote for the Congress candidate as a sign of protest.
In Meghalaya, the program was held at the Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Shillong: Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday said that as part of the development of West Khasi Hills District, which has been neglected for decades, it is necessary to develop Mairang from the district. The Civil Sub Division is not a new district in the state.
Fognini, who has already reached the top 10, has had to go through many difficulties this year and reached the Foro Italico of the tournament with a 2-8 tour. level records that you.
There should be experts who have worked and who have become experienced educators in the field of education.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, President of AITC, Pynthorumkhrah, who is also a candidate, said that it is the issues that the AITC stands for and the skills of Dr Mukul Sangma as a leader. He also criticized the increase in the price of commodities which the people have suffered and the terrible suffering of the people.
Janvi Mishra of Alpha English HSS Nongpoh, Laiohdianghun H. Kharkongngor of Shillong Public School Laitumkhrah and P. Sarasaphi Lyngdoh of Anderson HSS Nongstoin.
The FKJGP has said this after receiving reports that the Frontline Workers who have tested positive for Covid-19, who are currently in hospitals and quarantined at the Corona Care Centre, Umsawli, have had to know everything. They include food and drink and medical expenses.
There are also traders who transport agricultural products and others, who provide for the needs of the people, motorists who sell meat for a living.
According to a video footage of an Indian TV channel, thousands of people have now arrived at a market in Bangladesh known as Cox's Bazar and there they have been built shelters. .
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that a body has been found by the Ri Bhoi Police in the 20mer area. Metiap was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kitbok Thabah President of AMDA said that the government should not continue to worry about the future of the talented youth but to help them and not to remember to look for singers or dancers only during the elections. to involve the people in their election campaign.
In Sohra, 94.2mm, 162.6mm, Umiam, 51.6mm and 65.4mm, respectively.
Mawlai will witness the contest between former UDP MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh, Marbud Dkhar from the Congress and Teibor.
Tura, Nailur 20 : The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) has received the support of 12 political parties from outside the state.
How much more so for the Son of God.
He said that he now has more time to focus on other urgent needs.
The woman, Cerula, was found to have raised her hands while praying and reading the Word of God. have the title of bishop or disciple of Jesus.
Therefore, until the counting of votes is completed, we will have to wait for the decision of the people on the 2nd of October
She said that a Special Task Force (STF) has been set up to search for Islam in different parts of the country. the party searched many places, but no arrest was made.
“Bah Malngiang has also said that he has no intention of joining any party.
In fact, Nongpoh town should have been free from traffic jams, due to the introduction of the 4-lane road and in addition to the 4-lane road, there are also two separate roads for pedestrians. Service Roads to make it easier for the people to travel.
Speaking on the occasion, Paila Dkhar, President of KSU Mizoram State Unit, said that the ILP is necessary to protect the people from the invasion of foreigners. The Meghalaya Police have arrested and searched for the leaders of various political parties and prosecuted them as terrorists while those who rape, murder and corrupt are not willing.
At the end of the match, Badondor Marbaniang was awarded the Man of the match award for his performance and creating many opportunities for the team. batch.
On 01.12.23 in East Khasi Hills, it will be held at Sohra Civil Subdivision for Sohra and Shella.
On the other hand, we as the leading leaders like the Presidents, Secretaries at that time were searching for us and we had to flee and the cases that were registered against us at that time have arrived. There are more than 120 or 130 cases registered and there was a time when we had to appear in court and now it is over.
When contacted by the ruling party, some MDCs from the ruling party declined to comment.
“For 25-30 years, those who have contested elections are only the rich, only if they have money, they want to contest elections, while the intellectuals and political experts who want to serve the righteousness. they don't dare, because they don't have the money," he added.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, today admitted that some of the residents in the state have expressed to the Congress party that it is not the opposition party that will bring about the absence of government. There is no confidence motion in the government but it is time for the political parties in the coalition government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) to move it in the House.
However, the Constituent Assembly or the group that took part in the drafting of the Constitution has not passed the Sixth Schedule.
At the same time, he also thanked the leaders of the club who have worked hard to develop the sports club.
Nongpoh: A man driving a Scooty (AS-01-EX-0271) has died in a road accident at 7 pm this evening. hashen, after he was hit by a truck number AS-01-DC-9
On the other hand, BJP Vice President Bernard Marak immediately denied that he was running a crime camp at his farm house in Rimpu Bagan. This is not expected as the BJP has gained strength in Garo Hills with the passing of the days.
With the large amount of money spent on other sports such as football and Formula 1, the country is now turning to this sport in order to enrich it.
In a statement, the SP of East Jaintia Hills, JS Dhanoa, IPS, said that at about 11 pm, a public hearing is scheduled to be held regarding the factory's desire to increase the The SP has increased the production of dewbilat from 2,600 TPD to 4,500 TPD and installed a 10 MW Captive Power Plant (CPP) and a 9.5 MW Waste Heat Recovery System (WHRS). About 100-150 people came to the scene and damaged the structure and chairs set up for this purpose.
Shakliar also asked where is the Rs 227 crore that the MLA has brought , who has been able to work on those Rs 227 crore and if the MLA has brought it , he should help the people , he should stand up for the development of the people and not to destroy them, where the people from 10 years until now since the constituency has remained the same except for the 7 and 15 thousand.
This statement proves that there is a behavior of the rich and the poor as well which has destroyed the forests and destroyed the wealth that is in them which will not be inherited from generation to generation while man is still on earth. world.
Vincent Pala said that he is against the resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly on 19th November 2019 demanding that the Government of India should implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Akrisha said that the Hima Mylliem should get the NOC from the Rangbah Shnong and when she went to see they had the approval of the Rangbah Shnong, so she said that she went to meet the Rangbah Shnong. The Hima Mylliem has found that the Hima Mylliem has forged the documents of Bah Arun Leonard Mawrie.
As I have seen, the Khasi community is the most prone to childbirth, the most prone to alcoholism among men and women, the most prone to alcohol deaths in the middle age.
At the end of the ceremony, three priests took part in the blessing of the cemetery while the relatives gathered together to pray for the graves of those related to them. .
“What is surprising is that I have seen today that it has appeared in the media that the District Council has given its approval,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by KSUSWKHD Secretary Donboklang Khongsit, Political Secretary Steward Malngiang, former President of KSUSWKHD and Health Secretary SSSS. Bah Bok Syiem, and prayers from Bah S.Shylla.
Dr. Aman War said that during this time of climate change, there are always those who have fever and chills, but they should not be afraid that it is the Corona Virus and they should come to the hospital. for treatment and verification.
That is the New Jerusalem which will come down from heaven from the throne of God during the 1000 year reign of Jesus Christ.
Some of the robbers who have been arrested said that before they were arrested by the police, they never went to the hospital and never thought of sending for a check up.
The purpose of the union is to provide security for them when they go to sell goods across the villages in the state.
Ah! This is the shisha and the ima.
Deputy Commissioner, Jagdish Chelani, IAS, said that this is the first time that arm wrestling has been included in the Meghalaya Games and the Meghalaya Games have brought many benefits to the athletes. , men and women athletes.
The shopkeepers said that the decision of the District Council and the Hima Mylliem, is good, if they can really implement the decision, because in the past there has been a decision not to allow anymore. However, it has not worked at all, and many shops have been closed.
That is why Jesus said – “Your heart is far from me”.
Therefore, the team will prepare for the quarter final on Friday (24th) against the NCC of Mizoram.
On the 6th of November, a special training was held on how to glamorization of traditional food.
Speaking on the incident in Mukroh and the handoff of investigation by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that The KSU does not want the investigation to end like the investigation in Langpih.
In the match between Dhana SC and Thangskai Tiger, Dhana SC opened the scoring through Wanlam Kassar 7′ and this goal lasted only a short time and Thangskai SC turned the game into a draw through a goal. Shanlang Rymbai 12′.
She said that this incident happened a few days after a WhatsApp message was spread asking the people of the village to inform them if Bah George B Lyngdoh enters the house of a person in this area.
I feel like they are still settling between my Father and you.
Speaking to media, Bah Donbok Kharshandi, said that the reason why eight villages have requested to be removed from the Urban List is because of the large number of residents in these villages. They are still farmers who earn their living from agriculture and who are also from poor families. Therefore, the inclusion of these villages in the list has caused a huge loss to these villages. village, because many of the schemes that they should have received have been lost.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that as the RDA, we are pleased that in the debate to elect the RDA candidate, only one name, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, has come out. “The RDA will work together for the MP elections as well as for the upcoming MDC elections, and the RDA will continue to hold meetings to still qualifying on many issues," he said.
These policemen who went on duty to guard the Lok Sabha election in West Bengal have faced many difficulties due to various incidents.
Wanpyntngen, who was shot in the bomb, was shot and stabbed his son in the neck until he died on the spot.
Throughout my career, I have worked in New Delhi.
“If the Government feels that the Roster System is to compensate for the loss of Garo since 1972, this is another punishment, punishment and guilt. Khasi youth who are looking for jobs now"
KHLIEHRIAT: Up to nine cows have been killed after being shot dead in Lumshyrmit village, East Jaintia Hills District on Thursday.
The team of 17 players was led by Donny R. Ranee-President MWA, Lorenza Songthiang as Team Coach and Jessica Kharumnuid as Team Manager.
In addition, the network and internet are increasingly slow without talking to the villagers.
At the time of writing, the cause of the incident is still unknown.
"Hep, can you accept me with all those problems?" Lydia asked again.
Before the appearance of the devil, Everyone worshiped God.
Shillong: The Central Puja Committee (CPC) of Meghalaya has decided to request the state government to reopen churches across the state.
Everything will change.
The State Government has decided to introduce a scientific method of mining coal.
Shillong: The heavy logging in Bhoi area of ​​Meghalaya under Jirang Hima, Ri Bhoi District has forced motorcycles to transport timber as well as trucks to Assam.
If you have to go to work early in the morning, you will lose water because the water comes from 10 am to 12 pm.
The race will start from Mawlynnong, from 6:15 pm to 6:15 pm.
Therefore, she said it would have been better to bring in the Central Bureau of Investigation or CBI to investigate the allegations related to the illegal mining and trade of coal.
Regarding the Primary Health Centre, the village leaders of the area, while talking to this reporter, said that they need the government to upgrade the Primary Health Center to a Primary Health Centre. Community Health Centre.
“The victory of Bah Pius will unite the people, the parties and especially the Regional Party Alliance (RDA) which is allied with the HSPDP,” said Dr Jemino.
The Seiñraij Tuber has also sent a letter to the Prime Minister requesting him to set up a gallery, museum, cultural center and others.
For more information please call No.7085717725, 7005217560,
“I would like to thank you for this, because while there are meetings, the MLA has agreed and said that he is 5 years older than other MLAs of 45 years.
The Uniform Civil Code is the law within India to make one country, one LANGUAGE and one religion. The proposal to pass the UCC came from the Hindu religious parties such as the RSS, VHP and Bajrang Dal.
The purpose of the festival is to showcase the richness of the culture and uniqueness of the Khasi through the traditional items and food available in different parts of the state.
Deputy CEM, JHADC, Ma Lasky Rymbai has launched an ambulance for Pynthorsale village.
“This Act is on the basis of the creation of the State Anthem.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has decided to lodge a complaint with the National Green Tribunal (NGT) against the blue color of the Lukha River and the death of thousands of fish.
Other members who sought clarification on Aadhaar included Paul Lyngdoh, Ardent Basaiawmoit, Metbah Lyngdoh and even Prestone Tynsong. companies that issue Aadhaar cards.
The Assam newspapers reported on it.
“I don't need to know the personal details of a person, my job is to do business,” he said.
He said that Dharmu is one of those whom the HNLC has been watching closely for a long time, as he works well in Shallang area, with the help of the MLA of the area, Bah Gigur. Myrthong.
He opposed the division of Jowai Sub Division to merge Block I and Block II into Mikir Hills (now Karbi Anglong) in 1951 during the United Khasi Jaintia Autonomous District.
The mock drill was held at Balawan College, Umsning, where the training on how to take precautionary measures or help those affected by the The earthquake measured 6.5 magnitude on the Richter Scale and was also attended by the response teams.
This insect breeds in the snur or branches or branches of the bark of the coffee tree.
To be accurate, the Index and the Appendix may be called the Appendix.
Another MDC said that the excitement of many MDCs for the MDC elections to be held next year has been delayed and this spread of stories may also be true.
Speaking in the Budget Session on 19th June, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the government has allocated T.344 crore for the protection of the Umiew catchment area in East Khasi Hills District. The Ganol River is located in the Garo Hills.
The deceased was identified as Amstrong Khonglah, 23, brother of Katdilia Khonglah, who died on Sunday along with Morison Dhar, said the Waheh Shnong of Lamin, Golden Gashnga.
However, on the other hand, he expressed his surprise to see that the stone has changed its appearance and does not look like it did during the years he owned it and this was reported in the media.
The buskit can cost up to 60,000 tyngka per kilo of heroin and up to 300 tyngka per kilo of ganja depending on their strength.
Replying to a motion by the Leader of the Opposition, PN Syiem, the Chief Executive Member (KHADC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne said that the Instrument should be read carefully. of Accession and the Annexed Agreement was signed between the Federation of Khasi States and the Government of India between 15th November, 1947 and 19th October
The protest started from the commercial vehicle stand near the Police Point and then they held a march with placards to sit at Lad Kiang Nangbah for 10 days, while in the evening they held a mombati.
It may be recalled that after the support of these two, on the same night, the robbers set fire to the residence of Bah Methodious Dkhar known as Meda Infrastructure Pvt Ltd in Laitumkhrah.
Shillong: The fourth Amur Falcon Festival will be held on the 7th and 8th of November at Tyrso Pyllun in Ri-Bhoi District.
Regarding the announcement by the HSPDP, the UDP, one of the leading opposition parties in the Legislative Assembly, has asked whether the party will nominate a candidate. Speaking to some of the UDP leaders, it was understood that the UDP will not support Pastor Basaiawmoit but it too has its own candidate. the organization has been able to stand.
What I want to show through this paper is that our country has been invaded by many foreigners which has destroyed the identity of the Khasi (Tribals). Now the names of many places are called Khyllah which we don't even know the meaning of that word but we call and follow because we can't translate them into Khasi.
He said that what is needed now is to honor the health workers who are fighting and working hard against the Covid-19 pandemic.
He urged the youth to register as My Bharat Volunteers and join the My Bharat campaign.
The child left to go outside at 8 pm, but disappeared without returning home.
If these Knia Ryngkaw rituals cannot be completed, the Seiñraij Mukhla will not be able to hold the Behdeiñkhlam rituals, said Sari.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Ribanroilang Lyngdoh, congratulated these youths who were honored by the Heritage Committee of the Khun Kur Longtrai Lai Kynthei.
Nongpoh: Sumer FC has won the 7Invitation Football Tournament organized by Umsaitsning Sports Society and Cultural Club at Umsaitsning Village Stadium. Shipara FC beat 2-0
Regarding the resignation of seven MLAs who were MDCs at the same time, Shylla said that Article 191 of the Constitution of India has prevented him from doing so. MLAs shall not hold office or positions related to the Government of India or the State Government, but the District Council is an autonomous body which is not a department of the Government of India or a department of the State Government. the Government of Meghalaya.
The DC said that for the sake of the welfare and peace and order of the people, an order has been issued under Section 144 CrPC issued on 11.07.2023 to ban the movement of The residents or any groups within a radius of 1 km from the site of these illegal coal mining factories have been directed to cooperate with the District Administration while this work is ongoing, bynrap the Deputy Commissioner's statement.
The issue that has been discussed at many meetings to enrich the Khasi language does not have a complete answer to why the Khasi language is declining. that it may be as it is in this age.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State NCP (NCP) has appealed to the people of Hynniewtrep to give their full support to the Congress Party for the MP election. We can enjoy freedom without being a slave and especially to escape from the attacks by the BJP as it happens from time to time whether in other states of the country or even in our own state. .
These MTC buses are running from Shillong-Nongstoin-Williamnagar-Tura, as it is no longer safe to run from Assam after the incident.
The churches cried out and warned, but many fell into the trap.
Thank you very much for your feedback.
“The damage caused by the Umngi River has affected the households, livestock and income because they will flee if they lose their homes,” he said.
Shillong, Iaiong 4: The state government has not yet considered whether to revive the online lottery in the state.
Regarding the Reservation Policy in the state, Bah Donbok said that the policy is not yet complete as they have found in the RTI that they have requested that it is still only an Office Memorandum.
The sources said that the state government has also expressed its readiness to forgive the party in the near future.
The DGP said that through the hard work of the police in the state, they have also arrested people involved in the theft of vehicles and in the last four months they have also seized 31 vehicles. stolen vehicles, including heavy and light vehicles, 90 expensive mobile phones and weapons.
In the coming days, he will visit the coal depots and urged the people and NGOs to join hands if they want to protect Meghalaya. Meghalaya".
:On the morning of 12th June 2024, a clash broke out between the land dealers at Viewpoint and the village leaders of Mawïongrim.
We want the Government to listen to us and give us time to sit down and talk”.
This new incident came to light at a time when there was a delay in the recruitment of Primary and Upper Primary teachers.
“However, it will be up to the EC to examine what is right and what is wrong,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Five Indians, four Russians, two South Koreans and an Irishman were on board.
“There are about 51 Entry-Exit Points in Meghalaya but none of them has been completed, which shows that the Government has not taken any action to protect the State from the entry of foreigners. and the authorities of the land," he said.
However, during elections, all political parties have the right to campaign for their own candidate and therefore should be given the right, whether it is a candidate or anyone else campaigning for of them...a platform where they can express whatever they want to say to the people on behalf of their candidate.
There are those who help because of their compassion for others.
In fact, if it hadn't been for the enemy, perhaps many of the fishermen would have been able to catch or catch them to eat again in their homes.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Minister of Electricity, Clement R Marak, today informed the JAC leaders that MeCEL should prepare the bill. pay monthly electricity within 30 days, in order to provide convenience to the people especially those who are low income.
The injured were identified as Bahunlin Basaiawmoit, Bahun Japan, Abisha Tariang, Donna Mary Rani and others.
Meanwhile, BJP Meghalaya leader Nalin Kohli said that the joining of these MDCs is part of the party's efforts to strengthen the party which believes and works on the path of Sab ka sat sab ka vikas ( you grow you par you all).
No one can force anyone's voice and Father Stan himself said, "Even a bird trapped inside can sing"
Besides, police have also rescued three children, one girl and two boys.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 11: The District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District today inaugurated the Chief Minister's Block Level Under-12 Football Tournament The event was held at Saitsnad Square, Mawlangwir where Bah SC Budnah, President of Mawlangwir Sports Club was the chief guest.
Khliehriat, Nailur 21: The supporters of Justin Dkhar, former MLA of the 6th Khliehriat Constituency from Wapungskur, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the statement of Bah Justin Dkhar at the meeting. He said that all his supporters who used to support him have now supported Bah Kyrmen Shylla, the UDP candidate in the upcoming election.
“Along the footpath, there are beautifully constructed shelters but these days they have become like rain shelters for goats and cows.
The Um Shipai, today, found another body in a coal mine in Ryngksan.
If the government does not call for talks with the leaders of the Joint Action Committee of All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM), the teachers will continue their strike after that day, said a teacher.
The EDC and Entrepreneurship Cell, Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai, concluded the five-day Faculty Development Program (FDP) on Entrepreneurship Development on the 23rd of this month. to June 2024.
Do our traditional religious leaders have the courage to explain and answer that we are a nation that worships in our faith and we have nothing to do with what the RSS spreads.
We did that after the closure of our headquarters in Mawiong Rim.
He said people believe in the political strategy of the opposition parties that the BJP will convert all Christians to Hinduism and close churches, and don't eat beef.
People can accuse us of many things but after talking to our supporters, we have taken the right decision," said Bah Gavin.
They were arrested by the police together with the Magistrate who came to inspect and stop the illegal mining.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, on 13th October, informed the Assam Legislative Assembly that Mukroh village falls within the border of Assam under the jurisdiction of West Karbi Anglong District.
The story of this film is about the family in which there is a warning to the children who live happily ever after without thinking about the future.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Police, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the state government has a plan to strengthen the police force in the state.
Through this statement, the KSU Mawkasiang Unit has warned this person and others not to set up a garbage dump inside the village.
Although the UDP has not confirmed, it is understood that Bah Egenstar may contest for the UDP MDC from Nongkrem this time.
Until now, no contractor or company has been awarded to construct the road in the first phase after the previous contractor resigned part-time.
The meeting was chaired by Pa Daloi Chawas Lyngdoh who is also the Chairman of the Elaka Dorbar.
Speaking at a meeting to discuss how to avoid the accident at Polo Tower Shillong, Kropha said that the number of vehicles in the state has increased significantly but the increase in the number of vehicles has increased. the road is very easy.
On the occasion of the launch of the book, the Kur also held a short meeting at the Lawkyntang of the Kur which is also known as the chiew chyllong in Nonglyngkien. Isawanda Laloo, Chief Guest of Southwest Khasi Hills District was the chief guest and was accompanied by Bah Manstadi Nongrem President of the Union of Rangbah Kur of Southwest Khasi Hills District. sun.
You have to pass class XII to become a mechanic.
Jowai, July 3: The Ladrymbai market, the largest market in East Jaintia Hills, has caught fire this morning.
The rules or customs that we believe that God has given us are to be righteous, to earn righteousness, to be righteous, and to be righteous.
Then how many kilograms per day you carry and how many times you burn or clean.
Although the MDCs did not want to comment on the news, sources said that the matter has progressed as the NPP leaders have already met with them.
The meeting was also attended by MPCC Executive President James Lyngdoh, State Women's President Joplin Scott Shylla and Min Makri. The meeting was conducted by the President of Mawhati BCC, Bah D. Daminot Sylliang. Short speeches were delivered by Bah Charles Marngar, Adviser of Mawhati BCC. Short speeches were delivered by Bah PW Muktieh, Bah Min Makri, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh, Kong Joplin Scott Shylla. Nongpoh, Jymmang 17: As part of the efforts to improve income generation through the trade in the market, especially in the villages on the border and Leaders of the Raid Marmain, today inaugurated a market known as Marme Haat or Marmain Market at Markang village, Ri Bhoi District.
In addition to [24]7
The answer to that weeping, wailing, and crying out is clearly seen in these words; “(Exodus 3:7-8) and “(Revelation 21:1) And the poet William Watson tells a story through a poem entitled about the pride and arrogance of a city.
From the Forest and Environment Department, no scheme has been allocated to the village.
Referring to the information facilities, we have urged the DCs to prepare plans to identify the areas which do not have information facilities and perhaps to take the assistance of the MPRO to ensure that the information facilities are available. work equally.
War5
About 1900 people have been arrested under the CrPC for violating the rules.
Musk said the Tesla Roadster will be on the road in
In the Khasi thought, the land called Meiramew is the source of all living things, then the shylluit, the seilung, the speh, the man, the san and the mer until they are born. it is the time to grow fully, to grow until it withers, falls and dies completely that the new seeds begin their journey to germinate, to be born again, to continue their legacy of life and so on.
“100 out of 100 I will win the election from South Shillong Constituency because I have been able to bring peace and development in the Constituency especially when I have been able to achieve the aspirations of the people. “I don't put ksew or police at home and the people are happy to meet me and it is because of love that they win honorably,” said Bah Sanbor Shullai. I'm sorry.
Congress Leader Sonia Gandhi has launched the debate on behalf of the MPs in the Opposition.
The KSU also demanded that the KHADC should not recognize Khasi as those who have married Dkhars.
The National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday said that some of the great achievements of the President of the Voice of State (NPP) The People's Party (VPP) and Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit have discussed the issue of kilo cutting of agricultural products and the promotion of breeds.
She also demanded that the government should increase the price of ration distribution through PDS for one year according to the provisions of the Food Security Act, and should also give a bonus of 20 per cent which is too much. the MSP of all types of food.
Pawan said the officer was involved in the collapse of the dome. Ransom Sutnga will contest the NPP election from North Shillong constituency and Dr Aman War will contest the election from the NPP. The United Democratic Party (UDP) will contest from North Shillong.
Especially to the choir singers of this era we should give praise.
Raphael Samuel will sue his parents for giving birth to him without their consent.
“I had a vision to create opportunities to encourage young people to set up proper schools in the rural areas so that people from the rural areas do not have to look for good schools in the city.
Is it enough to sympathize and donate 10 or 10 kilos? The loss and damage to income and income is terrible.
The Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) has taken another step in its activities on 15th November by opening a Drop in Center for Senior Citizens in the village. Moosalyngkat, Jowai.
Most of them came from remote areas of these cities (Shillong, Jowai, Tura).
“Once again, I ask you to continue the conversation, the door is still open.
The diseases are Covid 19 pneumonia with sepsis and diabetes mellitus.
In the evening, he went home in the same way as he had come and continued his daily journey to complete his studies.
The mother, who is filled with grief, on the advice of her neighbors and villagers to go for treatment to a nearby herbalist who has been treated with a knife even in the midst of the child's illness. a bseiñ stone in the place where the bseiñ has been cut, where the physician believes that this stone will remove the bih from the wound of the hand.
Bah Rymbai urged the State Government to release all the additional funds of T.104 crore for the past three years which is the funds for the payment of salaries. SSA teachers according to the capping norms of the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan in addition to the 10 percent contribution from the state government for the remaining months' salaries which should be released.
Chennai City FC have 18 points, followed by Neroca FC (14), Real Kashmir FC (14), Churchill Brothers (13), Minerva Punjab (12), East Bengal (12), Kerala (10), Mohun Bagan (9). , AIzawl FC
This may explain why some diseases are more severe during the rainy season, they told Nature Communications.
This must be stopped, find a solution, what to do, discuss, try to find the best way for everyone, not just for one nation, one person, one group but for Manipur as a whole.
Shillong, June 20 : The girls football team of Ïewrynghep Secondary School, Mawnianglah Upper Shillong, has reached the final of the 2nd San Shnong Youth Welfare Organization Inter School Football Tournament
No media, whether newspapers, or through TV, radio, mobile, SMS, shall be used as a means of campaigning without prior permission.
The Meghalaya State Volleyball Association (MSVA) has urged the MSOA to recognize the 5th Meghalaya Games. This year's event will be held in Tura, West Garo Hills.
“Therefore, we demand that the Meghalaya government should not take responsibility for these incidents that occurred after the signing of the MOU,” said a statement sent by Gredalsan Ch.
To visit Kshaid Lynshiang, the road is more difficult because it is night, but if you walk slowly, you can reach it in a short time.
I prayed that he would be well.
Speaking on the occasion, Rev Fr.Anselm Nonglang said, “It is the duty of the judges to search for those who have lost their lives, those who have been excluded from society, those who are sick and who really need help".
Where will it be suspended or deleted? As soon as the first 3 and a half years were over.
We do this to better understand their vision and be inspired by the challenges they face to bring about a better future," he said.
In the fourth match which started at 3 pm, Madanrting SC beat Nongkolew SC 0-2 goals. Shain Mujai (45) scored the two goals for Nongkolew SC. & 68 min).
We see that the current Khadar system is just to get votes because they understand that if it is a fair election, the people will reject this Government.
The Raid Nongtung has been severely affected by the border demarcation between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam.
Shylla said that until today (17/05/2019) they have not been able to transport coal even though the Supreme Court has released it since 15/05/2
Some of the candidates replied that it is no longer useful to bring people together, it only affects the budget and that the people are now clear and they don't come out in public, but meet face to face with the candidate they support.
No transportation of passengers will be allowed outside Shillong and those traveling to other districts or outside Shillong will have to pass through proper passes.
This migration of young people from their own state is not only those who have learned, but also those who are still uneducated to go to other states to look for jobs, by working in companies, in hotels, in shops and other jobs.
He said that after talks with Bah Fantin, an allocation of 3.50 lakh was allocated while Bah Fantin also donated T.2 lakh for the completion of the house.
According to him, the schemes implemented through the PMKKKY in Sohra include the improvement of the water supply to the Circuit House, Sohra Civil Sub-Division through a new Pumping Water Supply Scheme from the nearby shyngiar. The construction of the Rain Water Harvesting Plant for the Circuit House Sohra Civil Sub Division has cost T.31,65,0
“I don't believe there will be any mistakes in the work especially the synroplang work,” he said.
Through the absence of Teinwell Dkhar, PN Syiem, Speaker of the Council, declared Latiplang the winner without any opposition.
However, the biggest threat is the destruction of the environment because once the environment is destroyed, the human beings who live in it will no longer have life.
Speaking to media, the Minister said, “The police have worked hard in the past years and have put their lives at risk and have arrested many people and have Many types of incidents have been prevented and the police have worked overtime to ensure that those involved in disrupting the peace and order in the state should be severely punished.
The priests reportedly performed a 'Parikrama' ritual in which three female cows were brought to the temple.
From the 21st March 2019 until the funeral service on the 23rd March 2019, the body will be laid to rest at Mary Help Christian Church, Laitumkhrah.
JOWAI: U Mihsalan Chyrmang (17) of Jalaphet village, Bri Sutnga, has drowned in a valley in Jalaphet village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Furthermore, they said that if it is the day of the Sohra market, they don't have time to come to work, other days will not be discussed.
The meeting also called on fellow Christians not to deviate from the teachings of upholding truth, righteousness and impartiality.
Shillong, Nailar 7: On the night of 6th July 2023, an LP truck (ML-05 G 9528) was driven by a man named Youmiky Kharshandi. A 20-year-old car, carrying 12 muid, which was going up from Pynursla to Laityngkot, broke down at Langkyrdem and was repaired.
The incident happened on the India-Bangladesh border, about two hours away from Donaskur.
This statement of the Pastor may shed light on many Christians who are afraid to print Aadhaar because they associate it with the number 666 as a wild beast to bring evil.
Thousands of Kur Units from all over the villages of Bri u Hynniewtrep including 14 Kur Units and 22 villages attended the Dorbar.
Varthaman's family expressed their shock when they saw the picture of their son on the television programme.
When you go to the doctors even if you have a fever, you don't have to check the disease. After examination, you are sent for tests, scanning and others. just a trick on how to make money.
Nongstoiñ, March 22: The West Khasi Hills District Police Department on Saturday marked the Martyr's Day of the policemen who died in the fighting against the groups. and they went out into all the land.
When I see such people, I think that they are happy or that they don't feel strong anymore or why? But thank God that they still know how to change while they are here on earth.
We pray that there will be Nehemiahs who truly love the country and the nation, to call for the rebuilding of the destroyed areas, our precious land.
““Any issue should have a thorough analysis and I cannot just criticize at this time but according to my knowledge, the arrival of the railway in Mendipathar has greatly benefited the people of Garo Hills and we also have our own problems.
Lions owners Harini Yadav and Karishma Yadav have expressed their satisfaction with the signing of Somnath and Jorg. It will help the team to select talented players whose names will remain in the competition.
“There are about 18,000 people who cook lunch,” she said. She said that the salary they receive does not match the job they do.
It will be a violation of the law or a Constitutional anomaly.
“After a while, I told him, I still have another voice to play and then he gave me a stick, but as soon as I started playing one or two sticks, he took the stick again and followed. I'm going to kill you,” said Banshem.
From the back, there are parts that can climb to the top only by those who can climb slowly.
“Many of these incidents are not known to the public because no one is willing to report and even the police department has been silent and has not taken action to investigate, arrest and punish the robbers involved in the incident. “These are the activities that defame the villages, the society and the State,” said a statement sent by TUR. paid and as a small nation and state we have many challenges to fight against whether it is the unemployment of the youth, the decline in agriculture, trade, income, destruction of forests, floods to diseases and lack of health care and so on.
Of the four arrested, Hopeful Nongtdu belongs to M/S HV Coke Limited and three others belong to M/S Yash Coke Limited.
The SMB has urged all the people to be clean and to follow the advice to protect themselves and others from the coronavirus.
These Bangladeshis were arrested in Ratacherra.
Nongpoh, November 01: The District AIDS Control Officer Ri-Bhoi today held a meeting to spread the message on the dangers of HIV/AIDS and to explain to the public the prevention measures. The district celebrated World AIDS Day at the Auditorium Hall Umsning.
According to government sources, MeCEL has not turned off the electricity supply due to the heavy rainfall in Jaintia Hills.
However, it is not known how Badri Prasad has re-entered the contract.
Skhemborlang Marwein (51kg).
Peter J. Lawai, Asst.General Secretary, KSU Central Body, has sent a letter of resignation to the KSU, saying that he can no longer continue in this position. The office bearer and member of the Seng also said that it is for his personal reasons.
The village was well known because the people of Kane were very bright despite their weakness and lack of income.
The unit was formed at the Kur Pale Hall, Ialong in the presence of 2-Jowai Constituency candidate Moonlight Pariat, UDP General Secretary Kitboklang Nongtdu, UDP leaders and supporters from all over the country. I'm from Jowai Constituency.
The total amount paid in the current financial year is Rs 22.56 Crore.
They were forced to work inside an Ayurveda clinic known as Susmay Arogya Clinic at Dilshad Garden, West Delhi even after they left the place where they worked.
The union also suggested that the PHC needs to have adequate campus fencing, water storage tank, electricity supply, street lights so that it can provide adequate services and also the safety of the staff and staff. On the other hand, the Seng leaders will meet with the District Medical and Health Officer and the Sub Divisional Officer Engineering Wing East Khasi Hills Shillong to demand that all the necessities of this PHC be provided. PHC.Shillong, Nailur 8: The State Government has expressed its deep sorrow over the threat of the GNLA to bomb government offices on the grounds that the Chief Minister of the State has called for talks only with the HNLC. The GNLA has threatened to blow up government offices as well as Congress offices because the prime minister does not want to talk to the rebel groups in Garo Hills. On this issue, the state government has written to the Indian government to talk to the GNLA and other armed groups in the state. The Indian government has refused to talk to the GNLA as it is still involved in the insurgency in Garo Hills.
Hep in the village, as soon as he had finished eating, called some of his friends to go to the hill of his mother, which was the cause of the quarrel, to plant mawpud himself.
The question is whether those youths who have gone to work in the cities of India cannot work in these hotels in Shillong.
We don't have ration cards, or documents to prove that we are employees.
At the same time, he claimed that even Boston had already clarified that there was no kidnapping of him.
And it is wrong to honor only the supporters of the local MLA or MDC. As Christians, we should not be partial.
SHILLONG: The National People's Party (NPP) is ready to form a new executive committee together with its ally United Democratic Party (UDP) in the JHADC.
He also explained how drones can help farmers to solve their problems and also to deliver their produce to the market.
Ma Editor, I request you to publish my Press Release which I sent on 8.1.2020 and send it back below because the people will remain in darkness if you don't explain the blindness of Bah Bimdo M The decision of the Supreme Court is not on the Excise Act, 1910 but directly on Regulation No.5 of
In order for the dialogue to go smoothly, we have stopped all illegal activities, which we hope that the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep have seen through the media.
The Assam Rifles Marksmen won 12 gold, 3 silver and 9 bronze medals.
In the meeting with the CEM, JNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh sought clarification on the steps taken by the JHADC to recognize the Jaintia symbol which has been approved by the JHADC. month of October 2021.
The Lok Ayukta was implemented after a protest by the members of the Right to Information Act led by Rangbah Michael Syiem and other members.
The four organizations also accepted the invitation of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah WR Lyngdoh to meet them tomorrow at 2 pm at his office.
Most Rev. Archbishop's Victor Lyngdoh DD gave a speech of thanks to all the employees of the Forest Department. , Bah MM Thaiang and other elders who also took part in the planting of trees.
In the driving industry, it is also common for oneself to be too self-sufficient, while the one coming in front or behind is not self-sufficient and therefore tragic incidents happen.
He has no love for God and for his fellow human beings and this is a great poverty and shortcoming.
When inquired, the SP said that the time of the incident cannot be confirmed, but police have received information that it was in the morning, and the department has tightened security at the scene. the house.
NASA has warned that there are asteroids near Earth, one of which will pass at 7.29 AM GMT and the other at 7.49 AM. NASA says the first asteroid, VQ6, is about 12 meters to 35 meters in diameter, while the second asteroid, VP7, has a diameter of 12 meters to 28 meters. diameter.
Shillong, Lber 19: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Saturday said that the VPP has decided not to sit in the Opposition in the House but the Opposition will sit in the House. be independent without affiliation with any Opposition party and shall not be able to function independently as a party in the Opposition.
“We the dealers of petrol pumps what we do is we pump water from time to time to ensure that our underground tanks are clean.
A news release from the ARPA said that Kong Khymdeit may withdraw from the contest before there is a power struggle.
Police have registered the death of a Nepali man named Romesh Thapa and arrested him.
The SP of West Garo Hills, SP Singh, said that after receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies that Signal was in the area, the police immediately raided the area. and it was in the evening that they arrested him.
The reason for the departure of the company which built this road should also be investigated.
On the HNLC's demand for an amnesty for all those charged, Conrad said, “There are some issues that require involvement at certain levels, therefore it is not appropriate for me to talk about this part".
Furthermore, four villages including Nongmisei, Nongkabur, Nongumkap and Porthnang, want to draw their electricity from the line from Nongjri, Mapaier, Nongmisei to Nongumkhap which fall under the Mawshynrut MePDCL Division.
With the appointment, Manmohan Singh's cabinet has reached 77 members.
NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa led the burning ceremony in the presence of KSU leaders, FKJGP members and others. others.
This was stated by Bah Metbah, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, at the General Meeting of the UDP Mairang Circle held in Mairang in the presence of thousands of people.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) NEHU unit today closed down the office of the Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla.
Rev.KG Snaitang Pastor In Charge of the Presbyterian Church Nonglang in a statement said that all the Christians who intend to attend the service especially the Delegates from Nonglang are cold. and the people shall provide for their own needs.
It can be said that the road is the source of income and makes it easier for the residents and commuters to travel but if the roads are bad and if the construction is not according to The saying, “that the road is the source of income”, will become a thing of the past.
Leaders of the union including president Bah Tyngshain Lapang said that they do not agree with the transfer of management of Shillong Medical College to the company as this will affect the future of the students in classroom admission and other benefits. reserve.
The words “MDC Rules” clearly define the powers of MDCs within the District Council.
After the Communist Party of India (Marxist), another coalition party, the Aam Aadmi Party, has pledged to support the Congress candidates for the Lok Sabha elections. in Himachal Pradesh.
The threat is also against the scholars, the people, and the merchants.
So far, the PCF has received the support of only the HSPDP.
He stressed on the need to ask for assistance in various fields.
There have been 183 new cases in Mumbai, bringing the total number of cases in Mumbai to 1,9
“We have not yet held a meeting to decide whether to accept or find another way,” he added.
This was announced by the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR Tiwari, who said that the state has received about 40 policemen from the central government to patrol for the elections. armed police forces (CAPFs).
At the same time, the statement said that the department will do everything in its power to ensure a proper investigation into the incident and to get justice as soon as possible.
The teacher also thanked Bah Everest Myrsing, Academic Mentor Bharti Foundation, West Jaintia Hills for encouraging her to apply online for ZIIEI. HRD Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal on the occasion of the 25th Anniversary of the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) in Delhi on the 17th of this month.
Regarding this celebration, the Syiem and the people decided that the celebration should not be just a ritual, or just a spectacle on this great day. that the children of the thousands of the kingdom understand this day and also the students, or the later ones, know in detail about this great king who carried his sword and spear to fight against him. that's right, you're thma, you're shuwar.
Speeches were also delivered by SP Crime Vivek Syiem and Toki Blah.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday, said that nearly 100 students have been released from Manipur and brought safely into the state.
The report will also include recommendations not only for Meghalaya but for the North East as a whole.
Meanwhile, Bindo said the meeting has decided to accept any decision of the UDP Shella circle for the mid-term elections to be held in the coming months.
The MOU was signed between the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhayay and Huda Jaffer, Director of SELCO Foundation in the presence of Bah M. Tongper, ADC, Dr P. Kharnarry, Additional DMHO, Dr B.Blah, and officials from Sierra Leone, Ethiopia and Burkina Faso.
He said that they should not be afraid because even the law enforcement agencies have banned the killing of fish, wildlife, birds and all aquatic creatures.
Shillong: The Chiehruphi S&YWSC Fifth Money Prize Knock Out Football Tournament 2019 opened today.
Meanwhile, Moolamanoh SC and Rymbai Wahshnong SC have been relegated to the First Division after not playing well this season.
Vivek Syiem has been transferred from the post of Superintendent of Police (Anti-Infiltration) and appointed as Superintendent of Police (City) Shillong.
Earlier, speaking to media, the president of the HYC West Khasi Hills District, Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, said that the lack of teachers according to the needs of the children and teachers has affected the school. in the district of West Khasi Hills, and it is also an injustice that affects the students of those schools.
Similarly, the EM and MDC of the HSPDP, Kong Grace M Kharpuri, said that the UDP's demand to replace the leader cannot be accepted immediately.
In the 55th minute, Joplangki Challam scored the first goal for Nangbah Iawmusiang against Demthring in the 1-1 draw.
Besides, some tourists do not have adequate accommodation and have to return to Assam or Guwahati.
Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.
In addition to the assistance, troops from Meghalaya arrived in Jharkhand on Tuesday.
They threatened the seven that if they do not deliver T.2 crore each, they will take action.
“Bah Pala with the support of the UPA government has been able to bring about many development projects in the state like the Shillong By Pass, Four Lane and Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura roads,” said Faleiro.
The leaders of the group of filmmakers also announced that the actors who have received training from this two-day program will have the opportunity to act in various films prepared by the filmmakers.
The Rangbah Raij, especially the Syiem Khyrim, should have sympathized with the sons of Tamsneng, otherwise they have no right to sit on the throne lest the previous chiefs sympathize with them because they have not signed the Instrument of Merger. India Solansar.
He said that the lack of funds is a matter of concern because we have to provide for the needs of the children, staff, salary and also to run the work of the office.
The salary of government employees in Meghalaya is lower compared to other states, or to the employees of the Government of India and where does the money collected from the people go?
The opening of the water supply system in the village has been a great benefit to the people of the village, in which the residents of the village, have praised the Minister of Government. At the same time, they praised Bah George B.Lyngdoh for his hard work in the construction of the water supply system. to the people of that town.
However, it is surprising that these aganwadis, who number more than 3000 in the state, have not received the T.50 per month as the Meghalaya government has promised to the Indian government.
On the reservation in the state, Toki said, “We have reservation here because of our tribal identity.
