The Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Durbar together with various organizations came out to hold placards in front of the NHIDCL office at Barik to protest against the construction of the road from Shillong. – Ask Dawki.
Even Shillong does not have adequate training facilities and for example, the Badminton players of the State have only two training facilities, one Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium at Lachumiere and the other JN Sports Complex at Polo. .
They also requested the government to force the central government to auction the 32 lakh tonnes of coal in the state rather than importing it from abroad.
Last year, the Megha Kayak Fest was also held with the participation of athletes from all over the world.
They obey whatever the government tells them to do.
Why didn't the Meghalaya Police arrest these two Khar poiei?
The arrival of the AICC leaders in Shillong for an interview came after a complaint from the party MLAs to replace the party leadership in the state.
Hawking, one of the greatest physicists, has died in Cambridge, England, the report said.
Why do you say that? Because in the past three years from 2018 to 2023, we have faced many problems as a nation we have to suffer because the people have mistakenly trusted the MDA 1.0 government and those who do not believe that they are They are the leaders and those who speak only with their mouths that they love the nation.
He said the party has also sent a letter to the Prime Minister since June to urge him to stop the construction of the railway line.
BS Lyngdoh, President LYWA.By Bah Philip MarweiñCoal has been a good market for many needs since ancient times and the coal mining in this area has started since the time of the British rule.
When planting in the fields, care should be taken that the soil does not flow into the fields.
Even the most stupid person cannot accept this government's plan.
To mislead,
On Tuesday, the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev Victor Lyngdoh, visited the residence of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to pray for him and the new Ministers before they leave. leave to go to the Governor's house for the swearing-in ceremony.
In 2014-2018, the government's expenditure was Rs 8700 crore while this government has spent Rs 14000 crore, which means 'when there are many expenditures, there are many development projects' Sheet The Balance Sheet of the Government.
There have been 61 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries in the state to 11,4
On Tuesday, another group led by a man named Pratim Datta, who also claimed to be a member of Sanatani Dharma, came with the same demands. However, the school authorities stand on the same ground and on this, Datta promised to lead the villagers and the swamiji inside the school to hold the Puja at any cost.
He said the government is only a spectator because it cannot find the people involved in the shooting of civilians.
He said that this is for the benefit of the people and that one of these toll gates should be closed as soon as possible.
Also present on the occasion were Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District Abhilash Baranwal IAS, BDO Khliehriat Dr. Tammiyaki Shylla, Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District G. Warjri, Kong SD Shylla, Tourism Officer, residents. village and others.
On the other hand, the family members demanded that the District Magistrate and the Superintendent of Police should be tested for NARCO.
He said that this is the first time that he has gone by himself soon to appoint the sordars as he has come to Raid Nongblai.
Therefore, through this meeting, these leaders of the Union have been able to discuss many of these issues and decided to take action and to meet with the higher authorities, in order to discuss these issues. discussed, he added.
“I was surprised when I saw these fractures in the x ray report and after that, I sent for a CT scan and it showed the same and so the patient was discharged on Tuesday. " said Dr. Saini.
The UDP Party also stands on that basis to serve the people.
This rehabilitation center has, the following facilities, the rehabilitation of the Shniuh, Sniehdoh, Tyrsim, Niuhmat, and rehabilitation center, now there is no need to go anywhere else, these facilities There are 10 people in Shillong.
JOWAI: The office of the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jowai in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Jowai with the support of Synroplang SHG Sabahmuswang has held a District Youth Convention Program at Sabahmuswang village on 14th July
He expressed his satisfaction as the Minister of Education that the students of Class X and Class XII of Syiem Jingsuk Higher Secondary School and other schools in the area have done well in the board examinations. , 2022 that was recently announced today.
At 12:00 pm, there will be a meeting at Kynton Massar and a march will begin to lay wreaths at the grave of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew in Lawmali.
The Speaker is said to be looking into the documents to confirm whether the resignation letter of the President is true or not.
However, although the owners of the company came to return the money, it was learned that the counterfeit money paid by the factory to the owners of the coal has spread to more than T.20,0 around the city of Shahlang.
From 1989 to 1990, Ajay went to study and train as a coach at NIS Kolkata along with one of his Blue Max teammates L.Darlong.
He also stressed the importance of education and encouraged the youth to have the spirit of becoming entrepreneurs rather than applying for government jobs.
If we get more help from them, we can increase the prize money for the winners,” said President Bah Damian D. Umdor.
Earlier, the HSPDP had planned to nominate a candidate on its own side and wanted to bring in some people who are not members of the party. However, after the name of Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin appeared, the HSPDP leaders did not have any hesitation even if the RDA joint candidate was elected to contest on the flag and Earlier, the name of the President of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) Dr DRL Nonglait was also announced as a candidate but he himself withdrew from the list of candidates. In fact, the HSPDP also wants to propose the name of Dr Nonglait.
“If you look at us who drive commercial vehicles, we don't agree.
Dr Verghese Kurien is known as the 'father of the White Revolution' in India, where he started his work to increase income from the production of milk and has brought about economic growth through the Dairy Program in the country and around the world.
If Amit Shah mentions only the NPP-led MDA government which has been in power for three years, we agree, but to say that Meghalaya is corrupt is not true. for herein are included all the people of this state – I and you all.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Excise Department has seized and arrested several illegal liquor shops in the area. Shillong and surrounding areas.
Through this MUDRA Scheme, loans have been provided to young people to start their own business by paying a small amount of money.
The persecution of Christians and other minorities in Assam and other states should worry and disturb us living in Meghalaya.
Dr M Syiemlieh, Additional Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, said that the infection of thyrnia inside the body of a mother who went to give birth at the hospital in the past few days, is not true. a wrongdoing or a wrongdoing.
Shillong: A group of Hindu religious leaders have given time to Christian schools in Assam to remove all the signs of the Christian faith.
Many also do not like it because all the issues, whether small or large, especially the issues that affect the people and the country and the nation, have been thought and addressed by that High Level.
The performers include John Rani, Philbanri Sohshang, Sibi Lawai, Teihun Ryntathiang, Natasha Nongbet and Sambha Syiemlieh.
Speeches were also delivered by John Basaiawmoit, Organizing Secretary of the party in Mairang and Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang.
Also present were the Dolloi of Darrang Dolloiship, the Rangbah Shnong of Shnongpdeng and other elders and teachers.
England have lost, but their defeat has not only upset the players, but also their wives.
“In 1942, during World War II, Japanese troops rose quickly and reached Indonesia, Cambodia and Burma.
From 10 pm, many of the elders of the Hima Sohra held a meeting at the Dorbar Hall of Maraikaphon, Sohra to welcome the Acting Syiem who will take over the throne. They sent a messenger to the Syiem Freeman to ask for the keys to open the dorbar hall for the Acting Syiem to take over the Hima.
Therefore, after receiving a complaint from the people, the union immediately conducted a search operation and found out the truth about the raid. These Dkhars who used to sell kyaid freely in the market have been expelled even at this time when the government is strictly enforcing the curfew.
The Seng also said that in Meghalaya itself, English has already become the language used in offices and workplaces and has also become the language of instruction in schools and educational institutions.
"The properties of Mohd Tika Khan include three plots of land, while the properties of Mohd Shafi Wani include four plots and a house.
The pregnant woman, Bethany Karulak-Baker, who earns her living by farming fish, wants to fill her stomach with fish.
In the same year, he was appointed Symbud Lamphang of the Legislative Assembly.
It is best to repent, remember the sins we have committed and ask forgiveness from God.
Shillong, June 26: U Br.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples – War Jaintia Circle would like to inform the government, especially the authorities in charge of this project, that the Shillong-Tamabil road should not be completed. to affect this hospital if it is not included in the survey.
It is also a day to remember the first missionary who came to Garo Hills in 1933 to preach the Gospel and establish the Church to spread not only the work of the Church but also the work of the Church. in education and health care.
This incident happened at a time when the Kuki and Meitei clashes in Manipur were just beginning.
The winners of the team siatkhnam competition will receive a cash prize of 25,000 tyngka and the runner-up will receive 8000 tyngka.
"If I am injured in the fighting, I have one request and that is, "Shoot me twice in the head, because I don't want to surrender to the Taliban," Saleh said. .
Many of the teachers are not qualified to teach in schools or colleges, they still need training and for this reason the education in the state is not enough.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma, Deputy Chairman of Rajya Sabhau Harivansh Narayan Singh, Speaker of Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Thomas A. Sangma, Speaker of Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly and Chairman of CPA India Region, Zone III, Pasang D. Sonaki were also present on the occasion.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mukroh, Bah Hamboi Sumer, has released a map of the village which has been received since 1968 from the District Council of Jowai. The village ends at Moothasingkwai which is about 8-9 km from Mukroh.
Two newspapers publishing exactly the same stories during elections is not a coincidence and it is clear that these stories were published with a purpose.
This request by Bah Adelbert came after the Municipal Department issued an announcement regarding the need to register the names of dogs by their owners so that they can identify which dogs are street dogs and which owners through the 'Dogs' Tags.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall in Khasi Jaintia Hills has been expected since 8.30 am today, according to the Meteorological Department. Shillong received 86.4mm of rainfall at 8.30 pm, while today, from 8.30 pm to 5.30 pm, the rainfall was 70.8mm.
It is also necessary for those who work in foreign countries whether in trade or any other field to take responsibility to cooperate with the government authorities without hesitation. or pass through the testing centers set aside by the Government.
“I am very happy to take part in the MSL because we have never taken part in such a tournament with teams from all districts of the State.
These youths had planned to pour petrol into these lights.
This plant is usually grown in soils that are more sandy as long as they can hold water.
The blockade took place on the NH 40E in front of the DC office Jowai in Iawmusiang and on the village roads in front of Meghalaya Studio, Mission Compound and Chutwakhu areas.
At the same time, the JSU sends a message to all the Village Leaders of Bri u Hynniewtrep that they should not issue NOCs to foreigners from now on as it can seriously affect many of them. and it is also a violation of the rights of the indigenous people.
The Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jowai on Friday met with the Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS to discuss the non-implementation of the ban on quarrying and landslide in Wah Myntdu. The meeting was led by the President of the Union, Ma Alan Niangti, in the presence of the General Secretary, Ma Riquoma Rq Laloo and Ma DH Pde Treasurer.
According to the source, the incident happened yesterday at Pyndenglawar village, which is only 2 km from Nongstoiñ.
Think About How It Will Affect the Future Before Making Any Decision: A nation that truly loves itself and is eager to protect, improve, preserve and develop must also make various decisions.
The match will take place on Tuesday (22 July 2022) at the Gradisca d'Isonzo Stadium, Italy.
Jessulman Marbaniang and Shanbor Marngar scored 21 runs each.
Teachers need to be paid adequate and on time salaries, but the training must also be adequate.
“ And one of the seraphim took a censer from the altar, and came to Isaiah, and touched his mouth, and said, Behold, thine iniquity is taken away; thou art cleansed.
In this regard, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh inaugurated the Integrated Public Health Laboratory (IPHL) under the auspices of PM-ABHIM at the Pasteur Institute, Shillong.
At the time of Rajendra Singh's reign, and it was in the same year that the British took over the Jayanta Pargana and Gobha and merged them. one with Sylhet and another with Nowgong.
Meghalaya has been awarded the second prize in the State Energy Efficiency Performance Award (Group 4) of the National Energy Conservation Awards (NECA), the State Energy Efficiency Index.
Nongpoh: The Mawhati Constituency Political Committee (MCPC) on Saturday held a meeting at Jatah Dorbar Hall to strengthen the MCPC and the dialogue. to decide whom to support in the 2023 election in Mawhati Constituency.
The case will be heard on the 27th of November.
East Jaintia Hills District Police on 27th June seized heroin worth T.7.2 crore after conducting a raid in Ratacherra.
The products of Garo Hills are used or consumed in Garo Hills and the products of Khasi Jaintia Hills are used in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
KSU Mawlai Circle has concluded the 2023 Khasi League Basketball Tournament 2023 with Dubakh 'A' and Jaïaw Pdeng winning the title on Tuesday.
“Whether they do or not, it is up to the court.
The union questions the present government why in the past, after the release of funds from the central government, not only the wages and materials have been released but now the borrower has been released to pay for the projects. ) you have to pay more than the merchant's fee.
The two MDCs expressed their disappointment and did not think that the police station would be just a temporary house.
In the presence of Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, Pastors incharge including Rev. DS Roy Muktieh and Rev. PD Diengdoh, Tymmen Basan, Office Bearers of the DNNT CE Union. District CE Union, Church Leaders in the District and others.
The ceremony was held at the office of Riti Academy, GS Road, near Mawlai Bridge.
The total number of cases has risen to 101,141 and 46,078 have recovered.
In the case of each of the women, it is not clear whether she was raped or not before she was killed, but there is a strong suspicion that she may have endured the torture.
Shillong: Various Sengbhalang from Lum Jaintia will hold a march with flags on the 29th of this month starting at 11 am from Lad Sutnga to the DC Office.
Thus, the pursuit of wealth often leads to many sorrows.
In parts of Syntu Ksiar, the floods have covered roads and houses and vehicles. All the people living on the banks of the river have had to flee.
Speaking on the occasion, Starfing Pdahkasiej said, “I have a question in my mind to collect information on the border. I have searched for many facts on this subject and compiled them to make this book. areas (Reorganisation) Act 1971".
KHNAM said there is no point in having laws if those who are not eligible to register their names on the electoral roll.
Improve this present city as much as possible and build it perfectly in the new city for the peace of all.
The pastors also demanded that the visa should not be too strict especially for foreign religious leaders.
You should be aware/alert of this sudden decline in literacy this year.
“ And the land shall tremble and sorrow: for the purposes of the LORD against Babylon shall stand, to make the land of Babylon a desolation, without an inhabitant; the mighty men are turned away from the battle, they are left in their places, their strength is gone.
“We will hold a meeting to discuss this issue,” he said.
Lalremthangi, a Myanmar citizen who lives in Delhi and works in a spa, has been detained for investigation.
Embhah Syiemlieh was welcomed by NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, State President Dr WR Kharlukhi, Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw and others.
He said that it was through the intelligence of these elders that we got independence and self-government until we got our own state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong Yooshida Nongspung said that the signboard was estimated to have been installed on the night of the 15th of this month.
New Delhi: Police have recovered documents showing a fixed deposit of Rs 8.77 lakh along with cash worth Rs 1.5 lakh from the residence of a robber. He was killed in a road accident in Mumbai.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Desmund Sun, Gabriel T Mawlong and Bateithymmai, relatives of Bah Pynshailang, elderly parents, youth and children.
On the other hand, the Seng Khasi urges the relevant authorities that if there are any writings related to the Khasi people, it is ready to assist in order to look into and review any writings. Before making them textbooks for the school children of the state, said a statement from the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh PD Nongrum.
Besides the beautiful hills and rivers, the area has been beautified and enriched by the land owners who have developed it to attract people from all over the country.
However, that did not happen after Biren's supporters went to the Secretariat and demanded that he should not step down from the post of Prime Minister.
Because as we have seen in other states and countries that they are such people who are carriers of diseases who are no different from the most terrible murderers in the world.
P.19.
“If the construction of the road is in this form, we don't know what will happen to the PWD department in the future,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 21 : Mawkhar SC have dropped to the First Division after finishing at the bottom of the points table in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League (SPL) -22 while Nangkiew Irat are still in the Super Division after finishing in sixth position.
Although the government has announced that there are incentives for ASHAs, will it be possible to pay according to the number of patients or their ability to enter the homes of the people?
Medical Superintendent Dr Ebenezer War, Nursing Superintendent and other staff of various departments of the hospital also attended the function.
The meeting was conducted by GAL Marshillong MPS, SDPO Amlarem, in the presence of Additional SP Ma VDS Rymbai, MPS and other police chiefs.
He said it is necessary to reverse this if India does not respect the agreement with the nation.
The food items were handed over for distribution through the Dorbar Shnongs (Covid Management Committees) in their respective villages.
For Government Schools in Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools, the recruitment has been done through the MPSC. The Principals will be reviewed to fill the vacancies.
When we asked him, he said that he received a question from a child from KJP Girls. When we asked him, he said that he received a question from a child from Christian Academy. from the Christian Academy, he said he got it from someone else,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Mawlai MDC and Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah PT Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that he supports the Dorbar Bah Bri u Hynniewtrep to be held at the Polo Ground convened by the Rangbah Shnong.
Speaking as the chief guest, PHE Minister Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that PHE has a strong relationship with HDFC Bank. .400/- Crore for the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission in Meghalaya.
He said the committee has also ordered that they should re-register the people under the scheme as the registration is still too low.
The live chat video of the girl, which can be said to be seen only by her followers or friends, has now been spread on various social media platforms and has led to negative comments and threats. which forty ways.
NEIFCC Shillong invites all Christians in the city to feel free to attend these services.
The market is visited by hundreds of villages from Lailad, Dongki Ingding, Mawdem, Bilahari, Bakhlapara, Ranibari and is held once a month with the participation of traders from different villages. Ribhoi and other parts of the Khasi Hills.
The 32 new cases are from EGH: 1, EJH: 1, EKH: 18, RBD: 3, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 2, WGH: 2, WJH: 1 and WKH:
Also, rice and potatoes are good to eat if you don't eat more than you should.
Speaking on the occasion, the NPP leaders expressed their hope that the candidate of the party will be victorious, because as it is now, the residents of The NPP, through the leadership of the party in the formation of the government in 2018, has turned its attention to the villagers of Umsning Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 24 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that only his allies in the MDA can decide whether to resign or not as he himself cannot take a decision on this issue.
“We make it clear that while hearing these cases, the Special Bench will issue such orders or directives as necessary to complete such cases expeditiously,” the court said.
Laloo said Jaintia Hills is rich in tourism attractions.
Lumdiengngan scored two goals in the second half through Donboklang Kynter in the 74th and 87th minutes.
Brigadier R. Kapoor of the Indian Army, who was also the chief guest, launched the promotional run by encouraging and delighting all the participants.
U Bah Shangpliang, whose hometown is Mawsynram, also criticized the belief of the ri thlen, in which he said briefly, “There is a murderer, a murderer”. in the house of the poor, he is, and in the house of the rich, he is.
Punit Bisht failed to score an innings, but the wicketkeeper and captain was bowled out in the 20th over for 215 runs from 213 balls.
Owaisi demanded that the Election Commission should immediately investigate the incident.
The purpose itself is for the better because there have been many reasons, especially family reasons, which have already destroyed the Khasi-Khasei community in many areas, and protective measures from the home, from parents to the kurs, the villages, the townships and the government are not strong at all.
Prevention worth in such a case.
“How can the government issue a notice to include the Council's land in the Shillong Mater Plan without the approval of the Council,” said the CEM. He said that the Council will have to take strong action if the state government continues to violate its own law. .
Basaiawmoit said that the assistance of the media is to build, because the media has an important role in the society.
“Without strong support from the NEC, it will be difficult for the North Eastern States to achieve economic growth as planned by 2020,” Sangma said. Sangma suggested that the implementation of the NESIDS should be according to the needs.
I am pleased to say that this special talent of this child will be a way to encourage others who are facing the same problem in terms of disability or other problems , by that we should not be discouraged and we should not lose hope, but whatever talent we have we should use it properly and reveal it to the world so that the special talent that God has given us will not be wasted.
According to the CEM, the main objective is to bring unity and protect the nation and to be a platform of understanding to raise and discuss issues related to the nation.
The Puja on this occasion will not be as it used to be every year among the colors and shapes due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The winners were awarded prizes by the Executive Chairman of MBoSE, CP Marak who was the chief guest on the occasion. teachers from different schools, parents and students.
“Now I have to go and see Peter's car,” replied the father. “Yes, I called a friend who wanted to sell it,” said the father. “Why do you count the price?” “He hasn't said exactly but I think I'm his closest friend,” said the father. “That's still too much,” said the mother. “It's not a gift but it's just that he's happy because I've been paid and he'll give it or I'll take a little bit more from his salary,” said the father. How are you?" asked the mother in surprise.
Khosla said the progress of the talks on the border settlement has been going well but this cannot be done immediately or overnight.
“We have demanded from the Engineer to take action to find ways and means to provide electricity, so that the consumers can benefit,” he said.
He said that in the next 3-4 years, the government will provide support to more than 20,000 local entrepreneurs who are engaged in various business activities in the state. T.300 crore through this scheme.
“The 1951 Notification, 148, 149, 151 should be withdrawn before the start of talks on the boundary between Block-I and Block-II,” said Bah Erwin. .
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSA) has invited those who have filed cases, which are pending, to come forward to resolve the issue through public hearings, which will be held from time to time. .
Forget about the attempts to introduce new techniques from time to time, here in Meghalaya, no time has been given to explain the Ordinance adopted and implemented by NEHU and its implementation, as if some want to implement the NEP in our country.
Wahiajer SC in the 25th minute scored the first goal of the match until the end of the first half.
However, there are discussions with the Mawphlang Hima which have not yet reached an agreement on some issues and the KHADC will call a meeting with the Mawphlang Hima on this issue. The Monolith Festival has been canceled but now the new EC has not been able to start working due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
Meanwhile, health centers in 7,000 villages have been affected by the indefinite strike by ASHA workers in the past two months.
Other speakers at the meeting were Dr SR Marak, Additional Superintendent of Police (Traffic) and Shri R Wahlang, EAC, East Khasi Hills.
Shillong: Several persons were injured when a bus (AS02AC5707) collided with a truck at Mukhla, Khliehtyrshi on the Jowai Bypass.
Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, Chairman of RBTEDF, said that the purpose of the Forum is to raise awareness among the people that they should take care of the fish that live in the river. The RBTEDF has a plan to turn some parts of the river, which is one of the most prominent rivers in Ri Bhoi, into a Fish Sanctuary.
Conrad said the abolition of the AFSPA is a long standing demand of the people of the North East but the announcement to reduce the number of AFSPA offices is good news for them. local public and is a welcome step.
You see and remember those neighbors of ours who have suffered such a tragedy,” agreed the mother.
He said that 873 passengers will return from Chennai tomorrow and the train will arrive in Guwahati at 4:00 pm.
In the past years, Star Cement has also exhibited its activities in public hearings, in this regard too, it has been seen as biased, in which the objections sent by the union to the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board. it just disappeared.
The four men were shot dead at the same place on the NH 44 near Hyderabad, where they killed a 26-year-old doctor on 28th November .
“One has been arrested for involvement in the murder in Ichamati and another for the murder in Mawlai Mawroh,” he said.
He also recalled the laws and regulations introduced by other governments such as the attempt to introduce the CAA, the ban on mining of mineral resources from the country and other laws that have affected the country and the Khasi people. Run away.
“In this budget for 2023-24, I expect that the revenue from central taxes will be T.7,834 crore and the total amount will be T.8,908 crore as central transfer,” he said. .
The UDP also expressed its concern over the Indian government's requirement of 250 people to provide roads to any village. a population of 100 or to include more than one village, in one list, for the purpose of ringing one road.
At this programme, Samla Halen Nongtdu launched the football jerseys of the Bataw Youth Welfare Sport Club and wished the BYWSC further progress.
“It has shocked the people of Lum Garo because the political parties have nominated foreigners and this is their permission for foreigners to enter GHADC,” said FKJGP President Pritam. And Marak.
So the takers take blindly and like exiles, destroy the Country, including themselves, because they fulfill the will of the investors.
Meanwhile, Langrin MDC Manstudy Nongrem recalled Bah Sohtun who showed courage in passing the bill to abolish Laitkroh during the debate.
Shillong, November 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that before taking action, the Thma U Rangli (TUR) has held a rally in Khyndailad. To oppose the MPDA and MMPO Act, the Government will investigate whether the party which preached in Khyndailad has any intention to mislead the people or whether it is an intention to stir up trouble. it's just their lack of knowledge.
Nongthymmai also scored 66.58%.
The seven floodlights of the SSA Stadium on the First Ground have been moved to the MFA Turf, where many matches will be held due to the early darkness of the Tlang.
During the search operation, police recovered T.3.96 crore of Indian currency from the house in Lumparing, where the gold was taken. the gold.
On the road from Umsning-Mawhati to Umsiang, the MLA of Mawhati Constituency, said that he is tired of thinking about this road, because this road is also one of the most needed roads by the people. residence along this road.
Shillong, Naitung : U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on Saturday said that in Mawlai, there is no politics in terms of development works because the people of the area welcome the development works. It is the responsibility of the MLA, MDC and MP.
He said that some of the residents who are rich, but because of their wealth, they don't think that if they sell the forests, then the danger will come because the rivers will get smaller. temperature will increase every year.
The Khasi Syiems needed to have one authority over all the Khasi Hills.
On the 17th of this month, the price of petrol in Shillong was T.86.05 per liter; However, the price of petrol has increased by 81 per liter in Shillong. Yesterday, the price of petrol was T.86.86 per liter in Shillong.
However, suddenly on the 22nd of November, the Dorbar Shnong decided to close down the Mane.
However, his visit at this time is to call on Ukraine and Russia to reconcile themselves and to talk to each other for the benefit of all countries of the world and part of the economic recovery of all countries affected since the beginning of Russia's invasion of Ukraine last year.
Nongpoh: The Leaders of the Presbyterian Church Nongjri Umsning, including the Tymmen Basan and Rangbah Basan, today donated T.35,000 to the CM Relief Fund through Kong RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking at the lynpung, the MDC expressed his pleasure to be with the Sieñ Raij Rangad and said that such a religious ceremony should also bring good fortune and peace. In the community and in the villages, to have a spirit of love, a spirit of forgiveness to build each other, he also gave his best wishes to all the children of Sieñ. Raij Ryngad that they should have a healthy body and also to be successful in their work and agriculture.
This will be achieved after the establishment of the Secretariat and other Government departments in Tura,” said Marak in a statement.
More than 145 people have died from multiple flood incidents since the onset of monsoon in many parts of the North of the country.
Shillong, Nailar 11: Hundreds of employees of the State Bank of India today staged a march against the kidnapping by insurgents.
In the 2018-19 season, Buam won the I-League Best Young Player award and scored six goals in 20 appearances.
The statement said that he is still receiving the love of the people and every day since he joined the BJP more and more people are coming to join him and now there are about 8000 members who have just joined. new connection.
The seminar was attended by the Village Authorities of Sohra Rim, residents of three neighboring villages, Self Help Groups, Youth Wing and Women's Wing of various villages.
Shillong: Twenty-one deaths from Coronavirus (COVID-19) have been confirmed today, namely Margradalin Marbaniang, 56, of Mawlai Mawkynroh, Ramu Rai, 66, of Barapathar, Jhalupara, and Everest Wahlang. 47) of Central Village, Sohra.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Gabriel Wahlang said that the Congress supports the NPP only in the District Council for the sake of culture.
Secondly, we don't have any other option but to segregate the waste we produce.
During the meeting, they discussed that the Khasi residents of Block 2 should not be exploited in agriculture.
“Regarding the selection of candidates, the UDP has left it to the Circles to select or suggest who will be selected to contest the elections,” said Bah Titos.
This type of exercise which helps to move the muscles and bones of the jaw also helps to fight diseases in the human body.
If you don't have a vaccine, you can only observe physical distancing.
The union urges the Government to take action on the Mawmluh to Mawshamok road and also the road from Umwai to Shella as it has been destroyed and to start immediately to repair these roads. We have been experiencing heavy rainfall and if it is delayed, the people of the area will face more problems.
Speaking to media after the MDA meeting, the Minister said that the questions raised by the MDA colleagues regarding the Roster System have been answered by the Minister. “The slides and answers bin pa bin and the group itself with one voice agree with what we explain,” he said.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister distributed the checks to the producers of agricultural products, who have entered under the FOCUS scheme. District for the Sohra Sub Division is due to the lack of participation of some of the villages to be included in this District.
The office closure will be on the 11th and 12th of this month.
Hindu devotees in Jowai on 22nd July attended the inauguration of the Ram Mandir in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh by watching the live telecast of the inauguration of the Ram Mandir.
He added that the project will have five packages in Meghalaya and the land survey is nearing completion.
It was on Sunday morning, at 6.18 pm, that he went to sit on the roof of his house and immediately US and British intelligence agencies, who were watching closely, found him. Zawihiri, 71, was shot dead by the police.
The date and venue will be announced later.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Iran has risen to 15, with three deaths today, the highest number of deaths after China.
After the lockdown of the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya for months due to the Chinese virus (corona-19), there is a severe shortage of money among the people across the rural areas.
"“We should love each other, these days, we are happy that one of the state has passed the UPSC examination, but he is not a Khasi, Jaintia or Garo, even if we are sad but we should not “I am happy that he is from Meghalaya, we have to accept the truth,” he said.
The report also said that players who lose at the beginning of the three rounds of the singles match will earn a cash prize of between 11% and 13%. This year, together with the management, they have increased the prize money for the three rounds of the selection process by 11.8%.
But who else can control the creation of the fire?
The players of Laitlum FC have shown their talents and tried to score again but could not succeed and in the end Kharumnuid FC beat Laitlum FC 3-1 goals and reached the final of the tournament. this is the tournament.
“It is only the Court that gives the decision and not others.
In a statement, it said that on 10.05.2023, the family members of the child had a fever, so the mother of the child, took her to the Sacred Heart Health Center Sahsniang for treatment.
On the other hand, the President of KSU West Jaintia Hills District, Samla Laitphar Synkrem, said that according to the information they have received, the toll gates should be 60 kilometers from another toll gate. The state does not have this distance from a toll gate in East Jaintia Hills and Diengpasoh.
The vehicle, which was produced in 2009, has been declining and sales have been declining and only three units of the vehicle have been sold in India.
The SP said that during further investigation, police have recovered another Pulsar 150 from Amlarem and another Pulsar 220 from Pynursla, which did not have any number plate. confirm that these motorcycles were stolen from Amparem and Pynursla.
Referring to the announcement by the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in the election promise to cancel the social agreement or Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) if it comes to power, the NPP leader said that The Trinamool Congress's request to cancel the MoU shows that they are not concerned about this long pending issue, and added that the people will give them a reply.
BJP Moyna President Bijaykrishna Bhunia has been bombed and tied by TMC supporters in front of his wife on his way home in the evening. “This is the second anniversary of the incident of violence after the polling in the country. The TMC came to power in 2021 on January 2,
In Shillong and its suburbs, these Muslims can move freely around the villages as tin jot sellers, pylleng sellers, alu muri sellers, jhur sellers, fish sellers, suh nep sellers, khiew sellers, thied plastic jot, juti and others are the types of work.
The two machines named by the union are Chains and Exebetor. The two machines named by the union are Chains and Exebetor.
I also suggest that the work should be handed over to the Development Committees in each village,” he added.
Dr. Helen Uriah, District MCH Officer, Jowai explained about the need for the MCP Card, which will help in the injection process at the time of visiting the health centres. She said that the IMI campaign will have three phases, first from 7th August to 12th August, second phases from 11th September to 16th September and from 9th October to 14th October, encourage all to participate.
There is no one who is strong enough to do whatever he wants.
These areas, which are no longer devoid of mineral resources such as gold, ore and coal mines, are no longer suitable for cultivation and cultivation by nature alone without the help of man.
In the last two matches, Shillong Lajong beat East Bengal 1-0 and on Sunday beat Diamond Rock Football Club 1-0 .
Hep replied, 'I don't know.
Football in the state has been improving day by day and we have witnessed the emergence of our young players who have played for the top clubs in the big football tournament. .
"Because he has resigned, we don't have enough people and I have resigned," Fadnavis said.
The President of the TMC, Dr. Mukul Sangma, through the TMC Party, announced Dr. Saralin Dorphang as the candidate of the party. On the same day, she was confirmed as the President of the TMC Party from the Mawhati Block Committee along with other party leaders in Mawhati Constituency.
The celebration was enriched by songs, dances and short dramas by the students.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the decision to reopen hotels, restaurants and tourist attractions; The State Government will have to consult with the Deputy Commissioners.
She said that such meetings to review the progress of works should be held in every district so that the problems of the people can be addressed.
Last month, the HSPDP had lodged a complaint with the Governor against the appointment of PS by the government which is against the law and against the change in the appointment, salaries, allowances and miscellaneous provisions of the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries. Act, 2005.
From the programme, which will start on 15th March 2021, the revenue will reach T.350 crore for 14 months, or T.25 crore per month.
They also expressed their deep concern that the same school has urged all parents to pay the school fees by the 1st of July. .
Greneth urged the authorities to take action against his complaint and punish the ADC for violating U/S ZUFA6/L66/776 IPC R/W Sec 18{b)/18( c} of the RTI Act of 2005 and for harassing the information seeker by filing a fake FIR with the police for misusing his powers, he said.
However, if it is good, it should be well thought out and it will be a blessing if we get the rule of law by people who know God.
On the other hand, the Minister appealed and urged the residents of the state to be vigilant when traveling to the hills and rivers to avoid any tragic incident that may happen in the state. anything can time.
The union alleged that the Meghalaya government has not done anything to help the refugees who have lost their livelihoods and can no longer work. They demanded that the State Government should return the revenue collected to the land owners to find other ways of getting jobs.
According to my experience, people who are visually impaired or blind have a stronger memory, because they don't see or recognize me or you, but they remember from the voice and when they go here and there they don't forget once. They didn't walk on that road except with a stick that led them.
When they arrived in Shillong, Bah Let's family waited until they got off first and followed them.
Batskhem Ryntathiang, MDC of Nongkhlaw-Mairang, who in the 2019 MDC election, won more than 5,000 votes against the UDP candidate, who is also the sitting MDC. MPCC President Vincent H. Pala has announced that Batskhem Ryntathiang will contest from the Congress party at a meeting held at Mawshut village in Eastern West Khasi Hills District. come to this meeting.
During the treatment, doctors from the hospital examined diseases related to the throat, head, neck, diseases related to children, diseases related to childbirth, medicines, bampong. that other diseases.
Mawkyrwat, November 30: The Mawkyrwat Youth Association, South West Khasi Hills District, as part of the commemoration of the Incarnation of the Lord Jesus or Christmas, has organized a carol march in which three churches he wanted to participate.
He said it is true that his name has also appeared for the post of President of the BJP in the state but the BJP holds the principle of one person one job.
Shembhalang said the most important thing in these areas is the road because the road is the source of development, but the North Eastern Council (NEC) scheme No. 47 to build the road from Mawsmai to Shella. I've been there for a long time.
Speaking after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma said, “The government will suspend the implementation of the MUDA Building Bylaws outside the Municipal”.
The ambulance was donated through the MLA scheme of SRWP 2019-2
The purpose of the Shnong is also to encourage the youth of the Shnong on how to preserve the environment for the future generations and also to open up opportunities for the youth. unemployed and it will also be a source of income for them to stand on their own feet for their livelihood.
If the medicines are not available, patients can place their request at the pharmacy and AMRIT pharmacy has assured the management of NEIGRIHMS to provide them within 48 hours.
He said that if only one copper factory is established, it will affect the forests and living things.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) today honored two newly elected MLAs, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MLA from Mawryngkneng Constituency and Abdus Saleh, MLA from Rajabala Constituency. that they have won this mid-term election.
“The Supreme Court has accepted that the mineral resources in the state belong to the indigenous people of the state.
Shillong, Nailur 05: After winning the Samkhamti Summer Cup Under-20 last year, Aiba FC have won the Independence Cup. the second Samkhamti was held on Saturday of last month.
“The KSU this year went to inform Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who was the Minister of Agriculture at that time and Bah Banteidor immediately directed his officers to correct these errors and filed Khasi students in the Open Category.
“Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed. we are” 1 Peter 2:24.
Meghalaya will now prepare to face Arunachal Pradesh in Anand, Gujarat, from 3rd July
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the party, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, said that the party wants the legislators to discuss this issue so that they can take action. The High Court (HC) has directed the introduction of the Roster System Policy to the House and the Government.
The meeting also received reports from various units and a general report from the General Secretary Central Body.
New Delhi, July 10: An estimated 100 militants have been killed by various militant groups in the North East in yesterday and today in the North East. Myanmar borders with Manipur, the Ministry of Home Affairs said.
When he looked at the people, he knew that they were walking around the market.
Sailung Ialong scored the two goals through Basan Pale (33') and Batskhem Dhar (85').
In the spring, the plants that had been killed by the drought began to revive and the plants or seeds buried by the farmers in the ground in the month of June began to revive. begin to rise.
Shillong, July 17: Five people have been killed, four injured in the earthquake and one injured in the earthquake in Lum Garo Hills. T.4 lakh tyngka will be paid to the relatives of the victims.
She won the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 and now
The House will witness the Governor's speech on the first day and the sample budget for the year 2024-2025 to be presented by the Chief Minister will be presented on 21st June.
So to better understand, let us look at a brief explanation of the situation in this office.
The day was enriched by the participation of traditional songs and dances by the students of Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Shlem Iongki Sur Tynre Village.
Replying to a question by Mawshynrut MLA Bah Witting Mawsor in the House today, Dr Sangma said that there are two laws of the central government which restrict the ownership of these people. the state has rights over the property.
The NESO said that such remarks have affected the people of the North East and alleged that the BJP's remarks show their views on what they intend for the people of the region. to the east.
Laitkyrhong SC will play against Sohryngkham SC in the second division tomorrow.
Nongbah/Mawshuit, Lber 10: Seven villages under the Raid Mawshuit (12 villages) under the Hima Sohra have not received ration for two months since the beginning of 2016 until today.
It is learned that not only during the rainy season, the residents of the village have been affected by the collapse of this road, but during the rainy season, the road has been covered with pum pum and this has affected the health of the villagers. the health of the residents.
Poland has spoken out against the independence of the European Union despite being a member of the European Union.
“The engineers, the BDO came down to hold a meeting to explain to the people that it was just a misunderstanding, but as soon as the BDO came down, the engineers from the vehicle stopped and threatened to drive away. “They have to leave without holding any more meetings,” said Bah Award.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the office of the officer, Bah Fulmoon Marweiñ Organizing Secretary, the union said that the officer has already informed the officer. Government regarding the lack of ambulance at Rambrai PHC and the Government is ready to provide for the transportation of the sick.
The Muaythai Association of Meghalaya has selected 61 athletes to take part in the tournament which started from 26th to 30th June. Sub-Junior, Junior, Senior & Elite categories for women and men.
Two women of the village, Rida Bareh and Tiplem Lapasam, said that according to their information, the village has issued only one NOC to the owner of the factory, T.Nongtdu, for one. but it was built near the village and now preparations are underway to build another coal mining factory in this area.
KHNAM said it has received information through the Public Information Act that GSWS Mawphlang does not have a Chemist or Microbiologist, and this will affect the people who use the water to drink.
Besides these, there have been other issues that the countries have agreed to do to help each other in this struggle.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister visited Garo Hills on Thursday and called an urgent meeting with all the officers and DCs and SPs to discuss the floods.
It is necessary to write more and to gather more information about this place.
Also recovered from these drug users were amounts the illegal substance.
“It is up to the MLAs, if they don't trust him anymore and if many want to replace him, they can overthrow him,” said Bah Rowel.
Therefore the time is at hand" Revelation 1:3
If private hospitals, clinics and nursing homes violate this directive, it will lead to the revocation of the licenses they have already received.
Today, 8th November 2022, a group of youths who want to be the servants of peace and order in the country and the state as a whole, came out to protest against the state government over the The results of the examination in June this year have not been announced, but the government has not yet decided when to release the results.
According to the state police, they have not yet learned the reason why the PSO committed suicide. day.
The letter was intended not to be circulated anywhere, especially to the media and was intended to end only within the knowledge of the UDP, the CEM and the EC. to the media and through the reports that there has been a sign of pain within the ARPA in the past few days.
“We will ensure that the case should be registered in Meghalaya and heard in West Jaintia Hills by the CBI Court which is the District and Session Judge of West Jaintia Hills. ," he said.
One of the English words which is now used as an everyday word is LINE. However, the Khasi word is ANG, which is used especially in Ri Bhoi and Ri Pnar.
Candidate with at least 50% marks in Bachelor's Degree and/or in the Master's Degree in Science/ Bachelor's in Engineering or Technology with Science or Mathematics or in Bachelor's Degree and/or in the Master's Degree in Social Sciences/ Humanities are eligible for admission to the program (relaxation of 5% marks for SC/ST/PH candidates).
Through this, the party in Jirang constituency which received less votes in the last elections will be strengthened.
“We demand that the government should release this money immediately without delay,” he said.
On the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government's approval of inter state movement; On the other hand, Prestone said that in Meghalaya, no entry and exit from one state to another will be allowed.
After the FCI authorities took this decision, the FKJGP also opened the office.
Bobeeta Sharma said that Dr Mukul Sangma's joining the TMC is a big mistake because their friendship will not last long because they have already seen him. L) Purno A Sangma has joined the TMC, but their relationship has not lasted long.
He also reminded that the people should still follow the rules of life, which are the rules to prevent the spread of Covid-1
The DIG said that the search is ongoing to arrest the other members.
Therefore, this road has produced soil pumps which have turned blue from the villages, households, property, plants near this road and especially the farmers who have to walk. Every day, many people walk along this road especially during the rainy season because of the landslide along this road and during the rainy season, rainy season and spring, the pumpum is very strong especially during the rainy season. they didn't go to the car.
This action of this officer shows the insult to the Khasi people without any reason and they have tried to prosecute them in cases, without sufficient grounds especially against the poor people who live on poverty. , only by agriculture and this also shows the lack of census of the Khasi in Kacharithol Khasi Punji.
"“What I see is that our state is dead, that just becoming politicians has become the master of all. " he added.
Cooperation Minister Shah appealed to all members of PACS who attended the meeting to follow the rules.
Sangma said this after the opening of the Congress meeting on Friday.
They demanded that the government should take immediate action especially during this time when many people come to the area.
In addition, various media platforms have worked well according to the age of technology, where the public has been able to see on YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and other media platforms the explanation. about legislative election.
We are all concerned about this issue and we will not leave the people living on the border facing difficulties,” said Bah Pynïaid.
Pynshngain said KHUDA will write to the Executive Committee to convene a meeting of all the MDCs and Chief Executive Members to discuss all the pending Bills.
On their part, they expressed their gratitude to the village for its ability to reach this 75 year old stone.
The KHADC will have to spend more money to repair the damaged buildings in the area, after it has been left alone for many years.
She said that at the training centre, they will soon start training for the youth on the topic, 'This center which we opened today is to provide training for the youth for those who want to to train in the wedding ceremonies among other training.
Ashutosh is not the first journalist to join the AAP but there have been other journalists including Manish Sisodia, who is currently the health minister. Shazia Ilmi, Minister of State for Rakhi Birla, was also one of the journalists.
Shillong: Today, Sohra received 193.2mm of rainfall while today it received 44.2mm.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 06: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of Kenïong & Thiepdiengngan Unit has opened the 3rd Turshaphrang Knockout Football Tournament 2023 at South West Kenong Ground. Khasi Hills District.
The team scored 59 runs for the loss of three wickets while Sweetcemary Khongthiang, who scored the most runs for the team, scored 16 runs.
The Topcem Employees Association (KSU) Narpuh has demanded that the company should immediately dismiss the workers within 24 hours. A public hearing was held at Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District on Friday, as witnessed through social media.
In the March Pass which was held on the closing day of the tournament, 12 schools out of 26 schools participated and the winner was Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. Presbyterian Higher Secondary School Mawlangwir received the title of Best Discipline School.
On the other hand, the organization, which doesn't leave empty-handed, has helped with its small strength as a sign of condolences to the family of the deceased. four children in which the father does not have enough income to raise, care for and support all four children.
“The state government has made it difficult for this area to force the people to accept the Pre-Uranium Mining Projects and also to force them to allow the mining of uranium in the area.
She also urged the UCIL and the central government to respect human rights as enshrined in the Constitution and the UN Resolutions under the Special Rapporteur on Rights to Development.
The tourists stranded in Chungthang include 216 men, 113 women and 54 children – who have been taken to various military bases. and they provided him with food and drink, and medicine, and raiment.
However, once the youth are weak, the future of the nation will be bright.
Restaurants and hotels are also allowed to open but should only be able to take those who want to eat home.
“We request the immediate arrest of Matharoo,” said a statement from the CID. On 7th October, the Supreme Court revoked the bail granted to the Chancellor of India. CMJ University.
“I'll see how it goes,” he said.
Dr Jitendra Singh told Conrad Sangma that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has personally taken responsibility for all the issues related to the North Eastern States.
“During school days, there is a different traffic arrangement to avoid traffic jams,” said Bah Nongpluh.
In a letter dated 29th October 2011, the Senior Administrative Secretary of KPJA, Rev Dr JF Jyrwa, has increased the salary of the Medical Superintendent from T.14,000 to T.22,0 .20,000 since October
When asked about the allegation by Bah Titosstarwell Chyne that the PDF has set a rule that if they want the PDF to join the NPP, they must remove the UDP leader from the post of CEM, he said. This is a statement that comes from the anger of any leader when he faces such an incident, it makes him speak such things to blame others”.
In the men's 1500m U-18, Biness Kharlyngdoh of Mawrangkynda COG Secondary School came first, Bynrapbor Kharlyngdoh of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS came second and Pynshailang Khardewsaw of Maharam Government HSSM came second. third place.
Prof. Hamlet's Line.
Out of the 189 cases, 161 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 132 cases from BSF, 2 cases from Air Force, 27 cases from civilians, 20 cases from Ri Bhoi and 6 cases from West Garo Hills. and 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 45 cases have recovered.
However, even before this, there has been a stir in the BJP in Meghalaya, especially after the appointment of Bah Ernest Mawrie as President, where even Bah Sanbor Shullai has rejected the Presidency of Bah Mawrie, because He said that he used to criticize in the newspapers the work of the MDA government, which the BJP also cooperates with.
He said the BJP has not cooperated with any political party ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, recalling that in the MP elections in 2019, the BJP has nominated candidates from Shillong and Tura parliamentary constituencies. the election alone.
About 50 cows and 100 pigs can be slaughtered in this area per day.
Now the question arises, why did this happen? There is no mistake here – re – here and that is because you have been tempted by pride goes before destruction, therefore, less counting (1×1=0), that if I did my best I would win easily again.
The union hopes that the government will take action, because it is not for the benefit of the union but for the future generations to see once again the cleanliness of the Wah Lukha.
I therefore demand a fair trial and those who tortured my daughter should be stripped of their doctoral status”.
The state government has sent a letter reminding the KHADC to approve the allocation of 47.673.63 sqkm land which will include 16 villages from the KHADC. for the construction of railway lines in the areas of Ri Bhoi District.
The Minister was accompanied by B Dutta, Director of Urban Affairs, Bah E Kharmalki, Secretary, CEO of the Municipal, Bah BS Sohlya and Ministers of Mylliem Hima.
Nehemayah Tyngkan in his speech as the chief guest, expressed his gratitude to Rangbah Firstly Syad for his kindness until he was willing to contribute for the construction of these two houses. He urged these families to work hard and wished them peace and good health.
These villages have requested the elders of War Jaintia to talk to the MeECL authorities at Lum Jingshai Meghalaya Shillong to help them to get these transformers as soon as possible. the months of April, May, June.
Likewise, they (Israel) have now become disobedient, and by that mercy shown to you (to the Gentiles), Israel will also be shown mercy.
On this basis, the Seng has already sent a letter of protest against the proposal of Star Cement to increase the mining of coal to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Shillong and requested the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to resolve this issue. your purpose.
Speaking to media on Friday, HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem said that the spot verification of the Lum Survey should be between the DC's office, the Defense Estate Office. DEO), Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB), Police and together with the HYC. Survey that you have this place inside the Ïingkashari.
“The RSS was the first organization to rescue people affected by the earthquake in Gujarat, the cyclone in Odisha and the tsunami that struck parts of India.
The suspected thief used a banian cloth to cover himself.
When he says kaweh tdong, they kaweh, when he says blood, they blood for foreigners.
He urged the participants not only to run for one day but to continue to train themselves to run and also to take part in other sports.
In the Shillong Zone, Langsning FC beat Umrit SC 9-1 in the Group A match played at the MFA Turf, Shillong. Ladthadlaboh beat Mulait United 2-0 in Group-B in the Jowai zone. In the Tura zone, the teams in Group-D did not win. Khliehmawlieh Youth Club beat Selsella Sports Association 2-2 in the first leg of the tournament at Chandmari Ground.
It is on these grounds that the union demands that the Act and Rules should be repealed immediately, the Chairman and members of the Gaming Commission should be removed and the 3 members of the Gaming Commission should be removed immediately. License issued by the Government.
Chopra has been delighted with his ability to play well since the beginning of his career this season by winning the Doha Diamond League. on January 5; Sum was able to reach a distance of 88.67m.
Speaking on the failure of the state to improve in many areas, he said that in the past five years, the MDA government has been able to address many issues.
The queue for hours has caused many students to miss classes and some have fled.
In this song Holy Night! Good Night! “We are in the streets and on the streets, Night and day, we earn our living.
The Government should address the problems of the residents who are suffering extremely in society, education, income, which result from the old farming methods, lack of good health facilities. and also for those villages which cannot build roads because of the hills, rivers and streams.
“I have received many trainings from the Rotary Club, which teaches me to help others to improve the community.
The dumper was on its way to the export port in Dalu, near the India-Bangladesh border.
Since its inception, Indian Panorama has been dedicated to showcasing the best Indian films from year to year.
“In some areas where candidates or sitting MLAs from other parties want to join the BJP, we will direct our staff and supporters to join fully with these candidates.
Although we do not know the exact date of His birth, we firmly believe that Jesus the Son of God came to earth to save us.
He said that during the meeting, the Prime Minister promised to take action on the findings of the union on the lack of drinking water supply to the people.
He said that after receiving a clear decision, chess will be proceeded with.
They have turned around, you can't breathe anymore and if they throw you into the water, your life is in great danger.
Furthermore, Ma HS Bareh urged the MeECL Khliehriat department to take action as soon as possible to install the name of the person and reading meter in every household of the village, so that the people Shillong, Naitung 15: Three robbers have been shot dead by MeECL in MeECL and also to know how to pay their bill light every month. The incident happened on Tuesday night at Jambal village under Rongjeng Police Station, East Garo Hills.
Not only does it encourage but it also destroys – a group of indigenous people who are not owners of their own village.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by DV Lyngdoh, MCS Additional Deputy Commissioner WJHD, in the presence of MCSWA Director Dr JN Shullai, Ripaia Passah, District Social Welfare Officer. scheme in relation to these places for the elderly, MCSWA employees, the elderly and others.
However, the leader escaped without injury.
Ranbir is a Class I student of St. Thomas School in Mendipather, while Dipen and Rishabh are nursery students at Manikganj Memorial School.
He said that all the MDCs have expressed their desire that Bah Pynshngain should remain as CEM until the end of this term.
“This market is like an exchange of ideas between the farmers and the agriculture officers,” said Bah Warjri. training so that you can grow".
On the other hand, Bah John Kharshiing, Chairman of the Hima Chiefs, said that the Hima Chiefs have signed the Instrument of Accession (IOA) with the government authorities. and other matters relating to this section, but as this meeting was exactly within the scope of the One Hundred and Twentyfifth Amendment Bill, it was not allowed to discuss this section.
He said the election for the post of Deputy Chairman will be held on the 1st of October.
Now the question is whether these works will be done.
The turnout in North Shillong was 59.55 per cent, while in South Shillong, it was 58.36 per cent.
The training courses at the office have benefited the youth of the district especially how to stand on their own feet to start their own businesses, said Nidapoi Shadap Publicity Secretary. you Jowai Unit.
The gym helps to improve physical fitness and especially mental fitness.
PM eVIDYA, a multi-mode digital/online training programme, will be released soon.
The distributors as well as the land owners have been directed to observe the health rules, by keeping a distance, wearing masks and other protective measures.
According to a statement from the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima, the shops allowed to open are all doh, puria, ktung, jain shops, juti shops, slipper shops, Khasi food shops, tyndur shops. Only those who own shops in Sohra Market and within the boundary of Sohra Civil Sub-Division are allowed to open shops.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday inspected the Wellness Center at Nongmynsong in the presence of MDC Fantin J Lakadong. DHS Dr RR Ally, DM&HO Dr Shakina Lyngdoh, Dorbar Shnong Leaders, ASHAs and others.
Therefore, drivers are requested to be vigilant and not to drive too fast especially in remote areas where you cannot see oncoming vehicles to avoid any accident. tragic event.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee is scheduled to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on November 20 to demand the release of the remaining money. state, the official said.
In Arunachal Pradesh, 52 new cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to
xxx.
Tomorrow the match will be between Sailung Ialong and Shangpung Moosyiem at 2:30pm.
It may be recalled that the state government has proposed to the Governor V. Shanmuganathan to approve the mid-term elections in six constituencies in KHADC and one in JHADC in November this year.
In the past years, English and MIL (Khasi) were the two compulsory subjects but there was no restriction on the students to take alternative English instead of Khasi,” said Bah Kharbhih. .
“I’m lucky that my family has been in politics for the last 50 years and that means we have the knowledge of how to approach the public and how to address or raise their concerns ," she said.
Meanwhile, Zone 2 will continue on Tuesday.
“In these decades we have been living in misery due to the deterioration of roads and water shortages and thus all our dreams have come to nothing.
Luke 24:6-7.
It is the 112th anniversary of the 1908-2
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw said, “After the complaint of the Union of Village Authorities from four villages in Mawtawar sharum Recently I and the village leaders have requested the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to send for repairs and we are very grateful that the road from Lummawsing, Mawtawar to Mawsiatkhnam has been affected. improve a little.
The election for the Lamphang seat will be held on Monday 12th October.
Not long ago, we complained that the lip light was on and we even reported it in the newspapers.
Another man accused of involvement in a video in Manipur showing two women being raped has been arrested. on a charge of aggravated sexual assault, police said.
She encouraged Shlem to continue these voluntary services to the poor families so that it will be a true blessing to them.
In a statement sent by the Waheh Shnong of Wahiajer Narpuh, Sibren Sumer said that in order for the people not to misunderstand the statement against him as the Waheh Shnong of Wahiajer Narpuh on the public hearing of Meghalaya Cement Ltd.
She said that at the meeting there were also political parties who wanted to maintain the status quo but could not explain why it was needed at such a time.
Announcing this, the club management, Bah Vicky V Kharkongkor, general secretary, Annirudha Mulgund from Power Grid said that there will also be prizes for the winners from all over the country.
In the last match in Shillong, the two teams drew 1-1
Dr Tiwariu explained about 'Sarvajana Hitaya Sarvajana Sukhaya', which means the welfare and happiness of all, a world where society and the welfare of all are more important than personal interests.
Virar, Maharashtra: Thirteen coronavirus patients in the ICU have died this morning in Virar, Maharashtra, about 70 kilometers from Mumbai.
According to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the building codes to be implemented by the district councils will be the same as those of MUDA, which may differ slightly.
The first goal was scored by Wilbert Kharbuki, the second by Mebankyrshan Warbah and the last by Manbha Rani.
“We cannot say that the BJP itself is trying to force Hindi to become the language of communication in India and we cannot deny that they are using the feelings of Hindus and Hindi to get votes.
“We all know that there are many people who earn their living from this industry, they will face problems if it is banned and they will die of starvation,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Furthermore, Sweetymon's mother appealed to the youth to avoid evil temptations and temptations so that they can escape from them and have a happy life and the world will be filled with goodness.
Vincent H. Pala will file his nomination papers in Shillong while Saleng Sangma will file his nomination papers in Tura for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June,
Referring to his opponent, Jurij has played well since the beginning of his participation in the tournament which lasted for 10 months, where he has easily won all the matches. Murray, who played well in the final against Murray before being defeated.
The success of the students of this school is a joy for the parents who are eager to see the progress of this school in many aspects especially it is also a mission school run by the Catholic Church. .
Meanwhile, in the Ranji Trophy, Meghalaya scored 161/6, beating Puducherry by 228 runs on the second day of the match.
Achiever's Secondary School, Ummulong Presbyterian HSS won the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2023 on Tuesday at Kiang. Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The award ceremony was held at 8 pm, and there were performances by the students of Rev. Amirkha School for Disabled, Mairang Vidhyajyoti Inclusive School, Mairang Vidhyajyoti Inclusive School, Kids Tarari, Nonglum Youth Service, and a short speech by Rev.WP Marbaniang (Moderator of KJP Western Synod), and also by Bah Adelbert Nongrum who was the chief guest.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lambok Rymbai as the chief guest congratulated the KSU Umjong Unit for taking the initiative to hold this tournament with the aim of developing the youth sportsmen in the area. KSU Umjong Unit urged the KSU Umjong Unit to continue to hold such a tournament in the coming years.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has received increasing support from the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills for its demand to review the Reservation Policy.
The party welcomes the fact that through this scheme, the allocation of funds to the North Eastern States will be 100% from the Central Government and T.6,600/- crore has already been allocated for the last four years. still coming.
Also present on the occasion were MDC Nongthymmai Constituency Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, BDO Mylliem C&RD Block Bah PT Passah and others.
We as students have problems in our online classes we don't get to sit in online classes because of the lack of Jio and Airtel networks...please advertise so that they can see these network manufacturers who are responsible for Pynursla.
The meeting was organized by the GLCDS and other dignitaries who attended the meeting included Ma Khroo Shullai, Advisor to the Dorbar Shnong and Bah David Syiemlieh, Rangbah Shnong of Mawbah, who honored these Anganwadi workers.
He said that in the coming days, the NPP will work hard to win the elections in Manipur, which will be held in Shillong: While it is suggested that only those who have been injected should come to places of worship, other religious leaders have urged them not to to the Vaccines.
The State Government has appointed a Search Committee headed by the Chief Secretary.
He said that the department and especially the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Limited (MePDCL) has done its duty to get the electricity bill which the factories should pay.
In the fourth match, Mylliem Lum SC beat Sanmer SC 1-2
The head of the market went to eat khana, felt tired of eating and drinking, felt tired of driving and especially getting paid.
It is learned that as of now, the leadership position has been slow and many of the MLAs of the party have started to complain about the vacancy.
He also alleged that these HYC leaders are only children and do not know what has been done by the leading parties and those who have left the KSU, by promising to the people that they can achieve to implement the ILP within a short period of time.
“In this regard, he said that they urge the state government to strengthen the Intelligence Wing to bring peace and stability to all whether it is the leaders or the citizens of the state. At the same time, he said that they strongly condemn the robbers who intend to injure the Chief Minister.
He was accompanied by the Medical Superintendent, Dr. W Sutnga, the Superintendent of Nursing, Kong L Kharbhih and other dignitaries.
The hospital is facing a shortage of doctors as there are only three doctors and 146 nurses.
The followers are like goats that follow blindly without being able to ask questions of the church leaders when they walk in the wrong path.
As a result, farmers have had the opportunity to invest in their farms by purchasing the seeds, fertilizers and equipment they need and this increases the yields of their produce.
In 2022, they did not receive any land and as far as we know, they lost their income.
Investigation revealed that the three friends had gone to play football at the Golflink Golf Course and when it rained heavily, they went to hide under a tree. and she struck the tree where they were hiding, and all three of them fell to the ground.
Prestone also distributed certificates to the Chief Police Officers from different districts of the state for their hard work in curbing the illegal drug trafficking in the state.
In this age, people don't feel the need to respect other people anymore because they have become so rich in wealth and knowledge that they don't care about other people anymore.
Any political party in government or outside the country wants to win elections in any form.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident.
He said that even the Garo friends in the area have started turning to the HSPDP candidate. Nongstoiñ, July 29: On Friday, Bah KP Pangniang, President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) who is also the candidate for the 32nd Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, has visited Mawlieh village to welcome the elders, women and youth. from other parties like NPP, Congress and others to join the party, to become office bearers and leaders of the HSPDP Mawlieh zone.
These views, related to society, the evils of drugs, Marijuana, mass protests and moral and human decline, find place in her writings that in the middle of the night.
Rangbah Donkupar said that this decision of the party was taken after the elders of the party had first asked for permission from God the Creator if there is any request that the party will leave. the Coffin.
As far as we know, he has been in politics for a long time, and has received recognition from the people of Mawlai.
Not only that, it was also reported that she had a headache, which Nick had never known before.
Earlier, on 9th June, about 16 people including 10 Rohingya were arrested by the Railway Police Force (RPF) at the railway station in Agartala in Tripura. being convicted of illegally entering the country.
Before talking to these elders, the journalists visited the KHADC forest and found that there are signs of pomdieng in the forest which have been cut down for several months. lynnong lynnong from one place and from another, but no trees were seen planting bujli in these forests, but it was seen that there were places planted with kwai ki kait, and others. The crops which these villagers said are cash crops.
The meeting also elected the interim office bearers of the group, Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait as the head of the group, Bah JG Rynniaw as Vice Chairman, Bah Mumral Lyngdoh as General. Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Yespar Wahlang, Finance Secretary and others.
The Sengbhalang said that Amit Shah is on a pleasure trip and his visit to Meghalaya is only because he wants to visit the places in Sohra.
Vivek Syiem, SP West Jaintia Hills, urged the people not to misunderstand that it is an ethnic discrimination, but that it is only a conflict between the two.
It is to be recalled that even the Demthring Dorbar Shnong has already warned about this regarding the Jowai-Dawki road.
When contacted by the Rangbah Shnong of Kurikhal, Bah Wanshanbor Khar-Ryja, he said that he had no knowledge of the incident. When there is any land survey in Majai, the Hima has informed the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs to attend but the land survey in Kurikhal has been done without the knowledge of the Hima. village.
The KSU leaders also complained to the police that the police in Mawkyrwat have only searched vehicles while in the Nongjri-Borsora area there are no police.
The NPP has done well in Garo Hills with 18 MLAs as expected to reach 26 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly.
In today's age, the same thing is happening around the world where many please men rather than God by teaching another Gospel which is contrary to the Gospel of Christ.
No casualties were reported but the damage was severe in Jaintia Hills.
The union has also taken the responsibility that no bad and diseased goods should be brought into the market.
Thousands of thousands of people are coming every day.
On the VPP, Dr. Jemino said that it is not yet clear whether it will affect or not because it is up to the people to decide but it is necessary to have unity in the nation to fight. the problems of the state and if this spreads, it will cause problems to the ethnic parties.
The upgradation of this school to Higher Secondary School is a great help to the children and parents of Sohkymphor and surrounding villages.
If other previous governments have not been able to resolve the border issue, how can this MDA government resolve it within six months,” said Bindo.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah E.Kharmalki congratulated the Nongpoh Town Committee for allocating the funds through the Urban Affairs Department. to build a parking lot for the convenience of the people at the market in Nongpoh.
To investigate the failure of the District Inspector of Schools to perform his duties in this regard and to punish the District Inspector of Schools for his failure to punish these schools after the incident.
Thirty-nine people passed.
He said that the Chief Minister has thanked the people of the state for breaking the report of the HLCoI.
Beloved, we know that God made us unique among all the living things on earth.
“We stand firm for the country and the nation, to protect the land that belongs to us.
Kong War, who convened the committee, said the four-member committee has already prepared the requirements.
Dr. Nongpluh said that the hospital management has taken all the necessary measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and the people who come to take medicine should not be afraid to stay and the hospital has followed all the rules and regulations. directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Central and State Governments.
There were also some rangkawangbol who couldn't play well.
“He looked specifically at the northeast, which has been neglected for many, many years.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today said that the state government has informed the central government about the threatened eviction of the Khasi community living in Bangladesh by the government of Bangladesh.
Meghalaya has the fourth highest number of cases of robbery and violence against women in the North East and the fourth highest number of cases of robbery against children in the North East according to the 69th Report released by the National. Crime Records Bureau, Ministry of Home Affairs for the year
Those who came to participate included from Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura and Karbi Anglong.
Thus Jerusalem, the capital of Israel, is the face of God and He does not allow man to touch His face.
Shillong, July 5: Assam has moved forward with the implementation of the National Registration of Citizens (NRC) and the BJP government is understood to have completed the identification of these citizens. of Assam, in the early months of
He said that in the last elections, the elected leaders fought only to win the elections without a solid foundation and when they won, their goal was only how to get back what. which they spent.
Training and explanation was given to the students on the operation of Electronic Voting Machine (EVM) and Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT).
The Mylliem Hima has set T.500 for the fee and there are about 500 Daju who have already registered. The fee for the fee is T.2.5 lakh and now there are 180 Daju who are still registered. The cost of uniforms for 680 persons will be T.3.4 lakh.
After that, the Duhulia began to play from Shlur the Sing Mih which is called the road ksing.
On this day, there will also be a thanksgiving ceremony, after which there will be a meeting of the kur u kha.
Revelation 13:15-1
He said that some of the women who have made speeches that have affected their feelings are still in the Niam Tynrai.
The College was established on 15th November, 1967 and the College started its education service and in 1968 it received a full headquarters. 31.11 acres, 6.892 acres were allocated to the Polytechnic and 24.218 acres.
In the women's category, Happiness Phawa won in 31 minutes 13 seconds followed by Mini Kyndait in 36 minutes 39 seconds.
In addition to the maintenance of trees and shrubs, the cleanliness of the surroundings is very important.
Shillong, November 3: The Office of the Prime Minister and the Chief Secretary, have refused to provide information on the inquiry of Ma Madal Sumer, regarding the expenses of work, including salary and others. The Parliamentary Secretary, who is the head of the government, has not received any public information from the Government.
Although a fire truck came, the fire broke out inside the church and the house could not be extinguished.
If we don't have the Shillong Eastern Bye-pass, the traffic jam here in Shillong will be worse than what we are experiencing now.
He also remembered the sacrifices and martyrs of the army and police forces of the country who gave their lives to protect the country.
Other categories will receive trophies and 1 st – 5,000/-; 2nd – 3,000/- bad 3rd – 2,000/-.
Constantine also denied that Lapang's performance was strong in 1993, even though he was only the Chairman of the State Planning Board. tip at that time through me"
Commander Shangpliang said the Youth Wing has also decided to work hard and support the candidate whom the party will nominate for the MLA elections in
The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Frederick R Kharkongor, said that the ECI members will arrive in Shillong on the 12th and leave on the 13th of this month.
It may be recalled that Bah Nongrum has promised to resign as ARPa leader in the coming days to hand over the leadership to others, but on the day of his resignation he said he will do so on the right time.
Ratacherra CSC, Umkiang SA and Donaskur FC have qualified for the quarter final after winning the ENSA Football Tournament at Umkiang on Friday.
This house, which was taken over by Bah Shro Marbaniang (who is not at the door of God), has been built of wood and covered with tin.
East Khasi Hills has 184 cases and West Garo Hills has
Drivers have been directed to park outside the road, not in the middle of the road and the PWD has also banned overloading.
Dr. Ampareen also urged the people of the state not to be misled by anyone regarding the implementation of the Reservation Policy.
He joined the world yesterday while this problem has been going on for 50 years, so I don't want to explain anything.
During his hearing, Nongrum said that he will no longer need lawyers to assist him from now on.
They will also hold a flag march in Phulbari Constituency to showcase the power of the law.
He invites us to go to Goa for their ceremony,” said Ma Shallam, confirming that they will leave in April this year.
At the invitation of the District Council , the officers of the Elaka Department could not conduct the meeting any other way because the letter came too late from the ruling party and the opposition did not allow and stood in the meeting The District Council has called for a show of power, so the Ministers who were present at the meeting were sent to sign to see how many people were against the Syiem and in the signing there were 29 against the show. that many were against the King in a kingdom of 42 great men.
These selected children will receive schooling and food as well as football training.
The Shillong Chamber Choir's performance in Hindi on various stages has shocked and delighted many Indians because Hindi is the language spoken by the poor, the rich and the poor. They are spread all over India and neighboring countries like Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Bhutan as well as many who speak Hindi.
Before the meeting, the President of the IOA at its office, on behalf of the MSOA, attended a Special Annual General Meeting (SAGM) conducted by Drn PT Usha. Amitabh Sharma, Executive Council Member, Chairman, GTCC – 37th National Games, Indian Olympic Association, who informed that his recent visit to Goa and meetings were also received. and Government officials are pleased that the State Government has decided to hold the 37th National Games this year in Goa in the last month of April
At the same time, he said that the NDA will come back to power in the central government and the NPP will remain in the NDA. The Shillong Premier League U-18 match was played at the Polo Ground on Saturday.
But we now have in the Draw area, the THOH Picture.
In both my terms as CEM, I have done so, that is, from the Council Hall to the room and started working, I have never waited for that approval because there is no rule that requires me to do so; It is foolish to wait for approval when the report to the Governor is only a report.
“Because they see that the UDP has spread all over the country, some people are trying to mislead the people,” he said. as in 2018.
About 1,700 people from across the country who have benefited from special programs like Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM), PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojna, Amrit Sarovar Yojna, Central Vista Project and others were invited to attend the ceremony. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address to the country from this special venue.
“He was shifted to Williamnagar on Monday,” said Bah M Kharkrang SP East Khasi Hills.
Japan will spend up to 3.5 trillion yen ($25 billion) a year to support parents and children to have more children.
In the afternoon, before the service, there was a march by the members of the Unitarian Church.
This kind of treatment with herbal medicines is done by those nations, the nations that are still scattered here and there.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (UVHA) has given 10 days to the government to give a clear reply to the discussion between the Union and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. long on July 31,
The festival will be opened by the Chief Minister, Conrad KSangma and the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tyngsong.
In Meghalaya, the women will lose (1/3) of the share of the men, and the Khasi men will lose more and more.
Conrad suggested strengthening the connectivity of four-lane roads to the North Eastern states and to connect them with neighboring countries.
“School buses are usually not used properly, but in the Northeast the government in our state is the first to introduce commercial buses in urban areas.
In another drug raid conducted in Mizoram, troops from the Serchhip Battalion of the 23 Sector Assam Rifles on Sunday seized heroin worth T. 1.5 crore from East Lungdar, Serchhip.
Shillong: The meeting of the Shella Block National People's Party (NPP) will be held on the 30th July 2019 at 11.30 pm at the Dorbar Hall, Saitsohpen.
He said that he wanted to go back to her but she refused because she wanted to stay away because he was a chronic alcoholic and he had just left the rehabilitation centre. ).
When asked whether he intends to join the VPP to contest the upcoming elections, Bah Amazing said that he cannot decide alone. He will not be afraid of anyone, but if they don't go, they will go with the people, so that the journey will be with the people who trust him.
He said, “We are looking for light all over the world, we don't know the light of the country”.
On the other hand, the leaders thanked the people who have joined hands with this group which has worked through the Whatsapp Group to help this family.
The Principal of the Women's College, Dr. Ratnadeep Roy, has praised the work of the Social Work Department in collaboration with the State TB Office and has taken the oath to make Meghalaya free from TB. KHMIH Creative Society under the leadership of the District TB Office, West Khasi Hills.
Through the establishment of the Independent Ilaka Tribunal, which will judge any political activities by the local authorities such as the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and other heads of government.
The kwai is used to eat khambun but some of the clean supari and others, especially the Dkhars, use tyrkhong first.
According to the Rangbahshnong Mojem Sahsniang and other policemen at the check point, they treated those whom they knew and allowed them to pass.
This action of the KHADC is to authorize the Khasi children to issue ST certificates to those who have been given ST certificates without any basis.
Pankaj Roy took four wickets while Sameer Quereshi took two wickets.
The first problem we face from the rise in temperature is the lack of drinking water, so there is no one way to protect us and the only way to protect us is through trees, which can be sustained. the waters of the rivers and the mountains," he added.
Speaking at a meeting with various groups in North Bengal, Nadda alleged that the Mamata Banerjee government in West Bengal is pursuing a strategy of division and working only for the benefit of those in the party. and not like the BJP, which works for the welfare of the people of the country as a whole.
Please return to this juk now.
“I have nothing to say on this but it is just a reminder that the BJP has been part of this government for five years.
“We don't want to eat anyone's money in the middle of the road,” said Pynshngaiñ. “We don't want anyone to eat the money in the middle of the road. We demand that the government should pay along with the interest,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Ministry of Women and Child Development, Government of India has announced the National Level Award to three Aganwadi workers of Meghalaya under the Social Welfare Department.
High cholesterol is also bad for the blood pressure and causes blockages in blood flow in the blood vessels and blood vessels.
The arrest of this man, who is suspected to be involved in drug trafficking, was made after receiving a tip that he had gone to steal a car. Two mobile phones were stolen from the house in Dong Sajer.
He was accompanied by AITC MLAs and MDCs from Garo Hills and other dignitaries.
Dr. Kharlukhi was born on 8th March, 1939. He graduated from Gauhati University, St. Anthony's College, Shillong and received his PhD from Gauhati University.
HYC President Bah Peter Lawai said that the protest will be wise because as we have seen in the past, the armed protest has ended only in imprisonment and death. blood without reaching and without getting anything from the soh.
The purpose of this seminar was to make the students aware of the rapid pace of the need for digital in addition to textbooks and to make them aware of the role of the New Education Policy (NEP). ), that the College planned to provide training to students according to the demands of the time to use technologies.
(More news on this will be released later this week).
The new cases include EGH: 15 (Others), EJH: 10 (Others), EKH: 149 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-01, Others-148), NGH: 36 (Others), RBD : 09 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–08), SGH: 07 (Others), SWGH: 24 (Others), SWKH: 23 (Others), WGH: 52 (Others), WJH: 40 (Others) and WKH: 14 (Others).
It has now spread to various villages like Wahiajer, Thadlaskeiñ, Ummulong and other places.
“The remaining coal is 8,15,386.635 metric tonnes which will soon be auctioned within the stipulated time,” the statement said.
Three months after the shooting death of Khasi by the Assam police in Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills, the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) led by Commander Shangpliang, President, on June 1, 2023, she visited Borato and Mukroh villages to explain to the public on agriculture.
No visitors will be allowed to enter the dance hall.
Garo State includes only the boundaries of the areas now falling under North Garo Hills, East Garo Hills, South Garo Hills, West Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that the Dorbar Hall will be a great blessing to the village of Marshilong. how to decide how to carry out the activities within the community.
Digvijaya agreed that his love for Amrita was true, but he criticized the deception of people and his personal life.
Nongstoiñ: Robbers have robbed a house at Ladweitang Nongstoiñ and stolen T.2 lakh cash and some gold.
The North East 3×3 Basketball Challenge 2023 was held on 25th and 26th October at St Anthony's Higher Secondary School. Court, Shillong.
Agnes Kharshiing President of CSWO, has found Testaiphul Paliar, 26, of Domshohksoin, West Khasi Hills, a woman who was expelled from her village for moving from one church to another. another.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU)-Jaintia Hills has complained to the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills about the poor service delivery at Namdong PHC, which is one of the health centers that provides services to the residents of Namdong PHC. in the border villages of Assam and Meghalaya, she visited the hospital to meet and consult with the doctors in charge of the government hospital.
This is not meant to be eaten at once, but throughout the day, and portions are age-appropriate.
According to the minister, if there is any serious damage, the repair will be sent to foreign companies.
Another woman has been drowned in the floods in the village. The woman is from Proin village near Riangdo.
The new cases include 21 cases from East Khasi Hills, 12 from West Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from North Garo Hills, 3 from South West Khasi Hills, 5 from West Jaintia Hills and 1 from Eastern West Khasi Hills. 3, South Garo Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 3 and East Garo Hills
How much worse punishment, do you think, will be given to him who has trampled under foot the Son of God, and has profaned the blood of the covenant by which he was sanctified? And hath he blasphemed the Spirit of grace?” Hebrews 10:28-2
The team will also investigate the attacks on the Indian Embassy in Canada.
When asked what led him to become a Nongkhap shniuh, he said that the reason why he started this job was after he faced unemployment and he When he saw this opportunity, he started to learn how to shop at one of the shniuh shops, which used to be worked by a Khasi in Umsning. cover the hair.
Because of this lack of knowledge, we have lost our power and thus we have started to corrupt.
The winners of the 9th Badminton Championship 2023 include; Under-13 Boys Single – Mandapkupar Wanniang, Under-15 Boys Single – Adrian Syiemlieh, Under-15 Girls Single – Wansaphi Marpna, Under-15 Boys Doubles – Adrian Syiemlieh and Mebakyrshan Iawphniaw, Under-17 Boys Single – by Arbin Khardewsaw, Under-17 Girls – by Dedaphi Marpna.
The two precious souls who passed away who were honored by the Assam Regimental Center are (L) Kitborlang Lyngkhoi who passed away on 16th November, 2012 in Jammu & Kashmir, Glaciers and Skhemborlang Lyngkhoi who died shortly after a car accident.
Shillong: A heavy clash has broken out between foreigners and members of the KSU in Ichamati today. Many vehicles and houses have been burnt down. Many KSU members were shot and injured in the incident.
Thank you very much. This is the old saying. Look, you blind, hear, you deaf.
He said that many of the residents do not have Aadhar at all and therefore, it is against their right to block government schemes of the state government or the government of India.
He said that roads are important for the development of any place because without roads development works will not come.
In a meeting with the Minister of Education in July this year, he promised in front of the leaders that the Government will do so soon as the Government has already provided all the books. pages are not needed.
Therefore, on the above issues and especially on the increasing power outages, the union demands that MeECL should provide electricity to all the villages in the Nongpoh area and If it cannot provide, the union will close down the MeECL office in Nongpoh.
The UDP General Secretary said the party had discussed this issue before the KHADC dorbar and felt it should be left to the discretion of the MDCs to do whatever is necessary to seek clarification. The EC of Bah Pynshngain has said that the party has asked the CEM for clarification on nine issues but he has not given a 10-line answer.
Therefore, the UCFNEI has called on all churches and religious organizations to join hands on the 7th of June to pray for peace and end the bloodshed in Manipur by holding prayers in their own churches. .
“I agree with this resolution but the CEM has not explained clearly on this issue, now we in other states are not recognized as ethnic groups but the sad thing is that other ethnic groups can buy land. In Meghalaya, the Mizos have bought land in Madanrting while we Khasi have not bought land in other states, so we should urge the state government to amend this Presidential Order,” said Bah Titosstarwel.
We should rejoice together when our friends do good.
We have seen a lot of pandemics and kn the origin of the virus originated, but not the covid 19.
He said that the participation of children in such sports is one of the ways to escape from many evils in their lives in this age with hope. “I urge all the teams who have taken part in this tournament to play well to reach the goal and avoid any injuries,” said Bah SK Budnah.
The problem faced by the residents of this area is that vehicles are no longer willing to turn to this area to carry the food items that the residents need every day.
As the leader of the BJP, Himanta has also held the post of Minister in the State Government and other senior positions in the State Government.
Mawkyrwat, July 25: Shiningstar Marweiñ (00:31:07) and Marqueenless Ramsiej (00:40:12) are the two winners of the 18 years old race. The Deputy Commissioner & District Election Officer, Mawkyrwat together with the District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat on the occasion of the National Voters Day
In the next over, Bilgrak G Sangma replaced another wicketkeeper by Shubham Rasaily. /2.
“There are political parties and private individuals who have alleged that the state government has taken up to Rs 1500 crore for the FOCUS project,” he said. He said that it is unfortunate that these accused do not know that the total budget for the FOCUS and FOCUS + projects is only Rs 400 crore and not Rs 1500 crore.
The passage of time does not make it easy to hear that the coming of the New Year is near. Many people always look forward to it so that they can honor it with joy. a good year for employment, income, food, drink, clothing and so on.
These are the days when God is angry with the people of the earth because of the wickedness of the world. the holocaust, the flood and many other things as he caused to happen in ancient Egypt.
“As soon as we got our own state, our Khasi have retired, Ministers have been appointed and others but they have forgotten to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
These two blocks include Ri Muliang C&RD Block and Rambrai C&RD Block.
Nongpoh, July 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to hold a new election for the Rangbah Shnong of Umsawnongkharai, Ri Bhoi District. However, the KHADC's plan to hold the election has not been able to bring peace to both the parties, as on this day the people on the side of Bah Joseph Lyngdoh, who is also the Acting Rangbah Shnong, They have expressed their opposition to the Fresh Election of the KHADC. During the election, the election was held in the presence of the people sent by the KHADC. The meeting was attended by Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka, Bah Wanphrang Syiem, Bah Moses Syngkli, Lyngdoh of Nongkharai Raid, Raid Nongkharai office bearers and other Rangbah Shnongs from neighboring villages. village.
In addition, these Smart Meters from China have to be inserted with SIMs and connected to the grid.
Police have registered a case under Sections 21(a)/27(a) of the NDPS Act.
Before concluding this article on this subject, let us read what the Word of God says in the Gospel (John 3:16). For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. la kha alwei, That whosoever believeth in him shall not perish.
Also present on the occasion were Prestone Tynsong National Vice President of the NPP and Deputy Chief Minister, Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Teibor Pathaw MLA Mawlai, Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC Umsning. NPP candidate from Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Clement Mawlong, President of the NPP in Ri-Bhoi and other party leaders.
The serpent that tempted Im was also created by God.
In 2004, he completed his Matriculation from MBOSE Little Flower Hr.Sec School, Mawbri.
On the other hand, Bah Pius Marweiñ said that the Congress has turned into zero and the NPP has been rejected by the people.
The ceremony was held at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw in the presence of Bah FR Kharkongor, IAS Commissioner and Secretary to the State Government.
Ed and B.Ed examinations on July 10, 2023 and on behalf of Ambrose Ch Marak, he admitted that it will be postponed and this will be announced publicly in the coming days. come," the organization informed.
The West Khasi team, although losing in the first leg in Tura, has managed to show its skills in the second leg by beating Mawlai in the city. the crowd of fans.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle today conducted an inspection of several offices in Nongstoin. and find out about the attendance patterns of government servants.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, said that the suspects were arrested from Green Hills Restaurant in Polo Bazar along with 10 bottles of alcohol.
He said it is up to the wisdom of the people of the state to defame the BJP as it was in 2010 and
Two Indian Army pilots were killed in a helicopter crash in Arunachal Pradesh on Friday, Mahendra Rawat said on Friday.
The North Korean missile launch comes after preparations by South Korea and the United States to seek safeguards to avoid being affected by North Korea's illegal actions. The South Korean military is also investigating the type of missile that North Korea is firing at this time.
Rymbui said that as the Chief Minister said yesterday, the party needs to send a letter to the government so that it can move forward with this issue. The HNLC today sent a letter to the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and a copy to the Prime Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong and the Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, spoke about the vision of the leaders of the Hill State movement, who have worked tirelessly to ensure that we get our own state in accordance with the customs and traditions of our mountainous people.
Afghanistan and Myanmar, two of the poorest countries in the world, could not attend the summit in Doha because their governments did not agree. None of the leaders of those countries who have qualified to attend the meeting.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 422 new cases and 3925 active cases in the state.
At the same time, he said that the arrest of Bah Tarson may be a coincidence, because the leaders of the HNLC since the announcement of the HNLC to withdraw from the peace talks, have been allowed to withdraw from the peace talks. He has been arrested twice, where he has been summoned or searched while traveling in vehicles.
The 1st Division Football League 2023-24 will start today at the SSA Ground. The match between Laitkor SC and Malki will start at 2:15 pm. SC.Nongstoiñ, July 08: The Coordination Committee of West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a meeting at TRYSEM Hall at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya, as part of the To congratulate all the players of the District for the 5th Meghalaya Game.
Six months after the start of the Meghalaya State League, the winners of various leagues from the district associations of the state have taken part in the tournament.
That's how it is until now.
There have been preparations from various Hima in their respective preparations to take part in the festival which will end on the 26th of this month.
“The introduction of this Bill will further improve the implementation of the EC through its policies under this Bill and this cannot be achieved until it is approved by the Governor,” he said.
These days are the days when the students receive the fruits of their hard work at school.
Jowai, June 25: U MLA of Raliang Constituency, Comingone Ymbon today distributed checks worth Rs 1.18 crore to 175 farmer groups in Laskeiñ C&RD Block. The meeting was held at Moosyiem Square, Shangpung.
The BNP will not be able to block and suspend the elections through bloodshed, as there have been many signs of injuries, thousands of people have been injured, said Arfin Sidqui, a lecturer at Dhaka University. .
Not only that, the village has also strongly condemned the people involved in breaking the child into the truck.
“We have distributed about 20,000 lanterns to students in rural areas and this will encourage the people to use this type of light,” he said.
The RBI has also informed those who have these notes to return them to their banks before November 30,
Speaking to reporters, Minister and Government Spokesperson Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that due to the demand for physical strength, the minimum year has been set and also the maximum year in the these four branches.
Shillong: Leaders of the KSU Sengkmie, Samla Lambok Marngar President and Samla Donald Thabah Secretary in a statement today expressed their dissatisfaction and opposition to the proposal to allocate land to private individuals in Lokhra area. ,Nakarbil during the Marwet raid to the BSF, by not trusting these troops because instead of being the protectors of the peace and order of the people, they are the invaders of the land of our country. but the cause of persecution is in many ways.
“The HYC has also suggested to the state government not to allow the Assam government to use the notifications issued without the consent of the chief executives,” he added.
The vehicle reportedly fled the scene.
Pahuh Massar, Sordar of Raid Nongshken, said that the mistake was due to a mistake in the name of the deceased, who should have been taken to Nongshken, was Rishan Dkhar. Richard Dkhar, a resident of Riangdo, West Khasi Hills, has been arrested.
Arun Kumar Jain, In-charge General Manager of South Central Railway (SCR), has advised the officials in charge to be vigilant and disciplined in the construction of roads. protection against any incidents that may occur at any time from floods caused by heavy rains.
Diabetes is one of the most common diseases caused by lifestyle choices, affecting many people around the world.
Dr. Sanki Shangpung, MLA of Tuber, Minister of Revenue and Daloi of Jowai District, Nongjngi, Eveningstar Teron, MDC of Bataw. , Puramon Kynjing came to witness the service.
He said it is the custom of all ICUs to operate in order to provide adequate services.
Schiang, General Secretary, Bah S.Bamon, said that they will lodge a PIL in the High Court. They have already lodged a complaint with the government and the district authorities regarding the death of the fish, but this has happened again and again, therefore the union has decided to lodge a complaint with the High Court. Court to find out the cause of the death of fish in the Lukha River.
Although these natural forces are increasingly destroying the agriculture, the farmers do not hesitate but continue their good deeds.
The United Nations Organization (UNO) has set aside this day to remind us of the importance of preserving forests and avoiding the felling of trees to protect all living things. to protect the water sources and to provide us with clean air to breathe.
The HNLC said that the enemies are scientists, so it is necessary for the people of Hynniewtrep to stop fighting each other and taking advantage of each other, especially the police. the indigenous people who should have protected their own people instead of attacking them just to please their officials and the merchants from outside the state.
“We have written an application to the Prime Minister to meet him, and we have sent a letter of invitation, but we have not received a reply,” he said.
Mobile phones and cameras are not allowed to enter the polling stations.
The strawberry festival was held at Sohliya village in Ri Bhoi district, Syntung village in East Khasi Hills and Darechikgre village in West Garo Hills.
Shortly after, the Kharshilot complained about this and they could no longer buy silver from the markets they used to buy, so the silver trade stopped immediately.
This has led many to speak and regard the State as a state of debt.
On the other hand, they have taken action and today they have met with these officers and handed over a letter to request them to take action on this.
Hek said that the health department has visited 6769 households and has collected the names of 3115 people who have returned from abroad by phone. .
The election is part of the UDP's efforts to strengthen the party to prepare for the MDC and MP Lok Sabha elections in
Office bearers Shimbor Langte, Working President, Shining Wanniang, Vice President and others encouraged and urged the units and circles to have love and unity.
She added that the court may recall the matter at any convenient time.
Shillong, Naitung 02 : The All India Trinamool Congress (ANC) will not contest the 2023 MLA elections in the state, on Tuesday.
Those companies that operate electricity are not private companies or are run by retired bureaucrats.
KHNAM President Pyndap Saibon recalled that KHNAM was formed in 2002 a year before the MLA elections and in 2003 it elected two MLAs and in 2004 it elected two MDCs. In 2008, KHNAM had only one MLA and in 2009, it increased to 4 MDCs. However, in 2011, he said that an attempt was made to dissolve KHNAM by some of its leaders. However, the existing leaders have been able to revive the party which was recognized by the Election Commission in
He said the MDA government should not just wait for the Government of India to pass laws for the minorities but the state government should pass laws to protect the minorities.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 1381 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 471, Ri Bhoi with 178, West Jaintia Hills with 85, South Garo Hills with 50 and North Garo with 1381 active cases. Hills 53, Eastern West Khasi Hills 46, South West Khasi Hills 46, East Jaintia Hills 35, South Garo Hills 30, West Khasi Hills 27 and East Garo Hills 20.
Speaking as the chief guest, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the youth need such sports because when the youth are healthy and strong they can fight against any forces that try to attack them. Jaidbynriew, he said that in these days there are foreign forces who want to destroy the Jaidbynriew by bringing evil things in this beloved country so that the youth will not fall into these pleasures. They have been destroyed by the Jaidbynriew.
" Acts 1:8 And they were astonished at Jerusalem until the day of Pentecost, being empowered with power from on high, and from that day forth they preached the gospel of the Lord Jesus. , and a great harvest was also made of precious souls unto the Lord.
Unfortunately this man successfully snatched the rifle from the police after a huge fight and one of the police fell into a river.
Speaking to Rupang, Titos said that the duty of the Forum is only to manage the two-day festival, to provide water, electricity, sound equipment, On the allegations in the news about the construction and construction of various projects including the appointment of Anderson Structural Consultant, he said that the Forum does not have a He said it is the responsibility of the EC and former CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tynsong said; “Now the preparations in this regard are almost complete and soon we will release the job advertisement if not this year at least at the beginning of next year.
Thank you very much BabuThank you very much sir and for the newspaper you work hard to publish.
Bah Adelbert did not appear during the Dorbar but left the Dorbar House before the turn came to raise his question.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Mulding Kharbani and welcome speech was delivered by Bah Bikromlin Lyngkhoi, Chairman of the People's Assembly of Nongnah.
Shillong: The Ministry of Agriculture, Government through its Sub Divisional Office at Sohra, today conducted a training for farmers especially in the field of poultry farming so that they can improve their income. The training was for farmers from different villages of Shella Bholaganj C&RD Block.
This is the place where all the pilgrims end their journey.
“From the numbers you can see that it is the UDP which has won the most MLAs and it is the only party that will get the prime minister if we can form a government,” he said.
Shillong, July 18: The Executive Committee of Smit Pyllun has banned the suppliers of weapons whether they are Dkhars or Khasi from entering the villages.
Like.
One of these is the deterioration of the road even after 40 years of independence.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : U Prime Minister Narendra Modi together with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday inaugurated the vehicles for testing mobile food items. Food Testing Laboratory, (FSW) at State Central Library, Shillong.
The party was formed at a meeting held at Hotel Lyngwiar, Mynkree EJHD on the 10th of this month.
Shillong: There have been 75 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, including 51 cases from East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, June 08: The refusal of the Governor of Meghalaya, Keshari Nath Tripathi to accept the decision of the state government to appoint an Administrator in the KHADC, has sent a warning message to the Congress-led state government.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the residents of the area, Elias Pradhan, said that they came suddenly without prior notice and ordered them to immediately remove their belongings. it shall be rat lang with tiar and tar spirit.
I remember that our honorable Dy Chief Minister appealed to the people to follow the rules and if they don't follow them it shows that they hate themselves and their families.
At present, the KHADC is in turmoil after the CEM Latiplang Kharkongor failed to form the Executive Committee (EC) due to the power struggle between the Council and the government.
The judgment said that the court's warning has already been written on the order dated March 4, 2023, in which in paragraph 6, the court has ordered the state to consider these allegations against a private person and allowed him to file an affidavit against the affidavit filed by the petitioner in PIL No.8 of
The union also expressed its concern over the delay in issuing the government's report on the shooting of two innocent paradoh parasnam in Mookhep.
Readyon Stone said the Minister in charge of Education has promised to take action and consider these demands of the union in order to improve education in the state.
Nongstoiñ Public Secondary School won the title after beating Sibsingh Govt.
Shelmikstun Nongphud, 44, resident of Domshohksoin village, Rambrai, has been missing since October. 2023 and still no information about him is available.
In a letter sent by email to the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma recently, the “Lawei ba Phyrnai”, which does not identify itself as a rebel group, is composed of 37 educated people. It has threatened that bomb blasts will take place every month from 1st June
The court has given another two months to file the affidavit as requested by the lawyer who represented Barcelona Bamon.
She is also the lead producer of 'Mission 2024' with Preeti Choudhry, who also won the Gold Award for Best Early Prime Time Show among other awards.
It is the blood of the mother to mushlia the ownership of the land.
Therefore, on this issue too, the state has demanded its own share.
At the age of 35, Bah Sun has produced many Khasi cassettes, albums and films.
However, the Government will create the mechanisms to implement the transformation of the land into suitable areas for agriculture and other purposes.
On this occasion, the officials of the Environment Department and the Fire Brigade, in their speeches, expressed their concern over the increasing number of forest fires in the area. in the state as a whole especially during the rainy season, which has caused severe damage not only to the environment and plants but also to the families of the residents adjacent to the forests.
“There have been some positive cases which have disappeared which means that they have given us fake phone numbers, fake addresses but my message to those people is Those who do so are thieves which means you have made a serious mistake and by this action of yours by cheating at the entry point that is your crime.
(Jonah 2 & 3) Therefore, these days in which we live are the days when God gives us the opportunity to repent before the fulfillment of the signs of the Lord's coming as written in the book of Revelation. the word of God.
Rev. JJM Nichols Roy was a great thinker not only for the Khasi people but for the people of Northeast India.
Seinjait Tuber Higher Secondary School, Tuber Kmaishnong has won the title of 'Overall Champion' in the District Level Inter Schools Athletic Meet 2024 organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO), East Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the East Jaintia District Sports Association. (EDSA).
The age limit is for those born on or before 01-06-2012 and should not exceed 30-06-2
The Manipur government has suspended four police chiefs including an IPS officer in connection with the incident. Superintendent of Police, Kamjong, who is an IPS officer and other police chiefs, including K Ajit, H Basulal and Bikramjit.
He also congratulated NIFT Shillong for organizing this successful program in these two days and also congratulated the students and teachers of NIFT Shillong for organizing this successful programme. a successful and fruitful campaign.
Through the deaths of these two persons, the total number of deaths has now risen to 4 cases in the State.
The union also said that it will not help us to fight against this disease by various means such as lockdown, or by banning export and import through the Land Custom in Tamabil without being able to curb this trade. illegal with heavy security in the border regions.
The 1-year-old child, son of Hiel Dkhar, a girl and 11-year-old son of Mial Dkhar escaped the incident and sustained minor injuries.
“The Gaming Act and Rules prohibit the villagers from gambling.
“In fact, as a party, we want to give a special place to Bah Pius in this government because the cabinet has been filled,” said Dr Jemino.
Shillong: The Opposition MDCs have expressed their anger over the T.28 crore allocation by the CEM of KHADC to 16 contractors from the T.32 crore allocation that the KHADC has recently received. from the federal government.
It was also witnessed that today the police stationed the ground floor of the Sardar Police Station and immediately closed the gate, where only the secretary was allowed to enter.
Athulya – 9497780187, Dr.Sr.
Sir K.Cantlie said, "The Jaintia Syiems, like the Khasi Syiems, are not the Chiefs of the land but they have the power to rule only over the heads of the people and not over the land. Cantlie, 1934).
The President of the UDP said that some people ask why the UDP gave ticket to Bah Shylla and the answer is that to be a leader of the people you need a person who is intelligent, brave and able to explain to the people and For this reason, the UDP has elected Bah Shylla who is a brave leader.
Understanding the evils that will arise and the price that society will pay for the existence of casinos and other evils, the Forum calls on the leaders of churches, organizations and groups to support together with this demand to stop these casinos and other evils.
Earlier this morning, the FKJGP had visited the pig slaughterhouse in Jaiaw Langsning. Marbud said that the place was clean and dirty. The Association of pig farmers said that they cannot do so because they do not have enough land.
Noting that his constituency is blessed with nature, he said that the tourist spots in Mawkynrew have become the most sought after places for tourists nowadays.
Another demand is to improve the road to enter the college.
“We have written to the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and we have requested the Government to increase the salary,” he said.
However, the difference is that the District Council registers the land while the government registers only the dulir.
It may be recalled that under Phase-I and Phase-II of the GSWSS, the PHE has already supplied water to Mawlai, Nongthymmai, all areas under the Shillong Municipality, the Cantonment, the Armed Forces under the the 101 Area and the Upper Shillong and Laitkor Air Force.
Noting that the time for the announcement of the candidate has not yet come, the RDA chairman said; “We continue to hold a joint consultation in addition to the other measures we have discussed which we will discuss again at the next meeting.
Even if rang tyrkhong, she said that the electricity supply has to be turned off because of the shortage of water, so MeECL and the government cannot be supported.
Amid the controversy over the construction of the $42 million bishops' palace, Tebartz-van Elst said the bill is actually for 10 projects and will have the cost that can be exceeded.
Speaking on the occasion, Gary S.Myrboh President of HITO Mawryngkneng said that there have been injuries and deaths of animals due to the lack of electricity at the post especially during the rainy season. which does not cause a tragedy to happen.
Shillong: Meghalaya have secured their place in the final of the Sub-Junior National Football Championship after beating Punjab 6-0 in Group A at Kalyani, West Bengal on Saturday.
However, today, at around 6 pm, three unidentified persons robbed the Bijou cinema without buying a ticket.
“As of Nov. 1, a CPJ investigation shows that some 61 journalists and media workers are among more than 16,000 people who have died since the start of the war on March 7 ," CPJ said.The highest number of journalists died was on March 7 when seven people died and the second was on November 18 when five died.
Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), Youth Affairs & Sports, MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space and Chairman, NEC, Dr Jitendra Singh will deliver a speech on the occasion. They started this meeting tomorrow.
“However, as members, we don't know anything about the status of the bill because the EC will soon submit its report to the Legislative Assembly,” said War, who is a former member of the Executive. the Elaka Department in the former EC.
Now Meghalaya has been freed from the CAA and there is no reason for those who oppose to continue talking nonsense but as citizens of this country we must work hard for progress in all aspects,” he added. to Momin.
The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) was established in July 1996 with the aim of bringing about unity among the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has sent a letter to the Chief Election Commissioner of India (ECI) regarding the misuse of some government ministers and MLAs. The National People's Party (NPP), even those MLAs who are not yet full members of the party.
The Minister said that the MCCL, which started in 1955 to produce 250 TPD of dewbilat, has later increased its production to 340 TP. to increase income, but in 2007 that MCCL or the dewbilat factory started experiencing economic difficulties where it could no longer produce from this plant.
The CAG has recommended that the ADCs should be directed to hand over the suspended UCs.
Three people were killed and 70 others seriously injured in the overturning.
Only Nakul Verma (20 runs) scored the most runs for the team, while Rajesh Bishnoi contributed 15 runs and Choudhary finished with 10 runs before the end of the innings.
Let us now see what this Plan has to do with this challenge we are facing now.
He also said that any needs in the district as the MLA of the area will submit a report and inform him as the Prime Minister so that he can look into and take the necessary action.
The country's rice supply is only about four to five months a year.
Meanwhile, the cause of the accident is not yet known.
It is understood that the traffic jam in Motphran will increase if the 50 Jaïaw and Lawmali taxis and the 40 Mawtawar taxis stop along the road.
Murdoch last year signed a contract with dentist and radio speaker Ann Lesley Smith, but a month later he broke up with Lensey Smith.
They said that two teacher posts in the subject Education have been vacant since 2015 and 2016 as in 2015 one teacher resigned while in 2016 another teacher retired.
The target of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to increase the trade of Meghalaya to $10 billion by 2028, is an achievable target and should be supported. if your desire is sincere.
The training program was held at the Dorbar Hall of Western Ri Bhoi District with the participation of farmers from Western Ri Bhoi District.
in lane for more information please contact the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Planning Branch) and the office of the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
A UK woman, also an Israeli, who was injured in an attack in the West Bank last month, died on Tuesday while undergoing treatment.
Those who are not from the same church group move further away.
It is impossible to mention and criticize too much about the creation and production of this film Apot, as it is a story that needs to be included in the memory of this puriskam.
It is also true that the support of the parties in the MDA government, especially the NCP, HSPDP and even the PDF and BJP, which have cast their votes, has contributed to this glorious victory.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah HM Shangpliang, MLA, Bah PT Sawkmie, Female Secretary of AICC Deborah C. Marak and others.
Various games were also held with the participation of children with disabilities and a medical check up was also conducted for all the children under the care of the Hans Foundation.
The Arunachal Pradesh government this month announced that six sub-inspectors (SIs) of the state police department who are still undergoing physical training at the North Eastern Police Academy NEPA], Meghalaya have been dismissed on the 3rd of this month for their involvement in the theft of examination question papers conducted by the Arunachal Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC).
Upper Shillong Circle Youth Union in collaboration with VDP Umlyngka.
Furthermore, the Union has invited the clubs of Riwar area such as Pomlum Wahrew, Umsyiem, Nongkwai, Tishang and Nongjri to affiliate as the Union will soon start the Football League. 2023.
Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh General Secretary EKHD said that time is running out but the residents remain the same and changes are needed now.
Our strong opposition is to ensure that the social agreement should not be done by forcing our people,” he said. Urging the people to immediately reject the MoU, Mukul said. , “when we fight for the welfare of the people and for our state, we should not stop halfway, if we fight, we will win.
For more information please call 9402300795 &
We request the law enforcement authorities and the Sports Department not to allow Jobi Warlyrpih to teach Judo students as directed and handed over in a way that is not appropriate. Federation of India.
He said that so far 1399 people have been tested, 1288 negative, 11 positive, one death and 97 results are pending.
There have been protests regarding the reservation policy, but I am not telling you, we have held 14 meetings with experts to ask their opinion on this issue.
Therefore, the High Court said that stronger and stricter rules should be prepared to monitor and control the theft of state property donated by the environment, as well as to maintain the roads especially when the roads are exposed to heavy rainfall.
The MDA has promised to promote tourism, has built artificial turf grounds in almost all districts of the state to promote sports,” he said.
The aim is to encourage more men to participate in the contraception program of the Madhya Pradesh government conducted by the Madhya Pradesh National Health Mission (NHM). The rule was issued on 11th June
Why does God's Word say that death is just a sleep? The reason is that man is a spirit; the soul and the Spirit are different.
West Jaintia Hills District has recorded the highest number of cases with 42 new cases.
When the police examined the body, they found that there were signs of injury on the head and it is suspected that he had already died.
Shillong, June 07 : U Minister of Ports, Shipping and Waterways and Ayush, Union Government, Sarbananda Sonowal has highlighted the success of Assam in hosting two Yoga Mahotsav in recent years. Assam has become the most popular yoga destination in the country.
“However, it is the duty of the State Government to clarify the importance of the railway line to the State and therefore, the Deputy Commissioners have held public awareness meetings from time to time,” he said.
On this occasion, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong said that it is not easy for Meghalaya to send security forces to Block I as it is under the jurisdiction of Assam. .
The source said that it is clear that it will not be easy for the RDA to take a decision at this meeting as both the parties do not agree on the name of Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin to be the name of the RDA. Laitmawhing Sports Club has reached the final of the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) at Tyrsad Stadium.
U Bah Metbah informed the Assembly that he will move this motion tomorrow 11th November 2020 at 11 am to discuss the no-trust notice tabled by the Congress party. The 11 MLAs who signed the motion said that the no-confidence motion will be tabled against the Council of Ministers of the Meghalaya government. Democratic Alliance (MDA) for the failure of the state government to work for the people.
There was not a single famous thing he did.
Therefore, who is wrong with the electorate or the MLAs who support the formation of the government?
Regarding social activities, Dr. Lartang urged them not to live alone.
Shillong, July 09 : The Mawpait Tlongpleng Sports & Cultural Club (MTS&CC) as part of the New Year celebrations, has organized a sports competition in the village. which is known as the 2023 Mawpait Tournament Meet.
Therefore, after taking the decision to leave the BJP, we have also decided that this time we will work hard to win the election of Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, who is the Congress Candidate from Nongpoh Constituency. added.
At the same time, Dr. Jain urged the state government to introduce changes in the collection of tax on natural gas and to introduce a CGD policy in Meghalaya according to the draft policy prepared by the Other speakers at the meeting included Shakil P.Ahammed, Suresh P Manglani, CEO of Adani Total Gas Limited, Sanjay Kumar, Director (Marketing), GAIL (India) Limited and Ajit Kumar Thakur, CEO, Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited and others.
The injured were taken to Jowai Civil Hospital for treatment.
Through the petition, it was also expressed that this can lead to a feeling of inequality among the different ethnic groups and can even affect the unity that they used to have.
Risuklang Malngiang scored the first goal for the team in the 23rd minute.
According to information received from the Planning Department, Dr Roy said that T.4290 crore has been allocated but in the Governor's speech it was stated that it is T.4545 crore.
And as you can see, there is a lot of traditional food in this village.
There will be 3 leaders from each school.
These reports will be viewed collectively and consultation and implementation by MDBs will be encouraged in line with their approach.
Since ancient times, this order has been postponed and the relevant department should also make public the sanction order according to the government.
Tap the fertilizer about 2 inches above the seeds and cover it evenly.
Police have urged the owners of the truck to come to the police station with proper documents.
It is almost impossible to find that Ch works like Kh.
Rinibeth Patlong said that the disease is very common in Jaintia Hills and there are also children who have been infected with the disease.
The recent killing of Bangladeshis in Umkiang by suspected Bangladeshis who had smuggled into the Indian border areas is also one of the reasons for the introduction of Section 144 CrPC. The entry and exit into these border areas of the two countries is prohibited.
The venue will be used for various music programs in the coming days. There will be a music teaching venue, a venue, a hall, a residence hall and foreigners, and the exhibition of traditional artifacts of the people of the North East.
Speeches were also delivered by North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum and Mawlai MLA Brigstarwell Marbaniang.
However, if it turns to the right, these mynder who came to attack will flee our country within 100 years from now”.
The affected household belongs to Kong Jarly Phyllein of Amlari Rim Village, Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there have been 613 new cases in the past 24 hours and 890 recoveries. There were 7 deaths.
Shillong, Lber, 23: An Alto 800 (ML05 T-1313) was driving on the wrong side of Kashari Road near DC Office to IGP Point on One Way Road. A Bolero Pickup (ML05 AB 2210) was arrested at the SP Office.
In the 82nd minute, Rymbai Iawpynsing lost the ball and Sandeep Siangshai got the ball and passed the ball to Dashngain Sukhalin. Ksiar FC scored the first goal of the match and Niaw Wasa have now beaten Rymbai Iawpynsing by 2 goals.
Two other students who came in the top 20 include Teishaphrang Suchiang of Lummuroo Secondary School.
They demanded that Nazuk Kumar, director, IAS of 2016, should not take over the post, but should be appointed by the villager, who is IAS, in She said that it is not safe to appoint foreigners in this important department of the State Government, especially in the selection process for students who should go abroad to study.
The snow fell from the top of the statue on the 10th of June and turned into the image of God.
Following the outrage from the Arab countries, the BJP has temporarily expelled Nupur Sharma and Naveen Jindal, one of the party leaders, who has been expelled immediately.
Finally, regarding this claim by the CEM of KAAC, who had planned not to own these land in Block-1 and Block-2, the party did not accept at all. “Until there is such an agreement between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam,” he added.
This has also affected the BJP in the elections in these three states and this will also affect the upcoming MP elections.
He also informed about the harassment of Khasi on the border by people from Assam and tax collection of thousands of taxes for only 10 trucks to transport their agricultural products as synsar.
The High Court of Meghalaya has directed the State Government to prepare a Roster System to identify the vacancies according to the allocated group to avoid any errors in filling the vacancies. light after eventually.
Elizabeth, 26, who qualified for the World Cup, started training under the training of a coach with her father, Ian Vincent, near Umtham.
The Congress has won 60 seats, the BJP 47, the UDP 35, the PDF 26, the NCP 21, the HSPDP 13, the KHNAM and the All India Trinamool Congress eight.
As of 2nd May, the heavy rains in the state have affected 12 people in just one month from 1st July to 2nd May, and about 36 buildings including roads were damaged by heavy rains.
The ceremony started from the gate, which is opposite the Pung Umiam and from there went on to the nguh ka dem, the khan and judgment, which was held here while the Riew Tymmen Riew San. , he was still using words of gold and silver to call and proclaim to the ryngkew ki basa, who heard and listened, by the coming of their appearance.
If the police department conducts a survey to determine whether it has gained or lost the trust of the public, we estimate that 90 percent of them will say that they do not trust it at all.
The prophecy of the Prophet Ezekiel has been fulfilled in which the Word of God says, “But ye, O mountains of Israel, shall shoot forth your branches, and bring forth your fruit unto my people of Israel: THEY ARE COMING.Ezekiel
The home ministry said the NIA has reached Amravati and will start investigation into the incident.
“The BSF sends to open the checkpoints of the goods, which are here and there, they hold without releasing and release after a long detention and during the rainy season they have to wait even in the middle of the night just because they throw the that's right," said Stil.
The 13th Sub-Junior National Championship Roll Ball will be held from 29th to 31st December 2019 at Delhi Public School, Khanapara.
The winners of the 1st Prize will receive a cash prize of T.7000 tyngka, the 2nd Prize winners T.4000 tyngka and the third Prize winners T. .2000 rupees.
Speaking as the chief guest, Raja Brahma congratulated the RBDSA for taking the initiative to hold such a tournament with the aim of bringing together talented youth in the field of sports. From the General League and Super League, there are about 75 teams.
We promise not to coerce or intimidate anyone in the conduct of our affairs and government.
The fastest and brightest of these applications is that of the atmosphere.
The arrest of these six youths came after the relatives of the youth lodged a complaint against the youth for allegedly involved in the murder of the youth on social media and through the Ri Bhoi Police have arrested five other persons on charges of involvement in the rape of the youth.
On the other hand, 462 candidates passed the Final B.Com (Pass) and 317 candidates passed, which is 68.61 percent.
She said this while speaking at the confirmation meeting of the VPP Narpuh Circle at the Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong Lumshnong on Thursday.
“Regarding the Reservation Policy, this is no longer a new issue but one that everyone has been concerned about for many years.
Bah Ailing Thabah of Sohiong and Lait Nongkseh, and their families.
RAM read from as well as write unto memory chips.
This was confirmed by the Training Phawa Sports Secretary of the EJNC-CEC at a meeting held at the Committee Hall of Samasi Village, East Jaintia Hills District today.
However, even now, in this border dispute with Assam, there are still many parts of Meghalaya that will enter Assam.
“We have introduced this project in such a way that Shillong, New Shillong, Administrative and Knowledge City will have water supply for 30-40 years,” he said.
Perhaps almost every day we have witnessed news of drug seizures from different districts of Khasi Jaintia Hills, but it is more common to hear about drug seizures from parts of Garo Hills, However, the arrest of a woman from North Garo Hills with 23.93 grams of heroin shows that the drug has started spreading to parts of Garo Hills.
Thus, the path of the cross is to share the suffering and support others who are in suffering.
The objective of this program is to enable farmers to sell their jhur from their farms to buyers by delivering the jhur to their homes and selling it. beit from the house to the people.
“We hope to win all the candidates because we have nominated candidates we have hope,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
So to question the government doing all these things is like questioning the assistance to the poorest of the poor in the state.
Shetty said that the extension of the term of these Dorbars and the holding of only one election is because the holding of elections from time to time only brings huge expenses and the need for many people to conduct elections.
Last year, Pragya Singh Thakur, worked with only cow dung, which can protect against respiratory diseases and corona virus.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that the KHADC has done this under the provisions of the Trading by Non Tribals Act 1954 and Rule
The District Magistrate has authorized the release of the child and the body of the child has been handed over to the relatives for the rituals.
So mating in plants is done by a flower.
The Manager of Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex has lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station and the search for the suspects is ongoing.
It is not a difficult task for it, if the district sports officers can do their job with responsibility, the state itself can produce many talented sportsmen and women.
In the recent meeting with the people of the area, many of the problems they face due to the lack of basic development works were heard.
Police in South Garo Hills today arrested two persons identified as Sengchang Momin and Solly Sangma and seized T.28 lakh in 500 and 1000 notes from them. They were planning to deposit the money in their bank accounts in Tura.
Najim Kharmalki, former President of Western Ri-Bhoi Dorbar, has been defeated by Bah Eniasroy Rani in the election of the post of President. The EC on the 9th of this month has also taken part in the conduct of the elections according to the rules and regulations.
In a statement, the government department said that the dumping of sculptures made of paris plaster, dewbilat and plastic not only pollutes the water but also affects the environment. the health of the people.
The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioners of these nine districts and the Superintendents of Police of Bangladesh. Ahmed Kabir DC of Jamalpur District.
Initiatives such as Aadhaar, the world's largest biometric identification system, have made it easier to access government services.
When the children of Israel came to Pi Hahiroth, they were amazed and dark, and they looked up to see the Red Sea in front of them and blocking their way.
He said that besides this, the police have seized a large quantity of stones from the scene of the incident, 50 siej prepared to bomb the police, 20 knah, shi and the oil of wine, and the bottles of wine, and the cups.
The JYF has urged the government to immediately resolve the issue of the students to prevent part-time schooling.
He said that the state government, this year, will strive to appoint police posts at various levels.
Mamata said that only Modi's height has increased while the country's income has declined.
According to Bah Shane, the most congested areas are in the Laitumkhrah area along the road from Police Point to Shyllong Market.
The union has also warned the Rangbah Shnongs not to allow the owners of houses in the villages to allow foreigners to enter the villages, as this poses a threat to the people of our country. the leaders of the organization.
At present, only Bolero Pick-ups (four-wheelers) can reach the village through this forest road, which is also supported by the 100 days scheme (NERGS) here and there.
Thomas said the Chief Minister is not qualified to be the leader of the state especially in relation to the border issue, so he should step down immediately.
According to the Minister, in the past, they received very small grants of Rs 11,000, Rs 3,000 and they had their own grant system but now it has been streamlined.
A candle light rated between 1000K – 1900K. Therefore, the light from the candle or from the sun together with lighting equipment is written. Lighting : Light Temperature: Kelvin : Thermal temperature, which means the amount of color emitted by the light or the sun.
Speaking at the election campaign in Nengkra, Prestone said the NPP-led government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has done a great job in releasing the “To release the T.135 crore is not a joke,” said Prestone.
D passed & those who have received Distinction in Khasi subject:
Cristiano Ronaldo scored three points in the fourth minute of the first half.
Furthermore, conducting joint research, feedback and additional learning opportunities tailored to workplace needs further strengthen synergies.
It has been buried in darkness, because of the mistakes and we don't know the actions, which are still snap, from the accomplishments like the Rukom, which are the key to the light and understanding of our Khasi culture.
God is not involved in politics.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Wailadmiki Shylla, in her speech, congratulated the members of the Women's Welfare Organization, Seiñraij who have worked hard body and soul to bring about the welfare of the society, although they are among many. mobility challenges as an NGO.
The allocation for the construction of the Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki road has increased to Rs 1500 crore from Rs 1200 crore and the road was funded by the Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA).
The Urban Affairs Department has also been directed to identify two or three more places in the blueprint for the evacuation of these people.
A mother gives birth to a child according to her purpose, plan and understanding.
This is happening all over the world and in our country India.
The brothers and sisters and those who were the mothers who were there did not fail to give the ummat.
Shillong: U Marcuise N Marak of the NPP, the newly elected MLA from Williamnagar, today took oath as one of the 59 members of the Legislative Assembly.
Shortly after, it was reported that the troops rushed to the scene and took the protesters outside the television station. , that the message from the station could be seen again.
After this, Mawbidong Sec School (South West Khasi Hills) beat Umphyrnai Presbyterian (East Khasi Hills) by 12 goals, with the goals scored by Robindor Kyrsian (4,8,40 min). Ricky Kharkongor (10,37,42min), Gonestar Marwein (35,55 min), Baniar Kharsahnoh (54,57 min), Donestar M.Ngap (10 min), Bankitbok Mylliemngap (32 min).
Speaking to reporters, the Convener of the RBPC, Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum said that the RBPC has received information that there are 34 villages within the boundary of Raid Nongtung. The 18 villages are still in dispute between Assam and Meghalaya and according to the fact these 18 villages also belong to Meghalaya according to the documents. according to the truth from the beginning.
Dr Mukul Sangma said that the Government of India should not fight too much politics in our state which is a small state with only 2 MPs. Manipur and other states have been granted ILP but the surprising thing is why the ILP has not been implemented in Meghalaya.
The meeting was to discuss many issues related to border issues especially the strengthening of cooperation between the security forces of the two neighboring countries.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, U Dolloi Waheh Puramon Kynjing said that the ceremony was held in a smooth manner and the signs of the ceremony were God's. The people who contributed to the tri ceremony and who cooperated in the organization and completion of the ritual for the honor of Trekirot and the Blei Shnong Blei Raij.
Almost all the Congress leaders of the Jirang Block Congress Committee (JBCC) today called for the election of Bah Badhok Nonglalieh and the loss of ticket of Bah Witness Syngkli. They have decided to resign as leaders and members of the Congress Party, but have decided to give their full support to Bah Badhok Nongmalieh, who will contest from this constituency.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inaugurated three development projects in Ri Bhoi District, Patharkhmah, Marmain and Pahamsyiem Nongpoh. Members of the HYC Ri Bhoi, have carried placards with the slogans No ILP No Rest at 2 places.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday urged the MDA Government to stop politicizing the MRSSA. The Act has been introduced with the aim of preventing the illegal entry of foreigners into the State.
Jowai, March 2: Three persons have been arrested by the Jowai Police on charges of robbing and raping a woman inside her shop in Iaw Musiang, Jowai. since the body on the 29th of last month.
The Hockey India Federation (HI) has announced that it has confirmed the name of Craig Fulton as the new manager and head of the men's hockey team.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner & Chairperson of DDMA, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has requested the Rangbah Shnongs/Village Leaders/SHGs/Pastors, Tymmen Basan, Fathers to take part in ensuring that all the people who come to To enter the district or state, you must register at www.meghalayaonline.
When asked about Ao's statement, Mawrie said, “I don't know what he means by saying shibnai, he knows better.” There is no understanding within the party on this intention to leave the government.
Jesus also taught us to love our enemies.
In Ri Hynniewtrep there are many stories about faith.
Three coal miners have died inside a coal mine in Rymbai area. One of the dead was identified as (L) Ten. Siangshai, from Musniang village and the names of two others who died in the coal mine are still unknown.
The District Administration has identified Lad Smit and Upper Shillong as a joint market for the marketing of agricultural products.
According to reports from Rupang, a young woman who posted a post on Facebook named “Thad Madan” has been charged at Laitumkhrah Police Station on Saturday. whom she revealed by name after slashing the people she admitted to having sex with.
Dkhar said the Congress-led government has decided not to introduce the Administrator's Rule, even though the ARPA is in poverty.
Shillong, July 05 : Former Home Minister and former Sohiong MLA Bah HDR Lyngdoh on Saturday decided to join the UDP to prepare for the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced the results of the MDC elections to be held on 24th June.
After the demolition and closure of the Thang Briew, the Hindu Society Nongpoh, is in trouble if any deaths of Hindu people come, because they do not have a place to burn the bodies after the demolition. “It's been a long time since we've been in the area,” said Uteshwar Singh.
However, this evening it was received from the police department that the Chief Minister has canceled his visit to Psiar for unavoidable reasons.
The beast that comes up out of the earth is a religious ruler who has received power from Satan to perform signs and wonders.
In another incident, Mawsynram police have arrested a 15-year-old boy from Kenbah Malai village on a complaint that he raped a 6-year-old boy at his own house on 14th June.
He also informed that all the Ministers and Senior Officers involved in the border talks will leave for Delhi to celebrate the day.
MM Danggo was included in the committee to conduct the dorbar in the absence of the Lamphang.
He said he has informed the district authorities to investigate the incident and provide assistance to the affected families.
The Dorbar Shnong Loompyrdi Iongpiah would like to take this opportunity to express its gratitude to all the buyers of Lucky Draw tickets and to all those who participated and supported the fete of Loompyrdi Iongpiah to raise funds for the village and to promote its good works. village.
One of these children is the son of a teacher of the school who lives in Tpep Pale Jowai.
He said that whatever the government does in this regard will be in accordance with the law and no one can go beyond the law, but the government is ready to talk to the Harijan Panchayat Committees. to find a solution to this problem from both sides.
There are also those who live in quarters with policemen.
At the same time, he expressed his surprise that not a single political party has raised a word to support the teachers who have had to come out.
He said that the purpose of paying the money into their bank accounts is to free the employees from being harassed by the owners, because it may happen that in writing they say that they will give 8,000 while in hand. pat that gave only 6 thousand.
These include EGH: 1, EKH: 16, Ri Bhoi: 3, WGH: 2 and WKH:
The office bearers of the Nongpoh Circle are President S Suphai, General Secretary Biju Sylliang, Publicity Secretary Pynskhem Marwein and 10 Executive Members.
Shillong: The MLA elections to the Legislative Assembly are approaching and the preparations of the private sector and political parties have intensified and according to reports, it is understood that from North Shillong Constituency, the candidates There will be more candidates for the MLA elections as almost all the political parties have prepared to nominate their own candidates from this constituency.
The Cabinet meeting will be held on 3rd July 2020, where many issues will be discussed including the swearing-in of new ministers in the BJP government of Narendra Modi.
As the slogan MAITSHAPHRANG, we see the enthusiasm of the members and those who are ready to break the law and move forward.
“However, on top of these schemes, there are some people who are not farmers who fall under the list of farmers, such as Class I, Contractors and Teachers who have received the 12,000 farmers scheme. /- for one year.
Waheh Shnong Skhemmon Rymbai and General Secretary Emiki Biam together with the residents expressed their gratitude to these leaders who have donated this foodgrains during this time of lockdown to help the families affected by this struggle. against the COVID-19 pandemic.
“As we all know the struggle in society because of this disease which has affected the lives of people here in our country and around the world, we need the special help and protection of You are God.
The BJP has sent a letter of support to the NPP for the formation of the new government in the state.
However, the broadcast of Modi's speech was in vain due to the lack of internet connection at the venue, and the people were unable to witness the face-to-face meeting with the Prime Minister.
Just as in Tripura, the indigenous people have become the minority and the foreigners the majority, the BJP wants the same situation in Tripura to happen throughout the eastern region of India.
Vidya Balan has been appointed as the spokesperson for fashion brand Shobitam, which will showcase its new collections in the coming months.
According to the Meghalaya State Language Act 2005, Khasi and Garo have been recognized as additional or associate official languages ​​along with English which is the official language of the state.
Recently, even the NPP MLAs have sought a place from the BJP to contest the upcoming elections.
The attempt of Thomas Jones I to use the Roman Script for the Khasi language was not approved by the Church of Wales.
Pynthorbah opened the scoring through Juvier Kharkongor in the 29th minute to take the lead by the end of the first half.
Earlier, the Chief Guest in his speech said that during the arrival of the British and missionaries there was fear among the Khasi people and this is what led the Jaidbynriew to raise up to three mawbyrsiew.
The mother of Ramesh Dkhar, Mela Dkhar, also came to join the march and speaking at a short meeting, she said that although she is a mother, her soul is “If Ramesh Dkhar doesn't, he will kill me first, yes he is my son but now I feel like I don't He is a son, he has the appearance of a man, but his soul is a spirit of demons, and according to the law, if he is imprisoned, he shall be imprisoned for life. At the same time, the woman expressed her gratitude and appreciation to the village authorities of Tongseng village who have taken responsibility for her and looked after this matter. understand her sufferings.
The ambulance, which was launched by the Jirang MLA, was purchased through the Chief Minister Relief Fund, which was donated to the CHC, as it is a CHC far from Nongpoh. The hospital does not have enough ambulances.
“I have been told by the VC of NEHU that many seats have been vacated because last year, many seats were vacant at NEHU due to failure to pass CUET. They should prepare well for such examinations,” he said.
The ticket application for these eight candidates was announced at a meeting of the HSPDP held today in Nongstoiñ.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The education department has left the rural school children without knowing anything about the food aid provided by the central government from class I (one) to X (ten).
Speech was also delivered by Kong A.Syiem who urged the players to have discipline, hard work and not to lose hope but to have a spirit of struggle.
At the same time, she explained about the 1000 days program which has been implemented with the aim of women registering and taking good care of themselves from the time of pregnancy until the birth of the child. children should be exclusively breast fed and should be supplemented with complimentary food after they have reached 6 months of age. time is not set.
“The government has said that it will exempt the land owners of this state from the scope of this Act,” said FKJGP President Bah Joe Marwein. the law requiring them to make affidavits and other requirements"
The President of KSU Mawshynrut Circle, while talking to reporters, said that according to a thorough investigation, the KSU Mawshynrut Circle has found that the ration was sold as rice. of 5 schools including Jynru Niangbrak LPS, Riangshiang Press.
He said the TMC should have investigated before making a promise as they have admitted that they have been able to implement it properly in West Bengal.
Hundreds of people from all over the country who came to witness the ceremony, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister in charge of PWD, Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA Umroi, Local MDC, Chemhok Garod, Jowai North MDC Marki Mulieh and other government officials including SP of WJH, RR Muthu, Chief Engineer of Water Resources Department, KD Phawa and others.
Speech was also delivered by Kong Wajri, as the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Warjri, who gave a special greeting from the officers and leaders in the government, who Under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, they have been able to open the District Jail at Mawsyntai.
The final match today was a thrilling match which was filled with fans of these schools despite the bad weather.
On the other hand, Dr War said that a 46-year-old man who was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital today has died of Khyllai. You are also Covid Positive.
There, we will see that 'he who is happy will be alone' and also 'he who laughs first will cry last'
This is the second time that the Khimsuniang Dorbar Shnong, Jowai has held a common platform campaign for the candidates for the Legislative Assembly elections on Friday night.
Pariat said the police may have taken him to hospital for examination.
Patricia Mukhim, one of the oldest journalists in the field, expressed the same feeling by saying, “Mohan Bhagwat, I live in a country that has always been and will continue to be so. It is the land of my ancestors and this country of mine was called the Ri Hynniewtrep and it was not part of India until
Furthermore, the KSU leader said that it is useless to worship the gods of the country, while the paia and rishot of the Jaidbynriew are getting worse and worse with the passing of the days.
We don't point fingers or blame anyone but we just want to express this problem especially the students who have to write their various examinations.
The PWD department is the government department responsible for the construction and maintenance of roads in the state.
He said that what prompted the Sengbhalang to do this themselves is because they see the lack of attention of the District Council.
On the other hand, the organizers of the event led by the Raid Shabong and its branch, the Khuntrai Sawkur Khap Um Song under the leadership of General Secretary Bah Riban Lyngdoh and Pa'iem Laborious Manik. S Syiem visited the Mawnongrim at the plantation named after the former President of the country, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam.
This order will not cover the employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, those who supply essential equipment, Presses including Electronic and Print Media, Petrol Pumps and LPG distributors. They must strictly follow the rules and regulations laid down to prevent the spread of COVID-1
“The unhappiness is that these refugees, after becoming convinced of their village status, have brought more and more new people and they are also unrecognizable people,” said Bah Marbah.
It cannot be denied that Jamwal was a skilled rangiakura in that he did not allow Thapa to win easily.
The Counterintelligence Wing of Punjab Police on Tuesday night raided the vehicle from Phagwara on suspicion of carrying Amritpal and his assistant, the police said. a source came from the police.
The deaths in hospital included 15 infants and children and 16 adults.
The size of Planet Mars is only about half that of our Earth, and it is also stronger.
Foods rich in Vitamin-C including fruits and vegetables are able to meet the body's need for this vitamin.
On Sunday morning, police recovered a dead body buried in the shyiap of the Umpniang River below Nongpathar Square. Compare.
On the other hand, the union has donated benches and bookcases to the Umbir LP School for the use of the school. school authorities.
The player registration fee is T.30 and each team or club should not exceed 25 players.
Speaking to the farmers, Bah Demijit Sawkmie, Joint Secretary of MECL, explained the demands of the farmers, saying that on the demand for full employment of casual workers, u He said that nothing can be done at present because the project has not gone well, but he promised that he will discuss this with the higher authorities.
It also ensures the implementation of the Inne Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya to curb the illegal entry of foreigners and to protect the indigenous people of the State.
The KSU also alleged that Prestone's remarks show that he wants to destroy the Laitkroh constituency with the intention of uniting them within the Lyngkyrdem constituency.
BJP Meghalaya leader Nalin Kohli has expressed his surprise to see that Meghalaya and Assam have the lowest number of Aadhar users in the East. .
It is to be recalled that the entire country is under lockdown following the news of the outbreak of a strong coronavirus in the United Kingdom.
In the statement, she also expressed her desire to end the bloodshed and come up with another way of talking, and said she was confident that the Indian government would understand her desire.
Ms SM Wanniang urged the participants to lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities against those who try to exploit children in their families.
“We are not talking about the reservation policy, but we are talking about the roster system,” he said.
The tournament will be opened on the 17th at JN Sports Complex, Polo.
“How they can prove it is up to them,” Marak said, condemning the allegations of other parties against Mukul.
The High Court has said that teachers who have joined the service on or after 1st June, 2010 will get the benefits of the new Pension Scheme which will be paid from 1st June, 2010 in lieu of payable from 1st June
They also requested the CM to request the Government of India to resolve the protest of the farmers in Delhi on the three laws on agriculture. riang which has just been passed.
Speaking at a meeting at Madan Shad in Mawphlang, Bah Pynshailang said that he wrote these books in 2016 and in this book he wrote about the independence of Meghalaya, the lyngshop. Covid-19, Youth, Mawphlang High Priest, Children's Story, Election Story and others.
Pala defeated the independent candidate Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit by 40,348 votes and Purno defeated the Congress candidate Daryl William CH Momin by 39,500 votes.
This prohibition and prohibition should be implemented because there is often a bias if the person holding that position is a member of any political party.
Police and BJP workers reportedly hid Narang in a nearby shop, but when he left the shop, he was shot again and there, they torn his clothes. his.
Regarding this, the pum pum has affected the residents of the village where the pum pum has entered the kitchen and sleeping quarters and even to wash clothes, because the pum pum has covered the house. They have to go from house to house and what is worse is that they have to breathe with pum pum.
The State President of the Meghalaya BJP Mahila Morcha, Sukhi Pariat, said, “The Meghalaya BJP Mahila Morcha strongly condemns this atrocity against women.
He said the census was conducted after being directed by the state government through the High Level Committee.
The SP said that the man was in the middle of a ring disease.
Speaking to media, Titos W Chyne said that in the beginning the state government has recognized and appointed members of the District Committee and they have also become its members.
The Spring Festival is organized by the Ri-Bhoi Youth Development and Social Organization (RBYDSO) at 5 pm. evening in King's Square.
This means that we cannot send the report without the participation of Assam to inspect with us which we expect to happen soon,” he said.
This includes the clean water along with the clean water.
They are articles, which are different.
Bataw YWSC beat Lumputhoi SC 2-0 in the first division football tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Friday.
Nongpoh: On the day of the inspection of the Screening Center at 13Mer and found that it still has some shortcomings, the Chief Ministers of Ri Bhoi District held an emergency meeting. ha Byrnihat and through this meeting, they sent a petition to the Chief Minister, to urge him to strive to fill the shortcomings in the Screening Centre.
In Meghalaya, many people use TATA vehicles and he hopes that the love of the people for the company will continue despite the closure of the TATA vehicles. The bag is not in Mawlai.
But the mother is not like that, because the mother is like the soil. If you sow any kind of seed, it will grow.
Clement is a former school teacher at his school and is also a full member of the NPP Party and a longtime member of the party.
so here I just want to bring up only 3 things that many people have encountered or experienced, and that's it.
Chief Guest Habung Payeng in his speech said that the movement from one state to another will bring unity among the states of the North East.
He said that it is necessary for all the Biodiversity Management Committees (BMCs) of the State in the villages to disseminate information to protect the environment, plants, animals and wildlife of the area. with the help of the People's Biodiversity Register (PBR).
Regarding the ban on quarrying, this has also affected the local people who earn their living and due to the ban on mining in their own country, they have had to smuggle.
On 19th June, four persons were arrested from Guwahati in connection with the shooting of two Khasi by robbers on the night of 18th June at Khyndailad.
In fact, there are many types of diseases such as candida, aspergillosis, cryptococcus, histoplasmosis and coccidioidomycosis.
During the investigation, the police have confessed that he did not commit the crime.
Shillong: U Bah Sadon Blah, Leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in the peace talks, on Tuesday said that if the government does not drop the cases against the leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), There is no point in sending talks to the top leaders of the party.
He said that the party has already lodged a complaint with the Syiem Police Station, but it has been seen that there has been no action and therefore the party urges the CEM to take action more urgently.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the statement of the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA) HDR Lyngdoh. the Council shall be your own friend.
Roman Tsymbaliuk said Medvedev was shot dead by his own troops after they were outraged by the deaths and injuries of the 1,500-strong troops. one battalion.
Out of the more than 20 lakh male sperm cells purchased by the government, 61,000 have been destroyed without use.
The Constitution of India clearly states that Indians have the right to freedom of speech and expression.
The source of strength comes from Him and the Word of God will help us to be clean in our lives.
My father was also a newspaper writer who lived in the market and was kidnapped by robbers in Guwahati.
“On the statement in the east, it used to be because in the MDA government there are six political parties along with the private sector and it used to be such statements, but we have done it to work. together with the understanding"
He said that he is ready to contest for the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, which should be held now.
Balkarin has been hungry for three days now.
