Members of the FKJP gathered at Lumdiengjri Police Station: Rupang.
Trinamool Congress MP Mahua Moitra has strongly criticized the Narendra Modi government for concealing the death toll from the virus. inches can't mask 56 lakhs.
The house was owned by Kong Thikna Hadem and Bah Medri Lamare who were farming at the time of the incident.
Mayweather showed the $100 bill, which amounted to £1.4million.
Also present on the occasion were Wanseng Jyrwa, Vice President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, President of HANM, Bah Nelson Kharbani, Bah Bawan Nongsiej, Vice President, Venus. office bearers of HANM Mawlai District Unit and the spectators.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Sangma said that mental illness is very important in the health department although this issue has not been addressed in a proper manner. should or should not set any goal to provide treatment for mentally ill persons.
While the world is fighting the war in Ukraine, former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is still fighting the war of love and that is, he has managed this time, to He married a young woman, who was 53 years old.
By Bah Philip Marwein Bah DD Lapang has once again returned to politics after being silent for more than two months.
The Trinamool Congress, in a post shared on X, wrote that the BJP does not respect women who are involved in politics.
Speakers at the program included the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, Dr Phervision Nongtdu, the Secretary of Mukhaïalong Village, Bah T. Sana, Bah Francis Swer. They are Kor Sympli, Helping Phawa, Block Technical Assistant, Wapung C&RD Block, Trelang Mukhim, Rangad Village Head, Damon Lamo, Cham Cham Village Head. Karlud Dkhar, Tuber Soh Shrieh Village Head, Lar Bang, Mutong Village Head, Marchi Dkhar and others.
Traders and land owners are requested to cooperate and stay for a while until the clean-up is completed and flowers will be laid at the statue of Myllung Soso Tham.
In the men's category, the semifinal will be played between East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District followed by West Jaintia and West Garo Hills. which will be held on the 18th of this month at 5 and 7 pm.
Four-time Olympic champion Mo Farah, one of the world's most famous British sprinters, has said he will end his sporting career with The final event of the Great North Run will be held in November.
The mid-term MDC election from Nongkrem had to be held after the resignation of MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit and six others.
The mother of Shani Louk, who spoke in a video posted by Visegrad, confirmed that it was her daughter.
He also urged that there should be a society that puts the development of the people first through the removal of identities in digital activities.
Regarding the lack of foodgrains, Bah Pateng Myrsing, President of HANM, Ri Bhoi District, strongly condemned those dealers who have mismanaged the foodgrains. and they went out into the city of Ummat.
Among the nine NCP MLAs who have taken oath, some are under investigation by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) for corruption.
Speaking to media, Bah Vincent H Pala said the promise of the Congress to help women is not because the Congress is following the TMC. , and the Congress has promised to provide T.3000 tyngka after it has done the survey and I don't know whether the TMC has done it or not,” he said.
Guwahati: The number of cases of coronavirus in Assam has risen to 156 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to day, is also the day, when the disease is most severe.
However, it is not yet time for us to reach the border as it has just happened in Manipur.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle, under the leadership of Samla Pynskhemlang Syiem, Publicity Secretary, today raided Umlyngka village.
The meeting was conducted by the teacher of the school, Kong H.Shylla. There was also a prayer before the start of the program and the laying of flowers to the guests.
If we think that the Bible is a Holy Book written only for spiritual life and only for life in Heaven and has nothing to do with life here on earth, that too is wrong.
Children from poor families should be able to attend the same public school or college or university, because most of the more public schools are attended by only their children. heh that hair.
Speaking on the spread of the disease, the government from time to time encourages the public to come forward for further examination through the authorities to identify those who have been infected. Although the government has fought to eradicate the disease, there are still few people who come forward for examination by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
On the 1st of this month, the Hamren District Administration, West Karbi Anglong, has organized a Bonhomie Festival at Umpawieng (as the Pnars or Langhempi call it in Karbi). They have submitted a letter to the Chief Minister of Assam through the DC of Hamren to demand the establishment of a Police Outpost at Khanduli and also the branch of Bank SBI at Um-ih or Am-ih.
On the same day, the General Secretary of the Union sent a letter to the JMB stating that it has not received any complaint from the JMB. There are places where garbage collection is only once or twice a month and there are places where there is no garbage collection at all.
Prestone said that these days, on social media, many people have criticized the MLAs, Ministers, Deputy Commissioners and officers of the health department. it is a foolish and unrighteous thing.
As one of the elders of East Jaintia Hills District, who has also opposed to join the Sima Hima, he is deeply concerned and anxious to have the opportunity to resolve this issue together. public engagement.
Nongpoh: The residents of Umbi Mathan Village, Nongpoh, have been delighted to get their Iing Dorbar, on Saturday, after the death of Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, left for the opening ceremony of the Iing Dorbar in the village.
However, it often takes longer for them to respond and sometimes they just listen and this makes it difficult for the police to investigate the source of any crime spread on social media.
A day later, Arful called Letisha Marngar again and asked her to tell Gracefully's parents to arrange a date for his release. Gracefully, the family members of the deceased went to Mawdumdum but both of them were not there.
The terms of reference of the Commission are to advise the State Government on matters relating to the management of schools and colleges, the salary structure of schools/colleges, the performance of School Management, related to the preparation of policies to improve schools, higher education according to the NEP-2020 and to achieve this goal to improve education in schools, colleges and Higher and Technical Education.
Touching female doctors should be made a serious violation of the law.
At 8:30 or 9 pm, the robbers entered the house where Indra Bahadur Gurung lived with his wife Savitri Gurung.
He said that according to the main objective of the party is to improve the Reservation Policy.
Almost every day in the newspapers we have seen that students and workers who are our blood relatives from abroad have come into the State from their schools or workplaces abroad.
When asked, the Minister said, “Regarding the teachers who have been appointed, if the department receives complaints with sufficient evidence, I believe the government will have to take action. who are strong.
The 21-year-old girl from Seoul, South Korea, went to a saloon to dye her hair, but instead of dyeing her hair, she was reportedly and she changed her hair, and became a leper all over her head.
Now the NE is the 'New Engine' to make India great, and the NE is just a lighthouse within the Congress,” said Sambit.
Tynsong said there has been an agreement within the MDA that the Rajya Sabha seat will go to the NPP, but the candidate they agree on will have to get the Rajya Sabha seat. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has approved the proposal.
Swapnil Bhattacharyya from Shillong was ranked 344th.
The raid in Rewak village came after four policemen were shot dead by the GNLA while they were on their way on Tuesday, police sources said.
He owns six agricultural and two non-agricultural land, two street houses and a wealth of T.1,55,00,000 crore.
This growth has affected the Buddhist majority of Burma.
According to the inspection, the union has found only 5 or 6 companies which have proper documents, and even the Environmental clearance from the SSIA does not have them but how can they carry out the work.
Regarding this issue, Bah P.Ryntathiang President of the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills District, said, “The Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills District has been on the road for about 18 years to demand this share, which is the right according to the Constitution. order of the Supreme Court of India.
The ShadSuk Mynsiem 2019 was attended by thousands of people from all over the country especially those who do not belong to the Khasi religion. The ceremony was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, MLAs, Government Ministers and other dignitaries.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Supply, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh from 15-09-2022 during office hours. -10-2022.
At such a time, history has to show through its shadows.
“However, for now, it has been recognized as one of the Olympic sports, but no place has been found to include it. But I hope that this sport will be recognized as one of the Olympic sports and soon we will have to participate.
Richard Marak, President of the MPYC, said that it was the NPP that led the BJP in Meghalaya and therefore, if the BJP wants to be destroyed, the NPP must first be destroyed. You are the leader of Conrad Sangma.
Furthermore, it is clear from this petition that Khasi women are against the rule of law by the high paid.
The wife of the late Bah Marbaniang said that in an interview with her, he told her that he had seized 32 illegal coal trucks from West Khasi Hills which were passing through to Assam via the Mairang-Azara road.
Raut said he has been busy in the past few days, especially since yesterday, when the Governor gave 24 hours to the Shiv Sena to form a government in the state. The BJP, which has 105 members, has not been able to form a government since the results came out on 24th March
However, the Pastor reminded the criminal on the cross, who was crucified with the Lord, how he received forgiveness when he asked for forgiveness of his sins.
“Planting trees is beneficial for all living things because as it is known that trees absorb carbon dioxide and produce clean oxygen for living things. They ring the soul especially when people use them,” said Bah Kitborlang.
At this meeting, he reminded the Dolloi of various elaka to send the boundaries of the elaka, constitution, culture and others so that the council can keep a record.
After two years of absence from the SPL due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the biggest league tournament in Meghalaya will return at the Polo Ground, Shillong.
"If there are households that have a Polyhouse, they will be happier"
Jowai, Jymmang 14: The Haven's Cove Nature and Environment Protection Society (HANS) on Saturday honored Rupda Lato from Jowai for her selection to take part in the Aura International Miss Universe pageant. this year in Antalya, Turkey.
HS School beat Archievers SS Ummulong 1-0
MPCC President Vincent H Pala has said that the Congress has nothing to do with the dissolution of the Executive Committee led by the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Khasi Hills Autonomous District. District Council (KHADC).
He also questioned the rule of the BJP in the last 10 years especially the bloodshed in Manipur.
The purpose of the meeting was to explain to the public about the problems faced by the people of Mawlai due to the invasion of MUDA into the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council including Mawlai.
In this regard, if this ban continues, I strongly urge the Department of Agriculture of the Government of Meghalaya to create the necessary mechanisms to market the agricultural products. from the state by setting up markets for the sale of daily necessities and to take action to market the agricultural products especially those perishable products.
At the time of his return to Kenya, Tongi had to pay T.200 to Gawli, who runs a shop in Wankhedenagar.
The custom of the Pnars and Wars of Jaintia District is to celebrate the arrival of this season with songs and joy.
Beware folks! If you don't surprise the people and you continue to defeat such rulers, they will be completely destroyed and you will become so miserable that you will sit and stand on the rocks.
The BSF also seized 25 cows, 20 billion of kyiad, 3 boats, 2.6 kilos of Ganja and other goods worth T.8 lakh. India and Bangladesh.
She also spoke about the measures taken by the Central Government to eradicate tuberculosis in PHCs and Health and Wellness Centers (HWCs).
This is the time for the political parties to work hard to encourage the educated youth to apply for jobs.
He said that he was waiting for the time to meet with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma as the leader of the state but later the Chief Minister sent him at the 3rd. and went to meet at the Secretariat.
Police have launched an investigation into whether there are others involved in the incident.
The Waheh Shnong said that the Forest Department does not own the land at Khlieh Snarew and they have set up a collection gate at the land. “When asked, he said that the land is still under Meghalaya but the Assam has forcibly set up the gate and collects money even if they come to carry wood or rice from their own fields.
Leaders who attended the reception included Bah Mutshwa Thabah, President, Mr Mosses Suting, Vice President, Mr Chanbor Rymbai, Secretary, Mr Supplyme Sari, Organizing Secretary, Executive Members, President and Secretary. from various units of Thadlaskein Block and farmers.
Regarding the seizure of these items, u Bah S.Nongtnger said that the police suspect that these items were sent secretly by a group of illegal immigrants. The ANVC and the ANVC(B) have formed a new rebel group called the United People's Revolutionary Alliance (UPRA). .
It was seen that the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia came from all over the country to support this protest.
Therefore, parents do not spend anything to provide for their children.
Lajong have earned 27 points from 12 games in the tournament.
There are 57 cases in which the Commission has taken action, 22 cases have been resolved and 35 cases are pending.
“If you go to Tura, you will see only the pictures of the Prime Minister who has put up pictures with various inscriptions and promises.
The T 2000 note was released in November 2016 under Section 24(1) of the RBI Act, 1934, to meet the financial needs of the economy in an efficient manner after the T 500 and T 1000 which were in circulation at that time.
East Khasi Hills has 159 new cases and Ribhoi has 88 cases.
This movement is not just for farmers, but it is an issue that affects all of us.
Why?,” asked the opposition leader.
BJP leaders Shri Ranjit Majumdar, Co-Order BJP North East, Dr N Momin, BJP MLA Assam, Shri Gemes Hanse, General Secretary BJP National ST Morcha, Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, President BJP. Meghalaya, BJP Meghalaya General Secretary David Kharsati and other party leaders.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) in recent days and months has intensified its fight against drugs by conducting raids in various places and areas and also to arrest those who involved in these illegal activities.
He said that in this new amendment to the Act, the Youth Organisations, Women's Organizations and Dorbar Shnongs have been recognized as eligible to register each and every resident.
If we look at the Employment Policy, we see many shortcomings so that the youth of the country have to come out to show the leaders to think for employment. Policy.
Harsolav is 40 kilometers away from Nimbdi Chandawata, the village of Chuki Devi's husband, but Hanuman was so happy to have a daughter that he flew by helicopter. , worth Rs 4.5 lakh, for the purpose of picking up his wife and newborn daughter.
After this inspection, measures will be taken to remove these speed breakers or to improve the speed breakers to improve the traffic flow in Jowai, said the Deputy Commissioner. Jowai.
The celebration, which opened today, will conclude in March
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the state government has taken steps to take forward this issue as the HNLC has expressed its desire to talk peace. He urged the party to stop any acts of violence and to respect this step taken by the government to bring peace and stability in the state.
We have our own families, villages, religious organizations or churches and many other organizations to help you if you want to return to a new life and give up wrongdoing.
The program was conducted and opened by Bah AP Dohling, Sordar of Umdiengpoh. On the issue of self-employment, that we should not just wait for government jobs but should work hard in our own jobs such as agriculture.
He praised the BSF for their hard work to promote the sport from time to time.
However, unfortunately, many of the garments and various production methods are not owned by others by producing duplicate garments, where it is important that the garment manufacturers get their own. Geographical Indication Tag on the clothes produced in Ri-Bhoi.
Sachdeva and Santhosh scored 68 runs for the fifth wicket in a partnership.
Residents of Raid Laban, when they want to go to the Civil Hospital, IGP or Khyndailad, have to park their vehicles through the Anjali Petrol Pump, a place where there is a lot of traffic jam.
After the meeting with the VC of NEHU, the president of the union, Genuica Warjri said that the investigation teams will leave for Tura led by Prof Desmond Kharmawphlang and two assistants from both sides. Shillong and Tura.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, urged the public to follow the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
On the other hand, Bah Syntar Klas Sunn, MLA Mawphlang, raised a question on the mining lease in the state, on the mining lease and how much the state has lost from coal and when the Supreme Court will rule. will give permission to resume coal mining.
At the same time, he expressed his concern about the Government programs such as the Prime Hub as it does not provide special training for people with disabilities in relation to employment.
Through these rules, the JHADC has prohibited the spreading of garbage without permission or in public places and should also separate the rotten and non-rotten goods when dumping in garbage dumps.
However, this is more likely to be found in those who retire voluntarily from any government job in the same age group, according to a research report by the Archives of Internal Medicine.
Shillong: U Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that before the state reaches its 50th anniversary, education should reach the rural areas. state.
“The hearing of the case has been postponed to 30th November,” said Bah Kharmalki.
We are not talking about the increase in other areas such as tuition fees, medical fees.
The kidnapper was rescued and an air pistol used by the kidnappers was also seized.
“There are some places but we have seen that more than 95% of the suggestions have been taken and there are still some issues that remain,” he said. we would like to see this new arrangement realized after it is agreed and accepted by all.
“As a group of political parties from Garo Hills, we have unanimously decided not to attend the meeting convened by the government to discuss the Roster System scheduled to be held in Shillong. to be led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma,” said a statement issued by the parties.
The meeting was attended by Minister of State for Home Affairs HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports Zenith Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary Limison D Sangma, Brigady N Marak, Michael T Sangma, Cherak W Momin, Sports Minister Zenith Sangma. Noverfield Marak, Samuel M.Sangma and Sengnam Marak, Chairperson, State Development Reforms Commission Bluebell R.Sangma, DGP Dr.S.B.Singh, IGP Western Range, Mukesh Kr.
However, as soon as the rainy season ends, the department will resume the spraying,' he said.
The football tournament was held to raise funds for the Secondary School in the village.
Six experts including Miss India Earth, 2018, Deepika Vaid and Amjad Khan Pathan, director of Glamanand Supermodel India, came to judge these beauties.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 01: The Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), Government of India together with the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA), South West Khasi Hills District and its office The BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block has conducted a program to raise awareness among the public on how to identify counterfeit and genuine goods from beverages, lighting and others.
“The DSEL has sent a report to the state government to take over the posts of teachers and to draft the Meghalaya Provincialized School Service Rules,” said JACATAM Chairman Bah Nongsiang. The teachers' meeting was held on Saturday.
Khliehriat Circle, July 31: Leaders and members of the Jaintia National Council (JNC) Khliehriat Circle, under the leadership of the General Secretary, Bah Mebanteilang Sukhaliñ, today visited a department of the Government of Meghalaya. center in Khliehriat and found that although the office is open but there are no employees in the office and there is only a peon.
Here in Shillong and the State, the residents have been shocked, afraid and doubtful.
The trip runs from June 3 to June 21, 2024.
She also encouraged those who have TB disease not to be afraid when they find these symptoms and as responsible citizens should come to the doctors for examination. The role of vaccination and as the public should also understand that TB is not incurable and can be cured if they are willing to come to them for treatment.
Because from Mawphanlur to Mawthadraishan are the wells that provide drinking water to dozens of villages in the area and if the environment is polluted, the villages will ring from the wells. areas, they will become bad and will seriously affect the health of the people.
In the final, the Marngar Women's Team played against South Garo Hills and in the men's category, the Marngar Men's Team played against West Garo Hills.
“As of now, the NPP, although it has not announced which candidate it will contest in 2023, but the discussions have gone well and the incumbent MLA of the PDF who is also a Minister in the state government, Bah Hamlet Dohling will contest from the party.
Bah Armstrong L Thongni, one of the leaders of the group, said that there will be many performances by the singers. Snow White, Gracyl Ropmay, DJ Bryan and others will perform.
This morning, a landslide occurred on the Shillong-Jowai road in Wah Mynsoo, West Jaintia Hills District.
If the MC or the Governing Body agrees, the Government cannot interfere with anyone else.
His ways are higher than the ways of men, from the east to the west.
The missionaries helped them improve their standards of living through education and health.
Although the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, did not elaborate, he said that they will soon start cracking down on the number of vehicles on the roads.
This is according to a report from the Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors.
It is also in line with the statement that MeECL's revenue is only Rs 75 crore per month but its expenditure is Rs 120 crore per month.
The following are some suggestions for what children can do to better understand the topic and share the message with others.
The bronze medal was won by 10 girls from West Jaintia and West Garo Hills.
Therefore, they have not taken responsibility to demand from the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) West Khasi Hills, that the government should upgrade the Sub Health Center to Visit the Primary Health Center so that the people can get proper treatment.
PM Modiji has announced that the fourth phase of the lockdown will be completely different from the other phases.
Then I wrote in the newspapers about the search for players by football clubs around the country, paying a high price, while the leaders are elected as those who give money, who steal after the rights of the people. The elector is a fool, as Leba said, who does not know the heavens and the earth.
The Central Government has already allocated about T.301 crore for the procurement of equipment for the implementation of the NREGS scheme in Meghalaya. In 2022-23, only 40% will be cleaned.
At the same time, she said the government should also shut down the 33 plywood factories in the state, as they too are polluters of the environment.
Mukoilum or Mukolam 6.
“Now the NPP has said that it will no longer cooperate with the BJP and will contest alone in the 2023 elections.
If a man goes to many houses and has children wherever he goes, he must carry and feed those children himself.
Former elders, BB Lyngdoh, SD Nichols Roy, GG Swell, RS Lyngdoh, Hoover Hynniewta, PR Kyndiah, DD Pugh and others have passed away. beginning from the least, that they may receive again the kingdom, when they are gone.
Capt.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma is also expected to visit the Sohra Festival on that day.
Shillong, March 09 : The market of private FM channels in the country with more than 380 channels in different languages ​​and in almost all the states of the country has made these channels necessary. The Central Government should provide information on the policies and programs of the Government which assist the people to receive the benefits of the schemes and programs for the welfare of the people.
The village leaders, civil society organizations and the residents of the area have strongly opposed the Kyiad shop and said that they do not allow the Kyiad shop to be located in the area.
The race will be open to all, those who wish to participate.
Shillong: At 10 pm this morning, robbers have robbed vehicles coming from Lamin village.
Synkrem said that the NHAI has not respected the needs of the people and the union will stand firm that it will not allow the collection of taxes from the toll gate until all the needs have been met. .
On this occasion, Geonka and Bah Modrina have already received the land fee from the government but the work has been suspended.
Another friend of the victim, who was not identified, tried to rape the same woman but she managed to escape.
“The witness said that the water came to the place where they were and he climbed the hill after two days and came back and did not see them anymore. they could have been carried away by the tide" he told reporters.
The house of the Dolloi of Nangbah Elaka at Iawmusiang Nangbah, which was severely damaged, was stoned and the doors were broken. filled with bitter bottles of wine, stones and wood.
“I understand that this is a very difficult place for the players because of the nature of the place.
But I am still in the world.
This is the first protest of the VPP since it came to power, and it will not be the last as the struggle to change the Reservation Policy is not over.
On the other hand, the Seiñraij Mukhla has appealed to the people to cooperate with the Raij so that the Behdeiñkhlam celebration can go smoothly.
Perhaps it is true that the government has taken steps to rebuild and improve this road, because as it has been found that the employees of the company who are also road surveyors, are now very busy to inspect this road. The road from Lailad to Umrit.
Before the ceremony, a meeting was conducted by Elias Lamare, Symbud President of Labang Nongphullut. Welcome speech was delivered by Ïoanis Lin Talang.
DP Wahlang said that there was also a discussion at the meeting on how to bring the answer scripts of the students from Tura to Shillong for the examination. .
If one of these Mawbyrsiew falls, the family will be destroyed without the unity of the three Mawbyrsiew, the father, the mother, and the children.
As the match went on, GB had the opportunity to take the lead and in the 28th minute they denied India the lead; in which she denied the goal she had scored because the goal went into the net by tied the ball with the back of the stick.
Besides the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary, the Narpuh Reserved Block II is also home to hundreds of species of birds, mammals and others.
Therefore, we all have the right to use the roads together.
Until the day of his death, he served as the State Party Adviser of the United Democratic Party.
I feel that it is time for the Ministry of Labor to provide such evidence in its expenditure so that it can bring peace of mind to the people that the Ministry has not spent too much. your Hok.
As we approach 2030, it is even more important to look at the achievements we have made under this initiative and accelerate our efforts to achieve these goals.
““The State Government is now ready to take loans from banks such as ADB in the name of building schools and colleges.
The statues of Major General Gurbaksh Singh Gill and Major General Gandharv Nagra, who were the GOCs of the 101 Area during the 1971 war, were also unveiled.
The source said that the BJP leaders are in talks with several MLAs from other political parties to contest from the party in this election.
Father Stephen said the purpose of the film festival is to bring love to each other and to follow the example of Mother Teresa who served the poor and the sick on the streets. I have been in Kolkata for 45 years.
Noting that the State has moved forward to implement the NEP, Sangma said, “We cannot turn back on this.
In the first round, all the candidates had the opportunity to explain their reasons for contesting the election while in the second round, a question and answer session followed.
After being banned from visiting Bishnupur, Rahul Gandhi returned to Imphal.
She said that she is against it because B Syrti has started to skud to build the land under her.
He said that even the registration of voters in the Electoral Roll, there have been attempts to cancel by informing immediately, but we have received the EPIC after we have verified ourselves before the Deputy Commissioner through the Syrnod which we received from the Sordar.
She hoped that the divorce proceedings would resume immediately and be completed within six months from today.
When asked about the presence of many types of schools in the state which could be the reason for the improvement in the quality of education, Rakkam said he does not feel that the presence of many types of schools will increase the quality of education. is the reason, but there may be many reasons that affect education.
The identity of the abductees is not yet known, but it is learned that the truck was carrying coal and was on its way to Gasuapara.
He said that from these departments he does not need detailed training but only how to train the skills they have.
“Ka Seng respectfully requests the Sordars and office bearers of the villages not to allow foreigners to come to work without proper documents and also not to allow them to enter the country. They shall come out as they please in this whole land.
The Israelites were very sad because they had not obeyed him for thousands of years.
Tickets for the public can be obtained on the same day at the venue as follows: 1) Donors Card Rs.500 and 2) Executive Class Rs. .300.
He said that he will support these youths who will meet the Sports Minister to demand justice.
On the electricity projects which have been pending for many years, he said the Government will take a decision after the Budget Session especially the old projects which have been pending for decades and which have been signed for dozens of years. years ago.
At the time of writing, no incident has occurred in any part of Khasi and Jaintia Hills even after the curfew started at 6 pm on Tuesday.
Although there have been rumors that the UDP may announce the names of the four incumbent MLAs as candidates for the upcoming elections on the party ticket, the leaders of the party the party will welcome and announce them as party candidates later.
On the installation of toll gates on the PWD roads, he said that they have been informed that the government has banned and removed all the toll gates on the PWD roads, but these people are fighting. they opposed and did not listen to anyone.
“Both the SAM leaders arrived at Bhopal Airport on Tuesday and were welcomed by Dr. SS Shrivastav, Assistant Director, Sports Department, Madhya Pradesh Government including NRAI officials. and senior leaders of the Madhya Pradesh Shooting Association.
One person has died of a fire inside a shop or warehouse after a sudden fire broke out on Thana Road, Khyndailad, Police Bazar Shillong on Saturday.
The DC said that the spread of the video is unfair and punishment should be taken as it will cause insecurity to others who pass through this road.
Regarding the Assam's plan to take water from the river, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh said that the arseng urges the state government and the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, to take action. , in order to immediately stop the plan of Assam to draw water from the Umsiang River.
She will surrender to the court for the last rites of her son Asad's body.
According to Mark, Jesus began preaching the Gospel after he had been fasting for forty days in the wilderness.
“Rahul's party has failed to understand that it has lost many state assembly elections.
PMGKAY AAY rice is not distributed at 5 kilos per head and PMGKAY PHH is not distributed at 5 kilos per head.
The Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali Shillong, Dr T Wahlang on Monday said that the scheme has been launched since November
The government had appointed the HLC last year to find ways and means to evict the Harijans from Mawlong Market after the demand for their eviction after the riots last year. very severe.
The Mawlai Students Union also urged the MUA-II government, through the leadership of Dr Mukul Snagma, to take responsibility for the loss of the students especially for their future. At the same time, the union encourages the teachers to continue their struggle until victory.
The celebration was organized by the District Social Welfare Department at the District Auditorium, Jowai today.
He said the NDMA has visited seven power plants across the states where nuclear power plants are under construction and has sent strict guidelines to the states for the evacuation of people if any emergency situations.
Diesel produces PPM 10 and unlike the plane, the smoke is very high.
These SOPs, which have been prepared by the NPP-led Government, are clearly understood to have been prepared by the High Levels for the benefit of the High Levels and to discriminate against the grassroots.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) South Garo Hills, Bah Lakador Syiem, said, “We hope that they will release the BDO. to ask if you are free.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Students from various schools in the city and other places, have expressed their full support to the strike of teachers against the government under the banner of JACATAM. Hundreds of students, who signed the petition today, said that it is very sad that the government has treated the teachers badly despite the protests.
The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, which was passed by the Lok Sabha in the last session, allows Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan to citizenship. However, in the election manifesto or Sankalp Patra of the party, released on Tuesday, Christians and Parsis have been removed from the list and only those who have been included have been included. Hindus, Jains, Buddhists, Sikhs who have been discriminated against in neighboring countries to get the right to citizenship of India"
Then the battle of Armageddon will come in just one day.
The Cabinet also approved the ex-post facto Amendment to the GST Rules for the year 2018-2
Meghalaya on Tuesday received the Second Runners-Up Award at the ODOP Awards 2023 organized by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
There are many families who live only in the Umngot River.
On the other hand, MTTA Vice-President and Chairman of the Organizing Committee, Bruce P Marak said that this is one of the biggest tournaments that Meghalaya has ever hosted.
“Whoever replaces Ghulam Nabi Azad as opposition leader will find it difficult to associate himself with Azad, because he is not thinking only of his own party,” he said. but he thinks of the country and the House as a whole,” Modi said while speaking in the Rajya Sabha.
Justice BP Katakey said that he himself has witnessed the smuggling of coal especially in connection with the overturning of a coal truck on the 4th of this month.
Besides the concern over the incident and the violence against children, the group of Congress MLAs in Ri Bhoi, also expressed their concern over the incident against an ASHA worker in Nongsier Jirang, who was killed. Nongsier village leaders, just because she went to help or support the family of the refugee who suffered from the disaster.
No less than the allocation allocated by the Government shall be made in connection with the distribution of any food items allocated from NFSA and Non-NFSA. , that they should not deprive those farmers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
“So far, 17,000 fish ponds have been completed, but about 7,000 fish ponds are still pending because the banks have not released the money,” he said.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Eastern Region (JSM) on Tuesday expressed its concern over the delay in the construction of the East Jaintia Hills Border Guard (JSM) which should have been built at Tuber Shohshrieh. , which is the work of Star Cement.
“Where do you get the power to ban or make laws for people to ring and breathe?” said another at the meeting in Florida.
These ethnic groups, according to the Meghalaya census, are recognized as ethnic groups, but those who live in parts of West Garo Hills District are recognized as mynder.
The blueprint proposes to build multi-storey houses to accommodate Harijans in the quarters of the Shillong Municipal Board.
Shillong, March 30: Employees of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) today staged a dharna at Shillong office to demand that the government should not provide to provide the benefits to the Grade III and IV employees along with other benefits that the government has not yet provided to them.
A complaint has been lodged against Banshan Nongtri, who has issued insulting remarks against those who oppose the KHADC Act and the name of Batskhemkupar Bonds Lanzer Thabah is also included in the complaint. encourage domination and other rude language, which is against the status of a woman.
Merry Christmas to you dear readers.
The All India Public Sector Chess Tournament 2023 was held at the State Convention Centre, Bishop Cotton Road Shillong.
So the time to come, it says, is the time of terrible wars in this generation.
She said that the completion of the road has reduced the problem of traffic.
“We know that it is just a trick of our enemies to make the people say how this 'Prah' is so lymwir...yes, the prah doesn't do anything wrong.
So far, no one has died in the incident and they are undergoing treatment at the hospital.
It has been a very successful activity in the last forty years.
The incident happened at 1:50 pm when a seven wheeler truck (AS-01RC-3530) driven by Teining Parein of Mowtyrshiah, West collided with another vehicle. A Maruti Alto K 10 (ML-05) was heading from Lumshnong to Guwahati when it collided with a Maruti Alto K 10 (ML-05) on the bypass road. S-5217 driven by Donald P Syiemlieh, 25, of Demseiniong, Mylliem, East Khasi Hills.
When we examine these words, they are very important in human life.
On the 2nd of this month at 11 pm, police found a group of people who were well prepared with weapons but as soon as they saw the police, they fled.
We feel that we as a whole State have become a loss, its stability has destroyed even those who oppose it.
Meanwhile, Shankar, who has become ill from work, cannot speak anymore and his son has told us how he started getting the disease.
In the past, teachers from the Day Section used to teach Morning Arts Class XI and XII, but as the rules of MBoSE say that only B.Ed graduates can teach Class XI and XII. degree teachers even if they know how to teach, they cannot because they do not have a B.Ed degree while in colleges they do not need a B.Ed because they have completed their Master Degree.
According to Bah Ecoles Wahlang, Rangbah Shnong of Nongmawlong, for the past three months, the residents have been facing the problem of living in darkness without electricity, due to the breakdown of the transformer.
The owners of the houses have become refugees in their village and don't even have a place to rest and a place to sleep, they complained.
He said that the village belongs to Assam.
The Commissioner & Secretary Arts & Culture, expressed his gratitude to the parents who have encouraged the desire of their children, by recognizing their role in the development of these youngsters. who are well trained in various fields.
Police have seen the robbery of these people and immediately conducted a thorough investigation until they found evidence.
Hundreds of parishioners from the Catholic Church of Parish Mawbri, including Sisters, Fathers, Elders, Elders, Teachers and students of 10 schools of They flocked to the hill of the church to express their gratitude to (L) Fr.Sngi Lyngdoh, as the leader of the Catholic Church, for it was through his vision to lead the parish. , until it was able to turn the church forest into a 'Law Kyntang'
All government and private offices should be closed in these two villages which have been placed under containment and vehicles passing through these villages coming from outside the containment should not stop within the border. these are the two villages.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Director (Planning), Dr. WMW Kongwir said that the construction of the plant has been funded by NABARD at a cost of Rs 7.83 crore and the department has received received so far Rs 7.10 crore.
On the other hand, the KSU would like to thank the family members of Saphirihun for their support and through their knowledge Saphirihun has been able to reach this goal because of their support and encouragement. hi you are from the house of sem.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 30: U Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, MLA of Mawkyr, who is also the second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that according to the Constitution, the The State Government of India has a subject to legislate on the subjects of the State List of the 7th Schedule, said Rowell at a meeting held at Mawlangwir, Mawkyr. The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and the EMs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) were present at the opening ceremony. “The District Council has been given the 6th Schedule and in the 6th Schedule it can pass laws but it does not mean that if the District Council passes laws the state government cannot. The District Council cannot pass laws only on the subjects covered by the 6th Schedule, but the State Government can also pass laws if there is no conflict.
“They have asked for more than 200 acres of land to build a university, not just a college, because if they build only a college, they will have to rely on the university,” he said. from Tura, therefore, the union demands that it should not become a fully fledged university.
India cannot continue in this way.
Besides, there are other beautiful buildings from Kulong Kumah, which are famous and attract the attention of the visitors.
The song is composed by Tyngshaiñ Mylliemngap and produced by Ri-Ai (Ki Klur Production).
Therefore, he puts education first because he knows that education is the future for his children.
Even in these days of crisis due to Covid 19, Bah Shylla has been involved in helping many people in need and it is very pleasant.
He said that before he became MLA, Sohiong was the backwardest and was despised by the people. “When I was not an MLA, if people asked me where I was going, I just said I was going to Sohiong. I don't know why, but now if you ask those who go to Sohiong, they say, 'I work in that office in that office. “It's a big deal,” said HDR Lyngdoh.
Babu Kular KhongjiremIn the past few months, we have seen another unexpected development and that is the government's discovery of the presence of injectable drugs in fish. People don't eat those drugs that are injected into the body of the deceased to avoid the decay and decay of the body of the deceased with a type of injection drug called 'Formalin'
When the Government of Meghalaya has placed all the teachers on duty for the census in 2020, there have been many problems inside the schools/colleges especially since many teachers have been on duty for the census.
Jain University, which had earlier led the medals in the gymnastics and running, came down with 12 gold, 7 silver and 6 bronze medals.
At the meeting, the Chief Minister and Minister of PHE Marcuise Marak also presented the Water Guardian Award for their efforts to protect and conserve water sources.
Speaking to media, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the project will be a collaboration between KHADC, MBDA in collaboration with Rabo Bank Acorn and Iora Ecological Pvt. Ltd from Delhi to achieve this goal.
You don't get the food of the countryside.
The closure of the factory is also in accordance with the Order No.
“In July 2022, I promised to raise Rs 3 crore to build a gallery and improve this stadium and I am happy that in just 41 days I have raised the budget and now we have laid the foundation stone," he said. said Mr. Hamlet.
According to the Waheh Shnong of Khasi Village in Khedagor, Temenglong, Manipur, it is learned that it is the Bengalis who have attacked the Manipuris.
Jesus, the Son of God and God Himself, knew all these things, and He did not know that the Pharisees would speak against Him.
Candidates, please visit the Employment Exchange, Shillong at: 4th Floor, Divisional Employment Exchange, Directorate of Employment & Craftsmen Training Building, Grove Site, Keating Road, Shillong-7 register also has to be registered.
The village has informed that any candidate who comes to campaign in the village cannot bring many vehicles, but only 4 small vehicles are allowed.
She was sleeping but her thoughts turned to Hiram since he had gone to study in the countryside whether he had done something wrong or for some other reason.
Khahnar and Muknor villages are located in the most remote areas of East Jaintia Hills and the residents have to live in poverty due to the poor condition of the road. The Catholic Church of Jowai Diocese has visited these two villages to distribute food items to the poor families of these villages.
Before going to bed at night, Ferdinan sat down with his mother and told her everything.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 16: The heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused the soil to soften and stabilize and also caused the rivers to rise in water levels. .
Speaking to reporters, John Lesslee said, “I have asked the people of Garo Hills including my leaders and the answer I have received is clear and I cannot say that the BJP will continue. It has been in power in the Central Government for about 20 years.
In this raid, in Mawiong, Nongkwar and Iewrynghep areas, the union found many mynder who were doing painting, tiling and other mystery works without proper documents. especially the Work Permit.
She added that she will continue to familiarize herself with other new jobs of the IPR department. “The law department is a new job for me.
Another group on Thursday and threatened Jospeh with consequences if she was not allowed to conduct puja, she added.
Rolungthara's goal gave Mizoram a 1-0 win over Newbies United, while Moran Blind School beat Mont Fort School 4-0
At the meeting, the SP spoke about the allegation of Men Ai Ksuid which has caused many deaths because of this allegation. He said that the people should immediately inform the police about the crimes in the village especially the crimes of rape as the delay has destroyed many of them. evidence, he spoke about ATM fraud and other issues.
On the other hand, Minister Langstieh said that he has not yet commented on the issue.
According to Gohain, the central government has been in constant talks with the state government to run the project smoothly and added that the railway line will bring benefits to the people of the state.
On the part of Fr John Madur, he thanked the people of Nongstoin and Jowai Dioceses for their willingness to cooperate with the Archbishop during his tenure as Bishop of these two Dioceses. .
However, in every new life, there are also those that we have to consider carefully.
The runners-up between Langsning FC and Rangdajied United FC will also receive a cash prize.
It will also affect the future of the political parties in the MDA-2 government, whether regional or national.
I have 100% compassion for those who are sick and I pray for them every day that it will go away.
And we don't live a life that has a purpose as the Creator wants us to.
He has done many great things that have brought about a new life in the province of Assam.
Referring to the registration in Dharmapuri district, Chief Minister Stalin said, “This is an opportunity for the lives of unemployed women.
Referring to the issue that the Ministry of Education should direct the school authorities to explain to the public the measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the most important thing is that the teachers themselves have to to investigate the information with the assistance of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare but otherwise the efforts will be in vain if the Ministry of Health is outside the consultation forum.
Their camp in this village has not benefited them at all and has caused a lot of trouble to the residents especially the women and children.
"“The Church that lives in the Holy Eucharist is the Missionary Church.
Members of the Executive Body and members of the Shnong were also present.
Democracy is a central element in India since time immemorial.
According to the statement, the Vice President has strongly criticized the district authorities, because even at this time of Covid-19 pandemic in the district, there has been no restriction on foreigners. However, the villagers and state residents have to follow the rules of Covid-19, while the authorities can enter and leave easily as they please. The State has put the Shnong, the township and the district as a whole in danger.
We cannot remain silent and leave the work of development only to the rulers we elect, we must participate in the rule of law so that the rule of law in our state will be successful.
Likewise, in the lives of Christians, they encounter Jesus in the Holy Eucharist and when receiving the Holy Eucharist, they not only accept to go outside but also sit down and pray and in that patience and their prayers, then they will know that Jesus is their God and Saviour.
Customize:The Khasi Rangbah in the present age lives in Ïieng with his wife and children and spends all his income in Ïiengkhun.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : The State Government on Tuesday approved the draft Meghalaya Power Policy 2024, which will pave the way for the implementation of hydro, thermal, pumped storage, solar and wind power projects. etc., in a perfect way.
Try to drink without adding sugar and remember not to drink water immediately after drinking alcohol as it can affect your health.
Peace is what God wants to give to mankind,” said the Secretary.
He said it is also a pride for the Supreme Court as it is one of the fastest to clear cases in the country and added that the existence of Article 6 and the District Council Courts. within the State has helped to resolve personal cases of people.
Regarding this measure, it is learned that the Chief Minister – N Biren Singh on Thursday held a review meeting to look into the measures taken by the government. The State will take part in conducting a check on the documents of foreign citizens residing in these five districts of Rilum.
The authorities have also been directed to look into this issue and to stop the use of this train as it can carry a lot of ammunition into the state.
He said that both the teams will be accompanied by Boys Team Coach Dulon Banjop Kharsati, Assistant Coach Abhyan Changgu G Momin and Manager Yarisha Wahlang.
Shillong: The cold weather continues in Shillong on Saturday.
Besides Kong RV Suchiang, other officers also participated in the celebration.
The PWD Minister's reply came after the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma yesterday directed the Minister to correct the Minister to correct the incorrect answer.
Nongpoh, March 18: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) should not be allowed to do so. The construction of the Umsning By-Pass Road should start as soon as possible despite the fact that all the requirements have been completed.
He said that this is the third time that vehicles have been stolen from the area, but the police have not yet identified the robbers involved in the theft.
After hearing the PIL, the court comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and judges Bah HS Thangkhiew and W Diengdoh said that it is necessary to The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) or Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) has been deployed to prevent the smuggling of coal from the state authorities. I have provided it.
There are those who have branches and those who stand.
He said that several proposals have been sent to strengthen the work of the department and the government has already approved the proposal.
God has allowed these things to happen on earth.
The Behdieñkhlam started on the 17th and will end on the 20th of this month.
“The only way to rescue the victims is by pumping the water from the crematorium,” said NDRF chief Santosh Kumar Singh.
It is worth mentioning that there are more than 300 shops in the Municipal and the new Shopping Complex will be completed within 2 years.
Lawse village has 219 households and a population of 1346 heads, 682 women and 664 men.
Regarding these meetings, there was also a discussion on the problems for those who are under quarantine, so regarding these problems expressed by the village leaders, the MDC, urged them to They should immediately inform the health centers and especially if they find or see that those staying in the Quarantine Centers have a different condition.
Laitsing Shylla, Chairman of JHADC, said that the Governor of Meghalaya had promised to make this promise to them on the 3rd of this month during a meeting with the Chairman, Officers of JHADC and Adviser BG Ladia. after nearly two hours of discussion.
It is not until 2022 that the HNLC has agreed to send four of its members under the leadership of the Vice Chairman to start talks with the Governments.
It is expected that all Riewlum will not sacrifice their own strength, time, money, pleasures, and even their own lives, in participating in this “WAR” to escape the judgment of the mynder is one day.
However, they have chosen to act unjustly and violate the rights of the people of Rilum in the North East.
Regarding the suspension of many Bills in the DAa and Law departments, Pynshngain said, “We have sent the Bills, what is the problem for them to pass, within six months? If necessary, they can call the CEM.
“This order is issued by the DC's office, not by the government and this is a step to encourage the residents of this area to come forward to get vaccinated. himself".
The opening of the Mission, the Minister said, will bring great benefits to Meghalaya.
There will also be a distribution of these same Waste Collection Electric Vehicles for Garo Hills.
Nongpoh: Three robbers accused of kidnapping and murdering a 15-year-old boy have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police last night.
It is also surprising that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not yet visited Manipur and met with the refugees.
In this state, there are too many women who have children.
Nongpoh, March 31: As one of the objectives of the Fit India Run for the sake of health and also to spread the message on the importance of a healthy body, the Office of the District Sport Officer The Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya, in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, has organized the 'Fit India Run' in Ri Bhoi District.
Forest officials of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) – Phulbari Range, West Garo Hills (WGH) on Tuesday evening rescued an Asian Leopard Cat. ' who came to the places where people lived.
At the same time, the party expresses its gratitude to Kong Santa Mary Shylla, MLA Sutnga Saipung, who has worked hard to bring the C&RD block in Lumshnong, although she is only a candidate for the election. The union requests and urges the MLA, Kong Santa Mary Shylla to take action on this issue as she is now in power as the leader of the area, whether in terms of administration or ruling. Government “As you have worked hard to bring about this Block, please also work hard to improve this Block so that it will not be a mess but will provide the right services. Finally, the union requests the MLA to appoint employees in this block so that the youth of Narpuh area can get jobs. benefit through this Block.
Pride in life – this too comes from ignorance and ignorance of God's laws.
Meanwhile, Sangma said she could not give tickets if no one joined the party.
Lydia turned again. After that, the mother was shocked because she had already spoken about these things.
Compared to the current price of mur, it is difficult for teachers to meet the needs and expenses of their children as well as their families,” said Ma War.
Most of the topics they nominated were on environment and rural development followed by education.
MPUF East Jaintia President Kyrshan Blah said that this assistance of MPUF is part of the efforts to alleviate the plight of these families who live through day labour and such assistance will continue to other families. who are poor.
This decision was taken at a meeting of JACATAM with the Executive Chairman, Director of MBOSE to discuss the issue of those schools to take the questions 2 hours before the examination as announced by the MBOSE earlier. earlier.
They shall build houses, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Speaking to reporters, the President of HANM Pynursla Circle, Samla Vicky Nelson Marbaniang said that so far the PHC at Pongtung has provided services to 42 villages. There is only one doctor near the PHC and this has created a problem for the residents of this area.
They will have to wait for days and months until peace returns.
However, as it is now, MeECL has been confused, no longer recognizes men and women and it has been struggling for a long time with the money to the point of death, just as it was done in the era and time of MeSEB. Let us turn to electricity which is the greatest wealth of this age, without which it is impossible to develop the economy in any field.
“Looking at the shortage of youth in the state, we understand that government jobs alone cannot provide, so if private jobs (private sector) can bring about the implementation of the SRP, can help create jobs for the youth of the state.
According to information received, the incident happened at 12 noon today while the deceased girl identified as Mikkinchi Momin, 13 years old, was leaving her house with her husband. Nikgrichi I Sangma, 13, and Chuchang I Sangma, 8, were on their way to fetch sohphan from a nearby forest. 11KV) which fell on the ground and the electricity shocked the children until the MikinChi Monin lost her life and the two others were seriously injured.
He said that they have already received some of the necessary equipment to ensure that the pending cases are expedited and that they will no longer need to be sent outside the state for the purpose of processing. tests in order to conduct an investigation.
The 7th East Khasi Hills District Badminton Championship (EKDBA) has come to an end on Saturday.
PUBG has also released new games that are more exciting for those who enjoy the game, especially Godzilla, which is one of the games about the ramhah.
All these 2 types of questions should be mixed for all 4 subjects and the students should choose or answer only 12 questions from each of these questions.
Nongpoh Sirdarship: Nongkylla Mikir, Dehal, Rongbona and Shakoikuna.
Shillong:"Although the supply of urea fertilizer has been suspended since 2014 to the farmers, but the department of agriculture since 2018 we have been talking to bring back the fertilizer which has been reduced in price by the government to create stinging for the farmers. I hope all 60 MLAs will support the Government to start reducing the price of urea fertilizer,” said the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh in the Legislative Assembly.
The residents of Sohiong Mawtap have blocked stones on the road as a sign of protest against the government through the PWD department and alleged that the PWD department has blocked the village from building a footpath.
Why did you have to go and read this article in Khanduli? Isn't this just an act of setting fire to the citizens? We also know that the Assam government will not do anything about this KAAC because they are the same.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The residents of Raid Madan Kyrdem, Ri-Bhoi district, have accused and expressed their anger, said Bah J Ramshon, Executive Secretary of Raid Madan Kyrdem, Ri-Bhoi district.
Shillong, July 11: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has slammed the Congress-led MUA-II government for banning government employees from holding the post of Rangbah Shnong or joining political parties or clubs.
Banteidor said the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) will also be one of the issues that the PDF party will take before the Union Home Minister and other issues will be discussed. He said that he does not want to say whether the central government should say whether it will grant ILP for Meghalaya or not. The Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government will visit Shillong.
He said that as the party itself when there are such incidents they cannot just watch but in the spirit of condolences today 6th July, 2023 they have gone to donate money and also also with household items that they can use.
Hundreds of party office bearers from different units of Sohiong including the sister of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Kong Beauty Lyngdoh and others attended the meeting.
She said that the problem of synsar cultivation in Meghalaya has also increased.
Besides these competitions, there was also a dance and song competition and others.
Shillong, June 20: The Central Body of the Hynniewtrep Youth Movement (HYM) on the 14th of this month under the leadership of the President of Ri-Bhoi District, Pateng Myrshing, East Khasi Hills District Samla D. Sawkmie together with a group of members from both the districts, suddenly went to Byrnihat to collect Trading License and Labor License from foreigners who trade illegally in the area.
The churches are filled with believers from all over the world.
Chiehruphi's victory came in extra time after the match ended in a 2-2 draw.
They were also taught how to do business or how to become such entrepreneurs, which will bring about the economic development of the country and the nation.
“As soon as I left the place, I didn't feel any pain, I went for treatment at the Civil Hospital with my family on the same day. We were admitted to the hospital at 9:30 pm. I was discharged from the hospital on the 11th of this month but while I was in the hospital my family members lodged a complaint against the OC to the SP of West Khasi Hills in Nongstoiñ. “There are two policemen but I know only the OC H. Thabah,” said Donboklang who spoke in a low voice and was seen walking slowly while walking before talking to reporters.
The people should not believe this plan of the Assam government to take over Mukroh village and also Block I & II which has been within the border of Khasi Jaintia since ancient times.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah D.Jyndiang said that many people talk and insult him that he is just a driver and he said, “Yes, I am a driver. and I am proud of the work I do because as an educated person I don't underestimate any work”.
When the BSF searched the area, they found sarees worth about 50,000 tyngka.
“On our part, in the constitution of the party, there has been a demand in which we have demanded a Khasi State, if that is the case, it will reach the point of dividing and dividing the party. As a nation between Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, we are very happy because if it had happened so much, it would have been better for us to get our own state,” said Bah Rani.
When asked about his relationship with his wife, who sit separately in Parliament and have their own parties, Yadav replied with a smile. “Our ways of thinking may be different, but our minds are the same.
The proposal to make some areas pedestrian-only came after a meeting of many government departments held in recent days.
The maximum magnitude of the 3.0 earthquake was 10 KM. The earthquake affected parts of Khasi Hills and parts of Assam.
The full names of the Indian squad released by the All India Football Federation are Gurmeet Singh, Dheeraj Singh Moirangthem, Sumit Rathi, Narender Gahlot, Deepak Tangri, Amarjit Singh Kiyam, Samuel James, Rahul KP, Abdul Rabeeh. Anjukandan, Ayush Dev Chhetri, Bryce Miranda, Azfar Noorani, Rahim Ali, Vincy Bareto, Sunil Chhetri, Rohit Danu, Gurkirat Singh, Aniket Jadhav.
It was found that there were 33,420 challans for the company to import goods from elsewhere and this has caused a loss of T.1.67 crore to the villagers.
“Bah Shangpliang referred to the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court on 3rd June which said, “The Court finds it necessary to take the roster to the Legislative Assembly for discussion”.
On the other hand, the union demands that all the licensed vendors should put their license numbers on all the shops, so that it can prove that they are authorized.
The synod service in Nangbah, although it had to be held at the church after heavy rainfall and the removal of the church on Saturday, did not disappoint the Presbyterian Church. prayer.
However, at the same time, he said that it is impossible to know in the district council because now they may be in the opposition, but tomorrow they may be in the ruling party.
“We have discussed this with Assam and we will announce this proposal at the meeting,” Sangma told reporters in response to the request of the people of Baikam to be within the border. you are from Meghalaya.
Use your brain.
The man, who had been treated by the Government doctors at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, because he could not wait any longer because he felt weak and it took too long to get the report. , he could not go to a public doctor, who explained to him that he had the disease and he could go home for treatment.
Secondly, the Constitution is the guideline and reform of the judiciary and also in the Constitution there are provisions to be renewed over time in order to provide peace and hope, to protect and develop the citizens. village.
His friends gave the siej to his father or the child, one by one to continue and ascend to heaven and before he reached heaven he found that he needed only one. he siej to complete his journey and there, he called his friends and asked for another siej.
Perhaps it is because you yourselves did not sleep with the bapli at that time.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla to discuss the issue of explanation regarding the implementation of the Four Years Undergraduate Program of the National Education Policy-2
At the same time, it was said that the Association is ready to extend its support and cooperation to the district government officials and wishes Bah G.Warjri all the best. work better in this district.
Expressing that the sharing of such information brings hope to agriculture, Bah Ranee said; “These are the traditional knowledge that the farmers may have learned from their ancestors.
“At this time, we feel that the law should be supreme.
Such people may have advanced phase sleep syndrome (ASPD).
If anyone believes that the tipblei-tipbriew are only deceivers and sheeplike sheep; who have no light of truth in their lives, but have a false appearance of godliness; but within them is the grave that burneth not; where the abominations of all abominations are gathered together.
In view of the health and welfare of the children, special measures have been taken to provide water tanks in all schools in rural areas, anganwadi centers and ashramshalas. accommodation) to have drinking water, water for cooking, washing hands and use in toilets.
The leadership of these two talented artists from the West Region has encouraged the AMDA to come forward to hold the West Khasi Hills Got Talent Season-II which will be held on the 29th June, 2020 at Mairang and Nongstoin. , 7th October, 2020 in Nongkhlaw and Laitdom, the fee will be Rs.500/- per individual or group.
United Bank of India (United Bank of India) Nongbah Branch has been shut down for seven months.
The FKJGP demands that the PWD department should take immediate action on this road and order the Russian company to immediately repair the road which has been damaged by the rainwater. from the difficulty.
The PHE Department, the Water Resource Department and the Soil and Water Conservation Department are working together on many projects, worth about T.8000 crore.
“It has continued to show that Bah Hek is armed in dividing his allies within the MDA and has also tried to divide his allies within the NEDA where both the BJP and UDP are part. thing.
Tura, Naitung 2 : The District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) today held a ceremony to honor all the youths who came to take part in the training under the Aapda Mitra Scheme. SMELC, Dakopgre, Tura.
Shillong, July 20: U Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, MDC Mawlai Constituency, has received a scheme of 7 lakh tyngka for the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri.
However, on this issue, Bah Tynsong said, “No one from the Congress party has come to meet me, but my duty is to work for the development of the state”.
The meeting was organized by the Hills Farmers Union Mawthadraishan Block under the leadership of the General Secretary of the HFU-West Khasi Hills Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh.
Hek said that Lahkmen Rymbui should not be blamed for the recent incident inside the coal mine in East Jaintia Hills District which led to the death of those six workers last year. month.
Although this has not yet been revealed, it was when they left Crete to live in Lummawbah in 2012 that all this began to appear because her daughter became ill. She said that in 2015 they left Lummawbah to live in Jaiaw Laitdom and it was there that her daughter suffered severely and there she died. events all.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the VHP admitted that not only Christian churches have been destroyed, but about 40 Hindu places of worship have been destroyed by the Kuki militants.
In English-Dutch, the words "Christmas-Kerstmis" refer to "Christ+Mass" or the Sacrifice of Christ; do these Roman words “Na.
This year has seen the strengthening of the people's confidence in the foundation of democracy and the revival of the foundations of freedom.
It is worth mentioning that yesterday, the students immediately rejected the curfew at a meeting held at U Soso Tham Auditorium.
On the other hand, the union will inspect once again the health center and if found once again that it is the same, it will immediately close down the health center because it is useless to have a house without caregivers. who is not shitom.
The body of a Khasi girl, Riya S Pyrtuh, who drowned on Sunday in Wah Barak, Assam, has been found this morning.
“Mother, I've just cleaned you with this pylleng saw so that you can give me tiffiin,” said the father.
I don't want to name anyone but when the proposals come to the President of the PCC, who will send them to the AICC, the party will take a decision,” he said.
A rally was held in Lucknow today to accompany Samajwadi Party leader Poonam Sinha when she filed her nomination papers for the Lok Sabha elections from Lucknow.
As you know, this tyrpad leaf can be used in many ways, many people make musli musla from this slabad in many ways.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongtyngur Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of attention of the companies to provide the network to five villages including Nongtyngur, Nongkyndah. , Lumwahniai, Massachusetts and Nongeitang.
“The members of the expert committee will have to answer the questions and the issues that arise, which are questions raised by various groups and individuals in the community,” she said.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he will send a letter to all the MLAs who raise various issues when they participate in the discussion on the budget for the year 2024-2
That all villages should first ban voluntary activities, or to ban those who come to fish or hunt from other districts or distant places.
“That’s why it’s important that we take decisive action so that we can fix these border areas permanently.
The Minister said that the Literary Festival is also to provide a special opportunity to writers, and especially to encourage those young writers including students to have the ability to read and write. so that they become great writers.
Therefore, the union urges the government to fully implement the Meghalaya State Sports Policy 2019 and the Meghalaya State Youth Policy
Furthermore, the Union believes that these issues are only the most important parts of the culture and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people which the Government of India has promised to protect when the members of the Federation of Khasi States was persuaded to join India.
The SDO, PHE in charge of the water treatment plant, Bah Roskil Challam introduced the officers and participants to the various parts of the water treatment plant and explained about the work. they don't work in this bag.
At HUCC, Khimusniang reached the target in 3.4 overs.
“However, we have not approved their request and we have decided to give them until the 10th of June to respond to us,” said Bah Sniawbhalang. HLC) which will convene a meeting to take a final decision on the matter.
“I have joined the NPP for a long time because I love Conrad K Sangma's father, but now how has Conrad served the state, during the “We will bring about change but I don't think so because the state is now in turmoil”.
Whether we are from the city or the countryside, the uniqueness of us Khasi is obvious.
Shillong: The world has become increasingly evil in many ways.
There have been 57 recoveries in the state today.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongtrai Circle on Saturday, led by Secretary Blastarland Sohmad and Vice President Johnpaul Kharsohphoh, on Saturday visited the house of Magdalina Ïawphniaw and Francis Dkhar in Nongrim village, whose house was destroyed in a fire on the 7th of this month.
Although they lost the final in Karnataka 3-2, they returned home as stars.
Pollstar said that he doesn't have any hands and feet to take care of the animals which is just like taking care of the children.
These passengers, when they were in doubt, sent for another test and when tested again, they found that they were not positive for covid
At the end of the tournament, the prizes and medals were awarded to the finalists and t-shirts were donated from a company. manufacturing sportswear.
The allocation for the Schemes of NEC will be T.3202.7 crore including expenditure on ongoing projects.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Germany has risen to 149 today, bringing the total to 732, including 583 deaths so far.
The incident happened at 10 pm, when about 80 people were standing on the side of the road, while Prestone was speaking at an election campaign rally in Nongstoin.
They know in what kind of lat lat, in what kind of khriang and also in what kind of thwei they live.
Speaking on the statement on his support for Bah Ardent at the rally at Polo, “I don't say and I don't hide that I went here to support but I didn't support blindly but I ask questions. “I have urged him on many issues that he could not achieve during his tenure as MLA and this support is because he is an honest person who is willing to speak the truth,” he said.
Twenty-three servicemen were on board the military aircraft on the day the plane ceased operations in mid-air.
It has also expanded its services by opening classes VI-X and Higher Secondary in Arts and Commerce.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest congratulated the students of New Nongstoiñ who received the awards for their hard work and dedication in their studies.
This year, the Government of India has set special targets for school children by creating various programs known as the Monthly Wise Calendar Fit India Movement in School 2021 which started from February to June. until December 2021.
It seems that women are reluctant or reluctant to speak at meetings where there are many elders.
Therefore, parents of young children and adults are urged to take action to prepare their children to go to the designated places for the purpose of issuing Aadhaar Cards and If their children or themselves do not have a Birth Certificate, the people appointed by the government will help explain how to do it, for the convenience of the people.
Through experiences and encounters we learn and grow in life.
Police have arrested the driver of the truck, Manmeet Singh, 33, and the investigation is ongoing.
He said that the NPP is unreliable and the people will make a change by voting for the TMC. Dr Andrew Simons, MLA of Baghmara Constituency, has handed over his resignation letter to the Commissioner and Secretary, Baghmara Constituency.
“There is a demand from the people to release the people but the government cannot do anything but will have to follow the rules of the investigation,” said Prestone. “The report has been submitted to the House and will be made public,” he said.
“We should celebrate the richness of religion which has contributed to the richness of culture in the country,” said the statement.
It is difficult to say anything at such a time,” said the Chief Minister.
When asked whether these organic plastics and plastics more than 50 microns can be replaced, many of the vendors said that the problem is that these plastics are still scarce. in the market and the decline in their prices in addition to the weight expressed by the market.
On this basis, I humbly apologize to you the village leaders from the Sordar, members of the EC, volunteers and the Covid-19 Management Committee Nongdaju for making a wrong comment.
Therefore, we the children of the thousands are sorry for the chiefs. This shows that even the chiefs want to violate the rights of the children of the thousands of the Raid of the Hima.
Patricia Warjri, LDA, Labor Department, West Khasi Hills District also gave an explanation on the benefits provided by the Labor Department to the employees. Wilfred Dohling, BM, MRB, Riangdo explained the benefits that you can get from the MRB if you don't have the intention to take the loan.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Langsning FC 1-0 in the U-18 Shillong Premier League 2019 on Saturday.
Therefore, the KDA demands that the government should increase this baibam according to the passage of time.
If the ADCs in Meghalaya, Tripura, Mizoram and elsewhere are to be abolished, these Panchayats should also be abolished.
These foreign children claim to be Khasi Khara, but if you look at their appearance, they do not match the Khasi Khara.
Then, when you are in the opposition, accuse the ruling party of doing the same things that you fought for when you were in power.
Italy, Australia and Turkey were also the countries that won gold medals at the tournament.
In Delhi, the death toll has risen to 1,837 with 437 deaths in the past 24 hours.
The tournament was divided into three categories for boys and girls, Under-18, Under-16 and Under-1
Shillong: U MDC of Rambrai Constituency, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, today said during Question Hour in the Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) that there are people who are on the side of the Government. Assam, who came to inspect Wahkhri, by taking information on the population of the villagers in this area and also by offering money to the people and also to the MDC. Rambrai Constituency to support the Kulsi Dam Project between Kamrup District, Assam and West Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi District, Meghalaya.
We also apologize to the MLA of Pynthor Umkhrah, the Rangbah Shnong and various political parties, who are angry with us”.
It is just that those food demanders have not yet met those who are braver and willing to surprise even if they demand hundreds of times.
Before the curfew, they had stayed at a hotel in Muni Ki Reti, but when they didn't have any money, they left the hotel and went to stay inside the crematorium.
The United States on Monday strongly condemned the bomb blast near the headquarters of Turkey's Ministry of the Interior and warned that all acts of violence must be curbed. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said the United States strongly condemns the actions of militants. He said the US urges all countries of the world to prevent and suppress all acts of terrorism in any area and territory. in any way.
“If Muslims don't want to come and harvest in this area, they should be stopped from selling in the market,” said Shylla.
Others who have left the HSPDP are Dr Kara Shen, Shemborlang Rynjah, Grossper Ryntathiang, Pynshongdor Lyngdoh Nongbri, Alestee Diengdoh, Londoner Murphy Sohtun, Dr Bashein Syiem, Elmar War, Clifford Nengnong, Wanhunmond Massar, Marchus Marbani. Lyngdoh, Leading Khyriem, Romen Laitmon, Skhemsing Dkhar, Prain Syiemlieh and Bobby Majaw.
The commission has also sent a letter received from the Government of Meghalaya to the Secretary to the Home Ministry and to the Chief Secretary of Assam.
“Everyone understands the need for the railway and the people do not object and that is why we are talking to various groups to understand and find ways and means how to achieve the goal to ensure that “We must have protection and rules to curb the illegal entry of foreign authorities and the presence of the railway will boost income in the state and the country will also benefit,” he said.
“If you look at the order of the High Court, it has ordered the Legislative and Executive, it has put both the two together and if it puts only the Legislative, it should decide only within the Legislative Assembly,” he said. he said.
Nongpoh: Hundreds of youths of the Catholic Church have attended the opening ceremony of the 3rd Youth Convention 2020 which started yesterday at St.Mary's School. Secondary School, located at Nongkhrah Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday, 29th June 2024, visited the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Preparations for the Monolith Festival-2024 at Mawphlang, which will start from the 7th, 8th and 9th of next month.
This will be the first ropeway to be constructed in the state at a cost of Rs 138 crore.
“We will not refuse to take this decision to ban trucks from passing through the Ranikor-Nongjri road,” said Bah Ioanis. and public goods.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The BJYM has accused the state government of being the creator of trouble instead of bringing peace.
He directed the NHIDCL officers to take action to ensure that the road should not be twisted but should work as allocated in the form of Two Lane and not Single Lane.
He said that the demolition and demolition of the Atoskhana of these illegal coal mining factories will continue and the target is set to be completed within 30 days which will start from 7th November,
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the KHADC officer appointed to look after and receive complaints (help desk) for any related work in Iewduh, said that there are about four or five complaints. the market dwellers in Iewduh.
The smuggled goods came from Bangladesh via the Lakroh River and were intended to be smuggled to Assam and other states.
He also alleged that the Prime Minister knows all these things but he has done it only to please the people and because there are mid-term elections and 2023 elections.
“The NGT has given time to the state government to implement the rules and regulations directed by the MSPCB before 8th November 2022, but in a meeting with the Joint Secretary, Forest & Environment and “I have informed the MSPCB officers that the government is still asleep because the government has not issued any directives on this matter,” he said.
In a statement, Bah K.Rumnong, General Secretary of the union, said that the department has not paid salaries to its employees for almost four months from November to April.
One of the requests of the advisor to his fellow countrymen is that it is not right to live a day only in the carriage of a star all your life and deceive the star to the ground.
Thank you very much.
Bah Lanong said it is not easy for anyone to take to destroy the customs and traditions of the Khasi, except when there is a conflict with the law.
The meeting was attended by KSU President Nongjop Suchen and other KSU leaders, village leaders and residents of Narpuh area.
The next day, when she received the news, she went to Sor and took the army with her.
Phrang Ki Buam, Damaitphlang Lyngdoh, Kenstar Kharsong, Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah and Sangti will not be able to play for tomorrow due to illness and undergoing treatment. Born in the morning.
However, the State Government has not been able to provide figures on this or on the availability of beds in hospitals for women who have given birth during this period.
A paper prepared by KAS was read out by Dr Kampher Phawa and Rev AI Kharshiïing who are members of the KAS. you KAS you mother.
Government helps more than 13,000 farmers in Ri Lum Jaintia “The requirements have been met to increase the current production to meet the global demand.
“They introduce courses like Sanrit, Yoga in the university which are not suitable for the conditions of this area and which do not benefit the employment of the youth,” said NEHUSU leader Rangdajied Marwein. .
Pretty Bapli, who has not been in the UDP for a long time, has been talking in the newspapers, just to mislead the people, that I have made the rules in the UDP and now I am breaking them.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in recent days has registered six cases in connection with the riots and bloodshed in Manipur since last month.
We all know the benefits of getting up early but how do you think about going to bed early?
When asked how much land is available for the construction of the university and why the university has not been set up in Shillong, the capital of Meghalaya, Bah Paul said that the land is not yet available. and as it has been from the beginning, this school is not available in Tura.
The protest by the CMJ students at the Secretariat came after a complaint was lodged by the Governor of the College for not receiving recognition from the UGC. Speaking to Rupang, they said that their main demand is that they should have the right to continue their studies as they have completed from CMJ and not to start again. has been read.
The deceased were identified as Dearly Daffudil Rashir, 18, and Sonamika Ryntong,
The current Lok Sabha MP election in Shillong Parliamentary Constituency has been very exciting and there has never been such an MP election as far as we can remember.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya cannot be called a Containment Zone because 70% of the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 is only in the BSF posts, while the rest are in the BSF. The border area with Guwahati and from the infection of people who came to take part in a wedding party at Greenwood Resort, Guwahati.
The Bible speaks well in the Book of Proverbs about wisdom and the Author of this book speaks and emphasizes because it is so important.
He said that the people have trusted in the nationalist parties, but after the vote they have sold themselves to the BJP, especially the UDP which the people have been waiting for. He said that in the Sohiong election, the contest was between the Congress and the BJP as the UDP, NPP, HSPDP have joined hands with the BJP. The government is led by Conrad Sangma.
In addition, the river has beautiful thwei which have become natural swimming pools.
Nongstoiñ, November 21: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, has enforced Section 144 CrPC across the district, which has banned the illegal operation of coke factories without permission.
He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.Mt 24:35 The word of God is true; Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away. Let there be light, let there be darkness, God said, and it was; your word is alive.
Shillong: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court today ruled that if there is a Rangbah Shnong election in Nohwet, women should also be allowed to vote.
Pay Scale:- Level 15 of the Meghalaya 5th Pay Commission, under the initial pay Scale of Rs.45,600/- plus other allowances.
The elections for the 234 members of the Tamil Nadu Assembly will be held on 6th June
According to the RTI, the land has been donated by Wahiajer Village for the construction of the campus. 7,12,694 /-.
In a statement, the Vice President of FKJGP, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang said, “As an organization that has been serving for more than 33 years, we are delighted to see the Government's attempt to turn back. since 1972 when the Roster System was implemented, which was issued by order of the Meghalaya High Court.
Jha said the hearing of the case will be held on 30th November,
So because we don't want to be like that, that's why we shut down the internet,” he added.
The song was recorded and edited by Wonderson.
The Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya government through the sale of 2 lakh MT of coal can earn up to Rs 20 crore and up to Rs 500 crore from the export of 32 lakh MT of coal. In East Jaintia Hills alone, there are 75,000 MT of coal, 50,000 MT in West Khasi Hills, 25,000 MT in South West Khasi Hills and about 50,000 MT in South Garo Hills.
Pynïaid said that the VPP supporters' disruption of the meeting was not only against the NPP, but also against the UDP party which held the meeting in the morning.
The State Government today appointed Bah DD Lapang as the Chief Adviser to the Government of Meghalaya.
Not only the smugglers, but the insurgents have also increased such activities in the border areas. Besides drugs, they have also used drones to deliver weapons.
“And we will try to win more than what we won in 2018,” he added.
Therefore, for patients like Kong Bibidaris who are from the most remote parts of the state, the teleconsultation has proved to be a great blessing because not only do the people not spend anything but they don't even have to go. They are far from getting all the treatment in hospitals and they also have the opportunity to talk to doctor specialists.
They said that in the past, they used to slaughter about seven cows, but now it has changed completely as they slaughter only about three cows a day.
Nongstoiñ, June 19: Meat vendors and cutters in Nongstoiñ including fish vendors, beef cutters, beef cutters and others have benefited greatly from the training of Bah Junsingh Warjri, after he After returning from the training at the Krishi Vigyan Kendra, one of the departments under the supervision of ICAR, has taken the responsibility to explain and train other meat farmers in Nongstoiñ, so that the The sale of meat and other food items shall be clean and free from diseases.
This was announced by the President of the Seng, Bah Nikelson Khongmawloh and Secretary, Bah Eliphiles Nongrum, who requested all those who have registered to take part in the competition. this is a quick judgment.
In 2019, the state government had introduced and published a Sports Policy with the aim of helping the youth athletes of the state, but until now it has been stalled only for the examination.
The Court took action after SP Das wrote many allegations against the erection of mobile phones by various mobile companies.
Besides selling shops in tourist attractions, many Sohra residents earn a living by opening home stays, guest houses and hotels for tourists in the area.
“Now that the elections are approaching, the people are also expecting to get development projects so the state government and the Border Area Department should respond to this,” he said.
From the east to the west it is bordered by the Wah Kynshi and from the east and west by the forests.
I have a long relationship and there is a sense of happiness and joy in welcoming Bah Melam to the BJP”.
On the other hand, Bah B Dkhar, President of the HNYF, said that the HNYF has called for a face-to-face meeting with the HNYF.
There will also be workshops on nutrition and advice through experts, explanations on the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS), Aadhar registration and opening of bank accounts.
About 80 million people live and depend on nature, agriculture and to support their families.
In March, he will send a visit from Shillong to Guwahati or Shillong to Kolkatta where there is no election in these states to have more time to discuss the ILP. a state with a large number of educated people.
I feel that the TMC is a party that can provide better services and I hope that under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma and Bah Charles Pyngrope, if allowed to serve and rule, Meghalaya will it will be a prosperous state.
“The KSU Nongmensong Unit has found that the robbers who bombed and tied up this man are foreigners who live in Nongmensong.
Rio Dkhar 2.
The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the Government of Meghalaya on 17th June, organized various programs to mark the beginning of the fourth Khelo India University Games.
“The university (NEHU) did not invite us but over time, we hear rumblings – which point out that of course MCTA stands for justice and truth and on what is right," she said. .
Christian churches, such as the Presbyterian Christians in Nongjrong and Madan Myn-i villages under the Karbi Anglong Presbyterian Synod, have only 25-30 households. hey hey.
In John 9: He had compassion on the blind man and healed him.
Shillong, Lber, 02: The Congress candidate has also been banned from entering Iawmusiang from Wahnangbah Road, SP Police Road, Mission Compound Road and near Jowai Square near JHADC. Pynthorumkhrah Constituency on Friday denied the allegation that he was involved in the shooting of BJP supporters as spread on social media.
One end of it was tied to the saddle of the room, and the other end was tied to his neck.
According to the estimates, 12 people have died in the Er Kyllang disaster across the country.
Until the end of the match, although both teams fought hard to score, the match came to an end where they had to share 10 points each.
And the palm oil plantations are bad.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Secretary, Bah Kitborlang, who said that many of the drug traffickers arrested are foreigners. bad drink.
The idea is that a man of understanding (like Socrates), even if he wants to rule, will not do so, it is better for him not to do so than to do so, because he knows that it is not such a way to gain power by having to kill others, but only a fool can do so.
On the illegal sale of liquor and drugs, the DC promised to send orders to the police and excise department to take necessary action.
Leaders across India, who have left us or are not happy with other parties, now want to come back to the party.
It is true that the party has been announcing its candidates when there are big meetings in different constituencies but to inform the public how many candidates it will contest it will announce at the meeting at Polo Ground.
However, suddenly, the Youtuber posted on social media a video of himself being raped by the robber.
There are 1,689 confirmed cases in the state and the death toll has risen to 1,3
After the ceremony, follow the ceremony of Rah Bhang Blai and Chooh Thyndai.
If that person is a fool or an animal (without consciousness), for example, Hitler, Stalin, Mao Zedong and so on.
Trainers from Group & Pound MMA Gym, who trained young women to protect themselves from violence. The two-day training was held at Lumsohphoh Nongpoh, where about 54 young women attended. Women from different parts of the country came to participate in the program and received training in Mix Martial Arts, Fitness and Self Defence.
Nongstoin, March 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of President Lumlang Khar Syiemlieh, has visited the victims of the attack by Nepalis in Mawdiangsnam, who are now admitted to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin.
The semi final match of the Under 17 girls category will be played between Iewrynghep Secondary School and Tyrsad Higher Secondary School at 10 pm. School will play against H.Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School at 11 pm.
Therefore, we need people like Nehemiah who respect the King and fear God and to rebuild the broken walls of the country.
Speaking to reporters, a meeting of all political parties was held at the District Council today where the CEM said that all the MDCs have suggested that they do not want to introduce the word Village Council. as prepared by the government but they want to change the word Village Dorbar.
On the allegation by Bah Bindo M Lanong, the President said, “I don't want to say anything on this allegation but as the party we respect Bah Bindo as a senior leader in the party”.
We don't know who they are and which party they are Independent.
Speaking on the importance of health in the daily lives of the people, the Chief Guest urged all those who witnessed the program and especially the poor women to take advantage of it. The establishment of the Sub-Centre at Nongthyllep Village by providing treatment and examination and to take the children to participate in the various vaccination programs conducted by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from time to time. for.
The ECI has reminded political parties, candidates and election campaigners not to vote in the name of any ethnic group or in ways that could cause division among the citizens of the country. name of race, religion and so on.
Not only that, it was also observed that there was a heavy traffic jam in the Polo area and surrounding areas where the people had to cross the roads to get to Golflink.
“The owners of the Coke Factory are the shyllang mat of the country and the nation, who rob the authorities of the country by doing wrong but they don't know that the coke they produce from their factories, clothes and covers their children. " said the paid residents through placards.
If good education cannot be provided, the increase in papers will only lead to problems.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong B.Jyrwa President of HANM, WW, said that as an organization which has worked hard for many years to provide development opportunities to the residents in the border areas especially in the field of They will never back down and fight until they reap the fruits of victory.
The public will greatly benefit from these treatments as they have been tried for many years.
However, in the history of the world, there has never been a greater celebration of the birthday of anyone or anyone than the birthday of Jesus Christ.
There was also a song by the Nang Ai Mynsiem group from Pynter and a speech by the Sordar of Raid Mawshun, Bah Lamiki Khongdkhar.
How many of us remember that in many places the rain flows right in the middle of the road.
In Covenant Jake played the role of US Army Sergeant John Kinleywho who had to go to Afghanistan to fulfill his mission.
Kyrmen You are right because Kane was born hundreds of years ago.
They were shooting the film Coolie No.
The owner of the JS Fitness Center is Johny Bareh from Rymbai.
These teams will play in a single leg format where each team will play two home and two away matches against the two teams that play well and are in the top two. they will qualify for the I-League next season.
At the same time, he said that although the approval should be obtained from the Hima rulers or the village authorities, it is sad to see from time to time in the media that these rulers or village authorities The ministers who violate the customs are the ones who violate them.
Today's match will be between Nangkiew Irat SC and Rangdajied United FC at 4 pm.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has expressed its anger over the brutality of the Assam Police and condemns the cold-blooded massacre of the Assam Police in Block
The Seng will also monitor the National Education Policy (NEP) and the Meghalaya State Education Policy (MSEP).
JP Nadda was also a Leader of the Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly in 1993, 1998 and 2007 before becoming the new President of the BJP. TAD./R/35/51 – The following Regulation made by the Governor of Assam, under clause (b) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 19 of the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution of India, and assent to by the President of India, is published for general information :- REGULATION NO.5 OF 1952THE UNITED KHASI-JAINTIA HILLS DISTRICT (APPLICATION OF LAWS) REGULATION, 1952 WHEREAS it is expedient to bring certain enactments into force in Khasi United-Jain areas of the District known as the Khasi States immediately before the commencement of the Constitution of India: Now, therefore in exercise of the powers conferred by clause (b) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 19 of the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution, the Governor of Assam is pleased to make the following Regulation :- 1.
The Club also hopes that through this Coaching Camp it will help the children to prepare themselves well for Inter School Athletic or District Level and other competitions.
Nongpoh: Bettiful Lyngdoh, a security guard at the Central Agriculture University (CAU, Imphal) at ICAR Umiam, has said that she has been dismissed from her job. The Dean of CAU, has issued a statement saying that these three persons have been suspended for drinking kyiad in the area, as she too has been included in the incident. you are accused of drinking Kyiad.
Also present on the occasion was Bah David Laitphlang, President of Shillong Press Club.
This is illegal and steals the rights of tenants.
The method of mining coal in Sohra is very different from others.
In Jowai, the loss of admission has been resolved with the initiative of MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, the education department and the district authorities, said Conrad. There were only 150-180 people.
Kashmir is known to be one of the most beautiful places in the world and the presence of mountains, pleasant weather and many others have attracted many to visit it.
But when a wicked king rules, the people suffer, the land is poor, sin abounds, wickedness increases, the people live as slaves, other countries conquer and plunder them, and even the wealth of the land was plundered and destroyed.
Shillong: Nongthymmai Village Council on 8th June 2020 with the participation of Vice President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Allantry Dkhar, Emmingstone Khongngai N Ryndong and 32 students. Village cleanliness and public awareness campaign on the dangers of plastics in the environment from Nongthynyi to Lapalang.
It is a difficult decision to include foreign players,” said MCA President Nababrata Bhattacharjee after the federation decided not to include foreign players this season.
Laitkor SC beat PFR Football Academy 3-1 on Thursday at the Third Ground, Polo.
He said that Lum Garo is lagging behind in terms of economic development but when inquired, he said that the reason is that the people elect leaders for five years one and five years another. it's like eating meat," he said.
I reject the proposal to drop the case against the CSWO, I will follow the legal process,” said Kong Kharshiing.
While inquiring about the number of Khasi shniuh shopkeepers in Ri Bhoi, Rupang spoke to Samla Donelson Malieh, a young man from Nongjri village near Umsning who runs a shop in Umsning. Proper-A, where according to him, it is understood that the Khap shniuh industry is one of the highest income industries and especially if it can be done properly.
But you didn't.
He hath troubled the earth, he hath broken the rule of nature.
Two days ago, these advertisements were found in the shops of the area in Sohra.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that this program is not only for the distribution of appointment letters to the newly employed LP teachers but also for the announcement of the target. and the ambition of the State Government.
They recovered knah jri, plastic bags and it is suspected that they were the smugglers.
These Bangladeshis were arrested after receiving information from the public and a search operation was conducted in all parts of Jaintia Hills. RJ number 07 GB
Shillong: The youths who have completed their training in agriculture from the government department have protested against the government to appoint them in the department where they have completed their training as allocated.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi District Truck Owners and Drivers Association (RIDA) has been formed to look into the problems faced by the truck owners, traders and drivers in Ri Bhoi District. by vehicle owners, traders and truck drivers.
On Tuesday, there were 8 new cases of COVID-19, 6 recoveries and the total number of cases in the State has risen to
Speaking by phone, the Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that on Saturday, women from Lapangap village were shot dead by a bird shooter while they were in the field.
The MBOCWB will provide a financial assistance of 1000 tyngka per month only to the member who has paid in full for the membership of the MBOCWB for the year 2019-2
psychotherapy eg.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday expressed his desire to immediately settle the border with Assam as this process has started since the creation of Meghalaya.
Not only that, but the buses that have stopped at Khyndai Lad, Barik, Laitumkhrah and so on, have many passengers who have fallen asleep, because they have stopped for a long time. slem and it used to be the custom of the followers to drive the buses for ten hours and then stop again and these are the times of those old market buses.
The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy (WJDSA) was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on the opening day of the 2nd Division. at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
This church in Thyatira began in 538 AD and remains to this day and will be able to enter that last day foretold by Daniel.
“Below are some suggestions for improving mental health.
“Give me water, I will give you only water to drink, but if you say you want water to drink, I will show you the river to go to,” said Bah Suin.
In the recent hearing, the Meghalaya High Court has ordered the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills to submit the report of the investigation into the recruitment of teachers within two months.
Chapter 8 – Conclusion.
Therefore, we will see the problems that have arisen in that government where even though they have worked together for five years, but from time to time, there has been a mutual criticism especially from the BJP and UDP against the government. To get rid of such people and to get good governance, the CMP should be introduced. All political parties supporting the NPP should demand this.
It is only a matter of time before they see who comes to help them at that time when they are suffering from Covid-1
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA & MDC, CEM, KHADC, said that the KHADC authorities are ready to introduce laws to protect the Village Authorities. The Laws and Rules of Village, Raid and Dorbar Hima, as part of their recognition by law and to become the traditional rules of the people, the children of the thousands, in accordance with para 3 , and 11 of the Sixth Schedule.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Principal Secretary said that he has not yet received any information on the incident as he has not spoken to the State Attorney Ranjan Chhatterjee.
The Puja celebrations will start on the 26th of this month.
Superintendent of Police (SP) S Nongtynger said that SP (City) Vivek Syiem immediately rushed to the scene to extinguish the incident with fire trucks. They immediately rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze so that it would not spread to other places.
The union also urged the security forces to strengthen their patrols especially in dangerous areas and which happen from time to time. security forces at night and during the peak hours of these attacks.
The Shylla Kurs have been found in Jaintia Hills and the Shella area, while the Sutnga and Shullai Kurs have been in the Nongskhen area since ancient times.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday demanded that the Meghalaya government should implement the Roster System from the moment it was approved and not postpone until
Guwahati, Nailur 25 : The Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport (LGBI) has now prepared a plan to transport goods from the North East to around the world. to 24 hours.
Amanda Pakynteiñ, Chairperson of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee (MCC) was the chief guest and saluted the March Past. The Chief Guest, Bah Khian Warmalai, Sordar of Madanlangning Village, Bah Kobat Mukhim, President of the Club, the elderly, women, young men and women and children.
The security forces said that the members of the armed group arrived at the scene in motorcycles and opened fire on all the people who were present at the scene and at the scene. the time they went there.
You are the heritage of this great country, the homeland of India.
Lorenza Songthiang from Meghalaya, Aditya from Maharashtra and Yogita have qualified for the World Combat Games in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia in April. year.
Doctors at the Seven Sisters Hospital, Goalpara, announced that Kenny Warjri died at 10 pm due to severe injuries while Wlytan was rushed to the hospital. He was rushed to the Guwahati Medical College Hospital (GMCH) and is currently in critical condition.
Thank you very much for my understanding that this young man doesn't do anything wrong, he doesn't interfere with his religion, he walks smoothly, he doesn't do what the Lord (U Tre) sends. he didn't do it.
So there were only two of them, not counting the people in the land of Nod who were created by Satan (read Genesis chapters 2 and 4).
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the Wapung C&RD Block, East Jaintia Hills District, will continue to operate from Khliehriat for the benefit of the people until further notice.
Meghalaya's revenue declined by 0.1% in 2021-22 to Rs 25,696.82 crore compared to the previous financial year.
It is here that we see that it is difficult for minorities like us to be part of India where the Hindu majority is the rulers.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the state government to ban the RP. Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the state government to ban the RP. display meats in meat shops.
Colombo, Jymmang 09: After months of protests against the government in Sri Lanka, today, the country, which is just below India, has erupted into civil war and bloodshed.
Shillong: ANTF Police today raided Polo Market and arrested a woman and five men, who are drug traffickers and seized 105 vials of heroin. heroin, weighing 8.97 gms, 286.93 gms of cannabis, 20 Nitrazapam tablets, 330 empty bottles, 10 syringes, 3 Golden Tobacco packets, 6 mobile phones, one scooty, 2 local ta Your money is T.1,49,280/-.
When asked about the qualifications of the candidates, Zenith Sangma said that detailed information has not been received as they have applied without informing the media.
On Tuesday, 12 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Speaking to u SP News Agency, it is understood that the HSPDP leaders have already decided to give the ticket to Maieid Hoping's brother Doffelly L Nonglait. They are thinking only of Bah LG Nongsiej, MDC from Nongstoiñ constituency, where to break him because they have accepted that Bah LG Nongsiej is not only an MDC, but also the President. However, it is understood that the application of Fenela L Nonglait, another relative of Maieid Hoping, will be rejected by the party leaders. When asked by Witting Mawsor whether Fenela has been able to register her name, she is not a full member of the HSPDP. “Fenela is a Doctor of Law, I think she understands better,” said Witting.
Noting that there are many youths who are worried and hopeless, the MLA said that as responsible leaders they cannot just watch and therefore they have decided to talk to the Government on this issue.
Latest reports said that many JCBs have been needed to clean the road and some JCBs have to be imported from Assam.
Publicity Secretary Bah Ebormi Lyngdoh, W/S Ladmukhla, TBU, Finance Secretary Bah Satly Ryngkhlem W/S Wapungskur and Life Member SWSRJ, Treasurer Bah R.Willyson Roy Rymbui Mukhla Mission, Life Member Bah R.Willyson Roy Rymbui Mukhla Mission. Besides, 41 Members of the Executive Committee including Life Members of SWSRJ, Waheh Shnongs of Amlarem Block Unit, Jowai Town Unit, Waheh Shnongs of Amlarem Block Unit, Jowai Town Unit, from Khliehriat Block Unit, from Laskein Block Unit, from Saipung Block Unit and from Thadlaskein Block Unit.
He alleged that Bah Lapang is a man who doesn't have a strong mind and he is also a man who cannot stand without being in power.
“If these 12 ministers are the ones involved, it is better for them to wear the skat and support from today,” said President Donbok Dkhar.
The next ceremony was the bringing of the bhang to the Biar Tuber Kmai Chnong by two parts of the village, the Neiñ and the Wah.
He praised the KNIKMS for often alleging that the death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah was celebrated only on 30th November.
The reason why these foreigners are not allowed to come to work in this area is because they don't speak Khasi.
About 2000 residents of the village attended the program where the army donated street lights to illuminate the entire village.
“Why doesn't the government protect the contractor or the company?
The team will also be accompanied by Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Vikash Singh Chauhan (trainer), Surojit Biswas (physio), Dhruba Jyoti A Sangma (manager).
The source said that as part of the operation against drug trafficking, Baramulla police have registered 144 complaints against The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act in the first three months of this year.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that there should be a provision of all the requirements related to the tender and the Government is not in a hurry in this regard. .
The DCRG increase proposed by the Under Secretary Education Department to the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) and the Director has been sent to all DSEOs on 21st February The DSEO has sent a letter to all schools on 7th May 2019, which has also turned into action.
They can also go to court if the Vice Chancellor of NEHU continues to ignore the demands of the JAC to remove Rohit Prasad as Technical Officer. how to proceed.
He added that the Government will take all necessary measures to ensure the decrease in violence against women and to ensure that those involved will be punished.
A person who has not attended school, whether he lives in the city or in the countryside, can become a wise man.
Laban Taro scored the first goal of the match until the end of the first half which led Kharang SC to win the match.
“The Man is not dead! (Man is Immortal).
Jowai, Naitung 04 : The two-day Open District Chess Competition concluded on Saturday at Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai as part of the celebration of the Silver Jubilee of the 25th Anniversary of the College.
The state government has also allowed the construction workers to stay at their workplaces and it is the responsibility of the contractors to ensure that the workers do not leave the workplace. and this is for all districts.
Six months after Christmas, the world will switch to another new year from 2023 to
The dates of the matches for these two days will be announced later.
God raised up a branch (Jesus) in Israel from the house of David.
The Government will also encourage people to ride bicycles or walk during working hours, which will be announced soon.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 11: The ICAR today held a meeting with the International Year of Millets to mark the International Year of Millets. Dr. DD Laloo, Dr. AK Singh and other officers from ICAR Umïam along with several students Phd were accompanied.
Shillong: The Rural and Urban Development Society (RUDS) has demanded that the government should move the Medical College to Laitkor.
The National Council of the Young Men Christian Association (YMCA) through the Department of Youth Empowerment held a National Leadership and Training Camp at the YMCA office in Shillong.
On this day, the religious leaders from the Dolloi to the head of the niambad, the wasan, the maji and the sangot have completed the rituals including the Kynting Khnong, the Bam Tyngkong and others before the children of Niamtre brought. the Rot which was built beautifully in the Aitnar River.
Of these, 75,000 MT of coal is from East Jaintia Hills, 50,000 MT from West Khasi Hills, 25,000 MT from South West Khasi Hills and 50,000 MT from South Garo Hills.
To rob or to attempt to steal the weapons of the CRPF is not courage or bravery but courage or pride because of the lynshop of Khawiang.
We live in this world full of light and darkness, but we need mutual understanding and advice.
The ban on coal mining since 2014 has severely affected the revenue collection of the state government.
And they are the only ones who can please God.
On the other hand, the Executive Member (EM) in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki, denied that there was such a thing and said that the statement of the MDC of Mylliem that there is an allegation that the KHADC demands money. The contractors have demanded that he should remove this allegation otherwise he will take other paths because what Bah Ronnie is saying is an insult to the people of Umroi who elected him and ha At this time, Bah Rangkynsai and tied the table to express his regret over this statement of Bah Ronnie and also asked for witnesses to confirm this allegation.
Referring to the non-payment of advertisement fees by government departments, he said that it is difficult for the newspapers to carry out their duties such as paying salaries to their employees and this has caused delays in the dissemination of information. to the public.
Shillong: U Mariahom Kharkrang, former police chief of Meghalaya, has prepared to contest the upcoming elections from the North Shillong Constituency and has also applied for ticket from the BJP. After opening the BJP office at Jail Road, he said that after he retired from his post through the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) in November this year, he joined the BJP. He was also appointed as the party's spokesperson and one of the party's ticket applicants from the North Shillong constituency.
After receiving the body, the Mehrauli Police Station informed the Meghalaya Police about the incident.
The first was a male just about 6 years old and the second was a 2 year old female.
She said that 30 years ago, parents were afraid to send them to police jobs, but now lakhs of youths have come out to apply for police jobs.
Besides money, we now see that the candidates are using another method: to donate donations, such as clothes, furniture, blankets and others.
A woman identified as Kong Mishon Suting, 65, resident of Nongthymmai Raid Mawshun, has gone missing from her home on the 9th of November. In 2023, she went to stay at the house of her youngest child who was born in Umden Umbathiang village under Khapmara Police Station in Umroi.
The stadium, which was built with the funds of the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, was inaugurated by Conrad Sangma on 16th November 2022 although most of the parts of the stadium have not yet been completed. deep well.
However, despite this order, Bah Khongjee said that the Deputy Commissioners are still suspending the issuance of Scheduled Tribe syrnod to those who have taken the jait kpa.
Through this statement, the KSU welcomes all the members of the KSU who have retired since its inception and those who have recently retired.
However, in fact, the eggs of the cow are not as good as the eggs of other animals.
Meghalaya has won two matches and lost two matches, so the last match of the group will be against Sikkim against Rangpo from 2nd June.
It is learned that former Nongshken MLA Donkupar Massar may contest from Ranikor constituency and there are other constituencies in West Khasi Hills, which the NPP is looking forward to these days. These include Mawshynrut and Rambrai.
He said that for 47 years the government has been established, and it is time to look into the issues and if the issues are sufficient, he can join them or any group that stands to protect the owners. the country is not for your own benefit.
On the other hand, Bah Allantry F Dkhar, one of the leaders of the UDP, said that at the meeting of all the political parties, which was held in Guwahati recently, they decided to withdraw the election. They have worked with the BJP, because of the law to allow the smuggling of foreigners.
Regarding the fares of commercial taxis, the union has already sent a letter to the West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners and Drivers Association (WJHTODA), but they are still waiting for a reply from the union.
The Enforcement Squads also include personnel from the Police Department, Pollution Control Board (PCB), Suchitwa Mission, Internal Vigilance Wing and LSGD. burning of garbage were other violations under the supervision of this appointed team.
I am pleased that in the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) elections, our Khasi voters were no longer present.
Bengaluru, Naitung 04 : The Indian football team has won the SAFF Championship after beating Kuwait by a tie-breaker in the final held on Saturday evening. Sree Kanteerava Stadium in Bengaluru.
It is learned that the 28-year-old man was helping them to cover the pond and while he was trying to fill the pond with garbage, it suddenly opened. and immediately he fell into the sea.
He said that the victory of those who claim the right to arrange for the people of Pynursla every five years and the people also the voters every five years is a strong statement to the residents of the area “to show that “We don't want to be fooled every five years and we don't want to be fooled by them. We need to win Bah Anthony,” he urged the people.
“Like other political parties and the people of East Jaintia Hills and the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, AJYWO, in one voice, strongly opposes the state government's plan to build a railway line in the district. The reason for the non-implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, as has been done in other states in the North East, which the state government has The Legislative Assembly has taken a decision since 2019 to implement it for the protection of the indigenous people of the state, but this has been ignored by the state and central governments,” said U. Heatermoon Ryngkhlem, President of AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone.
However, after the MoU, it became a shambles and it became a shambles.
Many of the people do not receive the rice from the PMGKAY scheme as they should.
You are not wrong but I admit that I have done something wrong to my culture.
We don't know the facts, whether there are any on these allegations, but we must not forget how Bah HS Shylla, exposed the corruption and misappropriation of money of Bah PN Syiem and wrote and published. but we see that in the end, there seems to be no final judgment and only accusations and rumors in the newspapers.
When Jumreit was sitting down, one of Tongsoh's legs came out.
Not admitting that the BJP would take action on the issue with Assam, Ernest said the party would look into resolving the issue in the state.
He also urged the residents not to have a bad attitude towards the village leaders as it will cause a lot of trouble in the village and affect the benefits that they should receive from the government.
Regarding the meeting of the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam on 30.9.2023 to decide to transfer the Assam and Meghalaya Police and replace them with CRPF, the Forum does not oppose this decision of theirs but urges and He advised the government not to deploy the state police as the CRPF is also dominated by Dkhars and is controlled by the Assam government by Himanta Biswas Sharma.
New Delhi: There have been 4,970 new cases of Covid-19 and 134 deaths, bringing the total number of cases in India to 1,01,1 3,163 people; There are 58,802 people undergoing treatment and 39,173 people who have recovered.
All those arrested have been sanitized and scanned and tested for covid1
In another match, Mawreng SC beat Lawmali 1-0 with the goal scored by B.Rani in the 70th minute.
To show the cleanliness along the road from Umshyrpi to Mawphlang, many people have been deployed along the road today to clean up the plastic bags spread by the public.
How much do the employees earn per month and if they earn 12,000 per month, then the whole household has suffered.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) War Jaintia Hills District has vowed to file a complaint against the Dhar Company.
At the end of his speech, he urged the people to elect people who love and have a spirit of help, a leader who can bring about development. as revealed by the signs and symptoms of (L) Rowell Lyngdoh.
The government has already released T.49,45,96,111 and another T.8 crore remains with the district administration.
The program was conducted by Magareth Kharsohnoh, Secretary, Catholic Women's Wing, Shillong Archdiocese Zone I. Other participants included IPh.
He said that Indian officials have also held talks with Iranian officials on the release of the 17 Indians on board the cargo ship MSC Aries.
In the match which was played at the SSA Stadium Polo, both the teams tried to play strongly and had some good chances, but failed to score.
When he came to Shillong overnight, there were no Ministers who wanted to raise the issue of ILP, the Khasi language and they fled from him.
It is impossible to watch and catch them while they are robbing.
The Seng urges all the Chief Executive Members of the State to stop visiting and inspecting this place in the upcoming Budget Session. " said the organization.
Another reason for the delay in the working of the ADCs is that they have been working slowly especially in terms of appointment in various departments of the Council.
When asked whether he means that there is no corruption in the MDA-I government, the BJP leader said, “As at that time, we were not very close. but at this juncture we are united as a synrop lang in the government.
We appeal to all the people to follow the rules of Covid so that we can curb the spread, so that this does not cause problems,” she said.
The meeting also decided to send only one candidate from the party after the announcement of those who are willing to nominate. The Vice President of the West Khasi Hills DCC has also been appointed as the candidate of the party.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, expressed his satisfaction that the school has improved from time to time and promised and assured that the district authorities will also provide as much support as possible. This school will continue to grow.
The Word of God says, “But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name” (John 1:12).
The death toll in the United States has risen sharply in the past 24 hours to 1,920, bringing the total number of deaths in the country to 20,0 news from Johns Hopkins University.
The Meikhohkada and Kiaw are spread throughout the Hynniewtrep Hills.
The suspicion of the government department came after they found that Kar had not been paying their salaries for many months and thus they seized his bank accounts for the money he had deposited. at the post office, a car and two houses in Kolkata.
The UDP has also decided to contest the mid-term elections from Ranikor after the resignation of MLA Martin M Danggo.
These cows were seized by BSF troops and police from the border between East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Lber 22: A heavy gunfire broke out between North Garo Hills Police and GNLA near Mendipathar Police Station at 3:30 pm today. Salnang T Sangma, also known as Balti Momin and Area Commander, has died.
Don't sit back and watch in amazement.
Through the meeting with the RBYO, the RBYO leader said that the officer who is the Inspector of Food Civil Supply, has clarified that there is no such thing as the distribution of ration to the RBYO. Those who do not have Adhaar Card, but even those who do not have Adhaar Card still have the right to receive ration.
Shillong: According to the rules of the Supply Department, if a person does not go to collect ration for six months, it can be thought that he may not need ration or he may not be able to receive ration. do this work.
Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar on 30th July 2013 said that while there is no talk, there is no talk. of all political parties and the people in relation to the fight against the BJP in 2024, the hard work for the income generation will become more difficult.
There have been 45,720 new cases of coronavirus in India today, bringing the total number of cases to 12 lakh. The death toll has risen to 29,861 with 1,129 deaths yesterday.
“COME TO YOUR KINGDOM, COME”.
He expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of External Affairs and the High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh for their support to the state government to erect this monument to this hero of the nation.
Shillong, Lber 15: South Tura MLA John Leslee has strongly criticized the health department for collecting vehicles to take patients to government hospitals.
In his speech, Bah Khongsni called upon the youth of the State to come forward to work and contribute for the development works in the State and the benefit of the country.
The Local MLA of Jowai, on the other hand, was proud to open the garbage trucks from the homes of the residents of Jowai without knowing where to dump the garbage.
He said that IIT Guwahati has no relationship with the contractors who built the Assembly, UPRNNL and Badri Rai & Co.
The things he has made are also perfect for the needs of mankind.
“We have received information that there are only those who fall into Pynursla from the unit of Laitlyngkot, who are the same people from Laitlyngkot, who have started doing garbage, who have become preachers and leaders because this action of the party has affected them. “We strongly warn those who commit crimes, we will punish them according to the rules of procedure of the party,” said Bah Warlarpih. .
Shillong, June 29: U Wanpynsuk Passah, of New Hill, Jowai, has sent a complaint to the President of the Consumer Forum, Shillong, that he has decided to buy a car from Shillong Hyundai. 5,60,000 to Wankitbok Lyngdoh, a car dealer of the company, for the purchase of a Santa Fe. before October 31, 2014.
Golflink XI Stars won by 6 wickets against Turshaphrang while Sportive Juniors beat Municipal CC by 56 runs. They scored 93 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 16.3 overs.
The All Jaintia Farmers Welfare Union, Jowai is a union which was established on 8th June 2020 in Jowai. Jurbha Phawa is the President, Medrik Suna and Phrangsngi Sutnga are the Vice Presidents and General Secretaries. Hearing.
The exhibition was inaugurated by Sohra MLA Titosstar Well Chyne in the presence of SDO (Civil) Ceyril Diendoh, Principal Maharaj, teachers and students.
The new cases include EGH: 2, EJH: 1, EKH: 68, RBD: 89, SWKH: 16, WGH: 5, WJH: 13 and WKH:
The earth produces minerals such as gold, silver, coal, ore, coal, uranium, petroleum, various minerals from the earth.
On the other hand, Chairman Shape Pasweth said that India is in danger and urged everyone to preserve the trees in the forests.
The draw meant that both sides had to share 10 points each.
Sakshi scored 531 points and came fourth while Kirandeep came 11th with 509 points.
Police are conducting investigation to track down more people involved in the smuggling of gold in the state through Ri-Bhoi District.
The former MCS officer said his aim in joining the BJP was to provide better services to the people.
About 3,000 mobile phones belonging to the residents of Noida have gone missing for the past few years and the police have launched an operation to search and recover them. tell the police chief.
The villages affected by the containment include Mawria, Bangla, Raishan, Mawteijrong, Mawdain and Mawphanain.
Bah Omega was abducted by these four men on the night of 26th June and killed at Pomlum View Point and later his body was buried near Umïam Lake.
The implementation of new technologies in the field of governance is also one of the objectives of the Meghalaya Government Innovation Lab.
This overloading of coal trucks will lead to the deterioration of the road from Mynkre to Malidor, so if the government does not do anything on this, the union will not hesitate to take action against those trucks. HANM Jaintia Zone President Shaniahlang Suchen said that the government has decided to increase the number of miners in the country.
“We wanted to host and hold this tournament on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the state but because we didn't get it, we hosted and successfully hosted the North East Olympic Games,” he said.
The Minister urged everyone to take responsibility by working with the Government to fight against climate change by preserving forests, water and rivers and to commit themselves to protect the earth which is one of the most important bodies for mankind.
In a letter, Bah Robert said that the reason why the former general secretary of the MSOA has had to resign is indeed an unpleasant incident. There has also been an attempt to mushlia by the civil society organizations of the state, which has led to the border officer having to leave this job.
As soon as we seized the Auto Rickshaw and found that it was carrying Ganja, we immediately informed the Police, so that they can take all necessary action and prosecute them according to the rules of law.
In the body building category below 70 kg, 1st Badonkupar Kharbhih – Body zoo Gym, 2nd Sunny.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pastor NS Phawa said that the meeting today decided to seek clarification from the KJP Assembly on this issue.
East Khasi Hills District has 41 new cases, including 13 soldiers and 28 civilians.
“We will stand on the ground to demand the repeal of the CAA in the state and if the government cannot repeal the CAA we will take our own decision to enact our own laws to ensure the survival of the people.
There will also be a screening of the film by Bah BB Lyngdoh.
Rapstar Marngar said that these six villages include Mawpun, Pathar Phlang, Mawdiangkper, Mawdumdum, Nongspung and Kyrshai. He said that the villagers have tried to inform the relevant authorities, but due to the lack of road, it is difficult for them to get to Nongstoin because to get to Nongstoin they have to spend thousands of rupees. thousands of people from Kyrshai to Nongstoin have to pass through Assam.
“A hero must have the spirit to change society and must be the shabuk and cleanser of society.
She worked hard and went from house to house to canvass for Rev. JJM Nichols Roy.
The curfew on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, has been very strict, as all the vehicles, except those vehicles which have the necessary functions, have been seized. However, for those people who are healthy and have non-urgent jobs, the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District have sent them to The Curfew Pass can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Nongpoh.
She hopes that there will be a repentance in those people who are trying to disrupt and disrupt the settlement of this matter.
Meanwhile, he will take over for NorthEast United, who have struggled in the past two seasons.
As there are still many forests, he urged the villagers to take action to keep these trees alive to bring back the forests.
Shillong: The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court against the misuse of T.100.71 crore from the Special Plan. Assistance (SPA) of the Ministry of Tribal Affairs (MTA).
The Central Government and the State Governments will work together to increase investment in education to reach 6% of GDP. Resource Development, Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank' in a written reply in the Lok Sabha today.
Because as the Council in charge of the land, Mukroh is a village which has a full boundary and is an old village along with those Pnar villages which have been in the border areas. According to the Notification 1952, these are Mukroh, Barato, Psiar, Khanduli and Block-1
The tournament is also part of the celebration of the National Sports Day which is today 29th July
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ, said that there have been discussions in the past and there has been a committee to look into the matter and this time it is right. to amend the AD Rules to remove the words 'lah' but to replace them with the words 'dei ban'
In fact, the 20 marks is not set in the selection test but only in the final examination for regular students. The students of the school in the practical class and the teachers of the school in the final.
However, in many cases, it has been seen that the style of building houses in Shillong is to build at one's own discretion.
The confirmation will be conducted today, such as a DNA test and other evidence against the top ISIS leader, CNN reported. suicide bombs and during the US attack, the bomb in his body exploded with his body.
Dr Joy Verghese, Liver Transplant Specialist said that SRM Hospitals is one of the leading hospitals in terms of its ability to provide adequate treatment facilities to patients with liver transplant. many kinds of diseases.
"Until we get something to confirm that it is MH370 we don't believe but without evidence it is just speculation and speculation that it may be MH370," said Steve Wang, whose mother Your 57-year-old daughter is on the plane.
The winner of the season will also receive a cash prize of 50 lakh tyngka, the second place team will receive 30 lakh tyngka, the player will receive a cash prize of The Golden Ball will receive 3 lakh tyngka, the Golden Boot winner will receive Rs 3 lakh and the best goalkeeper or Golden Glove winner will receive Rs 3 lakh.
Other prominent universities include Jadavpur University, Banaras Hindu University, Manipal Academy of Higher Education-Manipal, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Vellore Institute of Technology, Aligarh Muslim University and University of Hyderabad.
They include, one LDA cum Accountant, one DEO, one Stenographer Grade III, three peons/bungalow peons, three drivers, one housekeeper, one chowkidar and one cleaner.
“In everything give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you” (2 Thessalonians 5:18).
Real Madrid have signed Joselu, who has just signed from Espanyol.
About 220 children from all over the districts took part in the tournament which was held at the Indoor Hall of the SAI Training Centre. Sub-Junior, Junior, Under-23 and Elite categories.
This is the second incident of burning of foreign traders in Shillong, after the first incident happened on 9th March, when one Vikash Nandwal died. due to the severity of injuries in Delhi while undergoing treatment on the 26th of the same month.
East Khasi Hills has 115 cases, East Garo Hills 7, West Garo Hills 8, West Khasi Hills 5, East Jaintia Hills 3 and Ri Bhoi and West Jaintia Hills 1 case.
In the middle of the night Deisy was surprised to hear Bahnah's laughter and slow talk.
The woman was with her husband when she went to sew clothes and a complaint was lodged with the National Commission for Women (NCW).
On this allegation, Kalyan Chaubey said that they are unfounded and he will take legal action.
Shillong, March 02 : The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Titos W Chyne on Monday said that several candidates have applied for tickets to contest the MP elections next year. .
Nongstoin: Out of the 52 villages on the border, 41 villages have submitted their applications to the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, while others have not submitted their applications.
Lumpaia Avengers managed to score 58 runs for the loss of five wickets in 11.5 overs.
According to a statement issued by the Superintendent of Police, Sonali, Ram Sogarath Singh, father of Sonali, resident of DPI Compound, Crinoline Swimming Pool Road, Shillong, lodged a complaint. in Laban's house after Sonali left home.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with senior Congress leaders in Madhya Pradesh, Rahul Gandhi expressed confidence that the party will win 150 seats. constituencies in the central parts of the country.
The militant group reportedly carried out airstrikes in areas it had captured in Syria and Iraq and in areas within the eastern port of al-Jarrah. of Aleppo.
Her joy has not disappeared without receiving information about her son.
He said that in 2022, there were only 12,772 cases and the positivity rate has dropped to 0.23%.
At the end of the tournament, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne CEM of KHADC was the chief guest, in the presence of Pa'iem Wanphrang Syiem Rayonald Kharkamni, President of MSSCC and others.
That law is to punish market dwellers and market visitors who do not wear masks.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has called for a meeting with the leaders of the group at his office this evening.
Most importantly, it is a disease that resembles the disease we find in potatoes and which I have called control disease.
The Government has decided to set up a Delimitation Commission to review the KHADC Bill and the State Government has also decided to extend the term of office of the MDCs to enable them to move forward with the Bill. the Bill as intended.
Human wisdom and divine wisdom are clearly seen here (Isaiah 55:8).
K Kharkongor.
Samla Morningstar Khongthaw, Living Bridge Activist and Founder of the Living Bridge Foundation, gave a brief account of the activities of the Foundation. I don't have such a meeting in Meghalaya.
SCA-A, who won the toss, did not delay the decision to bat first on the opening day and managed to score 276 runs for the loss of all batsmen in 51.4 overs.
“What is more angry is why they are killing unarmed people but only farmers and the Meghalaya police force is very weak, which is unexpected and even the Police also had to hide with the crowd at the time of the incident.
The well which has collapsed on the highway in Sohiong has been collapsing since the rainy season of 2020 and has covered half of the highway and is located in a turning area. It is also a very injured area where both sides of the area is a smooth area where drivers drive very fast.
Many understand how to be clean but struggle against it.
This is due to a lack or absence of the enzyme insulin which can break down sugar in the body.
Therefore, you should not have a feeling of guilt in your heart.
Shillong, July 16: The lawyer of the Chancellor of CMJ University, SP Sharma, on Tuesday said that he does not know where CM Jha is but has sent him an email to explain the incident. .
He said that the government also has policies to improve education, the children should also work hard, at the same time he urged the teachers to take action in the training of the children.
However, this show cause notice is invalid.
The Badminton World Federation (BWF) has banned players from these two countries from participating in any tournament since October last year. it has extended its exclusion from athletes; Russia's invasion of Ukraine has now extended into the second year.
The sugar and kwai were recovered from an abandoned house on the border near Rongra village in South Garo Hills.
Nongpoh, Nailur 15: Police of Jorabat Police Outpost today arrested a robber who used to steal and extort money from people.
This is the sixth time that Shanborlang has won the Super Fly Weight 52kg category, defeating Anakapalli Madanpratap of Andhra Pradesh by knockout in the fourth round of the Super Fly Weight 52kg category.
After 3 years of the killing of a police chief by another police chief who is a chief by stabbing him in the neck with a knife for about 9 minutes , Minneapolis on Thursday announced that it will renovate police stations across the city.
Earlier, the central government had vowed to suspend the implementation of the SNP in the state as it feared that there might be misuse and especially many of the beneficiaries do not have Aadhaar Card.
He said that according to the information received by the union, the District Council has not yet taken up this issue to discuss with the Assam authorities.
Lack of difference in understanding of children's understanding of SC/ST and general lessons.
Many of the people don't know what the government is, the government is the people, according to the Constitution.
The union alleged that the Director has also violated the rules of appointment.
The state team has been selected for the Dr. BC Roy Trophy 2023-24 to be held in Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
The ceremony was conducted by Dr H Iangrai, Secretary Shnong and a short speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah S. Lyngdoh and Bah K. Syiemlieh from the Youth Association.
It may be recalled that the new building of the College was constructed under the NEC scheme for the year 2020-21, which was brought by the MLA of the area, Bah Gigur Myrthong at a cost of Rs. you 95,26,704 rupees.
We have to wait for the reform of the Autonomous District Councils which is still waiting for the approval of Parliament.
Jowai has joined hands with the rest of the world to celebrate World White Cane Safety Day on Saturday.
This is part of the prevention and control of the COVID-19 pandemic.
it would be a time when many Jews would also accept Jesus as their Lord or as the Messiah whom they were still waiting for.
Shillong: The deaths on Saturday are Phlas Khyriem, 77, of Saitsohpen, Sohra, Doston Ropmay, 70, of Nongtrai, Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills. 85) of Umden, Lumding, Ri Bhoi, and (50) of Bolsalgre, Baghmara, South Garo Hills.
We want to bring closer to the people and thus we have created the 12th district of the state,” said Sangma.
Let us wait for this first world election in Nongkrem Constituency, which will be decided by a people who are different in intelligence, who have never elected anyone more than twice before.
Meghalaya is a state famous for its education, often called the Educational Hub of North East India.
The Lyngngam came up with a plan to build a ship called 'Kun' out of dongbung trees.
The party has also announced that it will open its office at Dhankheti on the 6th of this month opposite NABARD Bank. He is the AAP Coordinator for Nagaland and the AAP Coordinator for Assam.
One of the most amazing things about these plants is that in their stems, there are very small plants that we cannot see with our eyes, but which can do a you are very surprised.
He acknowledged that only the Meghalaya TMC can contest and has the goal of working for the welfare of the people of the state.
Recently, the BJYM Meghalaya has alleged that the MUA-II government led by Dr Mukul Sangma has played politics with the SSA teachers by distinguishing the salary between trained and untrained teachers. The Central Government does not discriminate against teachers.
On the other hand, the KHADC will write to the government to amend or introduce another notification, which will clarify, on the release of the CrPC and CPC notifications from all District Council Courts.
Shillong: The Khyndai Lad, Motphran, Anjalee and other markets in Shillong have started to close down since the end of the Christmas market.
“The KSU has demanded a strong law to protect the snap name of the Jaitbynriew.
In Ribhoi District, eight persons have tested positive for Covid-19 including six employees of CMJ Breweries in Byrnihat, one Forest Guard and one High Risk Contact of the Guard in West. Jaintia Hills is a nurse working at Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai.
“We have tried our best to provide everything and in my opinion, I would like to congratulate all of you who have been involved in this.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh will hold a meeting with farmers and traders on the 16th of June to discuss the decline in the price of synsar.
Yahshua will soon come again to this earth for us.
Ummulong Police Station tried to stop the march, but the people did not believe the police and marched along with the shouts of condemnation to the village leaders.
However, surprisingly, their names were not accepted, but the ticket was given to Bah Pala who did not know anyone.
A police havildar of the Meghalaya Police, was shot dead by a gunman while shooting from his gun in Tura, West Garo Hills.
He also criticized the present MDA government which has promised to release coal but until now the unfair governance is still being implemented by those High Level officials who have earned tens of thousands of rupees besides implementing the coal mining. Even the land in Meghalaya has already been sold to Assam, saying that 'Meghalaya is the donor while Assam is the recipient'
These groups have also held 64 Tribal Artisans Employment Melas (TAeM) in the month of June-June
In the next 24 hours, heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas, while thunderstorms are expected in the state as a whole. and thunder and lightning, and there will be hail, heavy and very heavy, in some places.
The guitar was played by Johny Bosco Nongkseh and the drums were played by Elishon Lakhiat.
Regarding this curfew, the Superintendent of Police urged all drivers to cooperate with this arrangement of the police department.
According to a statement issued by the candidate, on the 28th of this month, he held a special meeting with all the leaders from different polling stations in the Shella Constituency to discuss and He said that at the meeting he decided to contest as an independent candidate and admitted that the Congress supporters from Shella have decided to leave the party. The Congress party has not given its full support to him in the upcoming MDC elections.
A country that is equal and prosperous, where there is no poor or rich, where everyone lives happily and there is no poverty.
“I saw him taken to the ICU. The doctors are still checking his health and it is usual that when a person is shot, the doctors should check. “The places where he was injured and after that, the findings will be known,” said Elango.
“Because I have not received any questions in the last two or three days, I think SEMAM has already sent this money to the districts to pay the two month salary of the SSA teachers,” he said. .
Marak is an Independent candidate.
Nongpoh, July 26: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) has congratulated the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Foreign trade center in Shillong recently.
He also reminded that the students these days have to fight hard to enter or continue their studies through one of the examinations launched by the Government of India, the 'Common University Entrance Test' (CUET) in which the union after the publication has expressed its concern because this will be one of the challenges facing the low paid in our state and will also be one of the reasons why the students will I'll leave you alone for a while.
Thus, a sentence made up of two or more languages ​​is the creation of the author and is only a theory that needs to be further developed and that has not yet been developed. to accept publicly now, until it has been confirmed and confirmed by the authority of the akhia salonsari or the authorities in literature.
Furthermore, through the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme, 'PROGRESS', up to 1600 piglets (3 females and one male) were distributed to 400 farmer households.
Lurshai Hynniewta, besides being a member of the KSU, is also a driver of Sumo vehicles in Sohra.
The program was conducted on the topic of Large Cardamom (Elaichi) cultivation and the Resource Person was Risuklin Mylliem Umlong from Spices Board of India, Field Office Shillong.
Hek said the injection has started since 24th July in five districts.
You dig coal from your farm, you hide it in your own land and you spend your own money, but you can't remove the coal from the coal mine and you can't remove it. that's the umbih that comes from the place where you hid your coal.
The College of Engineering (SGCE) has also applied for online permission from the AICTE to start technical courses.
He said that in the midst of the heat of the day, but the crowd from children, young, old and old took part in washing the feet of Jesus.
“Now is the time for us to live with this disease, but if we protect ourselves by following the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, If you take responsibility to prevent the spread of this disease, we will be able to escape from the Covid-19 pandemic.
The prize money for the winners was divided into two parts of 2 lakh 10 thousand tyngka for the singers and dancers.
The team included Moris Sapuh, Forester-1 of Sonapur Beat and wildlife officials from Jowai, Sonapur and Ratacherra.
When they got home, Lydia's father couldn't sleep at night because of the agreement with Bah Lait that if he didn't answer, Bah Lait would tell anyone.
The investigation revealed that they were employees of the Dhars and had received a pass to return to their villages and the vehicles to transport them had received a pass of the Jaintia Hills District.
He won the U-21 Dr T Ao Trophy for Nagaland in
Besides the employees of JMB including SM Amse, Junior Engineer, H. Passah Assistant Engineer, others who attended the meeting were Larisa Mary Lakadong, IEC Specialist SBM Urban Affairs Department, Shillong; Ajoy Lywait, Waheh of Tympang Iawmusiang, Chaniah Huwa of Tyndo Wapung, Job Kawlni of Seven Day Adventist University and others.
Mohammedan Sporting's Club beat Garhwal FC 1-0 on the opening day of the I-League qualifiers.
The chairperson of the Lokayukta, B Dhar, has suggested to the AITC spokesperson Saket Gokhale to lodge another petition on the allegation of corruption in vehicles in the police department according to the law. by the letter.
In religion, women play an important role in the rympei as the Syiemsad in the Pomblang Hima, the Langdoh in the Pamiawmusiang, the Rangmie Rangbah in the Saiñbri and so on.
Speaking at the meeting, FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle President Kitboklang Nongphlang, Chief Organizing Secretary FKJGP Sengkmie, recalled the history of the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle. Leaders and members of the Seng have had to face many hardships and persecution even to imprisonment in the struggle for the cause of the nation.
The union is also surprised to learn that this foreigner has entered the country through Check Point Byrnihat after coming from Gauhati without following the rules and regulations.
She stood up to look and saw four young men dressed in dignity, two wearing coats and two jackets.
On 26.07.2021, six Assam policemen were shot dead in a raid on the Mizoram border at Vairangte village in the Khasi-Pnar village.
The thok ka thak para people began to spread among the people of the area.
God says, “I have spoken, and I will do it: I have purposed, and I will do it”.
He said that 160 animals, including 240 pigs and 240 goats will be slaughtered per day.
Bah Rapsang in his speech thanked the MCSWA for conducting this training program and hoped that through these three days the youth will get many benefits and knowledge.
“The promise we have received on the salary increase will be what we have already demanded or it could be better.
The HYC in a statement said that the road was constructed by M/S Tanor Engineering Sunshine Sawkmie (JV). videos regarding the cleaning of the road which has severely affected and endangered the residents of the Diengiei Area especially the vehicles carrying goods.
When this reporter inquired from some of the residents of Sohra area, it was understood that many of the residents of Sohra area have now started to turn to the NPP. Many people even those who have been in other parties will turn to the NPP candidate because they find that his contest in the 2023 elections has a solid basis and on the cause of the people. the whole area of ​​Sohra and Shella.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said the state government has urged the HNLC to show by its actions that it wants to talk peace by stopping the violence. everything.
“We are pleased to partner with Avenues in North East India, which will open up opportunities for the youth and we look forward to revamping this partnership by focusing on the youth to provide training in entrepreneurship,” she said.
Other speakers at the meeting were Rangbah Shnong Shangpung Pohnong, S Suchiang, BDO Laskein Block and HH Mohrmen President of SURE Shillong. On the 1st of November 2015, St. Edmund's College has awarded 83 students who have topped the results of the last under graduate course.
Therefore, the union demands to set up check points in these places so that the people can travel safely and at the same time demands that those who do not wear masks should be punished according to the rules of law. and not thinking about going and coming, especially in the marketplaces.
In West Khasi Hills, 6 cases, in Ri Bhoi, 65 cases, in East Jaintia Hills 18, West Jaintia Hills 15, West Garo Hills 31, South West Garo Hills 2 and South Garo Hills
At the age of 17, he founded the Life without Limbs Society and has now become a well-known speaker in encouraging young people.
Jowai, June 28: The PWD department of the state government has resumed the construction of the Kurliya Bridge connecting Sahsniang with the villages on the other side of the Myntang River including Khat Kasla and Psiar among other villages. The PWD department and its contractor had to suspend the work in June due to the forced suspension of the work by the Assam police with the intervention of the DC. The WJH and the state government have started the work since yesterday under the patrol of the State Police Battalion.
He is still in police custody and will appear before the court tomorrow.
The fire has been extinguished but the garbage in the area is still burning and producing smoke even though there is no more flames.
They showed their skills against FC Pune City and we showed how much they are until the end of the 90 minutes.
Akshay Kumar, the lead actor of the film, has refused to shoot the film, demanding that Sajid Khan should be removed from the post of director of the film. the feeling of many churches.
The incident occurred when the occupants of the house were involved in the manufacture of pataka bombs which were intended to be used during the festivities.
In the programme, Kong R.Passah, DSWO gave a welcome speech and explained that this day is a day to be celebrated all over the world for the people with disabilities. disability.
I would like to congratulate Bah Titos Chyne CEM at that time, who agreed not to allow such a proposal, after I read the scheme which has up to 43 pages and which I The MDCs explained at the meeting that this scheme is dangerous, which is like a threat to our villages in the rural areas especially, that foreign workers from all over the country will come to live in these 7000 houses. typically villages over 5 years older, to meet the unfathomable threshold.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday announced the names of 32 candidates for the upcoming elections. in the upcoming Assembly elections in 2023 from the 32 constituencies that the party has set for the upcoming elections, at least in June the new election of Members of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
And Mordecai said unto Esther, Think not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king's house more than all the Jews.
This animal is a predator, and is now very rare and is one of the most endangered animals in the world.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday inaugurated the new Civil Sub Division at Rongjeng in East Garo Hills District, in the presence of dignitaries of the State Government. , as the Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira, including MLAs James Sangma, Thomas A Sangma, Brening Sangma, Rupert Momin and Pongseng Marak.
He said that if there is such a talk for the UDP party, if anyone doesn't win, it's the same; However, on the part of the party, if the candidate is nominated, it will be like a defeat.
Silchar, March 9 : After 27 years, Bah Paul Lyngdoh visited the jail in Silchar where he as President of the KSU at that time along with other KSU leaders were imprisoned for more than three months in He visited the jail on the 7th of this month 2022 before leaving for Barak Valley. to attend the largest gathering of the Khasi Pnar community living in the area.
Referring to the strike by the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA), the VC said that he does not want to say anything because so far the teachers have not come to meet with the teachers. to express their concern to him as other groups have done.
The whole town of Bethlehem is filled with the Christmas spirit, whether Muslim or Christian.
Ma Ngait has T.15,00,000 in cash and saving bank account worth T.1,40,65,500.49 and deposits in SBI mutual fund of T.43,00,00,0
The team will play against United Sports Club from Kolkata in the 2nd Division I-League 2023-23 for the title. to qualify for the Hero I-League.
We strongly condemn this barbaric act by the citizens of India and we strongly condemn the exploiters who even in front of the police of Assam cannot stop those who are there. There were Assam police even the shiklur of Assam was present but he couldn't stop us and they chased us like wild animals.
This request comes after the KSU Delhi Unit has released a Khasi youth from West Jaintia Hills who was cheated by agents who promised to employ her in Delhi, but they have deceived her. it is not in the work of the body.
Shillong, March 24 : The first match of the Fourth Division of the Shillong Sports Association U-20 will be played on Tuesday at the First Ground Polo Ground.
Bah Kharkongor said that the government's payment of T.400 is too small compared to the needs of the children.
When asked how he feels as a long-time candidate if he is elected as Prime Minister this time, Bah Sniawbha said, “Don't worry about that but let us win first.
The newly constructed footbridge at Moolashah River in Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills District has collapsed on Friday.
“How can a Government department introduce a roster system without a roster register?
The Dorbar Shnong will accept only 500 visitors per day, said Lurman.
From these 10 persons, police have recovered 7 bird shooting knives, one nar rod, lyngkhot ïit and two song stones.
A small meeting was held to encourage and bless the players and officials through the speech of Ma Deibormi Syad, President East Jaintia Hills District Basketball Association, Khlieh Riat.
As Chidambaram is under Z level security, he was ordered to be kept in a separate room.
The siej bridge to Mawryngkhang is not created and designed by scientists or intellectuals who have learned about these activities, but it is only the skills of the residents. village of society.
He said that after being appointed as the party's spokesperson, he has spoken on many issues to the media on behalf of the party and has also taken an important role for the party as a member of the political parties. world, which discusses the Reservation Policy.
The residents of the area said that if this incident had happened at a time when there were many vehicles coming and going, it could have caused a tragic incident.
“We have given 4 seats to the MLAs from Garo and 8 seats to the MLAs from Khasi Jaintia, and this has been done to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to become leaders. for their area but we cannot because we have to act according to the border,” he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: The SSSSU has filed a complaint against three doctors of NEIGRIHMS for allegedly cutting their hair. male) to 13 boys which is illegal and against human rights.
In a statement, the Convenor of Maitshaphrang, Bah Michael N Syiem, said that at a meeting held on November 13 between the members of the movement and the Meghalaya State Commission for Women, sent a recommendation to the Government to improve the implementation of the Marriage Act to prevent the abandonment of children without food from the father of the children.
“Maheh, are you at home?” asked Bah Let.
Headline Rupang 20 November 2021 'Just look up, the money has fallen.
At the same time, the NPP leader said, “Who knows that if they run away from the Congress, when someone comes to power, they can run away (from the TMC) too.
When asked, he said he has a strong hope of getting the ticket from Nongstoiñ constituency and he is ready to contest the election.
The Pentagon said Qassim was shot dead for his involvement in the kidnapping of US government officials in various parts of the country.
He quoted a CNN report that Bangladesh's trade has grown by 6% in the past seven years and is 11th among emerging countries.
Pathfinders President Livingstar Lyngdoh Tron said that before building the house, the team had visited the houses around Nongtoin, Mairang, Nongkrem and others.
In the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy, Meghalaya beat Mizoram by 157 runs at the Dibrugarh Stadium in Assam.
““The HNLC also wants to send an offer to the workers of this factory if they want to join the union it will help them with a salary of T.25,000 per month and these will be for those within the factory. They are 45 years old and will have to complete the training,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary, HNLC. The Mawkyrwat Greater Marathon was held at the grounds of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School with the support of the District Sports Promotion Society.
Rejecting the baseless claims of the Prime Minister who said that he has ensured peace and stability in the State, the South Tura candidate said, “The Prime Minister has raised the claims that He has taken his mistake to another level by saying that he is committed to ensuring that peace and order will prevail in the State.
He said that the NHAI has already allocated more than T.6 crore including the construction of water tanks and footbridge in Nongpoh. The inspection will ensure that the company appointed by NHAI will be able to proceed to complete the work on time.
Shillong, March 10: The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has seized seven motorcycles within 48 hours during a search operation. finish.
Let the Government of India appoint a Governor who does not speak English which we Riewlum understand better to speak and use in government or other matters.
Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Manipur, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
On the 17th of November, the match will be played between Seinbhalang Skhentalang and Jarain C&SC at 2.30 pm.
He mentioned the historic event and thoughts shared by Wing Commander Rakesh Sharma, the first Indian to go into space. Look at your own country, but as soon as you see it you find that there is no border with other countries and that the world is like one Family in which all things are the same for all" .
When these factories operate illegally, will it be the same as the illegal coal trade, when the government does not receive any revenue, but the money goes only to a few, even if the price of coal is high? .
“After a while, police from Umiam police station under the leadership of Head Constable D. Bordoloi arrived and arrested our members. they shall not be destroyed.
When her mother learned of this, she was very happy and so was Rida and all the family members.
It took decades for Fr Sngi to focus on the work of Sohpetbneng, until it was his duty as a Catholic priest to create opportunities through public service in the church to encourage his fellow believers. to support the purpose.
Today, police have also arrested five other persons involved in helping to distribute food to the suspected murderer.
These three villages include Hahuapara (formerly known as Okgipu Chiring), Joypur and Salbari.
Bynnud said that the MLA of Shella, Dr. Don, is an MLA who does not look after the welfare of the people of Shella constituency but is an MLA who runs his affairs only through his agents just how to keep the vote he needs to win the election.
The website was launched on Friday by the Managing Editor of Batesi TV, Bah Joe Thangkhiew at a short meeting held at the office of Batesi TV in Lachumiere, Shillong.
It was passed and enacted as the Meghalaya Land Transfer Amendment Act,
Shillong, July 07 : The Garo Sengbhalang working in Khasi Hills, has demanded that the State Government should grant 80% of the Job Reservation to the Garo people living in Khasi Hills. Policy allocated to the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, despite the fact that these Garo people have not received any benefit from this category since the implementation of the State Reservation Policy in the State.
The recent incident in Pakistan in which many school children lost their lives in the hands of terrorists, is a sign of that.
On the same day, Ma Sainmi Rymbai was elected as Assistant Waheh Shnong, Ma Stamly Dkhar as Chairman, Ma Besar Rymbai as Secretary, Ma Hamedeibor Phawa as Assistant Secretary and Ma Ram Ryngkhlem as Treasurer.
There will also be strong thunderstorms, according to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) in Shillong.
Mawlangkhar SS, Salem Higher SS came second and Khlurbarit SS came third.
The District Magistrate has also declared the area as a Surveillance Zone until further notice.
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawiongrim, Bah Sorbar Lyngdoh Nongpyiur, said that Mawiongrim and Mawiong Umjapung are the villages which use drinking water, sewage from the well. He said that if the flow of sewage into the Umshing River will endanger the residents who use the water, he said that if the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department does not take action to shut down the water, The village will appeal to the National Green Tribunal.
“The Prevention of Disqualification Act, 2015 is not dead, the interpretation of its meaning is up to the court if there are people who complain against those who hold two positions,” he said. Mr. Rowel.
Expressing his confidence that the UDP will form a government after the elections, Bindo said the government in the past six years has not been able to set up a Music and Sports Academy in Shillong has acquired 88 acres of land in New Shillong Township.
According to the complaint, the shooting happened at 4:30 pm, and there were about several people wearing Kurta-Pyjamas.
Lajong scored 10 goals to strengthen Langsning's lead but didn't give up but fought hard and turned into the Lajong goal.
The relevant authorities will be appointed for their thorough inspection of the restaurants.
Through this training programme, hundreds of young recruits, especially those who have already joined the CRPF, have benefited greatly from this programme. The CRPF, Polo Shillong, has received a thorough explanation on the rules and regulations for recruitment into the Central Force, including the CRPF, CISF, SSB, BSF, ITBT, SSF and Assam Rifles.
It was when they reached the motphran that the Magistrates announced that the people should not turn chess and that they would release the people whom the police had arrested in the morning.
On this occasion, there was also a discussion between the people and the residents on the issue of health.
With this victory, Rangdajied now have 13 points.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Agriculture, Ampareen Lyngdoh said the government has set a target to create more jobs and programs like CM Elevate and the Floriculture Mission is a step in this direction.
Within 15 days and the remaining T.2 lakh paid within two months.
The High Court said that in connection with the incident, two policemen who were cooking ja in the houses adjacent to the residence of the Chief Superintendent of Police in charge of Patharkhmah Outpost, first arrived at the police station. The room where the police chief was found lying in the middle of a pool of blood and his face was lying on the right side.
Sanbor said there are still many more schemes to be introduced in this constituency because the people are wise and intelligent to re-elect him as MLA from the BJP which is also the ruling party in Delhi. .
Shillong, June 26 : Ïewduh SC won the pre-quarterfinal of the 4th UUP Invitation Football Tournament 2023 at UUP Urksew Stadium, Pynursla on Tuesday.
It may be corruption etc, they are afraid that these journalists will ask questions about this that I have misused.
Without a doubt, if well decorated, it will become a tourist attraction.
Shillong, July 25: The KSU Mawryng Kneng Circle has sent a letter to the Project Manager GR Infra Project Pvt.
“In the complaint, it was clearly seen not only that there is illegal mining and transportation of coal but also that the authorities in charge have not done anything to curb the illegal mining and transportation of coal. this is illegal," the law said.
Besides the damage to crops by natural disasters, the loss of prices of agricultural products due to the lack of markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic and now the attack on farmers by thieves who have damaged forms. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate of crops planted near the Sung Valley,” said Mutshwa Thabah.
These incidents show the uselessness of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) and the facts show that the NEDA should not unite the North East, but should to seize the North East by force through the violence of the BJP and the National Democratic Alliance (NDA).
The reason is to give children the opportunity to develop their other skills and interests.
There is a strong suspicion that there are members of the church.
Thomas said that if the government intends to conduct such investigations through the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and others, it doesn't make sense. This is the Mukroh area.
He said the Bill should be implemented after the expiry of the term of office of the current MDCs until
On the other hand, the Chief Minister in a meeting with reporters recently, said that the demand of the Sohra District is reasonable and the hearing is ongoing so that the The decision will be taken soon especially when the Synbud Myntri Rangbah has made it clear that the Pynursla Civil Sub Division is working on its own to fill up this new Sub Division.
