The conference was also attended by the Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs, the National Security Advisor, the Child Ministers in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, DGPs/IGPs of the States/UTs. and the heads of the Central Armed Police Force and others.
The Sohiong Constituency needs to elect a person who can be a leader not only within the Sohiong Constituency but also to be one of the state leaders.
For more information, please visit the website of the Press Council of India: www.presscouncil.
Juniorika Lyngdoh is also an Assistant Professor at Lady Keane College, Department of Computer Science.
Congress leaders from Ranikor said they are not worried even if it is for Dango to resign as they know that if he can bring the Civil Sub-Division in the mid-term elections he will win easily.
On the first day of the dorbar, the report on the election of the Sirdar of Mawsmai-Nongthymmai under the Mawsmai-Nongthymmai Sirdarship and the election of the Sirdar of the Synnei Sirdarship were also presented.
“The government should understand the strong opposition of the majority.
We must understand that once a person has taken over the trade, it is easy for him to take over the rule of law because the trade has a strong relationship with the law. earth.
Regarding the presence of those who take advantage of the open fire, the village authorities need to take action and create the necessary measures, how to explain to the people that this act affects not only the nature and soil.
KSU Delhi led by its Vice President, Samla Wallamkupar Nongsiej in a statement said that it has received a complaint from the relatives of two Khasi girls and a Garo boy who have been arrested at this place. medicine.
Article 243-M means that the Panchayat shall not include certain areas and clause 2(a) refers to the areas or states which fall under the Tribal Areas. in accordance with the provisions of clause (2) of Article
The school was established in 1994 in Jowai with four churches including Jowai, Thadlaboh, Khimusniang, Mulang and Mihmyntdu.
The influx of other nations into our beloved Motherland will continue, especially in this new era of “development”.
On this occasion, the office bearers of the youth as well as the office bearers of the women were introduced and confirmed by the Chief Executive Member of Ranikor Constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ.
On the 26th of this month, the meeting decided to appeal to the Supreme Court against the MoU between Meghalaya and Assam to settle the border by giving and receiving.
But as the meeting was going on, some people outside the meeting room were shouting and throwing stones.
The Central Pollution Control Board, MSPCB and the state government have already recommended the implementation of the donation.
So it will progress.
The CEM was accompanied by Bah MS Nongrem MDC of Langrin Constituency.
“The RJD will support the JD(U) government led by Manjhi,” Siddiqui said.
After the arrest of the suspect, who is also the driver of the vehicle, the police have arrested him and further investigation is ongoing. others involved in the case.
OH! If you count the blood of the ancients, they have shed it, do you not know that now you are not able to shat like a rawon in the pung?
U Bah Nongrum of KHNAM, who is a two-time MDC from KHNAM, has filed his nomination papers for the post of CEM of KHADC. The nomination of Bah Nongrum was proposed by UDP Leader Teinwell Dkhar and supported by HSPDP MDC Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
The HNLC believes that this aim is to transform India from an independent democracy to a country of gods by empowering Hindutva teachings and establishing Hinduism. Trace".
The hope of the Government of India under the leadership of Modi himself is that this new system of governance will bring peace and prosperity.
“Anyone or any dorbar or organization who opposes the government authorities to curb the spread of the corona virus or the burial of the deceased will be punished according to the law,” he said. you law.
He said AK Mishra had said that there were no illegal activities of the HNLC that were so serious, which meant that there should still be a way.
We must not forget these because they are our assets.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) under the leadership of Asst Secretary Louis Dohtdong today arrested 300 foreigners from Pynthor Umkhrah.
but to the lesser churches God has no mercy.
That night Peter thought how Bah Bok would feel if he told him what the workers had said and told him.
However, due to the efforts of the political parties, these two have resigned from the post of Vice Chairman.
Only the country accepts bait.
Friends and brothers and sisters, this is an invitation and exhortation for us not to harden your hearts as Hebrews 3:15 says as they say today if you hear the his words harden not your hearts as in that wrathful stirring.
Therefore, the union urges the relevant authorities to take action to prevent this smuggling of timber and arrest those involved and punish them according to the rules of law.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Arunachal Pradesh Home Minister L Wanglet has been released on bail after being arrested by the police on the basis of an FIR lodged by Agnes Kharshiing. Shillong Golf Course at Golflink.
Sometimes we have to send our children to school.
The collection of garbage in these areas which are also along the road and also near the College, office and market has affected the health and the environment especially the people who have to walk. Through this place to go shopping from the nearby market and also those who go to offices or colleges.
New Delhi: Indian Minister Gajendra Singh Shekhawat today tweeted that he has tested positive for the corona virus.
According to a British defense ministry source, Russian soldiers have been tortured and imprisoned in concentration camps for refusing to fight on the battlefield against Ukrainian troops.
If you want to go to town.
However, I don't have anything to say about the right of NEST or anyone else to write letters or even to announce publicly that they want to mine uranium.
The Shnong has already sent a letter to the Company regarding this issue, but the Company has not listened.
Shillong, March 07 : The Raid Laban Sports, Social and Cultural Organization (RLSSCO) on Saturday distributed 42 laptops to the students who passed well in Class 10 and Class 32 lists.
Justin Sohphoh, 54, driver of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission, Shillong, left for Tura on 5th November, 2023 to meet his wife.
Pakistan's Arshad Nadeem threw 86.79m and Jakub Vadlejch threw 83.50m from Group B.
The event was held to honor the entrepreneurs who have progressed in their business from their start-ups and whose business has progressed in their companies over the years.
Shillong, November 23: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the BJP has no information, no knowledge that the Indian government is not working and has no intention of mining uranium in Meghalaya.
At the time of writing, police have been able to stop the incident.
The incident was discovered this morning.
All government departments in the district as well as schools have been informed to close on the 27th June.
New Delhi: The only MP in the Rajya Sabha from Mizoram, K. Vanlalvena, has requested the Central Government to reconsider its decision to erect signs on the India-Myanmar border.
Because the Khasi people love their people, no matter how much they love them, they will be destroyed.
The All Jaintia Sports and Games Forum (AJS&GF) on Tuesday met with the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, who promised the Association to build and advertise sports grounds and introduce various sports in Jaintia Hills through at National Games 2022.
He said that in the next 30 days, the two prime ministers will visit Langpih to raise the concerns of the people on the differences of opinion between Assam and Assam. Meghalaya.
After taking off their clothes and showing their shadem, they shouted slogans against Narendra Modi, saying that he is a man who is against farmers.
In the Under-14 Boys category, Little Flower HS School, Ummu-long, North Liberty HS School, Govt.
Adidas has decided to donate the Yeezy Shoes to the poor instead of burning them.
The time is near for all these things, and the end is near.
Police were called and the kidnapper was arrested and the girl's father was released.
“Because the Government has admitted that it has complied with the law, it is surprising that the reply has revealed the mistakes of the Home (Police) in implementing the Section 12 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 which stipulates the term of office of the police which states, “Officers appointed to the rank of Director General of Police; Inspectors General of Police; The term of office of Range Deputies or Officers-in-Charge of Police Stations shall be for a period of two years only.
Barato-A also expresses its gratitude to the PHE department for providing drinking water, MeECL, health department and all those who have helped and joined hands from the youngest to the oldest. including Nehimaya Tyngkan, Robinus Syngkong and Sniawbhalang Dhar who helped to build the pandal.
The Mawlai Headquarters has been cleaned of plastic at a cost of T.4 crore.
Of all the 12 Dalois of Jaintia Hills who fought against the French, Myllon Daloi of Mynso Elaka was the last to surrender to the French. that the British won the war.
Mawkyrwat, March 09: U Bah Stalyne H.Diengdoh, one of the retired government officers and who was the chief guest, on Saturday opened the two-day retreat for children and young people. A young child at St. Cyril's Catholic Church, Shaid Shaid, South West Khasi Hills District on the topic from the book of Phawer which says, “Raise up a child how to walk; When he is old, he will not be ashamed" (Proverbs 22:6).
Khliehriat West FC won the match against Bataw YWSC through Mihlang Sutnga who scored the first goal in the 69th minute from a free kick. The 1st Division of the EJHDFA (EJHDFA) has been announced on Wednesday.
God is with me, and there shall be no trouble for me for five days.
This is the second wave of the outbreak.
Also present were Kong L Lytan, Vice Principal of the college and others.
According to a complaint lodged by the mother of the youth, Kong S Kharhujon, at Umïam Police Station on 6th November, it was reported that on 2nd November at about 3 pm, Ajay left the house. home for a walk, but by 6 pm, he had not returned home.
He said that the wisdom of the ancient Khasi is very rich because only by the language, stones, trees, niut ki nier, all the things in nature have strength when a person speaks right. hold down.
He said the Congress party which has ruled Tamil Nadu for more than 60 years, but now it has not bought anymore.
You don't know the character of your child.
According to the CBI report, out of 350 candidates who contested for the post of LP School Assistant Teacher, 255 candidates have submitted their applications.
The first murderer, Cain, was judged by God from the ground up.
Shillong: The Alumni Association of Khasi College (AASKC) on Tuesday announced that the Commission will no longer use EVMs. The Mini Fete will be held on the 21st June 2023 from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm at the ground floor of Seng Khasi College, Jaiaw.
“We Khasi believe that God has given us rules to help us live a full life.
Shillong: Kishan Pal Singh, one of the officers of M/s PUMA, SE, on Tuesday complained that when he inspected the goods sold in Shillong, he found that Abdul Aziz Choudhary, Tapash Paul, S.Thabah, Asfaz Ahmed, Smt.
She also urged the public to continue to cooperate for the improvement of the service.
No visitors will be accepted except those who have been selected and invited,” said Shallam.
It may be recalled that NESO had also appealed to the Supreme Court on November 19, 2019 against the Citizenship Amendment Act
“The Khadar rule is the life and death of the children of the thousand, but as the days go by, the Hima has declined in value and this is because there is no longer the sacred rule and that is why many problems arise,” he said. u Bah Pangniang.
Residents from all over the villages in Sutnga Elaka have come out with a slogan to condemn the government for not closing down these illegal coke factories which have produced terrible pollution. affect the health of the residents.
The union feels that as in Mizoram, Meghalaya should also take such measures to provide employment opportunities to the youth.
This morning, the Phramer Traffic Cell recovered the body of a foreigner named Ashutosh Kurmar from his bedroom in his house.
Informing the incident in the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said, “The District Magistrate has ordered the Additional District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills, P. Kr.
“The government and the food department are working in accordance with the rules of the NFSA and this is a difficult time not only in the state but in the whole country. I don't think you should do politics on this issue”.
As a hockey lover, he tried to save hockey and said, “No one plays hockey in Shillong anymore”.
Shillong: The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Jaintia Hills, Jaintia Hills, Shiborlang Lamare has urged the PDF MLA and Minister of Agriculture Banteidor Lyngdoh to talk to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Conrad K Sangma, on the occasion of the government's decision to allow coal trucks from Assam to enter Meghalaya.
Oppose that the Draft EIA 2020 should not become a law in our country, and especially the laws of the Autonomous District Councils regarding land should be strengthened, to preserve the land. how to cleanse the earth.
Although the state government has set a target to commission the hospital by June, 2017, it will be difficult for this project to be completed at that time.
The leaders of the party have made it clear that they will not stand idly by, but will continue to monitor the case until the victims get their rights.
Therefore, avoid mixing with other nations.
In 2018, they shared the trophy with Pakistan after rain interrupted the match in Muscat.
On the same day, the Mawkynrew Cup Committee (MCC) has honored Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Pai) Advisor of the MCC who is the MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency but who is now an MLA and He is also the Minister of State for Sports and Youth Affairs in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government.
Shillong, March 05: The President of the CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiin, has lodged a complaint against the contractor for the construction of the road from Lad Lyngkyrdem to Pynurlsa. the movement of the chariots.
The scheme has been implemented through the Ministry of DoNER (NLCPR) and the project will provide water to 30 villages under the scheme. Chairman of the PAC, Bah Pual Lyngdoh, said that the visit was to inspect the scheme and it should have been completed in March. 2016, but when we came here we got the land and due to the weather, it will not be completed until
The Sub Committee, which includes Kliarbha Sana as the Waheh Shnong of Jarain Village, has resolved the shortcomings of the Lew Committee and elected new office bearers of the Lew Committee at the meeting of Amwi Arlyngdoh on 5th October, 2019.
Bah Dohling explained about the success of this block office in implementing schemes related to rural areas like MGNREGA. He praised the emergence of many Self Help Groups (SHGs) in the state. in the present few years.
There has also been a thought to implement this project in conjunction with the Integrated Basin Development Programme,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Millions of factory workers have launched a 48-hour strike against the BJP government today. workers in various factories and the resulting loss of jobs for many.
The meeting was attended by Hamlet Dohling, Minister of State, Lambor Malngiang, Chairman of the State Planning Board and Samuel Jyrwa, Chairman of the North East Students Organization. NESO).
In fact, since then it should have been corrected but they didn't want to.
On this occasion, the members of these Driving Associations, with a sense of concern over the increase in the number of HIV positive cases in East Jaintia Hills District, took part in the self-testing. program was held at Mookhep.
Jowai, July 16: Three trucks carrying smuggled timber were seized by the Jaintia National Union (JNU) at 9 pm at 9 pm. The Forest Department of the District Council is located at Mookyndur.
In judgment, there is no longer any basis for facts, only partiality and prejudice.
In addition, the school authorities have also met with the Presidents of political parties, including KSU and HYC, to explain the need for these staff.
Praising the Bodo Sahitya Sabha, he said, “It encourages us to see how many Bodo friends have ensured that their language will flourish”.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle, today 15th July 2022, under the leadership of Samla Donaldson Pyngrope, President, submitted a petition to the General Manager of Jio in Shillong to demand the rights of Jio. The Company shall provide mobile networks in the Pynursla area.
The arrival of Bhalang was a great strength for them especially as he was a man.
Thus, it reached the point where the Jaintia alphabet was completely written.
It is something that has been very heartbreaking that so many people are willing to thank the children of the poor who love their father and mother.
The old party now has only five MLAs in the state.
‘First it is the mother, then the brother of the sisters, the wife who is the mother of the children, and finally he sees the woman as a daughter.
Speaking briefly on the occasion, the Sordar of Mawkdok, Bah W Nongrum, said that it is difficult to get assistance from the MP scheme, because if you have to give a percentage to those people who receive assistance. “It is difficult to get MP scheme because you have to give a percentage to those who give the scheme.
The first semi final of the Shillong Sports Association Inter Office League 2022/23 was played between SP Office and Combined MLP. In the 1st innings, they scored 145/7 in 20 overs.
Flags shall not be flown in any vehicle except vehicles of officials as stipulated in Section IX of Part III of the Flag Code, such as the President, Vice-President, Prime Minister and Governors. etc. More information on the Flag Code of India, 2002 can be obtained from the website of the Ministry of Home Affairs at www.mha.
“It was not easy for Thomas Jones to reach Sohra in 1841...to reach among people who did not understand the language but how could he bring about change? he is not reading.
"He's strong and once again, I'll bring him here," Musk said.
Bah Deng Shylla, who is still wrong, in honor of his colleague ex-CEM, when he spoke in Mawphor, dt.17.12.2019, which was written that the Supreme Court of India The ILP Act, which was introduced under the Eastern Bengal Regulation 1873, should be implemented in the State by the notice of the Governor.
He said that the time has come to revise the Reservation Policy in the state and since the implementation of the Roster System, most of the recruitment has gone to the Reservation Policy. Garo people to fill their remaining share.
After being released, she said that there was another child in the water.
Earlier, the Indian government had already banned many Chinese apps, allegedly threatening the country's security and social security.
Hema Malini and Dharmendra are loved and respected by the Hindi film lovers of India and the world. poikha, which comes, by the love of the soul of the two.
Others who have been trained are Gumpe Rime, Sugitesh Mandrekar, Yusuf Ansari, Felix D'Souza, Raghuveer Khanolkar, Tanumoy Basu, Vikrant Sharma, Dipankar Choudhury, Rajat Guha, Parshuram Salwadi, Shaikh M. Qadeer, Hameed KK, Mukesh Kumar, M Zakeer Hussain, Manish Kajania, Sandeep Singh, Chitra Gangadhar, Fysal Kongadan Bappu, Mihir Sawant, Mathaeus Khyriem, Wadajied Lamare, Chandan Rathod, Jasmeet Singh, Sebastianje, Utpal and Abhijit Mukher.
It is said that the method of killing is not easy to kill, but it is to kill a person first, so that he or she dies.
Shillong, November 15: The Traffic in Charge of Sadar Police Station, Bah PM Syiem, has been arrested on charges of involvement in the rape of a minor child.
Dr Mukul Sangma, who served as Chief Minister from April 2010 to 2013 and from 2013 to 2018, is ahead of Ma Pala in politics. Ma Pala has never been an MLA, but only an MP from yet.
BJP President Rajnath Singh made the remarks after a meeting of the party's parliamentary board in the absence of Advani. how the party works.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Two persons were suddenly hit by a bus at Motphran on Friday evening.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) on Saturday held a meeting in New Delhi to prepare for the Lok Sabha elections in Mizoram, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.
After this, he will deliver a public speech at Polo Ground at 3 pm where the public will welcome him and hear his speech for the first time in Shillong.
Therefore, what is also needed is the provision of information or education to the public on various issues related to this sector through detailed information on the harmful effects of drugs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3 : U Mawlai MLA, Bah PT Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that the contractors have not taken action to complete the construction of roads in Mawlai Constituency. great in walking and standing.
– This is the easiest way to cook, boil the water until it is well boiled and add a little slasha, then cut some sying symbols into small pieces and add it to the boil and drink quickly without letting it cool. pjah.4These types of teas are widely used in the West and in the English countries to treat many diseases affecting the body.
However, until now, no one has come to own it.
He appealed to all the members not to misunderstand the news released yesterday, as it is not the news released by him.
The youth, who was going from one class to another, yesterday, shot and killed the students.
Shillong, March 29: The BJP Sohra Mandal has shocked the BJP Sohra Mandal leaders over the call for a meeting by Dr Phlour W Khongjee.
Shillong, Naitung 13: BSF troops of BOP Damdama in South Garo Hills on Tuesday arrested an Indian national and seized a firearm from him. The victim was identified as Tarseng Ch Marak, 20, of Damdama.
It is clear that sports bodies like MSAO and others have no intention of promoting sports, but they like only to promote themselves and make their own demands on the day of the closing ceremony, said Pastor Kyrsoibor.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Ka Saw Balang UP School, Sohphoh today held a training on making flowers at the school premises from 10 am to 4 pm.
Let us see now whether they are willing to talk to their minister?”, asked Bah Donbok.
The Chief Minister said that a proposal has been made to relocate the Shillong Municipal Office from Bishop Cotton Road where there are residential buildings to a temporary location opposite the former Shillong Municipal Office. MBDA and this too has already given permission to the Municipal office to relocate from those houses that have been built for residential purposes.
“As of now, the national parties have remained only a shynrong and they don't have the spirit of nationalism anymore and it is our duty to take over this vacancy but to reach there you need to work hard and confident," he said.
Therefore, the JAC Wapung C&RD Block, the Wapungskur Dorbar Shnong and the Wapungshnong Dorbar Shnong and the people of Wapungshnong, demanded that the government or any relevant authorities should provide He said that the temporary office of the block has been moved back to Khliehriat.
“In the minister’s reply it has been shown that the value of this house has been reduced.
The program was welcomed by members of all 40 villages under the Community Led Landscape Management Project (CLLMP), teachers and school children who participated actively in World Environment Week 2022 and participation of various political parties of the district.
Some people misunderstand that women are powerful because they are the ones who hold the money of the family.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Meghalaya has received very low rainfall this year. There are four states in the North East which have received very low rainfall this year. Assam, Nagaland and Tripura, according to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), which conducted the census from July 1 to 24 this month.
The team has faced some challenges this season – three round robin stage wins which have been matched by two losses.
Four of them agreed while Justice DY Chandrachud differed from them.
At the end of the march, a meeting was held with the President of ASHA Khliehriat Unit, Pretty Jyrwa, who said that although Ampareen Lyngdoh is a Minister, she does not understand. the problem of women.
Mujai, March W Pyngrope, Max K Buli/ Nahnah Kharpran, Precious Kharmalki, Bijoyson Mylliemngap and Peace Kharpran.
“They're laughing...” said Deisy. “Bahnah, you don't speak well...” said Ria's father. Deisy laughed.
:The Meghalaya State Commission for Women today held a program to mark the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women (VAW) at the Conference Hall of the Directorate of Social Welfare, Shillong.
It is through the Rynsan u Paidbah that we must stand firm if we turn to an independent Khadar system which is the right of the people.
The problem for many is that income is not increasing as fast as the cost of goods, food and school fees.
Kolkata: Anwarul Azim Anwar, MP from Bangladesh, has been raped by a woman before being killed in Kolkata.
“We are not a nation rich in terms of factories and markets like other parts of the country or the world, but we are a nation rich in terms of culture.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that the seven persons had just returned from Mumbai.
“If you look at the development works in the state, many of them have gone smoothly and even the big countries have many shortcomings and this does not mean that we should stop trying to develop. “We have many shortcomings in the state but the government wants to allow us to earn money through tourism”.
The union also arrested one person involved and used the house as a tenant.
Nongpoh, Naitung 6: Due to the excessive speed of drivers to turn on the wrong side and turn rak rak which has caused many accidents on the Four Lane Road, the Ri-Bhoi Police have launched a Drivers are warned to follow the rules of driving otherwise they will be forced to give warnings.
The song was composed and composed by Anthony Khyriem.
According to the statement, the eye flu is a disease that spreads quickly from one person to another either by direct contact or by touching the eyes. equipment that contains the disease.
Another allegation is that some residents claim that although their names have already been nominated for various schemes, they have not received them yet.
km and said that his group will cancel the protests to allow other protest groups to complete the remaining 50 sq km.
(1Tim 1:15)The gifts of the wise, although they did not fully understand the meaning of each gift, had a great meaning beyond the life and work of the Lord Jesus, in which God gave wonderful knowledge he has planned.
Mookympad SC beat Mynkre 4-0 in the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the EJHDFA at Diengshynrum Stadium on Tuesday.
He encouraged the Houses who have not won to have the spirit of competition so that they too can win the trophy together one day.
“On the other hand, the government should not proceed with what has already been recommended by the HLC and this recommendation because the recommendation of the HLC is unfounded and legal. He added that speaking on other people who have come illegally to live in this area, it is the responsibility of the government to evict them. “The Khasi have the right to evict them and these people have the right to evict them,” he said.
According to the family members of the shop, the fire started at about 2:30 pm and caused about Rs 80-90 lakh damage.
Ardent said that this statement of the KSA leader is enough to show the intention to disrupt peace and order in the border areas.
Pyrnai: The Handloom Weaving Factory at Saitwait, Pyrnai Village under Pynursla Village, East Khasi Hills has been operating despite many shortcomings especially the lack of housing due to the flooding due to the rainfall.
He said that through this, the Meghalaya Procurement Preference Policy, 2020 will encourage the people of the state to set up small factories in the state.
Regarding the deposit of these funds in their own bank accounts, the RBI has not set any limits but depends on the Know Your Customer (KYC) requirements and other requirements.
They also said that these fish which have been allowed to sell do not affect the health.
The richest Chief Minister in India is Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Jagan Mohan Reddy with a wealth of Rs 510 crore. Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu has received Rs 163 crore and Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has received Rs 63 crore.
In the 230-member Assembly, the Congress has 114, the BJP 109 and the BSP two.
He also urged them to pray for the government and the Cabinet that God will cleanse their hearts.
In fact, it was scheduled to discuss this issue yesterday, but due to the busy schedule of the MLA awards ceremony, it was postponed.
Speaking to the Law Minister, the HYC said that many of the documents related to the roster since 1972 have been lost.
Mawrie also informed that BJP National President JP Nadda may visit Shillong to meet with party office bearers.
Jennyfer J Synrem from the Ministry of Education informed about the success of such a program in 2023 in which more than 5,000 schools have participated through public marches. , the distribution of posters and about 65 lakh people who took part in the signature campaign.
The KSU said that many of the people and leaders who wanted to participate did not have the opportunity, and expressed their deep surprise and regret over this.
The Thangrain Dorbar Shnong has announced that candidates who come to campaign in Thangrain Village should bring only 4 small vehicles including the candidate's own.
“Therefore, this too will appear in the expenditure of T.803 crore but I don't know because it hasn't passed through me.
Everyone who knows how to know and who knows how to honor the factory has its own religion, customs and traditions – the song and the song.
Earlier, the state government had set a target to turn Times Square into New York's Polo Market by
Last year, the residents, school children and even the HNYF, Northern Region had protested against the excessive impact of the pum pum which has affected the health of the people. The road connecting to the gate has been cleaned up and temporarily escaped from the pum after the cleaning of the road. This year, after the rainfall, the road has been deteriorated and has caused pum pum which has affected the people.
To do this, we need unity in all constituencies. Let us the people form a group to be called “The People's Group of the Constituency” or according to the consensus of all.
fa@gmail.com for more information.
Nongstoiñ, November 22: Hundreds of people from near and far have flocked to the Free Medical Camp organized by the HSPDP Youth Wing Nongstoin Area Unit on Monday at Mawlangdep village in West Khasi Hills.
The Union Minister in charge of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj, Giriraj Singh today inaugurated the Meghalaya Pineapple Festival 2023 at a function held in Delhi. Haat, INA, New Delhi in the presence of CM of Meghalaya Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Agriculture and Farmers Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism Department Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Commissioner & Secretary of Agriculture. Dr. Vijay Kumar D, IAS and Secretary Isawanda Laloo IAS, Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Vijay Kumar D, IAS. He congratulated the Meghalaya government for taking the initiative to hold such a festival.
The word 'Khasi' is our official name by which people know us all Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and others.
L Mawnai is a student of Shillong College and lives in Mairang.
“It is also learned that Fr.Balawan came to Ri Bhoi in the 1960s to serve the Ri Bhoi as a whole whether in the spiritual life or to promote education. Fr.Balawan passed away on the 11th of March 1989 under the name of and his name is still alive today 33 years after his death.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, the children of Kmai Raij together with the women from all the seven villages took the Deiñkhlam to all the villages and townships to erect them along with the Bombs and Bhuri and the dance. .
If the authorities do wrong and end up only allowing the teams to play, this stadium will soon be destroyed.
She said the Cabinet will take a decision to expedite the work.
The President of KSU Umlyngka Unit, Samla Pynskhemlang Syiem, said that the KSU Umlyngka Unit strongly condemns these bloodthirsty men who have no mercy even to the women. a spirit of mercy, a spirit of mercy, to do works of righteousness in dark places.
The newly appointed candidates are selected from across the country, and will join the post in various ranks such as Constable (General Duty), Sub-Inspector (General Duty) and Non-General Duty Cadre in various groups. various within the Federal Ministry of Home Affairs.
Over time, we see that the environment has been destroyed and continues to be destroyed from one century to another and the more people there are, the more destruction there is.
Furthermore, the Seng Samla urges everyone to keep this river clean and tidy.
He said that the two leaders of the party who were imprisoned in Williamnagar jail said that they will not do anything because their soul will fight until the demand for ILP is achieved. On the other hand, the president of FKJGP, Bah Joe Marwein, said that if Syiem Tirot Singh had dared in 1829 to fight against the foreign country, he would have been able to fight against the foreign country. the young men of the country are now to surprise the people.
Lanong said that this urgent action of the MDA government could affect the state, therefore the government should not act hastily and should also follow the rules. village nia and in a way that is acceptable to all.
My family has decided that the government should kill him and not just shoot him along,” said the father of Meban Talang, one of those accused of killing him. Bah Pynkhreh Surong, a pickup truck driver from Mynsngat village in West Jaintia Hills.
These types of examinations are intended to promote salonlar.
It was just a tourism industry with the money of the people.
About the time the shopkeepers were trying to clean up the shop and tried to close it down because it was too crowded, suddenly they saw the grenade explode and the women shopkeepers were shocked. scared and not knowing what was going on.
He said that the decision to launch the ECD Mission was taken after considering and seeing that the state has a low number of students who pass the Class X examination and the reason is the lack of care and development of the children. from an early age, which affects even their mental and physical strength.
The T.2,000 notes were first issued in November 2016 to meet the financial needs after the T.500 and T.1,000 notes were withdrawn.
This examination is conducted by DERT every year for all school children in the state as part of encouraging them to study and perform well in their studies.
The SRT has reached the goal of moving forward with new ideas that will bring about change in the future of the nation.
Speaking to Rupang, one of the HSPDP leaders who is also the MLA of Mawshynrut Constituency, Bah Witting Mawsor said, “We are surprised to see that Fenela has stood up for the UDP. “We have phoned the Chief Minister, Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh but he has no information”.
On the other hand, the union urged the DC to take action and send people for the safety of the people of War Jaintia.
Shilong, Nailur 14: The Central Executive Council (KHNAM) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Singh. Syiem to investigate the operation of Shillong Golf Club without a Trade Licence.
The Court also said that the Electronic Weigh-pad should be used as stipulated by the State Government and should be introduced at all places where vehicles are weighed, including those places where there is no weigh-pad. transportation of stone and on the roads leading to the Land Custom Stations.
Delina, daughter of Mr. E.Khongthah and Mr. D.Khongdup, is a volunteer who has completed her studies as a Lawyer, LLB, LLM. She has been appointed as a Member of the Commission. on 28th June 2023 for a period of three years under the Chairpersonship of Rekha Sharma.
The reason why the MLA and MDC of Nongpoh, especially the MDC of Mawhati, visited these pending roads was after they found that these roads are essential for the purpose of and especially those living in the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam.
Thus, when the Word of God was gathered and united, it became one, and it is the Word of Truth.
Rangkynsai CC chose to bat first after winning the toss and elected to bat first. They scored 293 runs in 45 overs for the loss of eight wickets.
Furthermore, there is doubt that he has already taken the Covid vaccine even though his family members claim that he has already received the vaccine.
The party has not yet taken any action to inform the Prime Minister.
On the other hand, the HSPDP Youth Wing invites all the people's leaders and intellectuals from Khasi-Jaintia Hills to support the demand for a Khasi Jaintia State and also to take part. at the seminar.
The reason for this is the reason for this even though there are rules and regulations and the lack of wearing of life jackets.
We need you to be those soldiers who will protect the land and the foreign invasion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that he does not know how far the state government will be able to persuade and force the central government to turn back on the Instrument of Accession (IOA). ).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah KW Marbaniang, said that the committee has already submitted its report to the state government. Your findings are under investigation.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 22: Following a heavy shootout between the Chahlang Police Station and the Garo Hills GNLA, which took place on the morning of the 16th of this month in Dimmut village in Police have been conducting raids in different parts of the area since that day.
He said that the death toll from the disease this year has increased compared to the death toll from the disease in other years. Bangladesh and other countries of the world this year.
“Who doesn't want to investigate and who doesn't want to arrest those in power who are involved in illegal activities when the investigation is done by the people in power and this is the main reason why the country and the nation".
She has worked with other churches such as Laitumkhrah and Nongthymmai in the preaching work.
Assam has planned to set up a police station at the Mukoilum Outpost under the leadership of ASI Issac Ali, In Charge of Mukoilum Outpost and Mukul Ch Phukan, Officer In-Charge of Mukoilum Outpost. The charge of Jrikyndeng Police Station has come to cut down the trees and dig the hill with a JCB for the purpose of clearing the site for the construction of the BOP. EAC Ferdinand Basan and DSP HQ, Jowai, Bah J Marngar together with police chiefs from Raliang visited the scene and when they arrived at the scene they found that the work of the Assam Police is still ongoing. When they were stopped, Ali had a fight with the officials from WJH and finally they had to surrender after the SP of Hamrem told them to leave. He will talk to the SP of West Jaintia Hills.
There are 24,804 confirmed cases and 83,927 discharged cases.
Speaking to reporters, it was understood that the reason for the incident was an allegation from the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Welcome Shangpliang that Emanuel was one of the drug dealers.
From now on, will we citizens pay loans and interest to ADB and elsewhere? By Your Cross.
Joint Director of Civil Shillong Hospital, Dr LL Sawian said "he had been stabbed in the head and neck" and added that his hand had been counted.
In a Facebook post, Boxer said Gupta had collaborated with a gang that was hostile to Gogi's group known as Tillu Tajpuria and in fact he was treasurer of the group.
In fact, I believe it is clear that the District Council has been forcibly transferred to us.
"I resign from my post in honor of Rahul Gandhi," the letters read.
At the same time, he would like to urge those who do not forget the dignity and the future of the Jaidbynriew.
Sanjay Muktam was admitted to the Civil Hospital on 16th November 2020 and tested positive for Covid-19 and died on the 27th of November November 2020.
Earlier, the Chief Minister in his speech at the 65th National Convention Centre, Shillong, said that the North Eastern Council (NEC) needs to create a new structure from the beginning. shadong which has been in existence since
Furthermore, although the INC office bearers have left for other parties, the remaining INC leaders have welcomed the invitation to join the Congress. They are from the People's Democratic Front (PDF) of Mawkyrwat Zonal led by the former President of the PDF.
He said the UDP will hold a meeting on Tuesday next month and will take a decision on that day.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said his party demands that the education officer should withdraw the request for clarification from the The Principal of Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai and that he should also apologize without any conditions from the Principal and from the people which is a violation of the rights of the people. have the right to choose.
Those who do wrong will be punished by the law.
Aloke Thakur, one of the senior journalists from Mumbai who has written many news and taught in schools and colleges, who is also a coach in the karma of journalists will be the host of these programmes. .
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Rambrai Unit on Tuesday under the leadership of Assistant Organizing Secretary Samla Olivertwis Marngar and General Secretary Samla Bankit Marwein. They carried placards to demand the 9 points of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) in front of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma during his visit to Rambrai to lay the foundation stone of the announcement. The C&RD Block of Rambrai has been inaugurated.
“To avoid being deceived by companies, Online Earning Apps or people who promise to earn shiphew shah from a small amount of money, the Branch Manager has welcomed the proposal of the union and promised to join hands. “We have worked with the party to train the people to avoid the exploiters who want to steal money without misappropriating the money of the people,” said the statement.
He requested the 7 leaders of Jaintia Hills to turn to Jaintia Hills to think again to bring about development opportunities for the residents instead of coal because at present Jaintia Hills is known only for smuggling. to the coal.
The General Secretary of WYWO Nongstoin Circle, Bah K Lyngdoh in the petition said that the government should take action to bring the Polytechnic, which is in dire need of the youth of the area, in Nongstoin. open the way for young people to receive training in various lines.
Likewise, KHNAM which announced earlier to support Rev Basaiawmoit.
Police have arrested 18 persons in connection with the rape of a 14-year-old girl, including Mawhati MLA Julius K Dorphang.
The incident happened at Lad Loomkyrwiang, Iawmusiang and other places.
How – re – how the news of this struggle between these places reached the ears of Buhsing Lyndoh II, so as soon as he heard this, he prepared a wedding with his brother-in-law. They called Borsing, together with his men, to come to the battlefield to meet and talk to those fighters.
He said that instead of building a new airport, it will be easier to find ways and means to improve the landing and runway of the airport at Lupa in Umroi. that bigger aircraft will be able to land at this airport," he said.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
It will be for a time, times and half a times.
We must start from now on to remind all political parties to put education policies and education reforms as the top priority in their election manifestos.
The victory of many new leaders in the MLA elections on Friday has shocked all the residents of the state especially in Mawlai, which is the central constituency of the state.
The FKJGP has immediately met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, on 28th November 2022 to discuss how to create opportunities for the youth from this state to get the exam in their own state, so that they don't have to go to other states, because there is a crisis at these times.
The film has grossed Rs 200 crore in the country and has grossed Rs 350 crore worldwide.
The placement of these plants or leaves also increases the availability of oxygen as they produce oxygen during the process of photosynthesis.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC has reached the final of the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
Soon, if they can be improved, it will become a tourist attraction like other villages in the area.
The Vice President of the factory has asked the union for more than 2 months to complete the remaining works especially the well to dig the coal mine and others. He said that regarding the promises of the factory as it has already promised on the day of the public hearing and according to the soskular that the people will be employed. of the state up to 70% of the factory will soon issue advertisements in the media for many jobs for the youth of the state to work in the factory and also in relation to the The factory will also invite tenders for those who wish to work in the factory.
He said that the money of the Meghalaya government is the money of the people and the money of the Assam government is also the money of the people. it means that India is also growing.
One of her contributions to society is the defense of her own land, land and the country of the nation as a whole since 1980 onwards by opposing the government. to mine uranium from his land together with some land owners.
Pynshngain said most of the expenditure is on development projects including rural markets, such as the New Nongstoin Market complex, and other development projects.
This barley should also be planted at the same time as the winter wheat from Balipara.
The union expresses its strong opposition to this and will not allow anyone to take advantage of the opportunity to bring foreign workers into the area.
The Program Officer (PO) of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS), Bah Ajoy, urged the public especially those who are infected with the disease to get tested for anti-retroviral therapy (ART). reduce the spread of the disease inside the body.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Vincent H Pala expressed his satisfaction to see that the school has grown day by day and this is good news for the students of the area as well as the students of the area. parents who send their children to school.
Regarding this violation of the law by these people, the President of the Wah Myntdu District, Ma Khroo.
This was announced by Rgh Sari Publicity Secretary Sengkhihlang.
Imaia Shylla scored four goals alone and Rimika Khongkai scored one goal for Eastern West while Rimika Khongkai scored one goal for Eastern West. you are the King's Reward.
We must understand this (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War are the Khasi tribes).
She said that there have been discussions between the former leaders and the Ministers of the previous Government in which they have said that they will consider the demand of the Union first and after that it will be possible to increase the amount. the reward shall be increased.
At the time of writing of this article, it has been learned that on the night of 2.7.23, robbers have attacked the village of Kuki rit paid and beheaded a young man. , David, trying to protect.
In 1934, the death toll was 8,500, while at the time of writing, the death toll has risen to 5,057, while 10,915 people have been injured. About 100 of them were seriously injured, according to the National Emergency Operation Centre, Nepal.
He said that the BSF has issued an order to conduct a Court of Inquiry into the incident.
Shillong: U Union Minister of State for Sports, Kiren Rijiju, on Monday declined to comment on the demand for Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
They played well, scored goals but lost.
KHNAM said that all those who work in these companies are Assamese and thus this hinders the youth of the state.
One government is the same, one government is the same.
DEFENDER: Ricky Meetei Haobam, Surajkumar Singh Ngangbam, Mukul Panwar, Malemngamba Singh Thokchom, Pramveer & Dhanajit Ashangbam.
Speaking to Rupang, Wandonbok Jyrwa said that the state government's suspension of Umphniang T.2 is only a deception of the children. car.
This has led to the fact that Badariti doesn't consider me a human being anymore even though I have agreed by signing my name and seal to get her ticket in the 2019 election.
In a statement to the media, VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said, “The party expresses its regret that the state has been led by a person who does not understand the situation in the state. without a clear goal for the future of the state.
However the benefits are greater.
Now, when they are getting money, everyone is rich, but when they are poor, they don't even dare to come out of the house.
Besides these cemeteries there was also the house of Sir John Bird Shadwell which he named after his wife Emma Shadwell and the house was named Emma Ville (formerly the whole area starting from Circuit House has been named after Emma).
He said that in the last five years, the government has been able to complete the pending projects and has almost completed the construction of major projects, including the first 5-Star Hotel in Taj Vivanta, Marriott Hotel and Ganol Hydroelectric Power Project and to complete the construction of a large football stadium using technology at the PA Sangma Sports Complex.
“What they say is that they received an order from the army, an order, which they could not obey and thus, they fled,” said Stephen Lalrinawma, Superintendent of Police of Serchhip.
There are 15 cases in East Khasi Hills, 10 cases in South West Garo Hills, 70 cases in West Garo Hills and 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
They also demanded that foreign shops should be closed down if they do not have proper permits to trade and sell in the market.
He said that the patients including the two bodies who came from Sohra to Shillong for treatment had to turn back to sleep at CHC, Sohra as they were not released even after they had requested. too.
It is understood from reports that many Congress leaders want to recognize Mukul Sangma as leader because he still has many numbers of supporters.
He said that just because the hospital does not provide adequate treatment, it will be built anywhere without getting permission from MUDA first, or if the school passes well, it will leave. He said that the construction of school buildings on PWD roads cannot be done.
Two thousand years ago Jesus came to earth to establish the Kingdom of God or the Kingdom of heaven here on earth and in the Gospel of John 10:10, Jesus said “... I came not to destroy, but to fulfill. you shall have life, and shall have it abundantly.
Her husband, Ravi Tomar, said that his wife used to pray at the temple every morning and evening.
Shillong, November 05 : Laitdiengsai is a small village in Mawkynrew Block but it has managed to produce a young man who won a gold medal in the North East Olympic Games recently. you are a Karate fighter.
According to the investigation of the authorities, it was found that the employees of the gym had installed explosive devices on the roof of the gym.
In Shella constituency, there were only two candidates from the Congress party, Bah Bantyngshain Rynga and Bah Pynthymmai Chyne.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) has released the results of the candidates for the post of Junior Engineer Civil Grade I (CEW). and P.W.D.(R & B).
Speaking at the rally, Pastor PBM said that in the last MLA election, he was the only candidate but this time he has received the support of KHNAM and HSPDP. He said that the support of these two parties for him as a joint candidate has encouraged him to contest for the people in Parliament.
In his village, he doesn't remember anyone asking questions, they just listened and believed what they said.
On October 22, Pakyntein lodged a complaint with the Chief Vigilance Commissioner against Paul Lyngdoh for allegedly misusing the MLA scheme of T.55.80 lakh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The NDA government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not protested against the abolition of T.1000 and T.500 notes. There was no incident in the state except for the rally of Meghalaya Congress members at the parking lot in Dhankheti, Shillong.
Ladthadlaboh SC beat Mukhla Raij 2-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
There will also be a Models show and many other games besides Lucky Draw and others.
“This time he will come to victory through the support of both sides, at the same time he will be ready to work for them in cleanliness,” he said.
The winners will receive national team jersey prizes and the opportunity to meet the players they support.
The management of NEIGRIHMS said that this surgery has been conducted for the first time in the North East.
The MDA Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma needs to stop the persecution in Assam and stand up for the rights of the people of Meghalaya.
In Meghalaya, the increase in petrol prices has had a major impact on income, the price of food and beverages and travel.
Expressing his concern over the increasing number of cases of violence against the vulnerable, especially against women and children, the Minister said that the government has a plan to set up a Directorate of Prosecution. The department that looks after the violence has no powers.
“Computer science has been made a compulsory subject from class V to class VII in schools,” said a school teacher. had to be charged to the students on a monthly basis.
ML 10 9341 of a policeman named Bah Emeral Swer when he set it up at the scene.
Other speakers included Bah B. Jyrwa, MPS, Addl Superintendent of Police, Kong R. Passah, District Social Welfare Officer, East Jaintia Hills District and others.
“If the BJP comes to power in Assam next year, we are very worried that it will ban the consumption of cows or the smuggling of cows into the state,” said Bah Warlarpih.
"According to him in the first round of the border settlement talks, there was opposition and dissatisfaction from some quarters as many expressed their dissatisfaction.
He said to take action to provide police force as they don't want any more trouble in the border villages,” he added.
The woman was taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital which has adequate equipment.
Shillong: One of the youths who has become addicted to drugs, has said that he started taking drugs without knowing it, because of the suggestion of his friends.
She said that Angelbeth has not been granted bail for two months and she strongly condemns this.
Therefore, the UCC, as an inheritance of non-justiciable fundamental rights and as one of the Directive Principles, has the basis to protect citizens from the violation of their personal freedoms in society. social and economic freedom.
With this victory, Lajong, who have 16 points from five games, are only three points behind Kolkata's Mohammedan Sporting, who hold the top spot, while Churchill remains in ninth position with 8 points.
The State Council of Science, Technology and Environment, Meghalaya in collaboration with the District Administration, West Jaintia Hills District will hold the National Science Day Run-2024 on 26th June.
The union also met with the in charge of the hospital, Dr. BKP Giri and he said that there is not even a separate room inside the hospital to keep the babies after birth.
The opening ceremony was also attended by two Ministers of State, Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Union Government, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar Balyan and Mohahbhai K Kundariya. along with senior ICAR officials, including ICAR Director SV Ngachan, Vice Chancellor, Central Agriculture University, Imphal, Prof. M.Premjit Singh.
The NPP has won the most MLAs from Garo Hills as Amit Shah has campaigned in Tura before the polling day.
Teibor Pohsngap from Padu came first, Kelvin Suting from Moosakhia came second and Bran Lyngdoh from Madantyrpait came third.
“The Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and Tura MP Agatha Sangma have been thanked by their employees and contractors.
As for the non-water waste, the department has prepared a camp to be converted into fertilizer.
Nongrum said that the killing of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew was as if they had put a gun on the shoulder of Lahkmen Rymbui and shot him. The fact is that these police chiefs should be temporarily dismissed before this investigation begins.
If you look closely in Shillong, many trucks and pick ups don't have number plates.
In today's world, agriculture should have moved forward but compared to the yield produced by farmers in previous years, it can be said that it has decreased from the previous yield. , the reason is that the farmers of the country can no longer farm with their own strength and need modern technology.
However, later the village learned that the NOC requested for the construction of the hospital has reached the hands of the army who came to inspect the site at Mawmaram.
“On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that until now, there has been no smuggling of coal because the trucks carrying the coal have all the necessary documents, and u He said it is the duty of the state government to look into this and ensure that there has been no illegal smuggling and mining of coal in the state.
The party led by Ma Baitlang Pohsngap, President and Ma Dawan Biam, Secretary, has expressed its strong opposition to the statement of the Chief Secretary that the ILP cannot be implemented by the State Government but by the State Government. Only the Government of India can decide on this.
Along with the awarding of the Sangeet Natak Academy Awards, the President also awarded the Sangeet Natak Academy Fellowship (Akademi Ratna) to the following dignitaries for their contribution in the field of performing arts in the country. awards ceremony.
He seems to forget that they are people like him.
“We need to understand the fact that coal mining has been going on in this state since about 60 years ago.
Therefore, the union appealed to the passengers from the villages and also to those who come from other states and pass through this road to stop driving.
That means they will start at 10:00am, while according to the notification it will start at 11:00am.
FKJGP Mawlai President Marbud Dkhar said that during the meeting with the Minister, he promised that the government has sent the Deputy Commissioner to prepare the needs of the Block and before the 2018 elections, the The Government will work hard to implement these Block.
About 600 MMA players from the state led the tournament under the leadership of Bah Cores Marweiñ as Coach. Only Daniel Damlong won the gold medal in the light heavyweight division after defeating Vikas Yadav of Orissa.
“It is the presence of selfish people who want to dismiss a good worker, when before him, the officers came only once, while Bah Enias Rani was sitting. “If the government goes ahead with the plan to transfer him (Enias Rani), we will hold protests from on the part of the people of the villages of the area.
He said that this violence did not come from outside but from within the group.
For this reason, God calls all mankind to repentance which means not to waste their precious life because it is He who gives it to man, and by that life which God has given us. In short, God will be glorified in this life in this body.
Development projects coming from Meghalaya are often stopped by the Assam Police.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, on Tuesday admitted that there has been no responsibility on the part of the state government regarding the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in the state. .
At that time, the police allowed only one of the relatives to leave and the brother of the owner of the policeman went to look after the post mortem. noh the work.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that regarding the MDC elections last year, they have prepared well and handed over the tasks to the core committee of the party to carry out the work of the party. Regarding the MDC and MP elections, Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that the MDC and MP elections will be prepared closely.
He said that their refusal to visit the Secretariat in 2021 is due to the government's ignorance of the ILP even after the resolution on the ILP has been passed because there is no follow-up with the government. Central Committee on this issue to get LP in the state.
The highway from Mynkre, Sonapur to Ratacherra and Malidor is the most affected by landslides.
If we condemn and apologize to Hopingstone Lyngdoh for criticizing Paiem Tirot Singh Syiem, why should we make a parody that insults not only Paiem Tirot Singh Syiem; that thousands of kingdoms.
Explaining on the demands of the teachers from the government, Babu Andrew said that as of now, the demand of the teachers should be to increase the salary and not to increase it to the deficit level.
Shillong: There have been 169 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 166 recoveries.
All the people who have pending cases are requested to come and take part in this day.
We have seen from the BSF on the India-Bangladesh border that they have not done their job properly, Bangladeshis have entered India at will and have stolen and destroyed the crops of the people. They also smuggle stones from the rivers inside India and smuggle more than two or three kilometers into India and travel by hundreds of boats. In front of the BSF, these BSF don't do anything to them, so the villages on the Bangladesh border are afraid because these Bangladeshis often steal and loot from the villages of Indians. especially in this Khasi-Jaintia country.
The BJP has its own Constitution which is completely different from the NPP Constitution. BJP still recognizes us and provides assistance in development projects.
The SP said that on July 13 at 9:30 pm, Morigaon Police Station received a tip from the OC of Jowai Police Station that three youths from Muphlang village, West Jaintia Hills had left. There was a Bolero pick-up on Jagi Road.
We know and see that many of them are working on contract and officiating in every office especially in West Khasi Hills.
For Lajong, the match in this tournament is newer and more surprising compared to NorthEast as the team has already faced many strong clubs in the ISL. Lajong players played from the heart and without hesitation despite scoring four goals.
Ambani, 29, one of India's richest sons, slammed the Maharashtra government, saying, “Actors go to films as they please, cricketers, they even in the middle of the night, the politicians gather the people; but the business or other occupations have become unfit for employment.
Therefore, since the beginning of the reservation in Meghalaya, 40 p.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that the Ateliers Meghalaya Award, which started in 2021, is to support and recognize the manufacturers, craftsmen and others as part of the to improve the income of the people in every village of the state.
He said that the state has improved its economic growth in the last three years.
The final was witnessed by Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes as the chief guest, Khroobok Passah, District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District as the chief guest. On the same day, the WJDSA awarded three players of Dulong with a cash prize of T.5,000 and a syrnod.
Mawkyrdem Village under Bhoirymbong C&RD Block has been selected to receive the 4th National Water Award for its ability to maintain its water sources. The project was implemented by the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency with the joint responsibility of the Mawkyrdep Village Authority.
The raid was conducted at two places in Aizawl.
The opposition has not allowed the government to introduce the bill in the Rajya Sabha and this has prompted the Speaker to adjourn the session and the House will not. Please meet again on the 13th June 2019, at 11 pm.
Speaking to media after the inspection, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA, expressed his concern over the spread of garbage by the people. They also saw the damage to the National Highway which is also the gateway to the state.
Ltd,Ex-servicemen Security Agency, Cummins.
“We support the decision of the KSU Mawlai Nongkwar to expel Bah Kharlyngdoh from the union,” said KSU Mawlai Nongkwar President Biangbor Lyngdoh Paliar after the opening of the meeting. units of KSU Mawlai Circle.
Therefore, where is the corruption as alleged by the speaker.
In addition, a speech was delivered by Dr.W.R.Kharlukhi in which he reminded that the mission of the Lord Jesus while on earth was to save and heal.
It is pleasing to inform the politicians and other members of the Regional Committee that they should stand firm on the ground that we will not lose even one square inch of our land to Assam.
It is time for the Sports Department of the State Government to surprise the people from now on so that the state which is lagging behind in this regard can be better prepared for the upcoming sports tournaments. The North East Games are known as the National Games.
Other speakers at Mawtawar were Wallambok Mukhim, P. Kharumlong, Hubert Kharkongor, Riattamdong Rangbah and others.
However, they will now renew it as part of the preparations for the MDC and MP Lok Sabha elections to be held next year.
At the same time, it was suggested that a team should be set up to monitor the incident and to come immediately if any.
For Dongmihsngi, Ewanmida and Langstang scored in the 37th minute and Samha and Ksoo in the 80th minute.
The office also said that the construction, maintenance and other expenditure for the pond was T.4.48 lakh in 2012-13 under the NFDB scheme and T.49,923 in - bad 2014-15.
“If the government continues to dismiss us, we will not refuse to stand up,” said one of the teachers on the list of dismissal, Bah S Siangshai. Press club.
This happened to a family in Nongkwar who had collected plastic bottles and filled them with 10 byrni just to sell them, but they were stolen.
The NCP has decided not to contest against Krenilla Marak, wife of Jonathone Sangma.
The way the government is fighting this kind of war is completely different from the way it is fighting against the issues raised by the civil society.
Indian time, it will be broadcast at 5.30 pm on Sunday.
“In the months before the 2023 elections, we will gather all the people with disabilities in Shillong to discuss the issues you face with the MLAs we have elected for the five years so that we can express them to the public through the “It's a good idea to have a news conference,” said Bah Kharjana.
On the other hand, one of the police chiefs confirmed that no bomb was found in the song but only an old mobile phone and a lighter were found. The purpose of this may be only to intimidate the people.
According to a notification issued by the Department of Personnel & AR (A) on 6th June 2024, RM Kurbah, IAS (SCS: 2010) Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has been relocated and will be replaced by SC Sadhu.
Meanwhile, by registering with Aifindz, shopkeepers can post information about their shops whether they are in Shillong or any other part of the state. You can also search for any shop open in Shillong or elsewhere on any day by visiting Aifindz.
Kharkrang said the decision taken by the Central Government through Prime Minister Narendra Modi to launch the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra across the country from 15th November 2023 has been a great benefit. Through this Yatra, the residents have received more information about various schemes implemented by the Central Government through various States.
The first was the fire at the Meghalaya & Assam Church of God in Qualapatty near Mawkhar.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Arnestar Warjri, a student of RIIMS Manipur, said that at the time of the incident, he was afraid but now this fear has subsided especially when the new students from Meghalaya have been able to return home. of the state.
Not only that, it was also decided to renew the challan of 18,000 tonnes of coal, which had already been issued to the traders, but which had expired due to the sudden closure of the court on 15th November. 2018.
He said that in fact, the President of Taxi Khyndailad had gone to talk to a policeman who is a major, but in the ejahar, another policeman who was not present at the police station had filed a complaint against him. this bag.
“While the engineers are controlled by the MLAs and Ministers without following the norms but only by being Niang-kohnguh, the state will continue to lag behind,” said a leader of Shangpung. .
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Eastern Panorama, the newspaper of the North Eastern Region of India, has invited nominees for the Achievers Award 2014 in many fields including Business, Industry, Banking, Music and Social. Service, NGO, Education, Activist, Photography, North East Brand, Adventure, Rural Entrepreneurs, Fashion, Culture and North East Connectivity.
Titostarwell said that yesterday in a meeting with the Chief Minister, they also suggested that the government should not get the funds to restart the dewbilat factory of MCCL. He said that the equipment that has been left unused in the factory and to sell the building of MCCL in Shillong just to get the MCCL to operate. The MCCL is due to the lack of knowledge of Nanagement to run the plant.
The semi final will be played between Umlyngsha YSSC and War United FC on 22/12/2023 at 12 noon.
After the meeting, Shivakumar told reporters that the provision of resources for the government to achieve its objectives is a priority of the government and all the MLAs should ensure that that all government processes, including in respect of guarantees had to be delivered to the beneficiaries.
The Shillong-Guwahati highway has become like a battlefield where traffic has been stopped for several hours due to the strike.
Jowai Elaka Dolloi Puramon Kynjing on 9th June joined the office of the CEO of Meghalaya to explain to the residents about the importance of voting, and urged the residents to come out of their homes to cast their precious vote on the 19th June. June The polling for the Lok Sabha MP elections will be held on 19th June in the state. The office of the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya has conducted an awareness campaign at Iawmusiang in Jowai. voters to vote on the day of polling.
Your Disability Certificate is not available to you.
And if that is true, those civil society organizations should consult with all the people before demanding any demand from the government on behalf of the people.
The use of the word 'Revd' or 'Rev' by religious leaders while their lives are not bright, bright and frightening to look at is extremely dangerous.
They said that the heavy stone was removed by a man named Deng, who saw the heavy stone in the middle of the road while he was walking along the road. At about 5 pm, he went home and took his JCB and moved the stone to the side of the road.
this area.
Moitra also partially withdrew from the investigation, claiming that the questioning procedures affected her personal behaviour.
The foreigners have to produce original documents to prove that they are Indian citizens and have to tell what they came to do, where they stay in Meghalaya and when they leave.
The floods have also damaged five flood prevention buildings in Darrang district, Lakhimpur district and Biswanath Sub-Division.
It depends on the will of the people of the State, whether they are willing to accept the railway line to promote tourism in the State and also to open the gates of the State to facilitate the entry of Foreigners are allowed to enter the state, but with strict rules and regulations.
The purpose of this Act is to give more participation to women as legislators in the States and the country.
Nongpoh, November 14: With concern over the failure of the state government to start the construction of the road within the border areas from 13Mile to Killing, today The Women Wing (WW) of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) has held an indefinite strike at the Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
It is a place of sale and purchase without responsibility.
On the batting side, Pushkar scored a century in the semi final, while Kishlay is one of the best batsmen.
It is time for us to understand and leave the AAP party which is the party of the people, it is the only party that takes seriously to focus on education, health and disease. Healthcare and Employment and Clean Politics, so that the people, poor or rich, can enjoy the same rights as they deserve, as in the states. The AAP Government (Delhi and Punjab) is in power.
Shillong, July 23: The Meghalaya Youth Foundation in collaboration with the Mission Trust, Bawri Netharalaya, Shillong has conducted a free eye check-up camp at Markasa village in Mawthadraishan Block, West Khasi Hills. District on the 21st of this month from 11:30 pm.
This is also one of Kangana's different films and often we will find Kangana changing her acting style in films so that they don't look the same.
Soso Tham was one of the most famous students of Rev. Dr. John Roberts.
I also congratulate the Swachhagrahi – those who work and those we know by other names in different states, who can leave the work to raise awareness and who encourage people to participate in activities related to the proper cleaning and disposal of garbage.
Many of them are young - in their 16s, 17s, 18s, 20s and 30s and are mainly from one religious group.
Three friends donated 20 byrni dewbilat to the school run by the Moolaber Presbyterian Church in the Assam-Meghalaya border area.
The NPP has laid the foundations for the development of the state and its citizens and therefore the people should not believe in such promises.
Saitsohpen, Nailar 9: The lawyer of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Erwin K Sutnga, on Tuesday said that if the government does not stop its illegal activities by grabbing land, within the Saitsohpen District; The District Council shall appeal to the High Court against the decision.
This is the largest exhibition market in the world, attended by countries from all over the world.
The eliminator match of the Super Division will be played on the 30th of this month between Tiehsaw Pengkyllut and Pyndengrei at 1.30 pm.
Cucumber seeds contain antioxidants, which act as forces that fight against inflammation.
This lack of information by the employees to the authorities has put at risk not only the passers-by but also the vehicles that used to fill up the petrol pump and the nearby houses.
The Government has also announced that for trucks carrying less than 9 metric tonnes, the fee for per truck of coal is T.2170 per truck. Those who carry less than 19 metric tons of coal have to pay T.4580 per truck of coal.
In Meghalaya, so far, 44 cases have been confirmed, 18 have recovered and 1 has died.
The reason is to bring them closer to their respective districts and to bring them closer to the farmers.
Look at the past, those who opened the Arithmetic fields had to have children and engineers to get in PWD or MeECL who were strong in Arithmetic and Math, and three months later those who didn't get Arithmetic and Math, these engineers got in their studies.
He expressed his regret over the way the party has given tickets to a person who is not a member of the Congress party.
Wanbiang Suchiang 3' and Niawki Phawa 70'+1 scored the two goals.
“I have contracted the corona virus today with mild symptoms.
Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount has joined Manchester United after signing a five-year contract.
Minister C Kharkongor also said that many ministers have lost confidence in the Syiem because the work is only for profit.
These families include the families of Bah Standling Khriam, Bah Barson Lawai and Bah Dispar Mukhim, residents of Sabuda Village. Meghalaya and Assam.
In connection with the case, police have arrested three persons identified as Richard Wahlang, 30, Kitboklang Marwein, 20 and John Peter Lyngkhoi, of Mawiong, Shillong.
The 20-year-old scored three hat-tricks in the 66th and 40th minutes.
But in the midst of that battle, God had already spoken by saying – “Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling, as the cup of trembling.
Rgh.S Sari, Publicity Secretary, Sengkhihlang, said that the tournament will start at 10 pm at the ground.
There are tens of thousands of government jobs in India reserved for tribals but because of the lack of knowledge of Hindi, Tamil, Bengali, Assamese, etc it is a problem for our people to go to work. outside the State.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has accused the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government of playing with the Saubhagya electricity distribution scheme for the benefit of the people. who are in power.
"“For as long as.
“When I look at the performance of the players, our State has improved significantly in the performance of the players.
We are still asking the owners of the house and the villagers why he was killed.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Four suspected drug traffickers have been arrested by East Khasi Hills Police and seized 9.65 grams of heroin and 23 mobile phones from suspected stolen mobile phones. .
Small vehicles coming from Shillong will enter from Nongkrem Road from Nongkrem to Umphrup. There will be two roads, one to Panhok Square, Parking No 2 near the Umiew River and the other to Umiew Maw-U. -Sam in parking lot No 7 and 8 near the Umiew River.
Speakers at the groundbreaking ceremony spoke of the future benefits and importance of the facility.
The argument here is put before many churches.
Speaking to media, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the award was presented to those prominent leaders of the state led by Dr. Aman War, DHS(MI), Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Dr. Matsiewdor. War Nongbri, Secretary, IPR Department, including four awards to four employees of the Shillong Municipal Board.
In a statement, JYO President Banker Lymba said that the JYO has urged the PWD department not to repair the road by throwing soil and stone. but it shall not be cleansed.
Teachers do not receive the right salary and the salary of employees is also the lowest.
From SSA teachers to Adhoc teachers who demand from the Government to fulfill their rights.
She lost by 4 runs.
Speaking to reporters, VK Paul, a member of the NITI Aayog, said the discussions on the vaccination of children are ongoing. Currently, there are only a few countries that have vaccinated children against covid.
Lyngdoh said that the party wants to gather all the fighters of the rural state and said that there are about 300 volunteers, whom the party has counted so far, but He said that looking at the situation these days, it is necessary to understand among the youth, the sense of ownership and the “If we don't know the past, then we will know how to move forward,” he said. He said the UDP will prepare its election manifesto this time to include the state struggle. soldiers involved at the time.
I hope that all the players in the North East will benefit from this tournament.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that it has opened the second window of the Inter Club Transfer for this season.
Why should we kill our fellow Khasi because the name of the state is the name of the poi-ei and the name of the state does not tell anything about the ethnic groups living in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The KSU Jaintia Hills District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District and submitted a petition demanding the removal of all foreigners who have registered to vote. or EPIC within the district without the approval of the Rangbah Shnong.
Then we will ask if they allow us to ring, now the song of the movie Romeo and Rossy, Paheh and Shereen.
Now what will happen to them? Will the investigation continue or have they been cleansed of all corruption because they have collaborated with the BJP government? Earlier we have seen how those who have been accused of corruption are cleansed when they join the BJP. Perhaps for those NCP MLAs who are Ministers now, the same thing will happen.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The BJP has refused to comment on the appointment and removal of cabinet ministers by the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, on the grounds that it is the household business of the Congress.
He said that the Society is about 15km away from Bhoirymbong, and if any tourists want to stay at the Society, they can inform the leaders of the Society. but on their part they will prepare it in a different way, in a safe place where there will be volunteers.
It is to be recalled that Ferdynald K.Kharkamni, has been arrested on the 18th of this month by the Nongpoh Police Station, after more than 10 months of searching for him. Umiam Police Station has lodged a complaint against the Officer Incharge and Head Constable of the Umiam Police Station on 15th March.
Wagner leader Yevgeny Prigozhin said he had so far captured Rostov-on-Don and Voronezh, two cities that also have strong Russian military bases.
Nongpoh MLA Maralbon Syiem said the government should set a price for synsar to avoid the shortage of traders, while Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh said the government should set a price for synsar to avoid the shortage of traders. To implement adequate measures to assist the farmers, as at present there are only 255 farmers registered with the Agricultural Board in the state.
There will also be shops selling traditional food and beverages prepared without any chemicals, shops selling ashar, musla, items made of siej and others.
Today, Bah Adelbert Nongrum arrived late in court on the charge of parking while four members of the HYC arrived on time.
Featured Image by Teyssier Gwenaelle from Pixabay.
The KSU said that this highway has been destroyed and filled with only potholes which endanger the traffic, but the NHAI has done nothing to repair or fill the potholes which have been filled with water. vehicles from large to small.
Is this the NDA Government's action or what are the reasons? Or is the demand to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution unfounded? This is an important issue that the citizens have to ask questions to the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government which has been working with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Delhi so far.
“For 50 years, the Khasi people have been merely vendors and doorkeepers in Marwari shops.
Nongstoiñ, June 3: The FKJGP and KSU West Khasi Hills District led by John Fisher Nongsiang and Chandra Nongdkhar on Saturday inspected the work of the FKJGP. of the Nongstoin-Sohpian road, sanctioned by the National Highway PWD (Road) Meghalaya at a cost of Rs 8,94,95,3
The court has suspended Meghalaya and Punjab, saying that Punjab is the state with the largest number of Sikhs but they want to be recognized as minorities. and Nagaland are also the states with the largest number of Christians. Can we say that the Christians in these states are the least paid?
The Butchers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) has decided to resume the sale of beef from 3rd November.
Phing himself said that the support for Ma Vincent Pala is good in Mawhati, Nongpoh and Umsning; He said that Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang has not supported the Congress candidate and only MDC James Sylliang has worked hard for Vincent Pala.
“Regarding this issue, the union has lodged a complaint with the District Medical Health Officers against the doctors because the union has received a complaint from a patient that the doctors have spoken too much. Wei patient.
Any religion helps to draw man closer to God.
PFR scored the first goal in the first half 2-0 and in the second half North East United turned the tide in the second half. by 2 goals and in the middle of this match reached the score until the end of the second half.
“The emergence of the Voice of People Party (VPP) will not affect KHNAM because we have our own foundation, we have put one part if we contest the election that we should not be afraid. KHNAM is a political party but as a movement it is strong because it speaks and works for five years on the issues of the country and the nation”.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the youth who led the district in the Meghalaya Games 2022 and who brought prizes through their victories as well as the two “Of course they didn't win but their participation encourages them to work harder,” he said.
At the meeting, the party decided not to allow foreigners and Nepalis to convert themselves to the Khasi community, and the party said that this is just a trick. of them to live in this state.
The union said that the Rangbah Shnong has promised to use force if anyone dares, and alleged that this is an attempt to take the village back to the Stone Age.
For the rural villages, the district administration has arranged with them in the same manner and the Block Development Officers/Zonal Team Leaders together with the Waheh Shnongs will ensure the smooth running of the ration distribution.
The Cell will help the refugees to regain a new life by providing training.
On behalf of the Union, we send our best wishes to these youngsters who will take part in this biggest tournament in the North East.
At the same time, the DIG has warned the people who donate or support the HNLC that one day they will never escape from the shackles of the law.
“The ban on coal mining has not affected the party, as the party has its own fundraising, our troops are trained to fight and prepared in emergency,” he said. back to the statement.
This was stated by Bah Paul in reply to the Zero Hour Notice submitted by Bah Adelbert Nongru, MLA North Shillong today which is the last day of the Synrai Dorbar.
Those interested in participating can submit their details to the MFA office at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Shillong or by email in Meghalaya.
The KSU also demanded that the announcement should be withdrawn immediately and if the department fails to do so, the KSU will take action for the benefit of the people of the state.
As a sign of support to the school in relation to its preparation to lead it to Delhi to compete in this tournament, Mr. Wailad promised to donate up to 50,000 tyngka.
However, later, when the residents informed the Nongpoh Police Station and with the help of the residents, the police have arrested the suspect and he is still under investigation.
There are other parts of the world that have seen a decline in hunger and starvation, including South America and more in Asia.
“The Government of India and the Government of Bangladesh have agreed to allow those villages within this 150 yard boundary to be cut from the boundary stone, but in other areas where there are no villages, the signboard will be 150 yards. from the Zero Line and nothing else can be discussed,” he said.
“In connection with the important decision, our government has decided to set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) in the state for the first time to investigate the ownership of the illegal possession of property or transfer to others in an illegal manner.
The society we live in today doesn't have a sense of belonging to each other, it is a society that knows only itself, and is quick to point fingers at others without knowing the exact cause or reason.
At the time of writing, the cause of the incident is still unknown.
About Dr. Hosterson Kylla, he graduated from the Central Agriculture University in 2015 with a PhD in Veterinary Microbiology and is the first person in Meghalaya to graduate with a PhD.
In Umiam, the rainfall was 42.0mm today and 2.4mm today.
The Mahua Municipality in Bhavnagar, Gujarat, has launched an initiative to free the area from the use of plastic.
“If the government continues to shut down the MCCL, the MLA of Sohra should take responsibility for this and should resign as MLA to express his strong opposition. HNLC General Secretary and Publicity Secretary Sainkupar Nongtraw said in a statement.
But worse months and years are ahead of us and this will affect even the upper classes of society.
After this, the Secretary invited Bah Shanbor to deliver a speech before the Dorbar.
Thomas said that even various government departments do not follow the announcement issued once every six months by the Labor Commissioner's office. Such actions, the union will lodge a complaint in writing with the Labor office so that they can take the necessary action.
This is the bye election.
Only government employees will benefit.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Khliehriat today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of June 2024 in Khliehriat.
In the women's category on the 14th, Shakina Academy beat Touchline Basketball Academy 52-15 points.
“It would have been better for those two parties who have complained to meet with the leaders first and we will explain,” he said.
It was suggested that doctors could go home to see these patients.
All the MDCs who attended the meeting, when we read for a while, we immediately rejected, when we saw that this job was sent from Delhi. , you have a terrible dress behind you.
Other projects include the construction of 130 Model Anganwadi Centers (T.300 crore) and the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme at a cost of T.895 crore.
Speaking to reporters, AL Hek said the state government is aware of the incident and said, “We are ready to fight against any intimidation”.
They beat I-League club Prayag United earlier.
This means that the MLAs who are in the government will suffer while the people or their supporters in the losing constituencies will suffer.
In a statement, the SSSU through its president Bah Elend Mynthlu expresses its full support to the KSU-EJHD Unit in connection with this protest for the immediate repair of the NH road. -6 that it may be for the benefit of many churches.
“The Board will be the body that will work with new schemes to be launched by the central government,” she said.
Speaking on the 17th of this month, Bah Adelbert said, “Don't take your visit to my house as a surrender in front of me. I will resign from the post of President not because I am in front of you, but we will take this step to revive in order to give hope and peace that the country needs very much and that it will be a source of encouragement to them. foreigners are righteous.
“We are pleased that this leader should put the interest of the minority community first before making these statements,” said FKJGP Garo Hills Zone General Secretary Raksrang A Sangma. .
Regarding the destruction of wildlife, Bah W.Thongni, one of the leaders of the Rwiang Area Wildlife Protection Association, said that from time to time the Association has warned that it is not right to kill wildlife. Wildlife, fish, birds and all the living things in the area have fled because of the excessive smoke from the factory.
Other speakers included BK Lyngwa, Director of Shillong Club Hector Marweiñ and WS Manners.
“The letter has been prepared to be sent to the Prime Minister for discussions in Delhi and after that, it will help the government to take measures to prevent the voting of foreigners. I'm from this state,” he said.
Shillong, October 8: The Border Security Force (BSF) has discovered a crematorium on the Bangladesh border in Gujangpara.
The Representative shall also be responsible for the production of the funds.
The KSU has decided to close down the toll gate after the five day deadline for foreign workers to provide the necessary documents such as work permit for workers and trading has expired. license.
Shillong, July 23: “Don't worry, you journalists, you write news that you don't get anything” were the words of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit. Speaking to reporters before the start of the debate in the KHADC dorbar, which was held today on the issue of election of a Syiem in Malaisohmat.
“It is not known exactly on what date the video was made, when it was shot,” he said. “It is too early to say anything and we have asked for clarification from the complainants”.
He said that the music and singing in him personally is that there are songs that are heartwarming and joyful to the soul.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that as it is now, it is our duty to protect and improve this bridge which we have inherited.
For the whole earth is mine.
As a result, the relationship between mother and daughter has become a little distant.
The situation has deteriorated regarding the use of drugs, with some people no longer willing to inject drugs in public places in Shillong.
He said that the area is far from the more urban places where there are no banks like Bhoirymbong which is more than 50 km away from Meghalaya.
However, Lumdiengjri SC responded through Robin Pnar in the 32nd minute before Nick Roy Syiem scored the winner in the 39th minute.
"If necessary we will seek RTI, I am sure that the government cannot hide and if the government hides it means that the government is hiding the money of the people somewhere we don't know," he said. he added.
The Lynx is another band in Jowai which has been established for a long time and has participated in various events such as the Hornbill Festival and other events around the Northeast. She has also taken part in Beat Contests and has won prizes from these beat contests.
The states where Krishna Kumar has led his mother are Karela, Tamilnadu, Paundachery, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Tilangana, Maharashtra, Goa, Chattisgar, Orissa, Jharkan, Bihar, West Bengal, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Chinese border and Tripura. Meghalaya.
San Francisco: With the coming of the New Year, WhatsApp will no longer work on millions of old mobile phones, as the company no longer works on these old phones.
Speaking earlier, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani said that as an organization that fights for many issues for the sake of the nation, it also looks after the welfare of the youth by organizing various sports events so that they can young people will not become addicted to alcohol.
The loss of lives will be even more painful if those who die are parents, which means that in a moment, the children become orphans.
Mukesh Rai (27) and Elchiang Ch Momin (10) added 407 runs for Meghalaya while Sikkim needed 380 runs to win.
Meanwhile, Reeth Rishya, another PSPB player, defeated Anannya Basak 11-6, 5-11, 11-8, 11-7
Dr.D.Hinge, Doctor in Charge of Nangbah PHC and other elders of Nangbah PHC.
When asked whether there is any involvement of the people of this area, Bah Edmund said that he does not know but when he was the leader of the Sengbhalang, they went to investigate but you have signed a Sub Contract.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the rules allow the Governor to speak in Hindi.
Shillong, Lber 5: Ka Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma to inform him about the delay in the Civil Services Training Centre.
“They have to go for training and they have to be trained more on how to shoot because the throwing of stunt grenades is unacceptable,” said Bah Dkhar.
Sources said that the 144CrPC has been imposed because in the past few days, the Prime Minister has been threatened by groups carrying flags, placards and shouting slogans against him. go to be the guest speaker to the meeting.
The Holy Relic of St. John Paul II, the Pope who visited Shillong in June 1986, will be in the Shillong Cathedral. and the celebration of the Holy Mass from the 2nd to the 5th of January.
This was witnessed today when the Dorbar Shnong Nongsder, in collaboration with the Swatchh Bharat Mission, Ri Bhoi District, held a The Social Awareness Gathering, at Madan Shnong Nongsder, was also part of the awareness campaign on the importance of cleanliness in these days.
Former Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie has been appointed as the Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Development Reforms Commission (SDRC) in Category A. Evaluation on 15th June.
Rishab Shetty's selection to address the UNHRC is on how to curb deforestation, protect the environment and other issues.
The Government cannot appoint them anymore because there are no sanction posts available in all the LP schools for those who have passed the written and personal interview.
In our view, we have two ways to prevent the decline of the country and the nation:1
Participating in a Short Duration Discussion on the peace and stability in the state, Bah Process said, “You have seen the strong protests from the Sur ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, The KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, HYC have demanded that the police involved in the shooting death of Bah Cherish should be punished and dismissed. Cherish's family to demand a CBI investigation into the incident to reveal the truth.
“I too have children and a future as well,” said Skei, an animal that is attacked by mankind for destruction.
“Continue, son, tell me, don't hide it so that I can understand...” Niakha urged. “This makes me not want to live anymore here on earth...” said Rida.
The Minister together with the officers also distributed strawberry seedlings to encourage the farmers to turn to this promising agriculture to increase their income.
Shillong, June 05: The All Regional Parties Alliance (ARPA) has urged the Governor of Meghalaya to order to convene a special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for the election of the new Chief Executive Member (CEM). Council.
Those who sell goods will be punished.
“We don't have to teach in the same way as we used to do 30 years ago, because the times have changed we have to use different technologies according to the passage of time and the changing times,” she said. and the use of smart classes, Kong Suzan said that in fact this has been a good opportunity for teachers to teach in the new era and methods to the students. however, she said that technology is still lacking in schools and educational institutions.
Shillong, Ïaïong 04: As part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the birth of another civil society organization which stands to fight for the welfare of the society and the nation as a whole , the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO), on the 2nd of June 2022, participated in a football tournament with a group of journalists under the umbrella of the Shillong Press. Club (SPC).
The KHNAM has said that the MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai and the MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah AL Hek do not have the authority to appoint Rangbah Shnong. .
This attitude of gratitude to nature for the fertility of the land is something that unites us as Khasi of the land of Hynniewtrep.
Please think about the plight of the people of this area.
West Garo Hills has 56 cases and West Jaintia Hills has 60 cases.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) EJHD Unit together with the village leaders have expressed their opposition to the NHAI's plan to seek permission to start collecting revenue at the Toll Plaza in Lumshnong. to repair the road that has been damaged.
Besides, the union demanded that the hospital needs an ambulance as there is a shortage of EMRI 108 vehicles according to the number of patients.
The Minister said that the purchase and distribution of sheep should be done according to the direction of the relevant authorities.
Besides the VPP, the UDP, the NPP and the Congress will contest the 2024 MDC elections.
“We have been detained for two nights and three days in this clean place where people live in crime.
In the distribution of food and beverages, the PMGKAY scheme has been extended from November 2020 to November 2020, while the Atma Nirbhar Bharat Package (ANBP) scheme has been extended until April. 2020.
Even today, no scientists from the countries of the world can admit that they have found a cure that can completely prevent this disease, but what we need to do is To follow the guidelines of the government through the Health Department to stay clean, wash your hands regularly with soap and water or hand sanitizer, use face masks , stay away from each other, avoid going to places where people are gathered, avoid shaking hands, don't go to any place if you don't need it, and don't clean up after yourself. they came to their own works.
The PDF party has decided to withdraw from the bye election in the constituency as it has announced that it is no longer useful to contest as the term/tenure of the MLAs is coming to an end. ten and a half years.
They immediately gave back as much money as needed with the promise to pay as soon as the Government released the money.
There was also a threat of revoking the rights of Scheduled Tribes for Christians which would be a violation of the rights of the indigenous citizens of the country according to the Constitution of India.
" He continued, “But one thing remains constant: the freedom of man — to choose his path in any circumstances— to choose his path.
The Executive Engineer has informed the JSU that NHIDCL will soon call a tender for the repair of the road, said JSU Shillong Circle General Secretary Request Pakma and JSU War Jaintia President Eddy Kerry Pohtam.
Therefore, besides the fact that the election of the leaders is not far away and at the same time in order to encourage the supporters of the Congress Party in the Constituency, it is time for the Party leaders to announce “It's a good idea to have a ticket, so that it doesn't cause trouble to the fans,” he added.
This was announced by Dr Pramod Sharma, a doctor at Pratiksha Hospital, Guwahati who is specially trained in the field of in-vitro fertilization (IVF) test tube baby and genetic.
On the threat to put it in the MPDA, Bah Eldie said, “Stop the intimidation, we don't care.
The existence of this dewbilatt factory has boosted the economy of the entire area.
The Seng also recalls that in the incident which happened on that day, the police had shot and lathi without forgiveness even the women and children, after being threatened and threatened by two employees of the police. Topcem company as evidenced by videos circulating on social media.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Delina Khongdup said that this victory is due to the participation of all especially the family, the organization, the village and all the loved ones who have lost their lives. support it to achieve this goal and especially to God the Creator.
“It is surprising to see that there are many residents who turn political issues by accusing 40 types of MLAs of parties who went to support the government for not saying anything. on the request of Mr. Ardent.
He said that Shallang Police Station has conducted a thorough investigation into the case of these two women and on the part of these two women they have said that they have hidden many weapons such as suloi, bullets and other weapons. grenades, VHF sets, and others in a forest in Rongcheng and said that these weapons and documents belonged to the United People's Revolutionary Alliance (UPRA). ).
However, he did not hesitate to train and compete and this time for the fourth time he passed the examination.
On the 18th, she met with the Regional Manager in Nongstoin.
“After receiving the pictures, they immediately conducted an inspection and found that they were pictures of toilets which all the players were asked not to use.
At the point when the amount is nearly exhausted, the meter will give an indication that the amount is low and a refill is required.
In the second half, Brolington Warlarpih shot from a free-kick from the box.
Victorealness Syiemlieh is a retired Assistant Director of Nurses from Rangthong Village, South West Khasi Hills. Droupadi Murmu received the National Florence Nightingale Award 2021 from the President of India on 7th November at Rashthra Bhawan, New Delhi for her outstanding achievements. populations in the medical and social sector for health.
Jowai, Lber 25: Chanki Langbang has been elected as the full Dolloi of Shangpung District and Salong Lamare has been elected as the full Dolloi of Nartiang District in the Dalloi election held by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. District Council (JHADC).
In fact, the parents and students who are standing in line should have gone together and met the Minister of Education to inform him of what is happening so that he can do something. it is not in your power.
HM Shangpliang of the NPP has received more than 3.70 lakh votes.
This Act is to prevent the influx of people into the state.
It is also the time to get big, ride a car and choose any expensive car of your choice.
The match will be broadcast tonight on Sony Sports Network Channels – Sony Six, Sony Ten 1, Sony Ten 3 and Sony Ten 4 in India.
The training was conducted in collaboration with NEIAH Shillong at the Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu Assembly Hall.
While Lano was sleeping, she dreamed that Bah Deng had come to meet her.
All vehicles coming from Jongksha and Lad Kharang areas, will pass through the PWD road to the venue where the traffic police and volunteers will assist and point out the parking spaces provided by the church. Noise.
The SP said that many of the necessary equipment have been delivered to strengthen the search operation.
Shillong, November 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government's inability to distribute M-Tabs to students in 2015 and 2016 is due to the problems faced by the state government. suddenly a financial crisis that came without thinking.
He said that in the past six years, Manipur has been free from blockades, roadblocks and bloodshed and under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister N. Biren Singh, The second phase of the Government of Manipur has achieved unprecedented growth in all parts of the state.
Teilinia said she has no problem in resigning if there are valid reasons why she is not able to conduct the dorbar.
In the past few days, the attack on the residents of War Jaintia by the BSF has been excessive. In fact, the BSF should have checked the entry and exit of Bangladeshis, instead of to see that the Bangladeshis are disturbing the villages and announcing to the people of India.
This is a strong condemnation of the MOU and the failure of the Regional Committee to examine the land before submitting a report to the government that many of the land in Meghalaya has gone to Assam. Hima, Raid and the residents of these border villages.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The influx of foreigners who used to come to NEIGRHIMS every day by Night Super buses has shocked and surprised the people and most of these foreigners are said to be Muslims.
Shillong: The District Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2019 has come to an end.
The Siliguri-based group has international ties and there are currently about 200 jobs at the Peugeot 208, Citroen C3 factory of Stellantis, Slovakia. 63,000 to 72,000 tyngka per month and you don't have to pay more if you work harder or smarter.
“We are very grateful to the present State Government for strengthening the MRSSA and also to those who created the MRSSA, we will continue to announce them.
However, having a strong law and visionary rulers makes the city run smoothly.
The search operation was led by Bah Pherbak Marwein, Circle Inspector of Umiam PS and other policemen from Umiam and Mawlasnai. It is also learned that at the time when the Police of Ri Bhoi, went to search these vehicles, no one was found to be stealing and they were able to rescue them. However, when the Ri Bhoi Police, the Assam Police, called for a meeting with the Ri Bhoi Police, they did not find any incident. for both the cases, they have agreed between the police.
He said the ban on beef is a religious act of the BJP, as it is the free will of the people to eat according to their wishes.
However, after he had protested alone, the government issued a notice that the Rules of the Act have been drafted since 5th March, 2015 and published in the Meghalaya Gazette on the same day. day.
Bah Bless also asked Bah Adelbert who those organizations are when they reach the Secretariat, those issues that affect the nation disappear.
At this time, you should make sure that you don't have too much or too little water.
Shillong: The office bearers of the Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) have met with the Chief Secretary of the State on Tuesday morning, 2nd June 2021 at his office with a request to the relevant authorities. to consider as soon as possible for the extension of SoPs relating to places of worship.
However, suddenly on the 17th the child disappeared at 7 pm.
Therefore, we need to urgently improve this road from one to 2 vehicles at the same time, in order to provide greater convenience to the people of this area or the farmers.
This communication comes through family members.
Indeed, Jesus came to save man from sin and hellfire.
It was witnessed that the rainfall caused the ground to collapse, which caused the sudden collapse of the stone wall that was erected during the construction of the house.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the owner of Mawphanlur, Bah Boni Lyngkhoi, said that as of now, people have become more aware of Mawphanlur and they have started to flock to Mawphanlur. dozens of vehicles every day and more on weekends.
The MDC said that the CEM should take action to talk to the government and also to ensure that the land auctioned by the council falls within the state boundary, so that it will not cause problems to the people of the border area.
Tengton R. Sangma is the Headmaster of an Upper Primary School in Rangsahpara.
Therefore, the Federation has decided to propose a salary increase of T.18,000 to all Adhoc School teachers according to the grades they teach.
Jowai, June 01: The Seiñkynthai Committee, Jowai today held a training program and honored Delina Khongdup, Member of the National Commission for Women, Jowai.
If the government does not take action, we will show it by our actions and if anything bad happens, both Assam and Meghalaya will have to take responsibility,” said KS Suchiang.
Speeches were also delivered by World Champion Paliar, MDC Bajop Pyngrope, MDC Lamphrang Blah, MLA Rakkam Sangma and others.
He thanked all the political parties who have supported him and especially the people of Garo Hills.
In the first two months of 2016-17, the loss was T.152.23 crore.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today strongly condemned the attack by the police on the protesters. on the construction of a dewbilat factory in Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills.
When he went to visit the villagers after a few months, he found that the land was shared between the Bhoi Khasi and the Bhoi Meghalaya.
Referring to this issue, Ma Vincent H. Pala MP from Shillong Seat, said, “I see that people are now turning to the Congress.
The male candidates are Indrash M Marak from Rangsakona, Pangseng R Marak from Dalu, Witjeng N Sangma from Dadenggre, Thoseng Cheba A Sangma from Raksamgre, Jhimcarter M Sangma from Gambegre and Ballengsing Ch.
Shembor Langrin Secretary HYC Mawthadraishan Circle, while talking to reporters, said that the meeting with the HYC Mawthadraishan Circle was successful, as he promised them that he will be able to visit soon. survey the road and when the surveyors have completed, he will send a proposal to the government to take the necessary action.
They help build ideas and expand one’s horizons.
Even if we count less than 100 liters of petrol from one truck, it will be about 10,000 liters per day and if we count only 300 days out of 365 days a year, the loss of petrol pump owners will not be Petrol and Diesel at T.90 per liter (Petrol T.98/- per liter and Diesel T.87/- per litre) , which he also called the 'Multi Crore Racket'
He worked with Sharma for 1 year and 3 months.
In the past, during the traffic jam, the traffic jam has increased every day but after the opening of the Shillong Bypass, the traffic jam has increased every day.
In the evening, a meeting was held with traditional programs at TTAADC Park where those who took part in the meeting explained the topics discussed at the meeting.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC banning vehicles carrying excessive limits and ordering them to comply with the rules and regulations.
We are very fortunate to have an MDC who takes care of this issue,” he said.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister also led the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling to meet the Union Minister of Urban Affairs, Hardeep Singh Puri.
“The second decision we took today at the meeting is that those tourists and tourist attractions in East Khasi Hills District will be closed until on the 30th of this month".
Similarly, the majority religious group uses violence and forces others to accept its faith and religion.
Shillong, July 25: In East Khasi Hills alone, there are more than 11,000 new voters.
The village leaders have demanded that the district administration should immediately relocate the army camp from the village.
The number of cases of covid-19 in Nagaland has risen to 201 with three new cases reported today, including two from Kohima and one from Dimapur.
It is in such cases that new things have to come and happen, otherwise life and the world will become poor and desolate.
It is time to bring about changes in the way elections are held.
“I would like to urge the students of Meghalaya studying in Manipur and their parents not to worry and to be calm.
On Monday 2 November, the indoor games of the Parish will start.
These groups must have a Transport Permit to transport passengers.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday directed the state government to find ways and means to acquire new land for the construction of a new airport in the state.
The Khasi lyngwiar dpei was built with the knowledge of not being at home.
He had a special love for the Eucharist and the Most Holy Sacrament of the altar and a great love for Mary Magdalene and Don Bosco and other Saints. death.
For those who seek counsel, he is ready to give clear, upbuilding, and encouraging counsel.
Shillong: The judge of the National Investigating Agency (INA) has ordered the leaders of the National Investigating Agency (INA) to appear for trial.
District President BJP South West Khasi Hills Bah Reston Myrthong who said that the society needs the youth for the future of the country was also present. well and they should unite.
Both these two Corona Care Centers have been a great help and have worked well for the residents of Jaiaw Laitdom and since the establishment of these Corona Care Centers it has been a great blessing. can reduce the spread of Covid-19 within the entire village.
On the other hand, the Vice-President of AASU Dibrugarh Unit, Anjan Neog, said that the AASU Dibrugarh Unit is very pleased that the people of the area especially the farmers have contributed to the AASU. for the fight against the CAA
Shillong, July 09: The price distribution scheme of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress Leader Sonia Gandhi, which is intended to be implemented before the 2014 elections, has been confirmed. it will not be possible, as they promised earlier, to be implemented in the State, in November
The Indian Super League (ISL) has signed 18-year-old Khasi youngster Halen Nongtdu.
He said that by organizing this competition, it will showcase the talents of the youth and women with the hope that they will not only end up in Mawkynew but will also be able to lead in the big stages. in the city of Shillong.
Therefore, “the people have expressed that from now on they don't want Syiem Nangtei Syiemïong to come back to the throne but they want another Syiem”, said Bah BH Syiemïong.
Speaking on the occasion, Rajendra Chamaria, Vice Chairman and Managing Director, Star Cement, said that Star Cement has always dedicated itself to serve the people of the state in times of need.
Similarly, the UDP led by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, which has 11 MLAs and has joined hands with the VPP, Congress, TMC and PDF with 26 MLAs, will still need the support of the party. other MLAs from other political parties to form a government.
It has also pioneered innovations in sanitation, carbon credits, digital technology and public spaces.
The Minister said that the tournament will also open the door for them to join hands with the countries of South East Asia.
The voice of the people in front of the District Council is that if Bah Ardent is removed from office, they will show their signs of protest by closing down their shops, even if they have to close down. by the moon spirit.
Urging those who oppose the introduction of foreign workers within the boundary of the village, the Rangbah Shnong said, “Come forward, ask what you need and if you want to ask anyone Therefore, I would like to ask you to come in the right direction but not to come and not to do so is a threat to our people who are outside our state.
Rangdajied are now in first place after scoring 15 points from three games this season and are sure to qualify for the semifinals.
I am confident that if the people give their trust back to the NPP, there are many things that the party will do for the betterment of the state,” said Bah Teibor.
“Out of the states in the North East, Meghalaya is the state which has implemented the PMGSY scheme well from the Central Government,” said Bah Tynsong. Thursday.
The two parties will not accept this action of the Government along the India-Bangladesh border in War Jaintia.
Therefore, the CORP Sengkmie strongly requests the Government of Meghalaya to take action to provide any assistance to these farmers who have lost their crops due to the damage caused by the Hati. At the same time, they requested the Wildlife Department to monitor such incidents in all the areas where such incidents are frequent as such incidents will affect the farmers.
The Jowai Unitarian Choir led by Bah Aiban Manbha Shullai also performed “Ki Sngi Old B'la Leit” and “Remember My Mother and Father”.
God gave the kingdom back to David son of Jesse.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hamletson Dohling said that the PDF Party in Nongstoiñ has the hope of reviving the party once again because the PDF has emerged on strong foundations and has also raised the party. “To serve the nation, we need many participants from the Sengbhalang and others but to achieve the challenges faced by the nation, only the Political parties through the leaders because they have to pass laws in the House and also in the Secretariat”.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (JJLA) led by its President, Bah Lamchwa Dong, has lodged a letter of complaint with the Manager of Jio Network. The complaint has been submitted to the Jio Center Manager, Pebam Laigam of the Jio Center in Ladthadlaboh. Jio has been given seven days to install the network in the area.
Rupang: Do you pay those players who go around with you? From shooting, to creating or editing the videos, do you do it yourself, or do you have employees? How many employees do you have so far and do you pay salaries or do you pay according to the needs? SL: From writing stories, camera man director and editing I do it myself, about the artists, I pay the salaries. long beat only when needed.
Please do it while you have time, we have three months left, until 11.11.2
The Bible is like a strong meat, Hebrews 5:12-1
Bah Hannaman rushed to Garo Hills to see for himself the situation and met with the district officials.
She said that before issuing the pata, she had lodged a complaint with the Acting Syiem that he should not issue the pata because the land belongs to her, but the Acting Syiem did not listen and expelled her from the office. his.
He said that except for the 25th when the Seng Bhalang called for a Non Cooperation Movement to protest against the incident, all these things have been going smoothly and all these are the behavior and dignity of the people of the country. West Jaintia Hills and on this occasion, the DC would like to extend his special greetings to the residents of West Jaintia Hills.
God created man in His own image to live in peace on this earth. We should not use swords or sticks to kill each other. it is not a battlefield.
It may be recalled that on the 17th, the Enforcement Police of KHADC had visited Laban and Laitumkhrah to close down foreign shops without Trading Licence. Latiplang Kharkongor said that the plan to close down foreign shops without licenses in Laban has failed due to the clash between the MLA/MDC of the area, Sanbor Shullai. Sanbor said they have to inform him and the village authorities first.
Before taking the body from Umroi Laban Saro, Ri Bhoi District, various groups took part in the last rites of the remains of Bah Sumar, one of the leading leaders of the the Khasi Mother Association.
Nongstoiñ, March 1: The residents of the border areas with Assam, have faced serious problems in transportation, illness and walking due to the lack of transportation. good roads to their villages.
“The Committee has also directed the political parties that if you say that if they say to remove any word from the Reservation Policy, you have to explain why it is necessary to remove it. “We cannot just say or say, because the Reservation Policy is not under the Constitution,” she said.
“I went to a crowded meeting yesterday and so I want to test myself before I resume my acting career,” said Himanshi.
However, the lockdown is based on the circumstances of the outbreak of COVID-19 and if the number of cases of COVID-19 continues to rise, the government will not end the curfew.
Nongpoh, March 19: The Snohktilang Village Organization Umtamur-Umsehkhlieng, which includes 7 SHGs, has inaugurated the full office of the VO. It is important to improve the activities of the VO especially to provide services to the women.
Mukul said the government has recently appointed 16 persons who have allocated land for the implementation of the project. Greater Shillong Water Supply.
There are 51,379 people undergoing treatment and 49,346 people who have recovered.
After completing all the necessary arrangements for the body, the body was shifted to the morgue of the hospital for identification.
Juliana Warjri 32kg Female Mawlai Umjaur,
It is also an affiliated unit of the Meghalaya Football Association, which still exists and operates today.
Jyntru scored the first goal of the match in the 33rd minute through a Monush Lapang header.
The party also congratulated all the four candidates for reaching the goal.
“They have raised the most important demand to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Stressing that it is necessary to recognize the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule to enrich it in the state, Bah Banteidor, who is also the Minister of Sports, said: say that there is also an advantage to knowing how to speak many words.
In East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases and in West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases.
Earlier, Bah KP Pangiang said it is not the time for the government to implement the Bill and it should wait until the end of 2019 for the current MDC term.
During the investigation, he confessed that he committed the crime against the child at his residence and later he threw her into a well near the village.
It is for this reason that all the government run companies have failed, from MeECL to MCCL. The government has a stake in MCCL which is a coal mining and converting company.
These markets include the Farmer's Market 5th Mile Upper Shillong and the Farmers Market Umdiengpun 7th Mile Upper Shillong.
We forget that such actions are against the laws of God and the Constitution of India.
She was also wearing a Rongktieh Kurta and shorts.
Contact number for any questions: Shri J.Rymmai.
The court also said that the state would do well to clean and revive the water wells in and around the city especially the streams and rivers which have begun to become polluted and turned into bih.
For this reason, in relation to the election of leaders to this special body of the Constitution of India, it is better if the electorate should set some necessary and important positions with the following in mind. issues that affect the future of the nation.
Recently, the Mawryngkang Dorbar has been criticized by the district administration for the punishment of Bah Noping Khongsit for killing eight people on charges of being a men aiksuid.
There are some states in India, such as Gujarat in 2017, Karnataka in 2018, Madhya Pradesh in 2018 and Rajasthan in 2018 where NOTA received the most votes. show that the people do not accept the candidates nominated by various political parties or those who stand as candidates without parties.
The Meghalaya football team came second in the 76th National Football Championship for the Hero Santosh Trophy last year.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Minus Sakra, the owner of the land and Rangbah Shnong of Amphreng, said that the people from Assam are still mining shyiap in the river. The Forest Department has come to inspect the shyiap mining in the Umïam River.
When you have to travel to other states where there are other ethnic groups, you cannot help but feel comforted when you see that these ethnic groups have learned to respect and love their own language. Even if they have stood in their bodies with that precious human knowledge, but when they sit and talk among themselves, they don't speak a word or utter foreign words. , this is not an example for a nation, it will have to follow the example to preserve its own language.
“After the dorbar, we will resume the meeting to discuss the border settlement, where there will be a thorough consultation with the people and groups,” he said.
The BSF said that they have set up a special team to intensify the fight against the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh at various border areas.
(Isaiah 7:10–16).
The ceremony was held at the JYF office in Mookyrdup on Tuesday in the presence of JYF President Ombormi Tariang and other members of JYF from various units and circles.
The GNLA also alleged that the ruling Congress in GHADC has been too quick to pass the Bill just for the sake of power and personal gain.
Those coming from War Jaintia and Jowai will enter the road from Lad Pasyh, Mynsoo, Samatan to Barato.
There will also be a prize of 1000 Euros for the gold medal winners, 500 Euros for the silver medal winners and 250 Euros for the bronze medal winners in the women's paragliding category if there are at least 8 players. who took part in India.
The ceremony was also attended by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem.
The match today 13th March, 2023 will be between Moosalangkat FC and Sohmynting at 2 pm.
However, it was only after Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, took action and ordered that they should no longer charge tax on synsar, from November 2019, that all The toll gates did not collect money from the chariots.
“According to our information, the shortage of electricity bill payers is from Garo Hills and it is surprising why the Minister of Electricity intends to auction only the land in Ri Khasai and Jaintia while the Garo Hills has not shown anything and this shows the Minister's bias,” said Bah Nongsiang.
Meanwhile, Phrangki Buam has joined Real Kashmir on loan from FC Goa.
Meghalaya's implementation of forecasting and preparedness has led to a closer look at the need to strengthen health facilities and subsequently, the state has taken steps to empower health facilities to that they can cope with any challenge.
“Maybe we can resolve this issue this year.
On Friday and Thursday, many communities of Rio Grande do Sul witnessed heavy rain and wind, including even the city of Porto Alegre and it was said that this was the most severe disaster from the destruction of the forces of nature in this country.
This time the camp was organized in collaboration with Mr. Parag Choudhary and Genesis Laboratory, Kolkata to provide a Bone Mineral Density Camp to the women and the elderly.
On this occasion, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar laid the foundation stone of the monument to Sngap Singh Syiem.
He said that compared to the nine years from 2005-06 to 2013-14 and 2014-15 to 2022-23, the allocation of T.35,858 crore to the SDRF has now reached T. 04,704 crore.
The road maintenance in the area was donated by this candidate.
Therefore, the Seng fully supports the Dorbar Shnongs of these villages who have unanimously demanded the immediate removal of these CRPF camps, so that such incidents will not happen again. “It is to restore peace and stability in the area,” said Samla Melajied Khongbuh, Publicity Secretary KSU Jaiaw Circle.
The Panaliar Dorbar Shnong, according to their information, has also met with their MLA, who is also the Second Chief Minister of the state, Dr. RC Laloo to inform him. However, they said that he too has promised to take action and bring about their needs.
I'm not sure what to do.
Parom says that on a bright moonlit night in Pohlarat, a farmer was plowing a field of rice in a hut on a tree top.
He said that if the Winter Capital and Additional Secretariat are brought to Garo Hills, it will also bring development to these areas which still need a lot of development works.
He said that the drivers of commercial vehicles are no longer able to earn their living and this has affected them a lot.
Then he began to speak evil.
KSU Mawlai Circle President Biangbor Paliar said that the OC of Lumdiengjri has informed them that the OC of Lumdiengjri has been involved in the incident. He called the SP and police arrested the OC Traffic Branch, Lumdiengjri.
Following the news that the BJP will return to power in Delhi, several Hindu religious organizations have prepared a 40-day meeting on 27th June with the theme of to amend the Constitution and to declare India a Hindu State or Hindu Rashtra.
The price at Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ depots will be Rs.78.00 per litre, while the price at Shangpung outlet will be Rs.83.00 per litre.
Last Sunday, Napoli played against Genoa; On that day, 17 players of the team tested positive for the corona virus.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said the government's decision to extend the retirement of Rajiv Mehta shows a bad sign as it shows that there are no other more qualified officers. him.
Israeli army spokesman Jonathan Conricus said troops were on the ground firing at Hamas positions and then the air force, which was providing air support; however, in another statement, the IDF denied that it had deployed ground troops to fight Hamas.
Shillong, November 10: “I have already felt a sense of pride,” said Bah Pran Jala, Vice President of the Nongshat Nongkhein Association.
However, there are cases when women who are older and more intelligent take the lead in their families, especially if there are no men who are more intelligent.
While these children were eating, Kni and Bhalang also went out to eat and brought along with them a book of Psalms to sit in prayer together.
According to the announcement by the Minister, all those with disabilities who have received the syrnod as disabled should receive this benefit but some offices of the Child Development Project Officer (CDPO) do not accept those who have received the syrnod. anna members under 18 years of age.
“All trucks are not allowed to pass through this road as it can cause damage to the road.
In this regard, he said that the union will ensure that it will not end only at the inspection but will also urge the state government and the central government to speed up the implementation of the project. it is the state.
The VPP has also released photographs of the meeting between the party leaders and the young man who was very prominent in the recent elections in Sohiong.
The EJNC strongly condemns the MDA Government, which authorizes the police to fine or punish the indigenous people who go out to get medicine from one village to another, while the coal trucks coming from Assam The police did not follow him until he reached the scene.
He also requested the Meghalaya High Court to take immediate action to ensure that the illegal smuggling of coal in the state will end immediately.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Two unofficial motions were moved by the Trinamool Congress MDCs in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) on Friday.
“The silence of the state government on many of the demands of the party will force the youth to take a decision,” said Khyriem.
Earlier, Kong LM Shullai explained on the importance of voluntary blood donation to help those in need in emergency cases.
On the other hand, the KSU opened the pla and inside the pla they found a suspected ganja, simcard phones, prek, and inside the pla was found various animal skins. When questioned by the KSU leaders, the foreigner admitted that he is the Anti-Christ and also that he is a teacher. he had no other proof that he was a teacher except these items found in his pocket.
He said that the investigation is ongoing and the police have been monitoring the movement of people and as the prime minister, he confirmed that many times, it has been taken by the police department. to ensure, that such acts of violence cannot be stopped immediately.
Tillberth's fake documents and certificates are now in the hands of the GSU which is planning to file a complaint to find out more about the group of fake certificates.
There is strong opposition to the release of the film in Punjab and Haryana.
“We have followed the same rules as the previous Rules,
Kmen said the problem is that the Indian government and the state government have not respected the agreements in 1958 and 1975, which clearly stated that the 150 yards is only a limit. The actual boundary shall be determined by the two countries with the participation of the land owners.
He also called on the people to understand the position of the TMC party in order to bring about change in Jirang area and the state as a whole especially many people in the border villages are facing problems from the border demarcation between The governments of Meghalaya and Assam have also transferred many areas to Assam which are clearly known to be the villages of Meghalaya without listening to the requests of the people.
“We pray to God... in prayer, that he will release us... Just pray, he doesn't have,” he said. bad idea".
During his journey around India he also visited schools and colleges where he met with school children, students to speak to explain to them the changes in the environment and the the need to plant trees and the use of bicycles as one of the means of transportation as it does not produce waste that affects the environment.
Every year, the Jaidbynriew especially the political parties celebrate the memory of the Khla Wait of the Jaidbynriew such as Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima and Woh Kiang Nongbah but why do these celebrations end? only in the laying of wreaths by a few and never an inspired celebration of this heritage and the future.
The Seng Kur Warjri has urged the branches across the Ri Khasi Jaintia to be vigilant to the community especially to their fellow citizens so that they can escape from any suffering.
The competition was inaugurated by Garod LSN Dykes, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
In the past 24 hours, 410 people have died, bringing the total number of deaths to 16,0
In the village, they fell asleep within 10 o'clock while in the city, it was still noon.
In this way it will be enough for me to protect my human rights and at the same time not to be a cause of insult to others.
When asked about the registration fee, Preeti said that the registration fee is only T.
The G-20 Summit was held in Shillong where delegates from all over the country and abroad came to participate and it is interesting that they praised the government's preparation for it. your meeting.
We just appeal to the people to support us and this will be the last time for us to support because even if we don't support, the Government will not do anything,” said Kong Syiemlieh.
In his sermon, the Archbishop called upon women to build a perfect family with love and to bring about a change in the world with a perfect and strong life.
It will be a huge loss for the Argentine fans after India refused to host the match in the country citing the cost of hosting the friendly.
Mawkyrwat: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, has declared a Dry Day in the whole of South West Khasi Hills District. on 15th July, 2023 in connection with the celebration of Independence Day.
He waited until four o'clock to go to Riia's house.
This is also the first time in 50 years that the Meghalaya Games have been held outside Shillong.
Therefore, he requested and urged that as they have been welcomed into the UDP house, they should be firm in their minds and be determined not to change what they have promised. GG Bung Snaitang in his speech said that so far in Ranikor Constituency there are only two candidates for the MLA election 2023, Pius Marweiñ from the UDP and Martin. M.Danggo from the NPP as it appears but the others have been seen only in the news and social media.
Exactly as predicted.
Shillong, March 04: U Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, one of the owners of petrol pumps on Tuesday launched the logo and letter head of the Nongmensong Drivers Taxi Association at the office of the association. in Nongmensong.
1st Prize – T.1 lakh, 2nd Prize – T.50 thousand and 3rd Prize – T.20 thousand.
He said that so far no complaint has been received against the election campaign as a violation of the election rules.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent, while speaking on the occasion, gave the reply put by other parties and explained the issues raised by the UDP candidate. UDP candidate Morningstar Tympuin said that the knowledge of Bah Tympuin will be very harmful because he has promised to the people that he will carry the law. but he knew not what to do.
Singh was shot while returning to Jhalupara when a vehicle overtook his scooty and stopped him.
In a statement, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani supported the HSPDP's proposal for Article 371 and said that Article 371 will strengthen the right to land, forests and forests. He said that if states like Nagaland, Mizoram, Assam and Manipur get it, why doesn't our state get it? He said that HANM will support the HSPDP for peace and stability. the nation.
After a while, Mawlai had a chance to score through Dajiedlang Wanshnong in the 58th minute.
They are together before the law.
Contractors such as road diggers or house builders and other workers who have to work outside, should avoid working between 12 noon and 3 pm as it may affect them.
I have not yet thought about the mid-term elections and maybe in the coming days I will think and arrange this”.
Friends, tomorrow 7.6.2020 is a special Sunday called “Environment Sunday”.
Congratulations from the Government, Village Authorities, Religious and Ethnic Groups, Seng Bhalang and Private Individuals who have raised their hands to fill the gap.
There were several injured in the incident, but it is not known how many people were injured, but they were rushed to the Civil Hospital. event.
Talking to the people who expressed their concerns in the village, Yadav said he would talk to the Prime Minister to transform the village and promised to visit again at some point.
There may be others who should have been honored for their contribution and good work in various fields, but as the dorbar kur has not received sufficient information, it has not been possible to name them. they.
Donald Diengdoh's header in the 26th minute gave Mawlai the opportunity to play well from the start of the first half. .
This should not happen and how can the police reports be accepted as true?” The HNLC said. disturb.
Therefore, since many have asked, I would like to ask you journalists to please explain because there is no truth in the allegation.
If there is any development work, the JHADC and Mupyut should inform each other.
His parents are from Mawtari Thaiang and it is due to the two outbreaks of Cholera & Dysentery in Pamphlang, Ïamkhon and Mawtari that more than 16 households have died. years 1958 & 1960.
The Chief Minister said that this road is in poor condition and the state government will strive to repair it as soon as possible at the same time a letter will be sent to the central government to repair this road as it is a national highway. .
However, not only to these two, Bah Shylla, even to the officers, he did not stop and often, he used to say bad things against them.
Shillong, Lber : The Mawlai Phudmuri Youth Association (SSMP) would like to extend its best wishes to all the students who are taking various examinations from SSLC, HSSLC and others.
Regarding the ATM failure, the BM of Pynursla admitted that there was no failure of the ATM machine.
He explained the need for mothers to give birth to children and to eat healthy foods for their children and to be able to send for treatment and give medicines provided by the government to avoid any diseases and to receive assistance from the government.
However, as soon as they reached the Nichols Roy Building, which is owned by Deoris Marbaniang, they were suddenly stopped by the KHADC police by Deoris Marbaniang's husband, Paul-Leong. “Who sent you to touch my goods?” he asked. “Who sent me to touch my goods?” and at that time he stole the vehicle used by the KHADC to store the goods. These items were seized while the police were collecting the bags that the shopkeepers had brought out.
It is only after the opposition that Conrad Sangma has expressed these words and they are only words to cover up their mistakes,” said the Seng.
There are 10,81,342 female voters and 10,58,929 male voters.
He also mentioned their participation in the Asian Under 23 Qualifier, where India came second behind the UAE, beating Oman 2-1, Kyrgyz Republic 4-1 2 and lost 0-1 to the UAE.
He said that the reason why the FKJGP, the Syiem and the Rangbah Shnongs took action on the incident ha Barapathar, was after they heard the threat from the Assam government officials, who He said that they will continue to clear the area, especially that area which they have planned to clear in the past few days, in order to turn it into a garbage dump.
The park was inaugurated by the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem who was the chief guest in the presence of former Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling and other other.
He said this while speaking at an election campaign rally today at Sohiong Market to ask for the support of the people when they go to cast their votes on the 10th of this month.
The sirdar has sent a request to anyone who has seen or found this Rangbah 30 years old wearing a blue shirt and blue jean patlin. Please contact Sirdar Mawmluh at 9436115972 or visit Police Station Sohra.
At the same time, he warned against those who use the name of the HNLC, saying that the HNYF will not be responsible.
In 2018, only 8 percent of applicants applied for self-employment opportunities in India, according to the Ministry of Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs). This state, which is the lowest offer from other parts of India, and it is also because of such a decline, that they are looking for journalists to tell stories about such a situation. , in your workplace.
In this match both the teams tried to play hard.
““(8).
The National Resistance Front said it had killed most of the militants at Khawak Pass and the Taliban had fled and left their weapons at Dashte Rewak.
After the victory in the match which lasted 1 hour and 52 minutes, Carlos will have to prepare for his next match against Croatian Borna Coric; who defeated Germany's Daniel Altmaier 6-3, 6-3
It is very difficult for such a Hynniewtrep to leave behind them all, how much more so as he goes away, he goes away and feels like a villager elsewhere.
Workers should come together and proclaim Justice, Equality and Mutual Respect.
The Joint Director of Shillong Civil Hospital, Dr M Barthakur, said that the power outage of MeCEL is a disease of the hospital where work and medical services have been suspended due to lack of electricity. u Rupees.
They said that if the Government does not listen, they will not hesitate to take another path.
We all have to go to the grave or the crematorium.
The Bank of America is currently working with various companies to develop technology to repair or rebuild parts of the human body, including for the purpose of to replace damaged parts as well as parts of the skhep or syngkai as a whole.
Dawanmonmi Mynsong scored the goals for Wahiajer NYSSC in the 27th minute and Skillfull Tariang in the 66th minute.
He also expects that the Cell will continue to improve this list in the coming issues.
Shillong, July 10: U Samla Enlang Sawain, Education Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday, July 10, The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MWW) has lodged a complaint with the police and the SP of East Khasi Hills District, Rituraj Ravi, in connection with the incident of assault on Bindas Syiem. Secretariat, to demand from the state government to repair the road, Nongpoh, Umden and Sonapur.
Every 40 seconds in the world, one person dies by suicide due to mental illness, said Dr Pasweth. They are helped to consult doctors and through the program they will also receive free consultation and medicines.
They said that even if they are blind or have disabilities, they are the same as others who are disabled and this decision to marry is for them. of the human being that as young people they don't have any doubts and they are ready to become one family which they hope that God will bless them with.
There was also a Ramp Walk where the employees were awarded the titles of Prom Queen and King.
These things will happen in the future says the Word of God, “Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: IT IS NEAR" Revelation 1:3
a.
In the Resol issued by the FCI, 57 names have been shown to have passed the examination and these 57 candidates are males.
Lal Thanhawla said the Indian government will repeal the Inner Line Permit (ILP) at any time, which protects the minority Christians in Mizoram, as it has already repealed Article in Jammu and Kashmir.
For those who are looking for detailed information to write a book, it would be good to visit this area of ​​Nongtrai to see the snaps and evidence of the ancients.
“If there is any voter who wants to cheat or cheat, he can be identified through this Adhaar number,” said Dr Gupta.
Makeup Artist is Deiphi Mairom and this group would like to thank Hilarius Basaiawmoit, Roping Lawriniang and John Rani. NEC ENTERPRISE – Lawrapha, Mawlaisyiem, Umkrem and Police Bazar.
The Secretary of Mukroh Village and several Rangbah Shnong of Mukroh were also present on the occasion.
The Dorbar also requests the Meghalaya Police to investigate into the incident, said a statement from PD Nongrum, Chairman and S Pariat, Secretary.
“Not only at the level of Chief Secretary, but we will also take up this issue for discussion at the level of Chief Ministers,” he said. The meeting of the DCs will be held tomorrow.
Prof XP Mao said the plea notice was issued because the VC had falsely changed the decision of the EC and should be punished according to the rules of law.
The Minister of State said that the Ministry of Education has implemented a new education policy, which will be different in the way of teaching. expand your thinking and connect with other countries of the world.
Regarding the refusal of the companies to pay the transportation fee according to the government price, the All Jaintia Hills Transporter Association together with the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) have written to the companies. If they don't work, they will stop the dewbilat.
Jowai, Jymmang 18: The Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has visited Kyndongtuber village to meet with Berister Swer, a student of Government Boys Higher Secondary School, Jowai. She has placed second in the top ten in the HSSLC Science examination according to the results announced.
At the same time, he said that there has been a protest in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), where there has been an attempt to dissolve the EC as happened in KHADC but the situation in GHADC has not affected anything. Regarding the incident in KHADC, Conrad said he would discuss with the UDA MDCs on the incident and measures would be taken.
Laishnong H/S School beat Lumpyrtuh Secondary School 2-1
It is learned that during the attack, the Bangladeshis also damaged the kwai trees they planted in the area. The Khasi in the village are dependent on agriculture.
They have to go to their jobs whether it is near or far.
To the good people and those who speak respectfully and respectfully to them, the Hati, even if they pass through the fields or fields of the good people, do not harm the plants, the graves, but those who are angry with them. u (Hati) is destroyed.
The Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights has ordered the District Child Protection Officers to immediately rush to Ganesh Das Hospital and after taking the necessary action, the Commission will take care of these children.
The entrance fee for these games is 50 tyngka each.
Nongpoh: In a statement sent to the media, the Dorbar Shnong Mawpun Kshaid, on Tuesday said that all those people who own land within the boundary of the village, should meet with the leaders. of the village on the 26th of this month from 10 am to 4 pm.
In East Garo Hills, two cases have been confirmed, one health worker and one high risk.
Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School and Upper Mawbidong have won the Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) SWKHD. These teams will represent the district in the State Level Subroto Cup to be held soon in the city.
Lajong's players include Rajat Paul Lyngdoh, Ïohborlang Lyngkhoi, Henryford Nongneng, Saveme Tariang, Kenstar Kharshong, Wadajied Ryngkhlem, Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah, Sangti Shianglong, Hardy Cliff Nongbri, Ronaldkham, Figlano Khangwang S Nongynlait. Ronney Willson Kharbudon, Allen Camper Lyngdoh Nongbri, and Phrangki Buam.
One of the customs is that they take names and count the species from the fish or trees.
Reema is a woman who lives alone without a husband, without a husband, without marriage like others. One day when she was very old, she put her belongings in a bag.
:The South Garo Hills GSU Chokpot Regional Unit on Saturday inspected the construction of the new road from Chokpot to Baghmara.
Shillong: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, will arrive at the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) for the XXVI Convocation program to be held on 4th November
Shillong: The vehicle of Bah Bathok Nongmalieh has been hit by a stone this morning.
“At present, it is not necessary to apply for government jobs and high salaries but for what you get,” said Ban.
In the second semi-final at 3.45 pm, PFR Football Academy beat Mawlai Sports Club 2-1
After a while, the incident spread quickly to the paid bhur who started to stir up in the village and the incident gradually became worse, but fortunately after the incident, The VDP of Risiang village came to stop the protest and after a while the protest ended.
The party said it is considering the promise of the Indian government to reach an agreement on the Naga flag and a separate constitution and hopes that the issue will be resolved. come to the right place without delay.
Bengaluru have beaten Jamshedpur FC Reserves, drawn TRAU FC once and lost once.
He said that the deposit of their salaries into their bank accounts is because in the past there have been complaints from the beneficiaries that they receive less than they should have received.
“It is unfortunate that the work for the New Shillong Township Water Supply Project has not started yet while the Greater Ampati Water Supply Project has been completed.
It is learned that among the six persons arrested for investigation, two are under age and the four elderly persons have been set along. For further investigation into the alleged involvement of the girl.
The aim of the competition is to open the door for students to showcase their skills in the field of information technology.
I believe this is a golden opportunity for the border villages which do not have social security, to inform the Survey of India which will take it to the Ministry of Home Affairs,” he said.
Ronaldo then scored two goals before Mane scored the fourth goal for the team to secure the victory.
The HITO also demanded from the Minister of State for Education that the government should extend the deadline for application for admission to this institution as only 30 days are available for submission of application forms. to deliver the documents.
The thlen is the Chief Minister of the forty animals, and the cow is the Bashan of the forty animals.
The truth about her was revealed to everyone that she was the Son of God.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 14: The Special Judge of West Khasi Hills (POSCO) has sentenced a robber involved in the rape of a child in 2020 in Dalbot, Dalbot Village, to 30 years imprisonment. West Khasi Hills.
Then you say, 'If you give birth to your father, you will come to live in peace.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that this is a memorable day when the KHADC authorities met with various Rangbah Shnongs for the purpose of handing over the Sanad.
It is also the second time that Messi has won the title and the first time on the day of the opening ceremony of the FIFA World Cup. 2016.
The Tournament Committee of the NDSA on Saturday will play between Nonglwai II and Marskuiñ SC at 12 noon, while in the Super Division, Nonglwai II will play against Marskuiñ SC at 12 noon. Upper New Nongstoiñ SC will play against Mawliehbah SC at 2 pm.
This came after Saw Lyngdoh Higher Secondary School beat Syiem Jingsuk in the quarter final on Tuesday.
The turnout was 80 percent.
The Minister also called on the private sector to cooperate with the Government in producing more milk and also in creating employment opportunities for the youth.
Regarding the road to the village, Bah Banteidor promised to create the mechanisms for its implementation.
Shillong: Both matches of the Meghalaya Cricket Association's U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament have been canceled due to heavy rain.
In another match between Shillong Cricket Association and West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association, the match was canceled due to heavy rain.
Friends United CC managed to score only 112 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister, who stood up to add to the answer of Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister in charge of Disaster Management, said that recently at the meeting of the MDA, one of the Ministers of the Government. He has expressed the same opinion as the MLA of Umsning.
At the same time, she said that issues related to the nation will be taken up for discussion when the people give the victory.
Shops have also been directed to clearly record the number of employees who have been vaccinated and those who have not been vaccinated.
So far, police have arrested 12 persons involved in the robbery and shooting death of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta.
As a political party that stands for the right to protect the identity of the nation we will not allow and will not allow anyone to mislead the identity of the nation," he added.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma will be sworn in as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for the second time on the 7th of this month.
“Since the 18th century, we have been able to raise a great man of the nation who dared to fight against the greatest foreign government in the world,” said UDP leader. “Let us stand up to protect the nation from the dangers of land, shyiap, trade and inheritance.
The swearing-in ceremony of Bah EK Lapang as Rangbah Shnong will be held on the 29th of this month.
When they found out that the vehicle had been stolen, the residents of the house rushed to the Tollgate Plaza at Pahammawlein 20mer, to watch the video from the CCTV cameras, but they did not. lap days at all.
These 8 families are suffering from poverty in their own livelihood, some of them are suffering from too many brothers and sisters but the father of the household is in bed and cannot go to work. There are those whose parents have died and they live alone with their brothers and sisters and they don't want to go to school because they have to work hard to earn a living. There are no more parents, there are also elderly people who have to live alone without looking after their children and they are in their own lives.
There is talk among government officials that the availability of 2,000 books has eliminated the idea of ​​eradicating stolen money, because people have better access to stolen money.
Shillong: The campaign for the mid-term elections to the Legislative Assembly has increased in three constituencies especially in Mawryngkneng Constituency and Mawphlang Constituency. Eugeneson Lyngdoh from Mawphlang Constituency of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
And Moses went up from the plains of Moab unto mount Nebo, to the top of Pisgah: and the LORD shewed him the land of Canaan, that the children of Israel might possess it.
The FKJGP supports the strike by its Dundee Secretary Cliff Khongsit and demands that the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary should proceed in accordance with the Animal Transport Rules Rules 97 & 98 without listening to anyone and to continue the hearing and examination for the safety and security of the people.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has announced that all participating schools and colleges must achieve 50% pass in the Board examination. Executive Chairman Pravin Bakshi said that according to the MBOSE Regulation (Chapter iv.2i), all schools and colleges will not be recognized as members of the MBOSE. Those who fall under the MBOSE must score 50% in the examinations of the board.
In an interview with Bah Rymbui, the members of the Seng said that the issue of JINGJAH BRIEW has increased rapidly in the last few years.
the word holy I feel is a very important word.
In addition, the problems in urban areas such as Jowai, Nongpoh, Nongstoin and especially in Shillong, waste management, medicines and hospital waste, jhep from food shops and other shops.
Nongkynrih scored the second goal for Laitryngew in the 34th minute with a header from a free-kick, but Badaminot Nongphlang scored the equaliser. Jyntru for the first time in 45'+1 minutes.
If the owners don't build the house, others will just watch and laugh, will it be just an old warning? This is not the case with Assam.
Speech was also delivered by the President of the Seng Samla, Bah Samuel Biam who urged the beneficiaries to work harder and improve their farming.
The Congress has won Vincent H Pala as MP from Shillong while Agatha K Sangma has won from Tura. Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA of Mylliem Constituency, today said that the party will support the protest of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) to re-appoint the MLA. 3 officers of the Lokayukta, who have been dismissed recently.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 170 in China, with 38 new deaths on Friday.
The second phase of the demarcation talks will be more challenging and difficult, as the remaining seven areas include the areas where the people of the state have faced difficulties and are the places where the people of these places have suffered the loss of precious souls.
We can ask ourselves about these issues and give other examples to make them clearer in our thinking and understanding.
In Warinagre, the price of land is 2.50 per bigha and in Balsrigittim, the price of land is 1.86 per bigha. and the third day of the month.
Russian authorities in Kherson have ordered residents to leave Kherson since mid-April. you want Dnipro.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a Parliamentary Party (PP) meeting tomorrow to discuss the strategies and issues to be brought in the Legislative Assembly starting from 9th November.
Seven of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills District.
"When it was dark in the sky at about 7 o'clock, someone came to tied the house.
Have they deceived the people?” they asked.
He said it was the first time he knew of such a group of Hima Khasi States.
Speaking to some of the doctors on the explanation of the Principal Secretary that the IIPH has worked hard in the fight against Covid-19, they said, “When has the IIPH come forward to fight this disease?
Laitmiet was admitted to CHC Sohra for injuries to his right ear after being hit by Anand Mishra, IPS at Lad Thanad Sumo Stand Sohra.
These reasons given by the Government of India are unfounded but the intention of the Government of India seems to be to discriminate against us small paid,” said KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar. lad newspaper.
However, the allegation that the TMC is from outside the state has affected the image of the party and it has not been able to survive in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills which have 36 seats.
The organizers of the competition also distributed prizes and cash prizes to the winners of the competition as part of the celebration of the Independence Day. in India.
A case has been registered against these robbers under various sections of the IP at Madanrting PS and the investigation is ongoing.
It is on this basis that the Government of India, among the many ways to strengthen the country of India, the Government of India has taken the initiative to instill the spirit of patriotism with the theme of celebrating the Ha the Tnum and the Lama.
According to reports, the shooting took place at around 8 am on Sunday morning, in one of the poor villages of Setubal, formerly known as Bairro Azul village. The shooter shot himself as soon as he heard that the police had arrived at the scene.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The company operating the Four Lane Road from Jorabad to Lad Umroi has delayed the completion of the road from Jorabad to Lad Umroi due to heavy rainfall in the area.
The union has requested the Meghalaya government to create assistance for people with disabilities like Asuk Suting.
They were welcomed by the TMC candidate from Rongjeng constituency, Sengnam M Marak in the presence of former MLA of Rongjeng constituency, Desang Sangma.
“Why have other government appointments for two or three years been postponed while this one has been treated separately?
The old ones have lost faith, the new ones are still hesitant to trust.
Shillong: In the last 24 hours, rainfall in different parts of the state and in Shillong, from 8.30 am to 8.30 am, the rainfall was mm, 21.2mm in Sohra and 6.6mm in Umiam.
There have been many allegations that the cause of the disease is lymbit, with the source of the disease believed to have been found in Yunnan, in eastern China.
She was admitted for right upper lobe pneumonic consolidation, acute anterolateral wall ischemia, COVID-19, type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
During the visit, Acharya discussed issues and strategies with the party leaders to prepare for the Lok Sabha elections.
According to SP S.Nongtnger, he sent a team of police from WKH including two SIs and two policemen to Allahabad. On 25th July 2015, with the assistance of Meja Police, they conducted a search operation and arrested Lavkush Kumar on 7th November.
Replying to the statement by Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday, Bah Pyndap said, “The party has met with Bah Adelbert Nongrum on October 25, 2022, with the intention of reaching the understanding and in this meeting, we have already discussed clearly and decided together 'that it is necessary to understand all the mistakes first in order to reach peace and good,' and we have also given more time to ask.
When it comes to amending the Sixth Schedule, the union demands that the CM should include the land under the Municipality in the Sixth Scheduled through paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule. Scheduled'.
Explaining his decision to join the TMC, Augustine D Marak said it was after he understood the report that if he contests as a Congress candidate, there will be a split of votes between the TMC and Congress. and both parties will not win but it is like winning again James.
“Even if they hold talks, the struggle and the talks are clear,” said Marngar while asked about the government's goal on bringing back the bill. the east was well lit.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “If the central government had granted the ILP soon, even the freight railway would have been able to reach Byrnihat. They are against the railway because there is no law to protect the influx of other ethnic groups.
Shillong, July 27: The AJYWO in Jaintia Hills in a statement issued by its President Bah MH Dkhar on Tuesday said that there have been families who have threatened to commit suicide by hanging or drinking bih iade. and their children because of the sorrow and fear of starvation, because they don't have jobs anymore after the NGT doesn't allow them to mine coal.
After the Committee agreed to investigate, it investigated from the records of the office, it investigated from the employees of MeECL of various departments of the state electricity company.
On the other hand, FKJGP leaders including Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP in Ri Bhoi and Bah Eldie N.Lyngdoh, Vice-President of FKJGP, expressed their satisfaction with the decision. They were able to provide assistance to the needs of the church and especially that the church is still in the process of building the church.
The recent discussion on the distribution of fertilizer in Mawkynrew constituency has been one of the most intense.
In this regard, a meeting will be held between the Finance Department and the Electricity Department to review all the requirements, so that the Electricity Department can implement better and recover all the lost funds.
Shillong: Shillong Police on Saturday had to patrol and resolve a dispute which has been going on since Tuesday night at Keating Road Shillong.
A purpose that is still too good.
In July this year, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin issued a resolution in the presence of Governor RN Ravi for failing to mention his name in the speech. DMK founder Periyar, BK Ambedkar and two former prime ministers.
Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh today ordered the temporary suspension of seven employees of the Excise Department and seven policemen.
On the other hand, Amse informed the court that the tunnel at Sonapur is too short and it was seen before the construction that there would be severe earthquakes on both sides.
Player Name, 2: FIDE ID.,
“We expect at least 500 village officials to attend,” said Bah Blah.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Police have recovered the body of Lamphrang Marboh, 34, from Mawlynrei village under Rynjah PS at 1 pm today. I was born in a forest at MES, Umkaliar.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: U Bah Anthony Kong Wang, a famous singer of Ri-War, has joined the Congress party and has now become the party's candidate for the upcoming elections. Speaking to reporters, after the filing of nomination papers, Anthony Kharpuri of the HSPDP and Banalari Khongwar of the UDP have contested the MDC election 2014 from Nongshken constituency. He said that singing is also a public service, and he chose to contest the MDC election because he wants to provide better service to the people of the area.
The VPP has demanded that the roster system be maintained while the Reservation Policy is being amended.
The President of FKJGP has appealed to the government employees to take part in the non-cooperation movement which will be held across the state on the 25th of this month.
The 11 Waheh Shnongs of Ïooksi Saphai area have made it clear that they have nothing to do with the demand of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills to give 20% share to the Jaintias under the Reservation Policy.
However, he had to leave the field after receiving two stem cards and Malki were left with only 10 players.
(2) Great glory is also manifested through miraculous events and miracles which are (i) The cross of others who were crucified was carried by the people to the place of crucifixion.
As we know that these plants U Krai and Buckwheat contain a lot of vitamins, minerals which help us to avoid many diseases, which give us a healthy body and especially to avoid loss and death. khniot price in the market in the hat.
It is learned that the robber committed the robbery in the darkness of the night, at midnight and after committing the robbery, he fled the scene.
The two organizations have strongly opposed the people who have registered for foreigners and demanded that the EM of the Trade Department should take up this issue in the JHADC dorbar which will start tomorrow date of October.
The six members informed the Prime Minister that they will put all these issues under the consideration of the APHL Conference.
They threatened that if he does not remove these people, they will lodge a complaint with the Minister in charge of the District Council and also with the Governor.
The khonrympha became the richest, the strongest, the most honorable and the most beautiful in the kingdom.
Therefore, there is an urgent need to provide better healthcare facilities according to the needs of the population which has been growing over time.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongstoin Circle, has found that the staff of the Civil Hospital Nongstoin, have been negligent in the distribution of medicines to the patients. in which they have given even the medicines which are no longer available because of the end of the time.
Shanty – 9497875599Dr.Sr.
Rev. Wilbert entered St. Paul's Seminary, Upper Shillong and between 1991 and 1992 he studied at St. Xavier's Minor Seminary.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Shillong Press Club and ICARE will hold a discussion on the price of superstition, such as superstition, superstition, aiksuid, and other beliefs. Don't be a Khasi.
There were 12 teams participating in the tournament, including seven teams in the men's category and seven teams in the women's category.
The incident occurred at Mawshun, Pynursla, East Khasi Hills, at 2.50 pm this morning.
The meeting lasted until 11 pm.
The election manifesto was launched by AITC National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee at a meeting held at Pinewood Hotel in the presence of State President Charles Pyngrope, TMC Legislative Party Leader Mukul Sangma. Vice President George Lyngdoh, AITC Parliamentary Party Leader Derek O'Brien, Meghalaya Governor Manas Bhunia and others.
