The Sengbhalang invites all the Sengbhalang, the public and the school children to join hands in this commemoration day.
His parents left Uttarakhand and settled in Ranchi after his father, Pan Singh, rose to the rank of junior management at MECON. for Narendra.
With City's victory over Liverpool, Liverpool have 54 points, Manchester City 50, Tottenham Hotspur 48 and Chelsea
Finally, the Riwar Mihngi Football Association invites all villages, clubs and individuals who are interested in promoting football in the area to take part in the Women's League Football 2023 which will start soon. The deadline for applications is 03rd July 2023 through the following forms: 9436100931/9612905943/7005247841 (I.Diengdoh).
Furthermore, they are at checkpoints in many parts of Tamil Nadu, he said.
According to the information, 28 rooms have been allocated at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong for 23 specially invited guests. , Super Deluxe, Presidential Suite, Presidential Cottage, and the total room fee is T.50, 39,1
They expressed their concern over the situation in the area and today they met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, the Executive Member of I/C Labor Department, Bah Teibor Pathaw and I am the Executive Member of the I/C Trading License.
To understand this difference, it is only if the Khasi and Garo people have their own state, where there is no need to fight.
It is through the initiative of these officials that we see that NEEPCO has also agreed to stop the power supply.
Let us briefly look at the principles or value system or example of the Kingdom of God: The book of prophets in the Bible is filled with messages and demands that rulers should rule bad judgment rights.
“I find that this search for such a tragic incident until the death of Bah Cherish is an unclean act.
Uncleanness can also hinder the strengthening forces or the progress in all these things.
We have not urged you to leave the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The vehicle was driven by Devesh.
From the beginning God said that the Israelites were a strong nation.
Shillong, Naitung 14: On the evening of the 13th of this month, unidentified persons have phoned Laitumkhrah Police Station. Laitumkhrah PS, Police are still on the lookout for the arrest of the suspect.
In his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his gratitude that he has been able to fulfill his promises to them and gave all the glory to God who has been with him to fulfill his promises.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 21: Leaders of four civil society organizations under the banner of 'Save Hynniewtrep Mission' today strongly criticized the MDA government and the Minister of State, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar who admitted that He has received a PhD in politics and many have criticized that the PhD he has received may be the PhD which the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma as the Prime Minister has cheated and deceived. to be involved only in corruption and without turning a blind eye to the issues facing the people.
Furthermore, the leadership of the party has learned that about four centers have been selected as the examination centres, namely Shillong, Guwahati, Jorhat and Delhi.
When contacted by some opposition MLAs, they said that the important thing to remove Dr Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister is up to the Congress MLAs to do what is necessary.
As the days approach the day when the people will give their decision for the next five years, it has been seen that the situation in relation to this political issue has changed. There is no longer only a war of words or a handshake between one party against another, but now once again we have seen the violence and violence of the supporters of one party against another.
Besides Comingone Ymbon, JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, other MDCs, NPP State President Phidalia Toi, BDO Laskein C&RD, F Basan and others were also present.
He said that the duty of the District Council is to look after and protect the rights of the minorities and if anything affects or overwhelms the people, the council will oppose it.
The number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, July 12: Meghalaya beat Kerala on penalties in the final match of Group B of the Khelo India Youth Games
There should be an inquiry into the incident, which will find out whether there was any order to take action against Modi's statement.
Out of the 93 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 health workers, 5 high risk contacts, 4 cases in Mawlai, 50 cases in Nongthymmai, 5 cases in ILI cases. We are deeply saddened by the posting of inappropriate videos on our Telegram group (@RotAssociationOfMeghalaya) by some people.
After Pathaan, which is one of his best-selling films, Shah Rukh Khan will soon release another new film, Jawan, in which he will star alongside Atlee. it will go on sale on November 7, 2023.
Shillong, June 18: The Meghalaya Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan School Association (MSSASA) on Tuesday requested the State Government not to release the second installment of Rs 4464.16 crore. Central Government for the payment of salaries to SSA teachers in Meghalaya.
He was a hardworking man who was determined that poverty should not hinder progress.
Rev.Dr.JF Jywa in an article in the Pateng Christian wrote when someone asked him, why did you extend the celebration of the Bicentenary for three years from 2007 to 2010? ….
AndBy The PeoplenotBuy The People......It's too much to support all the groups of peopleIt's too much to support all the groups of people.
“The cows were brought from Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Assam and other places, we don't know exactly what kind of cows the Dkhars brought,” said Bah Warjri.
He said the VPP does not want to explain the reservation policy to the government, but asks the government to convene a special session to discuss or set up a special committee to look into the reservation policy. how to amend the reservation policy by including both groups of ethnic groups to be members of the committee, and to have experts to discuss so that it will not be biased.
This Child, whose Birthday the world celebrates on Christmas Day, also explains a new explanation of the Resurrection: – (Lk.17:10) “We are only servants, we have done what is right. ban leh"- shows that if someone wants to do charity, it is because he likes to do so, not out of pride as happened in the life of a mother who gave herself to many pleasures only to raise money for the poor of Asia and Africa.
“I don't want to use your power or you don't want to use your power because you don't bring anything good,” said the CEM. per month will be T.15 spah and why should they spend T.5 spah for the cleaning fee which is intended to improve their welfare”.
After a few years, Khonglah Village established its own Secondary School and was merged with the old Kudeng Village.
I've been looking for a job here and there, but I can't find anywhere.
John 12:31.
Besides the enforcement of the law, the Governor said that the Meghalaya Police Department has also conducted investigations in many cases.
The WJDSA has decided to postpone the final on Monday evening due to heavy rain.
Other speakers included B. Giri, District & Sessions Judge, K. Pohshna, President SKRS (War Jaintia) and CS Kyndiah, President, Bar Association.
They heard that someone was saying, “Phi la wan.
Therefore, for many months, these elders have been gathered here to discuss this issue.
On the reluctance of the land vendors to comply with the government's request to fill up the forms, Bah Ronie said that even if the government does not do so, the people have complained that it does not do but when it does, they oppose.
Kashmir opened the scoring in the 25th minute through Abednedo Tteh but Samuel Kynshi turned the tide for Lajong.
He was accompanied by other leaders including Vanshan Buhphang, Chairman, Evandul Marbaniang, Secretary Organizing Committee and Shepherd Kharsahnoh. Adelbert Nongrum, Chairman of the KHADC, said that there is no appointment law in the District Council.
Assam Police on Tuesday arrested two robbers suspected of murder and other crimes from Ladrymbai, East Jaintia Hills District.
Besides, he complained that another group of armed robbers, consisting of about 4-5 persons, came to the scene and demanded money from him and at the same time, they and he shot him.
“This Bill in principle has nothing to do with the entry of foreigners.
Vennetta Kharsyntiew and her husband are the owners of Ranne's Abode Temple in Lower Lachaumiere, Shillong. time as an office.
Without blaming others, Bah Titos Chyne said that besides the hard work of money, his stinginess and stinginess may be one of the reasons why the Congress has taken advantage. In the last elections, it is impossible to understand whether those stingy counts may be stingy counting to turn to the people or stinging counting to preach around the villages and areas of the constituency or others.
Dr. Laloo also gave a clear message that TB is a curable disease and urged those who have TB to test their medicines as prescribed by doctors. to be able to control its spread.
Outside the legislature we can discuss on the basis that we feel it may happen, but as legislators today if we are to oppose the UCC, the first thing is we need to have in front of us the UCC Bill, " said the CM of the state.
However, when the error was discovered, it was corrected by writing again the next day by the relevant authorities.
As the party, it is very sad to see that the Khasi youth have reached the point of being exploited in their own country and what makes us more angry as the party leaders is that instead of working with Khasi, but They have worked in foreign countries, and they don't know where they are.
Shillong: The MDA government today suddenly turned up at the Secretariat to demand that the MDA government should announce the report on the killing of the former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National League for Democracy (HNLC), u Mr. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 25: The KSU North Khasi Hills District (NKHD) today decided to build a railway line in the state. They have once again expressed their strong opposition to the construction of the railway line in Meghalaya.
However, many have questioned whether the government has provided centers for the students to write these examinations or whether all the students of the state will be able to write these examinations. There are those who have to go abroad to write in their own state.
While the child was holding his hand on the door of the car, the mother suddenly drove the car, and the child fell into the car. He was hit by the rear wheel of the vehicle while trying to open the door and enter the vehicle after being beaten by his mother at that time.
Tynsong said that so far there are 12 villages affected by the African Swine Fever including those in East Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi District and West Jaintia Hills District. District and West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Iaiong 20: Not only in the KHADC, but sources close to the UDP, said that the difference of opinion has also arisen between the leaders of the party. .
Urging the public to be vigilant when buying fish and poultry imported from Assam where such incidents have occurred, the union said, “The same fish has been smuggled to Garo Hills and The district authorities should be vigilant in the search operation without fear of the same incident happening in Garo Hills.
With this victory, Niaw Wasa will play against Sailung Ialong in the semifinals to qualify for the final on 9th November.
Relief Camps, Incident Command Posts, Bases, Camps and others will be held inside the SRGT Parking Lot in front of the 3rd Ground, Polo and other places in the Polo area.
From 01st October 2019 to 15th March 2019, the council has collected T4 crore from the government and the council. .22 crore and from trading by non-tribal from 01st October 2019 to 31st October 2019 the council has collected 0.78 crore.
The second phase of the EPP was a physical training session at the SAI Center NEHU where the selected players received training under the leadership of Ian Campbell and the team.
“Meghalaya is a state in Seismic Zone-5
I would like to conclude this article once again with my request and love to the youth of the country especially to the youth Christians of the Church. the world through the wisdom of Satan, the prince of darkness.
The Workers Power of Meghalaya, a union of 13 workers' groups in the state, also condemned the incident.
Even the ambulances, should be careful, because the question of Dr. Sailo who came to Meghalaya on 22.3.20 by ambulance from Gauhati, was negative.
Speaking briefly to the media after the Congress won only 50 MPs, Sonia Gandhi said, “With humility, we accept the decision of the people and We hope that the new government will maintain the unity and welfare of the country”.
Dhoni's net worth is estimated at USD 26.5 million according to Forbes.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Roipar said that according to the law, they should work only 196 hours per month but due to lack of staff, they have been employed up to 288 hours per month. cow board.
The CEM of KHADC has ordered the closure of 46 shops from 13 mer, 14 mer, Mawsmai.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Davies NR Marak, said that security forces have been deployed at all the entry points into Shillong. to search vehicles in the city and suburbs so that foreign forces cannot come to disrupt the Independence Day celebrations.
Police said all five Bangladeshis were arrested from Mallik's residence in the border area with Bangladesh.
The Executive Committee of the Association recently decided to strongly oppose this act of MFA and urged the Affiliated Club of Riwar Social Welfare and Sports Club (RMSW&SA) not to take part. The meeting was attended by a statement from the leaders of the Riwar Social Welfare and Sports Club.
The Parish Priest of Nongpoh Parish, Fr.Peter Syiemlieh, who attended the ceremony, while speaking to the media, said that as the faithful of the Catholic Church, we are filled with sorrow and grief. I was very happy about this incident and I didn't think that God would take away these seven souls.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Western Zone, including Bah Active Pator, President and Bah Runningwell Syngkli, General Secretary, today spoke to the media in Nongpoh. They urged the State Government to consider the documents and not to take decisions in the second phase of the demarcation. or only by the involvement of the people, so that the lands which belong to Meghalaya and will escape from being forcibly transferred to Assam.
Such a meeting will be the first time that the BJP has invited religious leaders in the state which other parties have never done before.
The Chief Guest in his speech congratulated the Unit for organizing this program and urged the Unit to continue to work hard. 25 years old and said that the FKJGP is a big and strong organization and wished it to continue to work hard for the country and the nation.
Kyrmen said that after receiving information from all over Jaintia Hills, there was a fierce contest between Vincent H Pala and the MDA candidate.
On the other hand, the meeting will also discuss the candidates for the mid-term MDC elections in the seven remaining constituencies.
The remarks from the ruling party of the Meghalaya government came at a time of intense talks and border dispute between the Assam and Meghalaya governments.
As it has been from time to time, the union urges the state government to take action and reconcile with the Assam government and especially regarding the damage to the school, which is also a school. “It's the most important thing for the children in the village,” he added.
He said that the Garo is a wise man and there is a Garo who doesn't hate his fellow Garo if he talks about the issue of the people.
The Lei Synshar Cultural Society, Jaintia Hills has also commemorated the same day by visiting Lum Mooliksoo and burning mombati at the place where the monument to Kiang has been erected. Add.
“The district presidents have been given 10 days to complete the task and inform the State Election Committee,” said Bah Allantry. The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) and the HSPDP have taken the final decision in consultation with the HSPDP. The party has also confirmed that it will contest from Garo Hills.
Shillong Province at that time covered the entire North East of India and from Shillong Province today there are 15 states and thousands of believers.
In his speech, Habahun did not mention the name of the MLA, but he mentioned the MLA of Mowakiaw.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : Retired DHS Dr. Aman War of the Meghalaya Softball Association (MSA) has been appointed as the DHS of the Meghalaya Softball Association (MSA). appoint him as President of the Association.
He said that the village will give these vendors within 10 days to move away from these footpaths and the village will inform them within 10 days.
Therefore, the PHE has introduced another water supply project called GSWSS (PHASE-IIIl).
The State Ranking Tournament 2023 will be held at Dorball Hall, Jaiaw Laitdom from 27th to 30th November
Previous governments have tried to hold talks in Delhi but they should intensify the talks so that the work can succeed.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District, this morning at 10 am, have recovered the body of a foreigner who fell into Wah Umtrew.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: “The mortuary at the Community Health Center in Sohra has been a shame to the village of Sohra,” said the President of FKJGP, Bah RL Nongrum. The President of FKJGP said that Sohra is a village that attracts people from all over the world not only tourists but also senior officers. “But suddenly there were some incidents that came from countries like the United States and other Western countries to the town which has become famous as a world tourist destination. “It happens in the past years, if foreigners die, it is a shame to take them to the cemetery,” said the President of FKJGPU, Bah Nongrum. There was a truck accident, in which a foreigner died and his body was taken to the morgue of CHC Sohra. The Shillong Muslim Union, which came to collect the body because the deceased was a Muslim, and sadly, the Union has admitted that the deceased has lost his eyes, said the Sengbhalang leader. We don't want such things to happen in the future, which has brought down the glory of Sohra,” said Bah Nongrum. When I visited the morgue at CHC Sohra, I found that the morgue is inadequate. Although there are tins that are covered, there are other places for the houses. It should be recalled that in the past few years , there has been an incident which has caused Ri Sepngi has drowned in the river in Sohra area, but the body was not taken to the CHC and was taken to Shillong. “Besides the burial grounds, the FKJGP has also demanded that the government should provide all the necessities of the CHC Sohra so that it can bring benefits,” said the President of FKJGP. to the people of the area.
When asked about the factories that were destroyed on Monday, the Deputy Commissioner said that a team from the office has been to Shallang to destroy the illegal factories, but due to the failure of the mobile network, he has not yet received any information. trust the report.
This is part of, what God wants us to seek Him while there is still time for us to turn to God.
Abbas said Israel wants them to leave their territory, but he said: "We will not leave here, but we will fight openly, even if we don't have weapons. faithful to fight"
Wandonbok Jyrwa said that this meeting was not easy because during the meeting, Bah Pynshngaiñ assured that those who pay online will continue and those who want to pay offline will come back to KHADC to pay. Shillong, Jymmang 3: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (KHADC) today announced that it will operate taxi drivers online with the support of KHADC. On Tuesday, 3rd July 2023, she lodged a complaint at Lumdiengjri Police Station regarding the presence of illegal vehicle drivers.
The village has banned the entry of workers, travelers and students from abroad. They should inform the village leaders before they arrive in the village.
He said that this matter falls under the jurisdiction of the Deputy Commissioner (Revenue) and the DC Revenue will take the necessary action if it finds that there are foreigners living or using the land.
Bah Titos said that he did not think that there would be paradoh parasnam living in these areas and so as soon as they received the information they postponed other programs and came to look for them as a sign of support and encouragement. He was happy to find them speaking the Pnar language and maintaining their dress and customs.
In the women's category, Hammyllin Phawa of Jowai Govt.
After a while, the police came to stop the bus to relieve the traffic jam on the Shillong-Jowai road.
Every district should ensure the availability of these equipment so that pharmacies do not take advantage.
“We don't need gas, now we burn only wood, one problem is because it takes longer, it will help us to speed up the work if we burn gas and it will also be part of the preserve the environment," he said.
The foundation stone was laid by the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri and Usha Ananthasubramanian, Managing Director and CEO, Punjab National Bank.
U Bah Nongkynrih (32) of Jalynteng, Nongkynrih was shot dead by BSF troops on Thursday night near Mawshun village, East Khasi Hills while he was carrying a cow with his brother-in-law. you, young Ribalskhem Nongkynrih.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today evening held a street meeting to explain to the people the dangers if the Indian government passes the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
As part of the celebration, special songs and music were performed by the youth, including Kid's Tarari, Khmih and others.
While they were drinking, the man said, “Bah, you are very busy.” “Yes, I am,” replied Halbert. “When you need someone, tell me because I have a son who has gone to training for this. said the old man, who was not less than 50 years old.
During the hearing, the Court said that the order has been sent to the concerned department but no reply has been received.
You don't have to have a strong understanding.
Sangma said the Delta variant is very fast and very powerful but the sad thing now is that it has not only affected East Khasi Hills District but has spread. also to other districts in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : U Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA, in a statement issued today, urged the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) to reconsider its opposition to the implementation of the NEP 2020.
Make a First Aid box for homes and schools (include soap, blankets, blankets, blankets, antibiotics, plasters, thermometers, and ORS drinks)1
Bringing this to the House, Bah Kimfa said that the reply of the Prime Minister yesterday was wrong by admitting that there are only 150 people who have fled the village.
Shillong, November :The Jaiaw Ehrngiew Transport Society (JETS), Shillong 24X7, Shillong, has taken the opportunity to wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Happy New Year to all the people of the state.
Our job is to educate, to build the country, to prepare students to become great like you (politicians)," he said.
Ozturk, one of the Turkish PUBG players, who is very good at playing AbeautflDeath, has proposed to a young woman named Ritz, who is one of the players. He offered to play PUBG while they were watching the Europa League.
He said that after the sudden death of Maheh HDR Lyngdoh as the party's candidate, the House, the Kur and the party as the Mawbyrsiew unanimously approved Bah Synshar to continue. I'm going to work.
U Bah Metbah said that it is a great opportunity for the students to receive such assistance provided by the government free of charge. He also spoke about unemployment which is one of the most important issues to be discussed in the country and the state and urged everyone not to expect only government jobs but to create other opportunities. earned money.
Therefore, the union is angry at the lack of attention to these demands and will not hesitate to take this decision to close down immediately without setting a time limit until we see the signs that these demands have been met.
He said that the purpose of Narphna's stay was against those who rebel or violate the rules, but Jesus was accused of rebelling.
The first duty that we as her must understand is in the field of thought.
There are those who have a hand and claim that it was a suicide," she said in tears.
Shillong, March 28: The relatives of Rabha have not yet received a letter regarding the demand for money, said SP.Shillong: from Wahumlein village, Pynursla.
“After receiving the report we will decide how to act on this maybe we can call for talks and arrangements with the management of these private schools as well because there are private schools which have not yet received or have received only schools. “It's a good idea to have the support of the government,” said Rakkam.
The tournament started on July 26 and was played at two venues in the city.
Child marriage is illegal and to fight against child marriage, therefore school children, parents and teachers should explain and communicate with children on the impact of child marriage to avoid problems later. existence.
The mother asked her daughter how she felt about her relationship with the young man.
Besides, even if they are beaten with a stick, they don't dare to tell their parents because if they tell them, they will be bombed by their parents.
We are still working hard to track down the suspect,” said SP Shailendra Bamaniya.
Juliana is one of the dance teachers in Delhi.
He also submitted the petition to the Prime Minister.
Not only that, he said, those office workers who refuse to be injected will lose their salaries from November onwards.
The other is the Sohryngkew or Wahrew River, which flows from the villages of Pynursla and Mawkdok, passes through the villages of Sohkhmi and Ryngngud Sohbar, and reaches the plains of the Sohra Hima.
He said that this meeting was very fruitful because I learned firsthand about the problems faced by the teachers and also the suggestions on what should be done to overcome these problems.
For the sake of convenience, the Reception of the Ri Bhoi Eastern Presbytery has announced several announcements for the smooth running of the Synod.
Just as the city of Shillong has changed to follow the modern era in all aspects, so the way of thinking of people has changed according to the surroundings.
The people in my constituency understand how much Prime Minister Modi has helped them during the Modi pandemic by distributing free rice to every household and thus until now they call it Modi rice.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Rang said he doesn't feel anything about the loss of his ticket but he will not back down from his intention to contest.
However, the beginning and the end were not known, because the answer was that they did not decide anything at that meeting.
Shillong: After a heated debate in the House today, the MDA Government has won through a voice vote on the no confidence motion by the Opposition.
On the following day, a special training was given to the Principals, Head Teachers where Merilang Kharbyngar, State Coordinator, IE SSA-SEMAM Shillong explained in detail about the children with disabilities. Esther JE Shongwan, Deputy Chief Academic Officer, MBOSE, explained to the teachers how to write the MBOSE Examination for the students with disabilities.
The purpose of reviving these committees is to enable them to hold special meetings on covid-19 and if there is any problem they can take it to the government,” he said.
In a letter sent to the DC, the group also urged the DC to take action to suspend the plan of Assam to supply electricity to Sabuda and Jatalong villages. Villagers don't want electricity from Assam.
Elton Skhemlang Swer – Silver 3.
Furthermore, Krai farmers from all over the state were honored through the Kongsan.
The three traders are Tamal Dey, 38, of Killapara, Dulan Mahanta, 36, of Killapara and Durgapada Dutta, 35, of Chaipani.
India ranked 136th, lower than Pakistan, which ranked
“Therefore, with the completion of these three medical colleges, we are sure that we will be able to produce more than what we have now and also it will be easier in our own state,” he said.
She received a cash prize of T.1.5 lakh for her performance in the competition.
In the second semi final, Sunrise Academy beat Nongthymmai Nepali School by 24 runs.
“There is a terrible level of corruption in Meghalaya, if you talk to many departments of the Government you will find only fraud and corruption and our Prime Minister will try to protect, instead of punish those who MPYC President Adrian L. Chyne Mylliem said in an interview with the media.
The committee headed by MPCC President DD Lapang on Monday met to review the nomination papers of the candidates for the Shillong and Tura Parliamentary constituencies before sending them to the National Assembly. However, the AICC has surprised the applicants by extending the deadline for submitting applications.
As the Chief Minister, he said that in the last five years, his government has allocated funds to build dilapidated schools and repair those that have dilapidated as part of the improvement of education.
The one who shot because he was hungry, first picked up the bread and ate it.
The Union has warned Bah Lyngdoh not to use such words again, said a statement from the Union of Rangbah Shnong Nongthymmai Pyllun.
“The elections in 2023 will be between the rich and the poor mostly farmers and the people should elect Bah Lynshiang as the next leader because he is the one who always Pala said that 95% of the people of Mawkynrew Constituency are farmers and therefore the Constituency needs a leader who is right. a native of the area and well aware of the farmers’ plight.
He said he asked about the difference between general doctors and specialist doctors and Dr. Aman said they are the same.
“As the newly elected Village Leader, I understand that there has been a terrible corruption in the village, one of the clearest evidence is on the CC Motorable Road from Kyrdem to Lum Tower which has been damaged. “We have spent up to T.15 lakh, but no sign of this has been seen and this has left the residents of the village in darkness,” said Bah Pynhun Mawroh.
l The target is to create jobs for about 5 lakh people by
In fact, this disease threatens at least 50% of alcoholics and is the cause of brain damage which can lead to death.
“They have been detained at the Meghalaya Police Battalion for three days.
On the occasion of the swearing-in ceremony of the Cabinet, Dr. Lyngdoh said, “Meghalaya is not outside India, we are part of this country. I am pleased and honored to be on the same page with the Prime Minister because we have to move forward with the country as a whole.
FTTH is a technology implemented by BSNL, which aims to provide a strong and fast network to internet users.
Danggo had intended to resign from the Congress MLA seat to allow him to contest from the NPP in the mid-term elections, but he had set rules for the NPP leading the government not to. Ranikor Civil Sub-Division.
He said that the state government has allocated assistance to 25 colleges and improved more than 300 school buildings in the last five years.
“Our culture has declined and is about to disappear if we don't stand together to preserve it.
If Alcaraz wins the trophy at the tournament in the Spanish capital, he will defeat Serbian star Novak Djokovic from first place. in the world rankings by playing matches at the Italian Open to be held in Rome next month.
The PMGSY scheme has also been praised by the central government.
The State has now paid for these.
In this regard, Naidu, Babu and others were found guilty of refusing to cooperate with the police and demanded that they should be provided with a bus with air pollution. for the purpose of relocating them.
He said that through this meeting, they should not only learn to read and write but also to learn to live a life that pleases God.
Application forms should be submitted before 20th July, 2018, and those who wish to learn the Khasi language should be 18 (18) years of age or older.
Various competitions were held during the two-day program including tyrko nia competition, information, drawing and painting competition, flute, drama, song and dance competition. The program started with a welcome ceremony for nine high schools and four colleges from the district.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The former President of the Khasi Author Society (KAS) Prof. SS Majaw on Tuesday said that India is the home of all languages. the house of fools of tongues.
Finely Papang 2000-2004, Raphoi Jakai 2004-2011 and Nidayoo Papang 2011-2
“We have heard you (NEEPCO) as part of the state government and as much as you need we have provided, therefore, don't move away from here,” he said. Parvin Bakshi, Governor of the State Government, on Tuesday said that it is not easy for the people and millions of people to have a special love for central government companies like NEEPCO. “I have decided to relocate the headquarters of NEEPCO from Meghalaya and now I will say that NEEPCO has no intention of leaving Shillong,” said Parvin.
“How can a child grow if there is no electricity, if there is no reading? The decline from Secondary, Higher Secondary to Degree and to NEHU has now dropped to a level that we cannot even tell you about it has become a shame for us NEHUSU students,” said the NEHUSU leaders. The State through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is now preparing to introduce an action plan regarding the appointment and transfer of health workers including nurses working in various health facilities of the Government. .
Nongpoh, Nailur 20: A child named Iamelahun-lang Shadap, 3 years old, from Umsning Umsohlang, has died in a tragic incident in Umsning Umsohlang. He died after falling into a small stream near Umsning Lumroman.
FKJGP Central Body leaders led by FKJGP General Secretary Dundee Cliff Khongsit Kitboklang Nongphlang, FKJG Central Organizing Secretary Danny Nongrum and others have visited Jaintia Hills since 31st July Leaders of FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone were also present.
He also praised the Prime Minister for his ability to bring up to T.20,000 crore on externally aided projects (EAPs) to the state.
On this subject, he also spoke about the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act 2006, saying that the Supreme Court will punish those children who marry at an early age. it is 18 years old for women and 21 years old for men.
In myself, I feel that the roots of thought also encourage us not to do anything wrong, to stir up, to stir up, to stir up, to stir up, to stir up and stir up in my own mind. body to give the cause of lade.
Dorith Marak took the most wickets for 4/44 in 4.4 overs.
One Christian said, "It is amazing that Sir John Roberts could humble himself to live in Nongsawlia.
There are many duruts and minot thop in their hills and fields and so on to support their families.
Now they are masters in their own country because of the word of God.
The night before he was shot dead, he had seized about 35 trucks carrying illegal coal on the Mairang-Azara road in Assam.
Earlier, Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital has come to light for misuse of funds through an RTI request by some young people of the Presbyterian Church who have raised allegations of misuse of funds. The hospital was inaugurated by the Medical Superintendent of the Hospital, Dr David Tariang and the Administrative Officer, Bah KT Rynjah.
“Every state will get the money, the states in the region and Meghalaya will also get the money,” he said.
Shillong: Following the shootout between a suspect and police on the 14th of November 2021 near Sherwood School near Tura, the suspect was killed. and he fell down dead at that place.
“When the kur is strong, the family is strong and when the family is strong, the kur relationship is strong,” said Bah Martle.
Nongpoh Nailar, 06: With the aim of bringing about a change in the youth after mistakes, from evil to good and to bring about a free life after being addicted to alcohol especially drugs and others. The Business Association of the Church of God Meghalaya and Assam on Saturday opened a training centre. This is the first time that I have visited the Rehabilitation Center in Syadrit, Umsning, Ri Bhoi District.
On this issue, he said the party has written to the Chief Secretary of the Meghalaya government and explained the situation.
Portuguese football star Cristiano Ronaldo has denied rumors of uncertainty about his future after his current club Saudi Arabia signed him. Al Nassr have failed to win the trophy in the current season.
“After the removal of Bashemphang Thabah, we demand that the KHADC should expedite the election to elect the full Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong so that the Khadar rule in the Hima Sohiong can run smoothly. don't play chess.
In the exhibition football match between Officers FC and MLA FC at MFA Turf, Polo Ground, Shillong, Officers FC beat MLA FC 5-0 0 col.
“The party has nothing to do with this and therefore, immediately withdraw the support of your party from your party.
The NPP leaders have expressed their disappointment in the Shillong constituencies but have expressed their confidence that they will win in the rural constituencies.
Mynthong SC, led by AFC 'C' Coach Ryum Khonglah, has set a record in the Super Division of the WJDSA this season and has beaten the last 7 Wasa of the MSL and WJDSA. The 7th team of the Shillong League will have to play in the qualifying round against the third place team of the Shillong League to qualify for the MSL on the 18th of this month.
cases in Ribhoi, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 11 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
The announcement was canceled on 13th July 2020 and the new fare approved by the JAC and JHCMA was T.7 to T.11 from T.9 per kilometer per tonne for rong roads, T.8-1 T10 per kilometer for roads and T.10-12 per kilometer for dirt roads.
Rahul was accompanied by senior Congress leaders who demanded that Modi should apologize immediately.
In Shella, there are 29,582 voters including 14,844 female and 14,698 male.
According to the rules of the UDP, the election of leaders is not through elections, but at the discretion of the Nomination Committee which has about 30 members who are the party's top office bearers from all over the country.
The Office of the Electoral Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, is pleased to announce that the Booth Level Officers will come to the Polling Stations to work for these posts from 27-10-2 -12-2023.
Speaking on the occasion, the VVP candidate from East-Shillong constituency, Bah Avner Pariat, explained to those friends who do not understand Khasi that he spoke in English, by saying why When he entered politics, many people asked, people doubted that a young person would take part in politics, because they thought young people should focus on education to get but such thoughts should no longer exist because they have seen the neglect of the youth, the decline in education, income and lack of there are adequate health facilities.
The UDP will not be willing or able to withdraw from the MDA 2.0 Government.
“The government of Dr Mukul Sangma has taken a decision within the Cabinet not to allow any more uranium mining in the state and especially after the strong opposition of the residents,” he said.
She said that this inspection is aimed at ensuring that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is trying to monitor the operation of all hospitals and provide them with everything. There is another meeting to be held in the coming days to look at other areas and what needs to be done by the government to ensure that the working methods are proper.
“Furthermore, Bah Rani added that his pyrsa has started to gain strength and they are very happy after being able to remove the thyrnia.
Nosmi Hahshah, Chief Legal Aid Defense Counsel, DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District, in a short session, spoke and gave information to the students on the Information Technology Act and the Juvenile Justice Act that as school children should know and how to proceed.
Monica Singh took one wicket in two overs.
In the past, if you look at the road, it has been a real challenge for the people in coming and going and the responsibility of the Central Government and the State Government will continue in the coming days. There is still a change that has benefited the people of the state.
Some people say that the pond has changed color earlier, but this time, it is different from what used to happen in the past, when the pond was very strong.
The roads include the long road between the North Portal of the Atal Tunnel to Darcha (National Highway 3), from Darcha to Shinkula to Zanksar, from Koksar to Losar (National Highway 5) and from Tandi to Kadhu Nullah.
It is painful to see people who are hard-hearted when others learn to obey, but they themselves behind the scenes oppose.
The Detail Project Report (DPR) is currently being prepared.
Shillong: The Riwar Cup will start in November at Bakur Dawki Stadium.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Joshi said, “The NGT ban on coal mining is one of the top issues that the workers have discussed and asked for clarification from him”.
There are more than 200 community health centers within the Heart city.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 53 people in the state have tested positive for Covid-1
On the other hand, Fr.Shephen Lamin, Parish Priest of Nongjri Parish, Mawshynrut, said that in fact he did not expect to get this building, because initially he asked for assistance only for the toilets and other minor needs.
So she began to tell Panah.
In this regard, the union requests the Core Committee of the miners to repair and fill the soil of the road as they have done in the past months so that the traffic will not be inconvenienced. Shillong, Nailur 23: The supporters of the HSPDP Nongspung Sohiong, have urged Samlin Malngiang to contest the mid-term elections. This is the Constituency.
Therefore, they are forced to clean themselves with slaked lime or wood ash that they collect and burn from the wood ashes they cook in their homes.
People who can repay the loan quickly may be eligible for additional financial assistance.
Paisal Ali and Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria took three wickets each.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Ratachera said that the village council does not agree with what the government has done beyond the letter sent and demanded to fix the warding that the boundary should be in the middle of the river. .
Kyrmen Shylla said that if the HNLC feels that it has the right to threaten the political parties, it has nothing to say against them. If they have anything against the Government, they should come forward to the table of negotiations because the Government is ready to negotiate but not to threaten and do anything against the Government. They can take the lives of people not only the lives of political parties but also the lives of the people as well and if a bomb explodes who will be blamed at that time.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: BBS College has won the first title in the Commerce Class XII examination with Pema Lama, a student of BBS College, Shillong. St Anthony's Secondary School has won the first place in Science.
All the cement plants have captive thermal power plants which generate electricity through coal.
He said that there have been villages which have destroyed the crops and agriculture of the people due to the border dispute.
This has caused a lot of loss to the youth who apply for jobs because of the age and on the other hand, the youths who pass every year are waiting without any opportunity to apply for jobs.
Jha has been on the run for about 10 years after being arrested by the police after a riot broke out at CMJ University after he was sent to the university for illegally awarding his PhD degree. young people do not act according to the rules.
The Khasi Student Union (KSU) Thadsning Unit, West Jaintia Hills District, on the 9th of this month, distributed 10 KG of rice to 12 poor families in Thadsning.
The Seng Samla also celebrated the Silver Jubilee as part of the 25 years of service of the Seng Samla in the village and in honor of the former leaders of the Seng Samla, The leaders of the Samla Seng on this occasion also honored the former leaders of the Samla Seng, Village Leaders and Longkmie Longkpa, who have taken part in serving together for the betterment of the village. thaw.
Whether it is in the world, in the community or in society, including in the world.
On the 15th of this month, a post mortem was conducted at the Shillong Civil Hospital.
He praised the school for the projects that the children have created.
" “We are reviewing and preparing in this regard.
Shri Syed Md A Razi (IRTS), who is also the Mission Director of Jal Jeevan Mission Meghalaya, the Chief Engineer of PHE, Bah CR Challam and the Additional Chief Engineer & State Coordinator for Jal Jeevan Mission Meghalaya, Kong BM Lyndem and other government officials.
When he said that the MRSSAB is a bill that has no impact, he said he cannot do anything about it but it is up to the state government to convince the Minister of Home Affairs.
These items were the bowls donated by the leaders of the UDP candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the Pressure Cooker donated by the leaders of the NPP candidate Bah Mohendro. Meeting.
However, the distance is about 45 minutes on foot from Steplanglur to Mawphathien village and this village has not even had electricity for about 8 years.
“However, for the reasons mentioned herein, the notification issued Nos. SG.12/97/238 and No.SG.12/97/239, both dated 9th November, 2020 have been rejected. sharud and counted dead and the writ petition was allowed to proceed,” the court said.
Without hope the mind is dim and dark.
According to the report, Azizur Rehman, 45, and his wife were on their way to the kitchen to buy tea. the moment they were turning on the stove, the nearby cooking smoke drum suddenly caught fire.
On the other hand, the participants came from all over the schools of Nongpoh area to showcase their talents, especially with the aim of protecting and preserving wildlife especially animals and endangered species. duh kind.
He said that in Shallang, if you invite foreigners, you will not be able to return home.
Because there will be no Lok Sabha elections, in which Meghalaya has four seats, it is expected that there will be no issues that will attract the attention of the people.
However, many paid people you don't recognize in public places – anyone or anything else may be plagiarism.
The Union also urges the Governing Body to support the Union in this endeavor to implement the demand and soon they will meet with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District on the advice of the Minister.
The death toll from the natural disasters since the heavy rains has risen to 12 across the state, while two people are still missing.
They are not the only ones who are afraid of changing the classroom admission system at the higher levels.
On the other hand, the SAFF feels that the Meghalaya Gaming Rules 2021, which has added subsection (1) Section 29 of the Meghalaya Gaming Rules, 2021, will allow the opening of various games such as casinos, gambling establishments across the state and to produce all kinds of crimes and to defame the name of the state as a whole.
For more information please contact the Hon. General Secretary of the Association or its office bearers.
They explain to us the characteristics of societies and also the path of life.
Therefore, many people have become involved in false news until it has affected the peace, relationships with the community and so on.
Alem scored the first goal after he caught the ball outside the Lajong goal and positioned it well to squeeze the ball until it turned. ir to the jar.
Finally, the JSU demands that the government should appoint Computer teachers in various schools and colleges in Jaintia Hills as it has already distributed tablets to Class XII students. They don't have that side affect as in foreign languages.
Another source said that the UDP will send its complaint against the CEM on Tuesday as it has understood through the statement of the DCA Minister to the media, Bah Prestone. Tynsong said the government does not want to challenge the KHADC if there is no complaint and it is on this basis that the UDP has lodged a complaint.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Ministers of Home Affairs of the State Government, AMPU General Secretary Ramen Das has decided to cancel the strike notices from Tuesday. to come after receiving assurances from the Government.
Jowai: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA), the Jaintia Hills Trucks Owners Association (JHTOA) and the Meghalaya Truckers Union (MTU) have decided to suspend the The protest against the cement plants on the grounds that the cement plants have promised to pay the transportation fee as stipulated by the government.
In fact, Faleiro is scheduled to visit the city tomorrow to meet with the party MLAs in the state after the protest against the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The Khasi, the Pnar, the Bhoi, the War, the Lyngam, the Maram, the Muliang are all the ninth generation.
Praising the great courage, determination and courage shown by the women of various armed forces, Conrad said that the women are no less than anyone else and that this program and the motorcycle ride- thu is one example of Nari Shakti.
Speeches were also delivered by other party leaders including MLAs, MDCs of the party including Kyrmen Shylla, Jemino Mawthoh, Lasky Rymbai, MDC Mookaiaw, WG Sungoh, MDCs. The meeting was conducted by Khliehriat MDC Helping Phawa, HSPDP Youth Wing President Pynshairiwell Dkhar, former CEM Titos Chyne, Radiuis Lapasam and others. F.Row.
However, here in Shillong and elsewhere, the government has not taken action to address the problems of the people and they spend a lot of time talking about the traffic jam but they don't have the means to solve the problem. This is because the road has been small for 30-40 years.
And during the reign of Jesus here on earth, the earth will be filled with the knowledge of the Lord.
You don't have to worry about anything in Assam or Shillong.
“The people should not be misunderstood by the misleading of private individuals who are not Government employees who collect EPIC and passbook,” he said. Number to people who can take advantage.
The VPP Leader said that the Central Government's resignation by the Governor who speaks Hindi and does not speak English is an insult and disrespect to the people of Meghalaya. I don't understand Hindi.
It is learned that the residents of the area are facing a serious problem because during the rainy season they have to walk to carry food items and even when there are sick people.
“However, it is unfortunate that after 10 years of submitting the report, the Government has not been able to reveal the facts.
The Congress people have no sense and responsibility but they continue to commit corruption from each other.
Websites that have already been approved include; www.meghalaya.
He said that according to the information received from him, the SP Ribhoi office has the highest number of vacancies with 540 posts. Garo Hills 157, Deputy Inspector General of Police 2 posts, IGP Shillong 255, Office Commandant SF10 26, DGP 30, SP West Jaintia 79, Commandant 4th MLP Battilion Sohpian 90, 1st Battelion 142, DIGP Western 2 SP Gar West , SP West Khasi Hills 41, SP east Garo 2, Directorate of Anti Infiltration 75, Principal Police Training School 13, Commandant 3rd Battellion 240, SP North Garo Hills 18, SP South West Garo Hills 45.
He said that Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani has written a letter to Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on this issue.
It was during his tenure that Meghalaya entered the World Book of World Records.
Speakers included the Secretary of JSU Khliehriat Circle, Samla A.Lyngdoh.
“Through the “Shillong My Passion” the State Government aims to encourage all the residents of Shillong to join hands and make our State a garbage free State. .
John 8:44.
Senegal scored another goal through Famara Diedhou (48) in the first half, but Qatar didn't back down and tried to score. In the 78th minute, Qatar scored their first goal of the World Cup 2022 through Muhammad Muntari.
The TP has been collected by the Autonomous District Council (ADC) at a cost of T.4,000 per truck.
The 2023 elections are for the Assembly and the people have elected many of the political parties in the government.
The prophet Nahum 1:10 says, "They shall be burned up like a lamb.
The issue of ILP and Khasi and Garo languages ​​had already been passed by this Government in the Assembly to please and reassure the people of Bapli at that time, but the issue of ILP has begun to disappear and the issue of introducing the ILP The Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra has now been translated into Hindi.
This year, there were 927 participants in the Shad, including 429 men and 435 women.
The JSM and AJTCVA also questioned whether in other places there has been a delay in the payment of toll gate fees to the villagers, while in West Jaintia Hills the NHAI has collected taxes from all without forgiveness.
He also appealed to the leaders of Mawkyrwat, Ranikor, Mawphang and Mawsynram Constituencies to cooperate in order to convey to the Government of India to allocate more for the National Highway.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the Raij Tuber has been able to build a monument to Woh Tep Kyndait as a preservation of the name, fame and story only for the heroes of the area.
When conducting such campaigns against tobacco, this will also set an example not only to the public and even to the students of the school to know that drinking or eating tobacco, this will affect not only It also affects those who use and affects even the public who are present especially such as cigarettes and beer or other smoking beverages.
Carlos Martinez Rodriguez (83) and Victor Rodriguez scored 10 assists.
The survivors and the damage were witnessed while the CM and other government officials were on their way to investigate the incident which also claimed the life of an employee named Sampath Singh Jangir who works as a manager. within Bhajanlal.
In a statement sent by JSU Publicity Secretary Dapmain Suchiang, JSM Publicity Secretary N. Ribok Biam and HITO Publicity Secretary Yomiki Passah, they said that this year's Behdienkhlam it will bring hope, blessings, health, prosperity in all aspects especially for improved income and peace in society.
In this regard, Lakhan requested the police to take the necessary action and arrest the perpetrators.
It may be recalled that on the 23rd, all the equipment including 50 beds, various machines, were brought by two trucks and taken to the Mawkyrwat Hospital.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the women who earn their living by selling kwai dong in the market said that these days they don't earn enough money because the price of kwai is higher than the price of tympew.
Speaking on the occasion, Chairman of NESO, Bah Samuel Jyrwa said that it is because of the central government's refusal to pass laws for the safety of the indigenous people.
KHADC Police rushed to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
President Lawyerson War said that the union demands that GVK should return the remaining salaries to all the employees before GVK leaves the state. This means that GVK has taken advantage of the 108 employees.
“We have seen that the Trade Department has urged foreigners to come and apply for license from KHADC,” said the statement.
From these buses, the union has arrested about 70 illegal foreigners who tried to leave Shillong in the early hours of the morning.
The president of the SSM said that the BDO of Mawphlang had conducted an inquiry in November last year.
The age of 30 years is the age of a young man and last year (2021) the District was declared as one of the Aspirational Districts.
On the 21st, police arrested Predikson A. Sangma alias Ara while he was on his way to collect the money demanded from the complainants from Rongjeng Reserve Forest.
x) The participation of Khasi writers in the programs of the Festival of Letters in New Delhi or elsewhere every year.
He said that the excise duty is expected to increase by 15% and the State will receive more revenue of about T.50 crore per annum.
We all know that all this is happening because of the influx of people to the urban areas because they feel that life is easier and more profitable, whether it is in the workplace. health facilities, schools and others.
Shillong: Malki Sports Club has been invited by the organizers to host the 65th Bharat Ratna Football Tournament 2018 this year.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The price of beef has declined since the price hike in the past few months.
The relatives of the deceased tried to meet the hospital authorities for clarification but were blocked by the security guards of the hospital.
When we speak of legislators, it means that we are like those writers, perhaps we can say, who know exactly the causes of the problems of the country.
On the same day, Prof SP Singh Baghel also visited the Aganwadi Center in Saiden and the Health and Wellness Center in Umsaw Nongkharai.
Baneerjee was born on July 23, 1936, in Moynaguri, near Jappaiguri, West Bengal.
(date).
Shylla said that the KHADC is not a department of the State Government, as it is an autonomous body, the State Government cannot recognize the District Council as its Department.
Speaking at a public meeting of the Khliehtyrshi Assembly on Tuesday, Madonbai said that rumors have spread that Sniawbhalang Dhar has nominated candidates across the MDC constituencies against the National People's Party (NPP) candidates.
This was announced by the Prime Minister at a meeting of the delegation led by KHADC CEM Adelbert Nongrum and Dr Mukul Sangma today.
In this regard, the union has given 10 days to the state government to respond and take the necessary action on this issue.
Those who come from Dawki will be allowed to park on Dawki Road.
Speaking to media, Lambor said the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong is his own opinion and not that of the MDA as a whole.
Regarding the milk production industry, it was reported that T.10 crore has been given to 260 cow farmers, which is a free loan.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Shining Kharkongor praised the school for its progress in all aspects and was proud to see that the rural schools have progressed well in education and sports.
Shillong: The Public Relations Officer of MeECL today clarified on the increase in electricity supply.
However, later it was learned that the group of Prestone Tynsong will hold a meeting tomorrow night to discuss the issue. Prestone Tynsong will win the 2018 MLA elections.
With a strong urban management system in place, India can become one of the leading countries in the fight against this disease.
The nature, the mountains, the trees and wherever I turn, I see only beauty.
Shillong, October 17: Five civil society organizations including the KSU-Jaintia Hills District Unit, the AJYWO Sengkmie, the HNYF-East Jaintia Zone, the FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle and the Union of Village Rangbah Shnongs- East Jaintia Hills District has decided to continue the two-night curfew on the 20th and 21st of this month.
“I have only one question, five years ago 7000 vacancies in different departments you could not fill, those were allocated posts but not filled.
After this, the leaders of the FKJGP, Marcus Marten of the HNYF, Albert Nongrum of the HYC and Dapkupar Nongrum of the HUM, left for the meeting. They also met with the company officials and demanded that they should re-employ these youths who have been forcibly evicted from the Toll Plaza.
It is said that this Shad Sukra is a time of food and drink, a time of life for mankind through the life in nature which provides for all the four seasons. The Sukra dance will also bring about love and unity among the residents.
India, which hosts the tournament, are already in Group A while Kuwait, Nepal and Pakistan have been included after Tuesday's draw.
At the same time, he criticized the HSPDP candidate Bah Samlin Malngiang for trying to make unfounded accusations just to insult him and his family.
The accused has disappeared and the police are yet to arrest him.
On the same day, the Chief Minister of Assam also announced that the most urgent need at this time is peace and stability in Manipur.
And what makes it even more distant between the same race is the clean marriage, especially for women who marry a foreigner or a Jaidbynriew who is not of the Khasi race or their own race.
There are those who are willing to take over the lands of those who have died suddenly without a Kur or Kha, or to take over the property of those who have fled the country because of grief and suffering. you cannot follow or join their Kur and Jait.
The 74-year-old patient suffers from dementia and when she does not receive treatment in Delhi, she immediately comes to Silchar.
My complaint to the Government through the PHE is to ask what is the reason why the people of the area are suffering from water shortage when the world knows and witnesses it as a strong village. I also asked about the Central Government project Jal Jeevan Mission (Water Life Mission) why it has been implemented so far when so many works have been completed? The Engineer said that this is due to the lack of water supply systems such as Water Supply Wells in Mawsynram Village which has led to the shortage of water supply. Sources of drinking water/check dams or water supply systems have not been able to be constructed through the project but only new Top Ums have been constructed and to supply water inside their houses. Person.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the Association of Job Seekers said that the job seekers have stayed overnight at the site and will continue until the government appoints them.
At this meeting, the Minister of Defense approved the submission of Volume 11 of the Committee's report to the President of the country.
Meghalaya, along with Mizoram and Nagaland, has been exempted from the Panchayati Raj Act which means village rule but the office bearers of those Panchayats must be elected by vote. .
Thus, the system of judgment is stable and unstable; in each case, according to the demands of the time, it has been amended for the sake of the administration and justice in the south of India.
However, their bodies were recovered by diving teams and search services on 18 June.
The Meghalaya government has lost tens of crores of rupees by paying MS Associate just because it has signed a lyngkrang soskular until the company MS Associate has been able to demand money from it. government through court challenge.
Through the Enterprise Architecture Project, the State Government has also implemented technology to help poor women, to deliver medicines by drones and other projects.
This was revealed at a meeting held today at the Dorbar Shnong Nongkasen, where members and office bearers of the party, including from Markasa, Pariong, Nonglait, Myriaw, Lawbyrtun, Kynshi and others. They attended the meeting and at the meeting the people expressed their desire that Bah Damian Lyngdoh Marshilong should get the ticket so that he can also be the candidate of the HSPDP. there is the Constitution.
The failure of this government has been seen by many commentators on social media and also through the media.
A team of ANTF together with personnel of Khliehriat Police Station raided BMS Fuel Station Nongsning.
In Meghalaya, many of those living with HIV are day laborers who work in the morning and night, the poor, the rich and the covid19 virus and the lockdown has severely affected their income.
Along the way, Rida thought, "My sorrow has appeared even on my face, my friend has recognized me but I have to hide it but one day I will tell her what I have done. happened to me..."When she reached the market Panah was there waiting for her mother.
New Delhi: 'Don't ban the newspapers from writing about the judgments of the court,' said the Supreme Court today, hearing the Election Commission's petition against the decision. of the Madras HC, in which it has strongly criticized the conduct of the Election Commission, the various elections, during the covid pandemic.
From War Jaintia, NPP candidate Hed Pothmi and War Central have filed their nomination papers.
Meanwhile, the General Secretary, Bah Aristotle Lyngdoh, said that the Khasi Kurs are the owners of the nation and the purpose of the Union is to protect the country and the nation in various fields.
Boxing: Bainlumlin L.Nongpyiur and Daniel W. Marbaniang (Head Coach).
He said that the children are the future of the community and the area, and praised the number of students in this school and the schools in the urban areas, where the children are brave. to play chess and participate in various programs at an early age.
In a letter to the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Ali wrote that Bidhuri had insulted and called Muslims Muslims. riew weapons.
Steveford Marweiñ, MCS, EAC, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the involvement of people especially the youth in such alcoholic beverages is very dangerous. Their lives, primarily because of their desire for pleasure, or perhaps just to solve the problems they face at home, they try to drink alcohol. alcohol or drugs and this is something that leads to addiction.
Why do they lose sight of this? They say that a woman understands her sister.
He said that if the drivers find and encounter that the Assam police are harassing them, they should inform the union so that it can take the necessary action, as not only from Meghalaya but also from Assam will cooperate.
It is to be recalled that on 25th March 2021, Bah Pynbait Sutnga has lodged a petition before the NGT Eastern Zone alleging that the illegal coke factories in Sutnga area are They said that these factories are only 100-300 meters away from the inhabited villages.
The trial is aimed at identifying talented children who have produced talented athletes in the country.
Shillong, March 31 : The State Government on Tuesday approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Excise Amendment Rules, 2021 to re-classify the brands of liquor to The Excise Department will collect an additional revenue of T.50 crore from the Kyiad.
A).
This was announced after a meeting between the two ADCs at Khumulwng, Headquarters of TTAADC, on the morning of 26th June, 2023 led by Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, CEM. Executive Members including Martle N Mukhim, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Teiborlang Pathaw, Mitchell Wankhar, Rangkynsai Kharbuki and officers.
Due to the power outages these days, students who have prepared well for their examinations do not have the opportunity to revise their papers before they go to their examination centres. .
The closing speech was delivered by Bah L.Passah, CE, PWD (R) and welcome speech was delivered by Bah M.Kharnaior, EE.PWD (R) Mawkyrwat Division.
Assam Rifles Public School, Ïewrynghep Secondary School and Umphyrnai Presbyterian HSS won the District Level Inter School Su-broto Mukherjee Cup Football tournament organized by the District Sports Office (DSO). East Khasi Hills District.
These people who are closely monitoring the administration of the KHADC, have also expressed that they have seen that there are Basa in Ïewduh who used to sell to the Khasi, including the land. Khasi land owned by other non-Khasi ethnic groups.
On the occasion, Bah Brandon Shangpliang, Vice-President of HITO, Ri-Bhoi District, in the presence of Bah T Kharjahrin, Rangbah Shnong, Bah T Kharjahrin, Bah Iabhalang Nongrum, Finance Secretary, HITO in Ri Bhoi District and many others.
If as a people we consider ourselves sheep to be led by others, we have broken our spiritual freedom and become led.
When asked about the UDP, he said the UDP leaders have not said anything on this and this is their internal matter, but so far only the BJP and HSPDP have approved this.
Where else are those preservation of the Khasi culture when only ten troh are fighting to preserve the culture while the people are fighting against the complete destruction of the language and customs of the Khasi people.
A committee was also formed to look into the whole matter.
The President of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, said that the Income Tax Department should conduct a thorough investigation into this, as there are people from Meghalaya whose names have been mentioned in the deposit of money abroad. country.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Mandaviya said the Government wants to ensure that everyone has access to equal health services without any discrimination between the rich and the poor. document.
This is what I have to tell the Christians why I left the BJP,” said John Leslee.
The Cirrus SR22 was flying from Canberra and crashed at about 3 pm on Tuesday near Queanbeyan, about 290 kilometers or 180 miles away. ) and Sydney.
However, you can still do work at work and at the same time you can give them as much joy as you like.
Perhaps the most interesting word structure is the word Suppisa Suptyngka for the household that raises money because the words suplumpisa suplumtyngka have become too long.
Painting Competition – on the theme of Saving Mother Earth First Prize: Sacred Heart UPS, Lamyrsiang, Second Prize: Little Star UPS, Lad Rymbai and Third Prize: Lumjingshai UPS, Tluh.
The storm has also destroyed houses in Jirang and other villages in Ri Bhoi.
Before the start of the tournament, various programs were held including march passes of various schools in the area, various songs and dances.
The NPP candidate who completed his B.A (Hons.
“Others, whether Chief Minister or Minister, have given and returned, but he won and died in office,” he said.
Mukhla FC beat Mupliang 6-1 on the opening day of the L) Kesilroy Pala Invitational Knock Out Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday. .
The chef is not offended when the guests eat only a little.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister of Assam said, “As you know, Assam and Meghalaya have 12 border disputes. These two states have taken steps to resolve this dispute and in the presence of the Union Minister we have already signed a memorandum of understanding for the resolution of the 6 sites. dropped within the first wat".
It is necessary to decide how vehicles should drive on the roads to prevent traffic jams due to traffic jams as well as to reduce carbon dioxide emission from vehicles.
Let's see how much you know how to start milushlia even what is alive in the hearts of the Khasi people. There are many people who speak badly of Bah Purningstar Shabong... but I will just say this one.
Shillong: The lack of attention of the state government on the border with Assam has led to the people of Assam crossing the border and destroying land and stealing natural resources. you are tens of thousands.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Executive Member (EM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Fisheries, Bah Donkupar Sumer, on Tuesday said that the Council has decided to improve the market through the acceptance and recognition of the National Fisheries. The NFDB will provide 90 percent of the funds.
Bah Metbah said he will come and join the party candidate.
He said that through the Meghalaya Signbank App, the state government has moved forward to become a bridge connecting all and those with special characteristics.
“The plant has not worked to save itself,” he said, adding that he and Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem, MLA Shella have spoken to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the issue. “However, as the leaders, we understand that the Government will spend another Rs 200 crore on this plant to save it,” he said. they are still maintained through subsidies from the Government.
Shillong: Before the start of the Samla Synod Service held at Khadsaw Phra College on Friday, Pastor RR Cunville visited the Open Library of the College. The Centenery Revival in 2006 and 2007 which has pleased his soul, that the College has placed a memorial to the events of those years to comfort the future generations. to know about this great revival which took place in Mairang.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: A shooting incident by unidentified persons has taken place along the Umsning Old Road.
JOWAI: The Women's Church of Jowai Presbytery will hold a Crusade from 11-13 March 2019 at Jerusalem Square, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
The job seekers said that besides meeting with the Governor, they will also meet with the Chief Secretary Bah WMS Pariat and the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to inform them about this. the DHS and other recruitment problems.
The MPUF Central Governing Body led by President Dapoi Wanmi Laloo, President Michal Chyrmang, Publicity Secretary Hamwer Bhoi and Finance Secretary Mainlip Lathong visited the village. Nartiang to renew the office bearers of MPUF Nartiang Circle on Saturday.
The adhoc teachers also demanded that the old members of the Adhoc should be promoted to the deficit system of Meghalaya.
Saroj Super Specialty Hospital and Shanti Mukund Hospital have been running out of oxygen since early this morning and the Saroj Super Specialty Hospital has lodged a complaint with the High Court this afternoon requesting to purchase oxygen. oxygen, from the company INOX, where it was approved and was able to be used for several hours.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, the Vice President of the HNYF Sengkmie and President of the HNYF Northern Region, Bah Marcus Marten, said that the HNYF is willing to express to the people. The state is ready to accept that the President of the HNLC will be the ksiang of the HNLC for the purpose of peace talks with the Meghalaya government, as the party serves for the welfare and development of the HNLC. The State has decided to reach the path of peace talks between the Government of Meghalaya, the Government of India and the HNLC who are ready to come to the end of the talks and will no longer be able to continue their violent activities. peaceful to the people.
Nongpoh: A Ford Mustang GT (UP 16 1423) has collided with a stone on the NH-1423 road. 6 in the village of Jyntru, Ri Bhoi.
Besides this player, the Meghalaya Cricket Association has also appointed two foreign players who have led the state team, Rajesh Bishnoi and Nakul Verma.
The price of Mineral Mixture is 7100 tyngka to 7350 tyngka.
The cause of the electrical shock was after a water pipe collided with an electrical wire with a capacity of up to 1000 watts. they shall be caught in the power of fire and shall die in the same place.
Many questions arise about the post of Lamphang.
Speaking to media, Bah Daniel Syngai, President Seng Samla Mawkhar, said that as a youth organization, the youth organization is deeply saddened to see that many youngsters have fallen victim to alcohol through the youth organization. drugs.
However, in the first half, the Hill State of Meghalaya passed halfway through.
Speaking on the suspension of up to three and a half years, she said, “We will wait, after three and a half years we can rejoin the Congress.
Speaking to media, the Director of the Khasi Indigenous Foundation, Bah Niman Shadap said that those who wish to participate should send their names and videos from 27th November 7 March 2023.
for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.—1 Corinthians 3:1
“We also order that security forces should be provided when the judges of the Court leave or when they walk up and down,” said the Division Bench.
The Uddhav Thackeray-led Shiv Sena (UBT) on Sunday announced that it will hold a protest in Delhi against the collection of entrance fees for tourists. Pilgrims who intend to visit the holy place at Amarnath in the northern parts of Kashmir.
The Government of India's target of bringing drinking water to every household through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) will be meaningless if the conservation of forests is not protected. wells, streams and rivers which have begun to turn into garbage dumps and dustbins of people who hate garbage and who love only to clean only the four corners of their homes.
Nongpoh, Lber 06: Six shops have collapsed in Patharkhmah Market on Saturday after a fire broke out in the market. The shops in the market have been destroyed.
The fire that burns in the shniuh is sprinkled with powder and when the fire is extinguished, the fireman sprinkles powder again so that the fire will burn again and after that, he covers it with powder. snad to cover the shniuh head.
On the other hand, Mr. Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat in his speech explained how the citizens of the country can benefit from the three Ration Cards which are based on the allocation of allocation from the Government of Delhi including the AAY Card. , PHH Card and Non NFSA card.
Never cheat her to death.
Chairman of the school Pradip Kumar IPS, IG BSF Meghalaya and Principal Abha Sharma congratulated and praised the students who passed well and brought glory to the school.
These explanations should be conducted in schools, ASHAs and others.
Isn't this a blatant attempt to force parents to send their children to school part-time?
Through the Education portal, it provides detailed information to the youth to know about their working methods, to take various examinations to study in various universities whether national or international. The Government of India will support them through the Scholarship or Education Loan.
The recruitment of these persons has been done by paying T.5 lakh to T.15 lakh just to get a job after failing or passing the Selection Tests.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong will hold a public meeting on the 26th of this month to explain to the public about the MUDA boundary crossing in Upper Shillong.
The School Association also sought information regarding the news that the government will implement the Education Policy issued by the School Association. SSA teachers as regular teachers, which has left the teachers in a state of great confusion.
To talk about the farmer and agriculture, people don't like to listen because agriculture itself is considered to be a job that doesn't need to be discussed or doesn't need to be discussed. in front of the rich hold books and clothes and sit on chairs or walk on the street.
Shillong: The KHNAM Youth Wing (KYWW) has written to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Shillong. The Khasi have not owned the Khasi clan for their own benefit, to avoid the Trading License Regulation 1954, to get the share of the Scheduled Tribes in various areas and so on. .
He said that all the political parties in the constituency are still thinking how to improve their unity until the 2018 MLA elections.
Technical Support: Monitoring to strengthen the skills of those involved in the work in the States, Districts, Blocks and panchayats to ensure speedy and efficient implementation.
The Minister said that as of now, the government has already paid T.100 crore, but although the government has already paid the remaining amount, it is still T.531 crore. They still have to pay to NTPC and this payment comes from the 2007 agreement.
Two days before the start of the budget session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the UDP has promised that its MDCs will strongly oppose the session on nine issues. The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the party has not received a reply.
As the poet Soso tham says, When the chains of trouble are overwhelming, it is difficult to break the chain of it, even if it is small.
The United States is preparing to no longer fight with the human brain, but is now developing a new artificial brain that will guide warfare. of the army in the days to come.
and the rest of the tip is not public.
Conrad Sangma has dismissed 1200 teachers from the post.
On the other hand, Bah E.Kharmalki, IAS, Secretary, Mining and Geology, Transport, has been promoted to the post of Managing Director, Mining and Geology, Transport.
Jowai, June 7: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District today issued an order under Section 144 CrPC to prohibit and prohibit truck drivers from spreading fly-ash. to transport the dewbilat factories to East Jaintia Hills.
Cho:spirit of man, spirit of love, Spirit of dedication for the Khasi country.
“The talks will probably last for a while but due to the ethnic conflict in Manipur, this process has been postponed and we believe that the talks will start soon,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Christabell said that as the party, it has gone to investigate and find out the truth about this, by meeting with the people who live in the area. Umlaper, Ummat, Umtlih and other villages, but the union found that these residents have EPIC from this state, without having to go to Assam to vote.
Therefore, on the above grounds, the union urges the state government to implement the Mawhati C&RD Block, so that it will be convenient not only for the village leaders, but also for the people who visit the Mawhati C&RD Block. to complete the many works that go through the C&RD Block, he added.
We are confident that with the receipt of this contract, we will be able to provide support to the state to alleviate that problem in terms of lack of access to health services in the area, and at the same time to further strengthen to disseminate information on health insurance and also to strengthen our presence in the North East.
The gold medal winners were Faustina Kassar, Banrilang Muktieh, Christina Kassar, Lucky Mary Pangcho, Samona Ingti, Ridaplin Klein, Heilin Rongpei and Khamtimon Rympei while the silver medal winners were Bawan Kassar. Mariawan Kassar, Therina Ingti and the bronze medal winners were Jecika Pangcho, Sabani Kongor and Josphin Hanse.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that during the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, they will discuss all the outstanding issues of the state from the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to the introduction of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the state. the Phra Khyrnit in addition to this is the boundary setting.
The arrested were identified as Sakaria Thongni, Golden Star Lyngdoh, Pynshailang Nongtrai and Federick Syiemiong.
Ministers and posts held so far, there are 8 Ministers from Khasi Jaintia Hills and 4 Ministers from Garo Hills.
If any foreigners are found without proper documents, the Waheh Shnongs can inform the council and we will punish those who commit the offence,” said EM Taxation Winning Sungoh. Those present at the meeting included Edystone Shylla, Head of Iawmusiang, LD Lakiang, Head of Ladthadlaboh, Pyrkhat Shylla, Head of Mookyrdup, Albert T Gatphoh, Head of Caroline Colony, RW Sdor, Head of Loomsooing and others.
Another is Phrankor Rynjah (33 years old) who is also known as Heh of Umtyngngew village in Smit. He joined the HNLC in 2001 and another is Kyrseiboklang Lyngdoh (23 years old) The arrested ULFA member was identified as Bikhat Ahom (29) of Dalaigaon village, Bongaigaon-Assam.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Baiateilang Lapang, said that there are many foreigners who have come to work in the state without proper documents. The Seng Bhalang has been conducting raids on foreigners from time to time, which have brought about crime and it is not known whether these states who come to work have committed many crimes.
At the end of the day, the team won 11 gold, 6 silver and 5 bronze medals. The group will not only celebrate their own district, but it will be a great honor and a happy day for all the school children of Garo Hills, because the The title in such a tournament is won after many years, and if we talk about it, most of the titles in such a tournament are won by the men. or schools from the districts of Ri-Bhoi, East Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Not only that, he said that the BSF, have been crossing the border after getting the land, the employment of foreigners, the residents of the area and the Therefore, the Seng does not want to see that the road to Nongkhnum will be like the road to U Lum. Shillong, and said that the village where the BSF camp is proposed to be located will also be a major headquarters for the West and South West Khasi Hills Districts.
Shillong, July 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that it will not stop its protest against the railway line. The party will announce other measures to show its opposition to the government's plan to build a railway line in these areas and urges the people to join hands. Together with the party to fight against this government's plan which is like the destruction of our minority”.
It is understood that tomorrow Bah Nongsiej will spend more time in Mawkyllei with the relatives of Maieit Hoping.
The four injured were taken to the civil hospital for treatment.
One of the elders, while talking to this reporter, said that most of the time it is seen that when there is an earthquake incident in urban or rural areas, it is seen that immediately within minutes or hours the puh is sent. shilum to clean up and clear the road, but this incident has happened for six months now but no one has turned aside.
The complaint was sent to the Deputy CEM of GHADC, Nikman Ch Marak, and has also appeared in the media.
In the last match in Goa, Churchill Brothers beat Lajong 4-2
“Speaking on the similar problems faced by Nagaland, Assam and other states of the region, Pala said he has already seen that the central government does not really care about the North East.
It was for this reason that the Syiem of Jaintiapur ordered the construction of the Durga Temple at Nartiang when he made Nartiang his summer capital by bringing together the priests and temple servants at Nartiang.
Up to 200 pieces of clothes were distributed to 11 villages.
KHNAM President Adelbert Nongrum said that since the establishment of the Chandrachud Commission, the border reconciliation has not come to fruition and even the talks between the Prime Ministers and the Status Quo have not come to fruition. didn't have any idea.
The President of the Meghalaya Judo Association (MJJ) has been appointed for the year 2015 without the knowledge of the members and office bearers of the Meghalaya Judo Association.
The members said that in terms of medical education, not a single person from their community has taken the lead.
On the same issue, the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, have come forward to demand that the government should consider carefully before starting the border talks.
On this basis, the Seng Samla has sent a letter to the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima to express their no confidence in Bah Rapbor Roi Thangkhiew as the Rangbah Shnong. They also sent a letter to the Dy.CEM of KHADC in charge of the Elaka.
He said that the day of the NPP meeting coincided with the day of the wedding ceremony in Mawhati and the people from the NPP meeting flocked to the wedding house to eat.
As mentioned in [24]
The staff had all arrived.
The relatives immediately went to look for him from 5 pm.
When asked whether the weigh bridges have been constructed to weigh these trucks before entering the Mahendraganj market, Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of Legal Metrology, replied yes.
The reason for this is because what we are doing now has to do with the answer that we will have to give in the future.
“Let's see, the struggle between those who have money and those who have the spirit to help is different between those who have money and those who don't have the spirit to help.
As the indigenous Khasi, what do we have to do, but to avoid the thynrei of humanity in the world, let us pray, let us pray to our Godblei, let us stand for the ancient cause, not the judgment of man, but the judgment of man. The judgment of God, which will make us happy, not to be deceived, but to be man of the flesh, to be perfect in man – in God.
This drug abuse leads to illegal activities, corruption and social harm.
At 1.00 PM, the session will begin with a keynote address by Sister Sandaris on the topic “YOUNG PEOPLE WITH ROOTS”. IT IS THE NOW OF GOD" This was followed by a Cultural Competition among the Youth from the 18 Parishes of the Jowai Diocese.
Secondly, Article 7 of the Constitution empowers the indigenous peoples to protect, preserve, manage the land, forests, mineral resources, waters and rivers. traditional knowledge, culture and customs.
Although it is understood from the speech of the two parties that they want to appoint Bah Pynshngaiñ to the post, but according to the signs, it is clear that Bah Adelbert is closer to Bah Pynshngaiñ than Bah Sawkmie. On many occasions, Bah Adelbert was accompanied by Bah Pynshngaiñ and this was witnessed today during the meeting with the CEM who was accompanied by Bah Adelbert in the presence of Bah Banteidor. Priest.
The JNV has written to the CEO of MeECL demanding an explanation to the party and the public.
The new Executive Committee of KHADC will start its work soon.
At the same time, he encouraged and inspired them to move forward and achieve their goals by strengthening the families through cooperation and understanding between husband and wife. The family can eradicate this evil which has affected the peace and stability in the society because the strength of any nation depends on the strength of the family.
Regarding the boundary talks, it was learned that Ratacherra village wants the Malidor River to be the National Boundary and that the boundary should be between the Malidor River under the jurisdiction of Assam and the State. The Assam Government has also promised to take care of the preservation of the river and the environment.
Speaking on the occasion, the BDO of Thadlaskeiñ Block congratulated the JHDS for taking this step to improve the income of the farmers in these 12 villages.
In the video, which was released to the public, it can be seen how the mawbah, fell on the two vehicles and they were destroyed by the collision.
In the semi final match held today at Mairang, PFR Football Academy has qualified for the final match on July 9,
Finally, they asked me to go to Guwahati to get medicine.
“For the Congress, a party known for various corruption, the running of a non-corrupt government is a surprise to them,” said the BJP spokesperson. He said the Congress' desire for others to leave the BJP and the desire to join them is against the political nature of the alliance.
Speaking on the Congress' proposal to join the MDA-2 if there is no BJP, Prestone said, “I don't have anything to say on that.
“Now I feel sorry that I have to live alone at the age of 82 years and I don't feel strong enough to guard the gate at this age, especially in a rural village,” he said.
She said that it is difficult to pay tax to the coal traders because the coal market is not running well, and another reason is because if they pay in advance as directed where they will sell and when they will get the coal price.
The entire village of Khliehtyrshi has placed its trust in this man who has held the post of Waheh Shnong for three terms and has elected him with dignity.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The High Court Division Bench of Meghalaya today ordered the Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, Principal Secretary, Education and Director of NEGR HIMS. , before the next hearing on April 17th.
Speaking to reporters, Latiplang said that the letter from the office of the Governor will reach the KHADC today which has recognized Bah Latiplang as the CEM of KHADC. The CEM has been able to appoint the Executive Members of the KHADC. It is also the first time that the CEM has appointed the Executive Members of the KHADC. The report on the election of CEM has been sent through the office of the Deputy Commissioner to the Governor's House and has now been approved.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said that the new Office Memorandum (OM) issued on the 14th of this month has replaced the OM issued in The implementation of the OM will look back on the foundation since 1972 and says that the current OM will continue.
Dajied Kynsai Syiem, Mawlai, Block-8, passed away on 4-07-2016 at 8 pm.
“This time we will also hold a street workout calesthenic battle meet up contest.
The report said that the cold weather has severely damaged the tympew leaves in the farmland of the villagers.
The dispute between the Government and the ANVC-B has started with the allegation by Rangra Jagring S. Marak Asst General Secretary of the ANVC-B, who has reiterated the allegation that Dr Mukul Sangma used the ANVC and ANVC-B. to sit on the post of Chief Minister of the State.
The HITO Student's Wing has launched this public awareness campaign on the 6th June 2024 to the students from the grounds of St Edmund's College and on the streets. They are located in Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Shillong, March 09: The match between Tynring SC and Rynjah SC in the 3rd Ground MFA Turf, Polo on Tuesday came to an end. Tynring won the goal.
Here, the Kyiad can help you if you don't want to.
“The FKJGP demands that the State Government should investigate into the allegations of illegal activities of IIPH, which is a private institution because we don't want Meghalaya to produce another CMJ University,” said Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh. , General Secretary of FKJGP. This demand came after allegations that IIPH, which has not yet declared itself as a College or University with permission from the Ministry of Education or has its own laws, Degree Course on Master of Public Health (MPH) in collaboration with Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), another private university, which cannot be held off-campus according to the rules of the University Grant. Committee (UGC).
The farmers want the Indian government to repeal all three laws. The government has made it clear that it will talk to the farmers, but it will not repeal these laws, which have already been passed by the President. in Ri.
On 24 June 2022, Badminton and Table Tennis players gathered at Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium to express their opposition to the Government's decision.
The rally, known as 'Unite For Freedom', was attended by many, saying that it is time to stop the false stories of The government has decided to fight against the corona virus.
He said that in this bright state of Meghalaya, many forces have emerged who have claimed to be the guardians of the nation and the people of the state but the emergence of such forces has caused trouble. think of the people.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Election Committee of the 4 Raid.
The Sein Raij Tuber has also submitted a petition to the Prime Minister but the Prime Minister has not commented on the petition. Holy Land.
Only sports clubs within Thadlaskein Block are eligible to participate.
Shillong, July 17: A tin jot dealer named Hasan, who has been named in an ejahar, has been arrested for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl. I am from Wahryting Block B near Mawblei.
He said that as they have already discussed, they will turn Them-ïewmawlong into a famous market with special areas for market vendors and outside vendors so that the city will be like other cities. famous.
Shillong, July 06 : U Kishan Lyngdoh has become the first Meghalaya player to score two 100 runs in the Ranji Trophy, which he achieved on the second day of the Ranji Trophy. Arunachal Pradesh in Anand, Gujarat.
Regarding the violation of the law by MeECL officers and employees of the foreign company, the KSU leaders demanded that the DC should explain and also take strong action against these officers. MeECL and employees of the Company, for violating the orders issued by the Home (Political) Department and the District Administration as well.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shillong, today appeared for about 10 minutes at a meeting held at the Conference Room at the DGP's office.
He said that she was just looking at who came to help them at that time when they were suffering from Covid-1
Tamil Nadu has reported 526 new cases and four deaths today.
Shillong: U Madal Sumer of Panaliar village, West Jaintia Hills, has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, saying that he has received information that the state government has prepared the Mining Plan for the The Central Mine Planning and Development Institute (CMPDI), a division of Coal India Limited, has decided to hand over the mining of coal in the state to Coal India Ltd.
It does not mean that Jesus was like Judas.
HuffPost India quoted Godbole as saying, “How can the destruction of a large Muslim mosque be destroyed in five hours without any the purpose.
After leaving the office of the DM&HO, Sanbor Rynshiang President of the circle said that the meeting of the DM&HO leaders with the officer was because the two hospitals do not have the necessary equipment. fencing and during the rainy season, animals such as cows and goats make shelter and pollute the balconies and surroundings of these health centres.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said that the government has already directed the CMD of MeECl to investigate the incident. to collect tips from the District authorities.
Police said that Lasking Roy Warkhyllew was seriously injured and his family members from Sohryngkham have been informed.
The license for winestore is T.60,000 per annum and for bars and discos is T.45,000 per annum.
The decision was taken at 2 pm, which was also the day the meeting was held, when Rajnath announced the election of Modi as the prime minister of the country. party, for the 2014 elections.
Therefore, what is needed is the road to attract all the development works.
In Gosaba, Khardha and Dihata, candidates have lost their security deposits and this is usually the case, where candidates have to pay T.25,000 for the Parliamentary elections and then T. 10,000 for the State Legislative Assembly elections, while Scheduled Caste/Scheduled Tribe candidates have to pay only half of this amount and if the candidate does not get 1/6 (16.7 per cent), From the votes cast, he shall lose the money which he cast at the time of casting his nomination.
She said that as members of the Committee, they have decided to discuss once and for all, to find ways and means, although it is not difficult to get the right solution. 100% but the Committee will find a way that can be accepted by all.
The past generation of mankind, Sodom and Gomorrah, proved that there were not even fifty righteous people.
In fact, the first DPR had allocated Rs 20.49 crore but as the land has been changed, the preparation of the new DPR is ongoing.
The BCCI on Thursday announced the schedule of the IPL. There will be 70 matches to be played at 12 venues for 52 days.
Speeches were also delivered by Dayoo Ïakai, President, Malty Suna and Pyntngenlang Kyndait, General Secretary, MPFW/PO who explained the cultivation methods and benefits of CAU-R1 seed.
The meeting was held on 23rd June 2024 at William Nagar, East Garo Hills District. The meeting was chaired by Paul D Sangma.
Therefore, we should not be surprised if some people come out and try to make India a Hindu country as a whole.
Only, the attitude and way of thinking still felt like a sir.
Khliehriat, November 15: R.Shkenshynriah SC has won the 3rd Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Trophy of the Super Division Football Tournament Association (EJHDFA) at Diengshynrum Square.
The question of the people is, can't the government think of something else?
The UDP Mawlai office bearers said that the reason for taking this decision is because the new leaders do not recognize the old leaders but have passed by them. everything.
However, those who have billions of dollars in stolen money will never be punished.
As the Concerned Citizens of this state especially the Khasi Jaintia Hills, we strongly condemn Bah Charles Marngar who has tried to turn our state into a Christian state.
On the other hand, the union has sent this video to the government so that it can see for itself the truth.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that five people have tested positive for Covid-1 Two of them are from East Khasi Hills, two from West Garo Hills and one from Ribhoi.
Tura: The filing of nomination papers for the Ampati by-election will end tomorrow. Miani D Shira, Congress candidate, who filed her nomination papers yesterday, followed by Clement G. Momin, the NPP candidate, who filed his nomination papers today.
The Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) today announced the names of two teams who have gone for training in mountaineering.
The organization has been working for more than 20 years to guard the Tyrsung River and its tributaries.
Liam Neeson has refused to star in James Bond in recent years after his wife Natasha Richardson forbade him to sign the film because she knew it was difficult and heavy. at the same time, he will not have time to look after his children and family.
Similarly, there were 32,361 incidents from last year to June this year in which the department imposed fines for driving violations.
The Khasi National Awakening Day (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has celebrated the Khasi National Awakening Day on the 4th of June at a meeting held in front of the statue of U.K. Visit Kiang Nangbah at the District Headquarters in Khliehriat.
The decision was taken at the meeting of the Governing Body of the Meghalaya Legislative Forum on HIV/AIDS held for the first time convened by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A Sangma at the Conference Room at Pinewood Hotel. Shillong.
According to the DGP, the IG BSF has assured that the incident should not happen again and they will look into the matter to restore the trust of the people.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Bah D.Masar as the chief guest. other government officers from Ri Bhoi.
We have not accepted their resignation because we don't know if they may be forced to resign,” said Bah Lapang.
Repilda Muksor scored 9' and Pynskhem Mukhim 22' for Da I Mynsngat. For Iooksi Youth Welfare, Pyrshang Tangliang scored 34' and Khatarbor Suchiang 41'. Hattrick with three goals in the 23', 50' and 60' which also led Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng to win the most goals.
Besides, if anyone gives the reason for the lockdown Covid-19, why Mawnai in Eastern West and Mawtari Ri Bhoi District which hosted the Synod at the same time, the roads and paths are flooded, is it because they don't care about their MLAs.
In the second innings, both the openers of Himachal Pradesh scored a half-century each before Manish Sharma took a wicket (2/51).
Members of the Jaintia Student Movement (JSM) and police immediately rushed to the scene and arrested the suspects at about 11 pm. violated the NGT order prohibiting quarrying from Wah Myntu.
Along the way she felt as if she had reached the house to see Hep, the son of Bah Shanbor.
It also directed the Deputy Commissioner (Revenue) Shillong and the Superintendent of Police, Shillong to ensure that there will be no disturbance during the operation.
Both the tenders will be opened on 10th July at the WJDSA office at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Hall.
The raïot bapli, when he falls under a king who is thieves, robbers and violent, prays to the Creator that another ruler will replace him.
To cut off your sner when you have a sner, go away,” said the father. “Father, I understand and I will not waste your sner.
The SKRS, in a meeting held at Umsning Auditorium on Tuesday, has unanimously decided to oppose the order of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). to prevent them from participating in political affairs.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) today protested against the management of the Mar Ba Hub at Khyndai Lad for charging too much for the toilet. do not shajrong duh this market shop.
You have to believe you have all five years with the crowd.
In another development, Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo were seen playing chess while preparing for the World Cup in Qatar.
This is the third match that 10 wickets have fallen in the first innings.
Nagaland Police on Tuesday arrested four car thieves from Dimapur.
As part of the fight against the curfew, thousands of women staged a massive protest in five districts of Manipur on Tuesday.
The department said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The court has requested the Additional Advocate General, K Khan, to assist it in the case.
The Kuki Women Organization for Human Rights (KWOHR) has expressed its deep sorrow over the brutality of the Manipur Commando Police against the residents. village in the state of Manipur in the border areas of Moreh.
The North Shillong Constituency is a constituency where almost half of the voters from the state and foreigners have the right to decide the victory of any candidate.
In his condolence speech, Hamlet paid tribute to the Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee who passed away on 16th July,
He said that the final draft does not satisfy the employees and they demand that the Mission Director of NHM, Meghalaya should look into and amend the rules in the final draft. .
“There is no such intention, if the Government has not taken action against this ban on coal mining as public leaders we will not hesitate to find ways and means, in the visit to talk to these officials. BJP has accompanied Stephanson Mukhin, Thomas Nongtdu and the owners of the coal mines because without coal it will be difficult for the factories to run,” said Syngkon.
Until now, no one has been arrested.
The shops affected were the general store of Kiti Thongni, the tea shop and the mini general store-cum-stationaries of Ailinda Thongni.
The actor responded by saying that he will issue a warning to those involved.
It is wrong for the government and ministers to use the money of the state government (or the Indian government that has allocated the state) to develop only their constituencies or their party colleagues.
He added that the implementation of the UCC in the country will destroy the uniqueness of the Khasi people, will deprive the District Council and therefore the District Council will strongly oppose it. this is the purpose".
West Bengal vs Punjab.
Atul Kulkarni, Member, Board of Governors, IIM Shillong, who took part in the program via the internet, expressed the importance of the center for achieving the aspirations of the region. in Lajong activities, in education, policy development or training and assistance to the state government to provide the best services.
Welcoming Bah Shangpliang to the NPP, Sangma said, “I hope that we will be able to benefit greatly from the joining of Bah Shangpliang as a leader and his supporters. you party.
Speaking to Rupang, the President of the Seng Khasi Mylliem said, “When we arrived at the scene, we found that there were no people to attack us. The foundation stone was opened by the Sankur Khadwei Kur together with the Lyngdoh and the Syiem of Mylliem. “We have been empowered to do so,” said Bah Alwal Rynjah, President of the Mylliem Khasi Association.
Daniel was wise indeed, for he purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank.
Despite the lockdown and the need to comply with the COVID-19 lockdown, the WJDBA has held this tournament for 4 days, from 18-23rd of this month and dozens of people have come to participate. young and also witnessed many new faces in this tournament.
In a statement, Daniel Khongsit, President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Amlarem, said that the Union expresses its dissatisfaction with the transfer of Kong Kharpuri to other places as she has done a lot of good for the Amlarem Sub-Division. .
“Before the Indian government takes force against the mining of uranium, I would like to say clearly that we will first investigate how the nation has been incorporated into India,” said Samla Lambok.
The BSF searched the vehicle (ML-04-A-7542) and found four Bangladeshis and one Khasi. They are Noor Islam (45), Abdul Kalam ( 18), Shwel Ahmed (26), Kamal Miya (38) and Samiwell Lyngdoh (49), of Muktapur.
“I would like to tell you clearly that we need revenue because the state is in short supply of funds because until now we have relied only on the revenue from the central government.
Meghalaya scored again through Figo but the ball went wide of the post.
With the help of people, she was able to board a bus to Goalpara.
The house was constructed at a cost of T. 10423831.50/- with the contribution of the residents, fetes, bamphalar and public leaders including MLAs, MDCs and MPs Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.
In the same Ejahar, another Longkmie, alleged that on the 14th July this year, the same Dean, invited her to the Guest House and offered her that if she agreed, He said that he would pay for the whole day's work and immediately he started touching the Longkmie in the room of the Guest House.
After that, the inspectors measured, measured and ranked according to the performance of the State Governments to achieve the 15 key and priority development goals for the development of the residents of the State of Thailand.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya, today said that the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh has prompted the meat farmers in Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia to take a temporary suspension from the meat farming industry. Bhoi, has called a meeting between the Nongot doh, officials from the Hima Mylliem and officials from the Veterinary Department, to discuss the issue.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh spoke on the SHGs and the important role they play in improving the income of the people especially the women. .
The mining is very heavy but I dint see that in their assessment.
After this order from the District Magistrate, we will have to see whether those demanders of money and eaters of others' property will decrease or remain the same or increase.
One of the leaders from the state, Bah Benedict S Hynniewta spoke in detail about the photography as it appears through the snaps of the Khasi traditional rights that are still in existence and those that need to be sought.
While many of the Khasi have to live in the countryside without any protection, it seems that they have been living in the countryside since the beginning of the market.
Khliehriat, June 27 : The Himalayan Vultures, which have arrived at Demthring village, have now arrived at Wapungshnong village, East Jaintia Hills District. Wildlife Department has taken the initiative to guard these birds in the forest at Wapungshnong to prevent people from standing near the birds.
On this occasion, the church, after seeing the danger to the traffic, did not hesitate to take this step to march, because it is concerned about the problems faced by the people especially the school children. well on this road.
Marbud said the reason for this is that the Dkhars are against the implementation of the ILP in the state which is still demanded by the political parties.
Shillong Lajong had three points after Malki SC failed to score the first goal.
But now who remembers those great advice of our ancestors? Those who truly love their country don't need to explain or justify their actions.
It was during the song “Sha ka Bneng Ri Phyrnai” that the children cried in the middle of the song which caused many to cry.
The name of Bah Thangkhiew was approved by the former Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court on 26th June, 2018 and the government has approved it without any objection.
“Niakha, I'm sorry for myself that I'm like this.
“We will continue to oppose MUDA,” said Bah Khongwir.
Therefore, when new people, new parties, new organizations come, especially those who don't know their character, they are the first to rap and snoh first.
“At this meeting, the Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Sampath Kumar, spoke on the recent survey report released by the Government of India entitled 'Situation Assessment of Agricultural Households. in Rural India, 2019’.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the government has taken this step after seeing many signs of various diseases in the state.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transport Association (ANSA) has demanded that the government should remove all the weighbridges along the highway between Malidor and Byrnihat.
“On our part, we appeal to the government to provide special security especially in Motphran because we have learned that theft is not only theft but it happens a lot. “It's not like that,” said Bah Dkhar.
According to police sources, these three persons are active for the party in the Tikrikilla-Dadenggre area of ​​West Garo Hills.
He said that one day both of them asked for money from the drug dealer but the drug dealer said to take it from Laitumkhrah but when they reached the place, the drug dealer brought them to the police. and arrested them on charges of drug trafficking.
He said that the Prime Minister has informed that in the next few days there will be a meeting of the Ministers to discuss this issue and they will also take it to the MDA and also to the meeting of all the parties and then the PDF will tell you what they have.
The body of a truck driver who was drowned in a road accident in Lumshnong was also found.
He said that the committee headed by Bah HS Shylla has already submitted its approval to the EC but the EC today decided to send it back to the committee. that their opinion is in conflict with Para 2 of the 6th Schedule and that it is also in conflict with the proposal to amend the 6th Schedule.
The Sheikh has been depressed in recent days and is said to have talked to the Berlin authorities to return his 45-year-old wife, Zayed, son of Berlin. A nine-year-old boy and Al Jalila, an 11-year-old girl, were sent to the United Arab Emirates, but Berlin reportedly rejected the Sheikh's request and said police. This country, you have protected these shikmie shikhun.
The goal came from a corner kick from Dajiedlang Wanshnong where Rangdajied goalkeeper failed to catch the ball in his hand and Kharsahnoh headed into the net.
At the entrance to the Pynnoh Um Sngad Crematorium, it has been continued from 5,395m to 7,83m last year and has joined the Ram Khur.
“Besides the salaries, the arrears from 2016 are also pending.
Mawkhar SC, which is currently in fifth position with 10 points, will face Mawlai SC, which is at the top of the table, on Tuesday evening at 4 pm.
“The people as it is, want change and increase in votes in every polling station I visited today in Nongkrem constituency, it is clear that the people want change that means the VPP," he added.
In a statement, Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Information Secretary, invited all members of the party to attend.
The North East Chief Ministers met Shah at the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) meeting in Guwahati under the chairmanship of Himanta Biswa Sarma. A few months ago, the Rangbah Shnongs of the NongthymmaiPyllun Dorbar Shnong, expressed their concern over the influx of ethnic minorities from Assam, Nagaland, Manipur and Mizoram. .
The HANM's stand is not only about the support of the teachers, but there are four major reasons that affect the country and the nation which the government has not yet implemented or achieved. “Not one issue, even though the state has reached the milestone of 50 years of journey,” he said.
The union strongly demands that the road from Muktapur Borghat Hingaria Huroi should be improved because until now it has been found that these areas have been neglected so much that sometimes they have to walk in fear due to lack of facilities. The road is the bloodline of income and development.
It is here that the banse thom and many poor women have been misled to do other things.
Those rangbah can also be like the ksiang who will cover and cover any part of the struggle to byrshem and the great cause of the nation will remain as the goal of all the national parties.
This data also helps to monitor the health of poor mothers which is the reason why the state now has a low number of maternal deaths.
Banalis Syiem, President of the Union of Cooks and Assistants, Meghalaya Shillong, today announced the decision of the CEC of the Union to start going back to school from 07/11/2 It was taken after the State Government has paid an honorarium of only 2,000 tyngka per month until 23rd November.
The Joint Students' Movement (JSM-ER) East Jaintia Hills District (JSM-ER) has issued a statement saying that the cow farmers have been affected by the outbreak of Lumpy Skin Disease. to the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Office, East Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
The cow farmers said that they have to buy medicines from their own market and do not receive any assistance; When they call a doctor, they have to pay the price of the cow.
The team of Anush Agarwalla, Divyakriti, Sudipti Hajela and Hriday Vipul scored 209.205 points in the Team Dressage to win their first gold medal in equestrian in the 41st edition. year.
:The Khasi song “Shukor” sung by Fillstar MJ and BanshanJ has been released recently.
He said that the number of those who came to fill up the forms was very low after being misled by the groups and there were very few who came forward to comply with the government's directives.
Pynursla, July 25: The residents of Nongsder village under Pynursla have been suffering from internet outage for some time and this has caused problems to many churches.
Special days such as wedding days, anniversaries, birthday parties and other celebrations are not complete if women do not wear gold and silver on such days.
However, he has not been able to do so despite being in government for three years.
If you are a brother who is still able to call, you will get your phone back. If you are an elderly person or a woman, you will lose your phone.
On the other hand, Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC, in her speech, said that the new Hat, is very fortunate, because for decades, they have destroyed such a road to get and Kong Grace, you are “You have really changed your mind”.
There is a saying in English, “Helping hands are greater than praying lips”.
All Party workers and the public are invited to attend the protest program organized by the Party.
She is survived by two children, Alfidari Marwein, 6, and Nafi Marweiñ, 4, along with her husband Arjun Marthong.
Dehradun, July 18: Floods in Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh have killed 130 people and 70,000 worshipers in Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh. surrounded by water.
The office of the DSO, Nongpoh, invites and welcomes all the runners from Ri-Bhoi to take part in this competition.
“The Government is taking the necessary measures to address this issue and in the past few months the situation has been difficult and it is also a time when MeECL is facing a difficult situation. "It's a big problem for many reasons," he said.
“The principle of ethnic identity has also been tried to be implemented during the settlement of the boundary dispute in Block I and II. presence of Mikir and non-Mikir communities.
C Khongwet (26, 50), B Synrem (70) and I Marbaniang (34, 37, 41,67) scored three goals.
Jowai, Lber 28: The religious leaders of the Raij Mukhla from 5 kurs who were called Waheh Sankur under the leadership of Pa Langdoh as the head of the religious community today (muchai) completed the ceremony. Syiem Khlam and Ram Shyllong, who are the Blai, the guardians of the children of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla.
Suting said that the Waheh Shnong's statement had something behind it, and during the rally, the name of the party appeared on placards and banners and this affected not only the name but also the party. honor of the party and its supporters.
These Khasi-II have Khasiized the pictures and the descendants of Bangladesh, Assam, Punjab, China, Bihar, Nepal, Pakistan, West Bengal and so on. “Mother-type Woman.
Shillong, November 22: Shillong Lajong will play their last home match of the 2023 season against Namdhari FC today (November 23) at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Polo. -Shillong.
Therefore, the police department while implementing these orders if found anyone who violates and does not follow these orders of the government to fight and curb the spread of coronavirus will be punished as follows: :.
There are Asha, Anganwadi and Anganwadi centers in the village while banks to withdraw money are only in Nongstoin and Riangdo.
We hope that we will be able to participate in the future,” said the SURL. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the In order to combat the traffic jam in Shillong, the government has prepared three new parking lots in Shillong.
In the singles category, Lamet Phawa won the first title and Embok Phawa came second.
Speaking on the occasion, the author said that it was in 1961 that the Ramakrishna Mission wrote an article saying that Swami lived here in 1901 when he came to Shillong.
If this happens, the Dorbar Shnongs in Sutnga Elaka no longer have the authority to obey any orders and directives issued by the Elaka and its Sengbhalang. If there is any violation of the rights of the residents and Dorbar Shnongs, the HITO-EJHD urges the law enforcement agencies to look into such cases so that they do not happen. tragic events followed among the brothers and sisters.
The UCC will also affect the state government slightly as it will not conflict with the Self Acquired Property Act.
However, the Congress has contested against its MLC, Subash Zhambad, which has angered Sattar.
Lyngkhoi said that they knew about the decision of AL Hek to join the BJP on November 29 and 30, 2017 after he called a meeting with his supporters. .
In my opinion, the first Mining Permit will be issued after 8 or 9 months from today.
“We don't listen to the insults of the people but we understand that what we are doing is for the safety and benefit of the future generations as well as the children who are the future of the nation.
Shillong: The 7 Amlarem Constituency Cup 2019-20 will come to an end with the third place match between Mupyut Circle and Syndai Circle at Nongtalang Football Playground on the 27th of this month at 10:00 pm. 11:15 am.
He said that the District Council has sent a directive to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to immediately suspend the construction of the building transit camp. Deputy Commissioner of Kamrup, DGP of Assam and Chief Secretary of Assam to clarify on the illegal border crossing and are still waiting for this clarification from the Assam government.
The MDC said that there were only a few people who caused trouble on that day, and there will be no problem to arrest them from that place.
Regarding the Work Permit, the union has expressed its concern over the ease of registering foreign workers by contractors and coal owners, although the District Level Team has been set up in the district since 2016 and even though the district has its own Labor Inspectors to look after Ranikor Block and Mawkyrwat Block, said a statement from KSU President Forwardman Nongrem.
He also requested the members of the Church to follow the guidelines issued by the Government from time to time for the health and spread of this disease.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan also swore in Marcuse N Marak, Rakkam A Sangma, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Comingone Ymbon and AT Mondal from the NPP. Others are Paul Lyngdoh and Kyrmen Shylla. Speaking to reporters after the swearing-in ceremony, Conrad defended the appointment of two Symbud Myntri Rangbah by saying that it is not right. wrong because in the past such arrangement has been made and this shows the strength in representation from different parts of the State.
I mean only one of these, the right hand or the right hand.
The rich dress up and get into their own cars to go and come.
“As I said (if they have anything to say), there should be unity within the party and there should be MLAs and other party leaders to raise one voice but what we see is “Only one private person has produced this and there is no support for him and many leaders and MLAs say otherwise,” said Conrad.
One of the reasons for the uniqueness of the Khasi and Garo is that they take their jait ka kynja from the woman and not from the man.
Three candidates have applied for the Shillong Parliamentary Assembly ticket and these are former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin, who became a member of the party on Tuesday. , President of the Khasi Authors' Society, Dr DRL Nonglait and former MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie.
The team also participated in the Grandfinale of the Meghalaya Superstar Star Season-3 in 2019 and at the same time Wansai Fusion Crew reached the final in the Professional Senior Category. 260 people in Indian Hiphop.
TUR together with the union held a rally in front of the Additional Secretariat under tight police surveillance.
He said that the main reason for the protest was because of the minister's visit to the university because the previous government since 2010 had the intention of bringing in a university in the state which does not exist. The government has suddenly announced that the government will not set up a university but has set up a college of agriculture under its supervision. CAU Imphal as a union cannot accept this and it is a gratitude of the central government which is also a disregard for us and on this basis the union has also staged protests. From time to time and try to meet with the Union Ministers in charge of Agriculture to expedite the establishment of the CAU instead of the CoA. “If the ministers or officers of the agriculture department come back, the protest will be stronger,” he added.
Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga has been defeated in the Aizawl East-I constituency. ZPM leader Lalduhoma has won from Serchhip with 2,982 votes.
Recently, the State Government has agreed to expand the area to accommodate the residents of Them Metor when they are relocated.
He said that he talks from time to time with the party leaders, he said that he has already informed them about this for some time now.
There is also concern that this proposal could lead to the use of power through the central government, the reduction of leadership and activities related to regional parties and the voices of the minorities.
The Minister in charge of Food Civil Supply, Bah Comingone Ymbon on 20th March said that he welcomes the opening of the railway line in Jaintia Hills as it will bring many benefits to the people.
“We have submitted a petition to quash the FIR lodged by the Governor,” Sharma said.
He said the NPP has not said anything to the HSPDP MLAs to join the NPP but if the MLAs want to join, the party is ready to accept them.
Leaders of the HSPDP and his relatives flocked to the hospital today to visit him.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District Unit, under the leadership of Bah John Fisher Nongsiang, today met with the DC of WKHD, Bah Garod LSN Dykes. The All Meghalaya Goods and Coal Carriers Union (AMG&CCTD&HU) has protested against the installation of a gate at Kamriangsih Jyrngam Sirdarship.
Shillong, November 12: The Shella Sports, Cultural and Social Welfare Association (SHWA) will hold the Miss Shella Traditional Dress Contest on the 17th of July
The relatives of Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew have not received a report from the police on the incident. The report says that Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew, has fought against the police who tried to arrest him. and he gave them the sword.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: Barato MDC Aiborlang Shadap on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District against the collection of revenue by the Forest Department of Assam from synsar in Khlieh Sanaroo. in front of the Foreat Beat House of Assam and which falls within the boundary of Muktoh village.
" Kmie replied.
The meeting was held at the District Library Auditorium Jowai in the presence of government officials from various departments of the two districts. He was accompanied by his four children and his wife, Kong P Mylliem.
He also denied that there will be any talks between him and the UDP and said that there is no other intention as he has decided to contest from the PDF. I will fight from the PDF, there is no such thing,” he said.
Shillong: After a clash between Abri village Killing Ribhoi and some Naga tribes who wanted to forcibly occupy a 46 biga plot of land, the Dorbar Shnong has decided to take over 46 bighas of land. Under the supervision of Dilip Sangma, Rangbah Shnong of Abir, Abri village, yesterday distributed 3000 sq ft to more than 50 households of poor villagers. long ing.
Before the tournament, the statement also informed that it will hold a public meeting at Ialong village at Mulang Club on the 30th of this month at 11 am.
He said that the demand for ILP, according to his understanding, will become stronger this time as the Khasi and Jaintia Hills districts in the preamble of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 have been abolished. He said that the party will try to introduce ILP in the state to implement the ILP. a demand that the people have longed for.
The organizers of the match and the leaders of the two teams were present with the police to discuss the incident and finally both sides reached a peace agreement.
People today are truly living in peace because of the growth of education, income and social development.
Let it hide the knowledge of man and the knowledge of God.
He requested the Chief Minister and the department to take action by finding ways whether the government has the means to pay compensation to the farmers in case of damage or natural disasters. the farmer shall not lose.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Mizoram by 130 runs in the U-19 Coach Behar Trophy on Saturday.
On the other hand, FKJGP General Secretary Welbirth Rani said that the FKJGP understands that the FKJGP understands that it cannot stop taking to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state.
However, the Muslim League of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of the Pakistani Empire, won.
Care Syrti (11') and Pol Tariang (54') scored the goals for Lamyrsiang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Following the shooting death of four Khasi and an Assam Policeman in Mukroh, the Thma U Rangli Juki ( The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) today invited the residents of Shillong to a meeting to restore peace and order in Shillong which will be held at the Don Bosco Youth Center, Laitumkhrah. at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
The GS said that after receiving the promise from the Magistrate, they went to meet the Deputy Commissioner today, who said that the letter will be forwarded to the Personal Department. .
Wealth in this regard will affect the future of one's children.
The body was identified as Abdul Sukkur (28) of Bortol, Badarpur PS, Karimganj district.
Today, after being expelled, she has lodged a complaint with the KKHA where the KKHA has gone to warn the foreigner who has apologized and promised not to harass her anymore,” he said. said Jyrwa.
In other parts of the state, heavy to heavy rain is expected tomorrow.
The skin becomes healthy and strong.
Dr Mukul said that education is a department where the government spends a lot of money, and said that the first goal of the government is to make the state a The education center and the training that the youth will receive from this state will be excellent.
Who also have love and compassion for others.
“If the government calls or does not call for talks, the KSU will not be disappointed, because the KSU has not staged a protest to meet or shake hands with Dr Mukul Sangma, but the KSU will continue to demand the suspension of the talks. “The railway line is a fundamental demand for the protection of the nation,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : Dr. Sylvanus Lamare, one of the Principals of St. Edmund's College, on Tuesday said that the status of the Khasi language is still unclear. it exists now although the demand for its inclusion in the Fifth Schedule has been going on for 44 years.
The Pa'iem said that as of yet, he has not received any information whether the KHADC has sent anyone to stop the illegal construction of the road.
Jowai, March 22: During the curfew called by the HNLC, at 9:30 pm this morning, an SI, 2nd OC of Jowai PS, CK Marak, was arrested. He was seriously injured when he was shot by four men who suddenly got out of a Maruti car (ML04 5835) and blocked the road for the police.
The death toll has risen to 3,460, bringing the total to 3,25,9
They were also sent to the school in Karzok.
Umphyrnai Presbyterian beat Umpohliew Jingtip HSS 4-1
Therefore, at this meeting, the people will take a strong decision with the consent of all.
We will not say anything here about the arrest of Natwar Singh, one of the former Congress leaders, against Sonia Gandhi, but the above facts show that if Sonia Gandhi can fight, Manmohan Singh, the party's prime minister, for 40 years, has been appointed as the party's prime minister for 40 years. (MPCC) or the Chief Minister of the State? We are still watching the political developments of the Congress in the State, as it has started to stir up in Assam, Maharashtra and other states. And the final word here, is, that if Sonia Gandhi no longer trusts the leader of her party in Meghalaya, who is also the oldest member (of all the MLAs), finally, the It is only that he should step down from the leadership position himself, because here, the struggle is continuous, if he does not step down one by one, the conflict will increase in the politics of the Congress.
However, Bah Bajop said that he will first go to the people before taking a decision, and it is through the decision of the people that he will respect, even if he has the intention to contest, but If the people decide that it is not the right time for him to contest, Bah Bajop is happy to say that he will not feel anything to sit down and work for the party.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to you all.
“Indira Gandhi was a skilled politician since childhood,” said Bah Lapang.
“The former EC during the tenure of CEM Ardent Miller Basaiawmoitka has appointed an inquiry into this.
“Myanmar does not allow and does not accept any foreign country that attacks neighboring countries from behind and creates trouble by using our territory,” he said.
Speaking at the party's membership registration meeting in Mairang, Bah Ardent said, “If we look at the situation and events in these days, we can understand clearly that it is the law that the Government is violating. u poor.
...the Episcopal Schools in Mawsmai and Mawmluh, as well as in Sohra, were built by Thomas Jones.
“At present, there is no opinion from the technical experts and we cannot say whether these old-fashioned equipment are adequate or not,” he added.
The Government should turn to implementing price controls or price reductions to ensure that the price of rice will be adequate for all regardless of their income.
The house of UR Bhattacharjee, Rajendra Bhavan, Riat Laban East, Madan Laban, has been sealed since today.
In East Garo Hills, 38 cases were reported and in East Jaintia Hills, 3 cases were reported.
It destroys their understanding of what is true, what is false.
“If you can implement these two, I will join the BJP and if you can't, I will stay with KHNAM and work hard to bring about change,” he said.
Our nation is in the midst of a struggle and in the midst of a terrible battlefield because the invaders have increasingly found a place to devour our nation.
Dr MC Mishra, former director of AIIMS, said there is no doubt that there is an outbreak in various parts of India.
Principal Secretaries (Health), Mission Directors (NHMs) and State Surveillance Officers of all these states attended the meeting.
Marwein was taken to Sadar Police Station and charged and fined T.5,000 by the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Shillong.
There were also damaged vehicles.
Speaking to reporters after the investigation, Bah L.Nongrum, Chairman of the Pahra Shnong, said that after the organizers of the fishing competition found that the winner of the first prize in After a few days, they learned that the man had won the competition by stealing. They arrested him.
“There have been many comments against her across the constituency,” said the woman, who is also the MDC who has won three times from Nongshken. They are smart to kill, but they don't even look at those who don't have anything.
In Deadpol 3, Hugh will reprise his role as Wolverine and Ryan as the Mutant Anti Hero.
“All government departments have been directed to publish all government notices in both English and Mizo,” the order said. State government.
On the issue of how to develop schools into green schools, training and explanation should be provided to the children.
Kejriwal will be the first prime minister to be arrested since India gained independence and the Aam Aadmi Party has announced that Kejriwal will continue to hold the post.
“The lack of involvement of parents and to spend time with their children to learn and grow up has been one of the reasons why women turn to drugs because of misguidance,” said Kong Dkhar. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: Four members of the 14th Finance Commission headed by former RBI Governor Dr YV Reddy will meet with Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, his cabinet and government officials. Conference Room and Main Secretariat at 10.30 am.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) has announced to re-impose a night curfew from 15th of this month to curb the spread of corona virus in the state especially in East Khasi Hills. July to 22nd July 2020 from 9 pm to 5 pm in East Khasi Hills.
At the same time, he said that the post of leader or president of the UDP should be taken by an intelligent, skilled person who understands even if he is not an MLA.
When thousands of farmers from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills including me who wrote this article came to represent the village as well as one of the farmers from Nongkyndong kynshrot who They are still living in agriculture to increase their income and meet their many needs.
This attitude of the people shows that their mental powers are still so small that they are quick to forget anything that is true just in a moment's pressure.
These topics were taught by Bah D Rapsang, Pro Pastor LO Garod, Bah Terence Sawian, Founder of Winner's Mind Foundation, Jowai, Bah HB Lyngdoh. District Statistical Officer, Tura, Mrs. KR Nongbri, Accountant of NYKS, Nongpoh, Mrs. G Laloo, Technical Assistant, IDPR Jowai.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Ri Bhoi District, today visited the SSA School at Khliehumwang Village, Ri Bhoi District, which was recently damaged by the Assam Police.
The tournament was inaugurated by Dr. Amanda Pakyntein, wife of the Minister of Sports and MLA Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Goldenstar Suchiang.
Meanwhile, on weekdays, more than 50 vehicles come to visit this place,” said the inspectors of the place.
The drugs were smuggled by a drug dealer identified as Rofique Uddin Ahmed of Telitakar Part 11, Catharines.
The scheduled completion of the project was July 2021 but for many reasons, including the COVID-19 pandemic, the work has been affected.
Also present on the occasion were Evangeline Shangpliang, Program Coordinator, Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew, Delina Francis, Laxmi Thapa Animator and Neety Gurung.
On the other hand, Lamang's mother expressed her happiness that her son will now start to showcase his talents and congratulated the PFR for being able to help and guide him. They have the right to help their children reach this goal in their lives.
Shillong, July 17: The VPP has been accused of being a very poor party by the people who attended the party's general meeting held on Monday at Madan Polo. contribution to the party for the expenses of this meeting and also for the conduct of party activities.
Shillong, Lber 29 : RTI applicant Bah Disparsing Rani has alleged that the state government has not yet paid the fare of the vehicles during the visit of Defense Minister Amit Shah to Shillong. last year.
This was announced by the Minister in charge of Forest and Environment, James PK Sangma in reply to an unstarred question in the Legislative Assembly.
Since 1867, a teacher training center was established at the Theological College Sohra due to the lack of opportunity to build its own centre.
Shillong, March 7: “I am happy that I have been elected without any opponent.
He said that most of the MDCs of the District Council are not qualified to be MDCs, but they are only looking for ways to reach higher positions even if it means leaving the nation behind. too.
Please continue to share such information sir.
“Anyone can join the BJP, the door is open for them.
Dr. Aman War said that it is the district administration of the health department which conducts such treatment, but he praised the youth organization for taking the initiative to bring about the welfare of the villagers and especially the steps taken for the benefit of the residents.
In the first phase, the allocation is Rs 39 crore for the first phase and Rs 20 crore for the second.
The villagers should also understand that this money needs to be used to fix the boundary of the forest area to prevent the burning of forests. The forest owners, this will not affect the ownership of the land, urged the residents not to hesitate to come forward to get this opportunity which will be a benefit from this. you scheme.
Sabalenka admitted that she could accept it if Kostyuk had that feeling. her hatred and enmity against the Belarusian player.
On the other hand, the Chairman of JHADC said that according to his authority under Article 36(3) of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous District Councils Rules to hold an emergency meeting on the 3rd of July.
Besides these sports, gyms/yoga institutes/fitness centers have also been allowed to open.
Therefore, we need to showcase to the world this custom and tradition,” said Ma Wailad. He said that on his part, he has requested the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. to be appointed as Chairman of the Environment Committee.
“We congratulate the present government for listening to the concerns of the coal owners and for keeping its promise to lift the coal ban.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) Leader, Bah Hamletson Dohling, who is also a Minister in the MDA Government, has sent a letter to the Minister of Forest, Environment and Climate Change, Prakash Javadekar, Star Cement Meghalaya Ltd. has withdrawn its environmental clearance for the development of a mining project in Brishyrnot, East Jaintia Hills.
Monkiru Chyrmang was handed over to the Ladrymbai Outpost Police Station by members of the VDP, Mookhep Dorbar Shnong and JSM. who killed Kong Lita in a forest area by stabbing her in the neck.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Nongkrem Circle, which held a special meeting this evening, has expressed its satisfaction that there has been an agreement between all parties, including the Government. The State, KHADC and civil society have agreed to end UCIL's plan to mine uranium in Jynrin, Domiasiat, Mawthabah and others on the grounds that UCIL or the Government of India It has not been able to explain to the people of the State that there is no health hazard from the mining of Uranium in these villages of West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to media on November 7, u Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the demand for the division of the state is only a far-fetched idea as the most important thing now is to determine the border. It is located between Assam and Meghalaya.
At the same time, they strongly condemned the Syiem of Rambrai Hima for issuing the NOC without considering the many people who have been affected by the land grabbing.
“Ka Seng has decided to attend this meeting called by the government, but my strike will continue,” said Bah Ardent at the strike site amidst the cheers of thousands of people gathered. near the Addl Secretariat, explaining that the continuation of the strike is because the party has decided that the President will remain on strike until the government approves to amend the Reservation Policy.
Jowai, Lber 19: The 21st KJP Synod Eastern Service held at Nangbah Presbyterian Church, Nangbah Nongjngi Hadem Presbytery West Jaintia Hills District has started today. today Sunday 19th on the Subject Synod entitled “Plow your land” Hosea 10:1
That is righteousness and patriotism.
Besides the Sohkynduh dance, there will be a soh competition, a cycling competition, a phawar competition, a poetry reading competition, a point game, and a shooting and shooting competition among others.
Among all the government employees, only the employees of the police department are the most complete and happy.
Shillong: The Foreign Trade Chamber of Commerce (FTCM) Meghalaya, after meeting with the Local MLA and SDO Civil Amlarem in the past few days and yesterday, 26th November, The DC West Jaintia Hills, at his office in Jowai, to request, to allow more vehicles to enter Bangladesh, in connection with the border trade, export and import to Bangladesh through Dawki LCS. The SDO Civil Amlarem has distributed 850 lime stones and boulders per day to walk the border market on the 6th of this month. 250 vehicles of coal and 200 vehicles of boulder stone from Pynursla and 15 vehicles of boulder stone from Jowai. along with their drivers and managers but they have not been able to export goods to Bangladesh.
Of these 220 cases, 13 cases in Golflink, 6 cases in Laitjem, 6 cases in Laitumkhrah, 8 cases in Marbisu, 12 cases in Mawkdok, 19 cases in Mawlai, 6 cases in Mawpat, 6 cases in Mylliem, cases in Umkrem, 10 cases in Umtngew.
LAHORE: Pakistan's Sindh state has decided to block the phone numbers of those who refuse to be vaccinated against covid-1
It is a forgetfulness that the people who have been staying at home for 21 days have lacked food and household items.
According to Bah Marshal Dkhar, the reason why he came to support the BJP candidate, is because he agrees and supports the position of this young man and he also has that vision of this young man. If you come to power, you will be able to bring about change in Mawhati Constituency.
The General Secretary of the HSPDP Youth Wing, Bah Michael Thongni, has resigned from the party.
Furthermore, we see that it is dangerous if this company works without thinking of the welfare of the people,” said the letter from the FKJGP to the SDO. Evanfield Khonglam said that the complainant has taken action against the company because of the torti mining and the torti soil breaking. aiom rain.
The KSU has also come forward to speak out on this issue after finding that the government has not yet been able to implement those laws which do not exist especially the law that has not been passed. The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 should be implemented while the state government has not been able to issue the Inner Line Permit (ILP). prevent or prevent the illegal entry of persons from outside the state.
College will play against Khimusniang at 1:30 pm.
Robert said that this statement of Conrad Sangma shows that he is in favor of the abolition of the reservation or special job allocation for the indigenous people.
Last Saturday, the elders of the Elaka, had a special meeting with Bah Radha, to pay tribute to him for his services to the women and families in need. your help in the time of childbirth.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kyrmen said that the GPS attendance apps have been implemented in East Jaintia Hills not by the government, but by the district only because of the need.
Then Jesus went to the Gentiles in Samaria.
Nongpoh, July 04: Despite the strong opposition from the farmers who have been affected and have not yet received their payment from the implementation of the New Umtru Hydro Electric Project (NUHEP), Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the New Umtru Hydro Electric Project (NUHEP). There was no delay in the opening of the power plant which was built in 2007 at a cost of T.629 crore.
The club, which is owned by RP Sanjiv Goenka Group, will be known as Mohun Bagan Super Giant. The club is also the owner of the Indian Premier League cricket club. Lucknow Super Giants.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Lakyntiew said that after completing the matric examination in class 11, she started writing only during the examination but when she reached the grade Khadar or 12th, she had to leave her teaching job and go to class every day, because it was more difficult to write only the examination.
Accommodation is available but food can be eaten in the canteen or cooked by yourself but these children have been complaining for three months that they don't have money anymore and they said they don't have money to buy food and ask for money. and they received it.
He served as an officer in the BSF until his retirement.
Advisor HB Lanong, former Village Headman and W. Khonglah, Auditor J. Tongper, N. Tongper, K. Khonglah and K. Lanong.
There are 6 people who have not been injected with covid.
Paswan is reportedly undergoing treatment for high blood pressure and will undergo further treatment in the coming months.
The residents also said that if the Coke plant exists, it will seriously affect the agriculture, drinking water, health, school children in these villages and other activities. SDkhar, GS Umsatai Village, said that the village has been destroyed by the floods.
In the incident, a water truck was destroyed, trucks parked around the area were destroyed and houses were destroyed. lut who is inside the bag.
On this occasion, they also requested to investigate thoroughly the robbers involved in the robbery of these shops and the owners of the shops have lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station.
“How do you know? “Do you think there is a lot of difference in the city?” asked Kynum.
Inaugurating the school, Ma Dawan Lyngdoh said that the purpose of establishing the school is to provide education to the children of Namdong area who come from poor families and who do not have the opportunity to study. go to schools outside the village.
In the news, published in the newsportal of Rupang.com, entitled “Byrngem u Samla to the Samla”, which appeared on 3rd June 2019, there is a mistake, because the byrngem, whose name is Deepak Singh, of South Delhi's Safdarganj, is not the boyfriend of Cherry Lyngdoh Nongrang.
Wahkhen is located at the foot of the Ryngngain River and is about 25 kilometers from Pomlum, the road down to Pynursla and Wahkhen.
On this occasion, several illegal rnga burning places and storage areas were also destroyed and illegally burnt rnga was also seized.
They were also urged to participate in the testing for COVID-19 in their villages by the staff of the health department of the state government.
He said that the government will convene a meeting with the village headmen tomorrow morning to discuss this issue and to work together, because the government alone cannot do without the cooperation of the authorities. village.
He admitted that it is only the Congress party which is strongly opposed to the CAB and for this reason, the people will not leave.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of the BJP from Laban, on Tuesday recalled the letter he wrote to the Prime Minister on 12th July 2019, in which he opposed the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Bill as it will affect the well-being of Meghalaya and the North East as a whole.
There were also speeches on several topics related to the youth, such as the Indian Youth Movement by the National Youth Director of ICYM Fr.Chetan Machado and Jimmy Thang, a famous singer from Manipur, who sang the song “God gave the song.
Even the solar energy is not equally beneficial because you have to rely on the heat of the sun.
The federation is still trying to register itself while the unions under its jurisdiction have already registered according to the law.
Tura, July : Star Cement recently conducted a relief campaign for the flood victims in Garo Hills, Meghalaya.
General Secretary Bah Kmenlang Shylla W/S Wahiajer, TBU, Joint Secretary, General Secretary (GS) Amlarem Block Unit, GS Jowai Town Unit, GS Khliehriat Block Unit, GS Laskein Block Unit, GS Saipung Block Unit and GS Thadlaskein Block Unit.
After three months of hard work, my father found a small shop that was enough for him to live alone.
This is according to the order of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District.
If anyone has any objection to this order, he may lodge a complaint before the District Magistrate within 30 days from the date of issuance of this order. is and will be effective June 1, 2023.
Shillong, Nailar 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday rejected the demand of some MLAs to convene a special session to discuss the deterioration of law and order in Garo Hills.
According to a statement sent by the Vice President of the CoRP, Bah Gershome Hat, hundreds of trucks carrying earth and cargo pass through Meghalaya to Assam every day.
“Besides the dulir and documents approved by the Raid ki Hima, they themselves have been verified,” said the EM. Langpih Area in West Khasi Hills has an area of ​​298.07 acres per sq. km.
In the presence of Bah Elfrinstar Umlong, Secretary of Shangbangla Village, Bah Bison Nongshli, President of Shangbangla, Bah Bison Nongshli, President of Shangbangla, Bah Bison Nongshli. The farmers who have been affected by the insect attack have visited several affected farms.
The entry fee per player is T.30 and no more than 25 players per team.
Because the rule of law is the foundation of politics.
NASA has been monitoring the asteroid for several months, calling it 2020 RK2
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting with the Kurs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to discuss the Khasi Clan Bill. Bill related to the Kur.
He replaces Punit Bisht, who retired in April after leading Meghalaya in the last tournament, who has been with the team since Like Bisht, Verma is a wicketkeeper-batter and recently joined the Services team.
“According to him, the Government will take strong action if the drivers or drivers charge more than the passengers.
Kerala came fourth in Group-D, which was very interesting.
It has launched many schemes such as the e-Awas portal which shows the Government's commitment to ensure the welfare of the soldiers.
Up to 25 of them have passed the N4 and N5 examinations in the first attempt and have received job offers.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today directed all shops to increase the price of goods in front of their shops. marbam in the District.
It is through this crisis that the RSS leaders have entered the political arena.
Nongpoh, November 06: The Meghalaya People's Coal Traders Welfare Organization (MPCTWO) today requested the state government to release the challans of coal that have been auctioned since June 2023 to November 2023, on the grounds that many coal traders have demanded that the state government should issue Challans so that they can transport or sell coal like those coal traders. in the state.
From South Tura, BJP MDC Bernard Marak will contest while from Selsella, NPP MLA Ferlin CA Sangma has left the NPP and joined the BJP. The NPP has doubted that it may not get a ticket after Conrad can contest from the constituency which he has won in the past years.
Shillong, November 30: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has strongly criticized the decision of the NGT. The Meghalaya High Court has suspended the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs who have been established since ancient times according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
The District Magistrate issued this order after receiving information that some people are using bombs, pesticides, jar/tyngsong and other methods of hunting. Those who live in the Umngot, Umlow and Umngi rivers (through the Kenbah, Kenmynsaw, Domskong, Mawrapat, Mawsawa, Mawkasain, Kenbah Malai, Kynrang, Rangweng, Jyllep, Khiehsaw Pomblang, Laitumsaw, Dangar, Dangar Dop, Umsawrang, Photstein, Umlynter, Lalpani and Pynden Borsora) are located in the East Khasi Hills District.
The promotion of Himalayan and Buddhist rights is also a special part of the Government's activities.
All the sports fans are requested to come and witness the match between these two teams with their own eyes so that it will be an inspiration for them.
She said how the police are quick to admit that it was a shooting incident when they don't know the truth.
The meeting also approved two other laws to ban the entry of illegal immigrants into the state and these two laws including the Benami Act and the Immigration Act. The Government has said that it will bring it to the Legislative Assembly next month.
Those who are those MLAs or MDCs are the leaders when the villagers come and go because they have to provide from the smallest to the biggest jobs.
“Why don't they see the problems faced by the youth, whether it is in the employment sector, employment and others, but they are thinking about how to build a railway.
Dr L.Mawsor introduced the teams.
Perhaps we can be happy, proud, wise, happy, happy, but in our view of our wealth, it is not so.
Shops, dhabas, restaurants and hotels along the NH 6 have also been allowed to open on a take away basis.
Nongstoiñ, November 4: U Wallambok Dkhar, Organizing Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) Mawshynrut Circle, son of HL Nongsiang, President of the National People's Party (NPP) Mawshynrut Circle, on Tuesday said that the HSPDP MLA from Mawshynrut Circle, Witting Mawsor, has alleged that and this made the young man very sad.
What shall we expect of the tax collectors? Have the farmers been able to build the society of the country and the nation? I have seen the tax collectors only know how to receive and ask, they don't know how to do anything else.
“Expressing his satisfaction to learn that there are still many Jingkieng jri in this Raid Mawlam which still need to be maintained, the CEM said, “I will not say that it will be difficult but with the cooperation of all the The private sector will join hands with the relevant agencies to preserve the heritage of our ancestors.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong cannot refuse to issue this request because there are some Sengbhalang who take advantage and misuse their Sengbhalang status.
He urged the people of Mawkyrwat constituency to work together to bring about development in the constituency and added that from now on he will be the leader of all the people of the constituency and not just him. On the other hand, Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA of the UDP, said that his victory over the BJP candidate is because the people of Ranikor constituency still trust in his leadership in the past years. depth.
It has been 7 years now but these districts are not enough and also the sub-divisions have not been able to do anything except for research but many have to go to the district.
Priyanshu Rajawat beat Chia Hao Lee of Chinese Taipei 7-21, 5-21 in the first round while Meiraba Luwang Maisnam lost 13-21, 25-23, 20-2 Joran Kweekel from Denmark in the final round of the tournament.
Many of the people, especially the Opposition, have said that the BJP and the NPP are the same, but they differ only in their names, the BJP in Hindi and the NPP in English.
“It has been too long and thousands of precious lives have been lost in crime in the country, we need to accept the fact that we have made a mistake in allowing the robbers and we should have surprised the people. “Before it is too late, we must stop the work,” said Dr Sangma.
KSU Leimow Unit President Javeline Chadap, KSU Leimow Unit President Javeline Chadap, KSU Leimow Unit President Livingstone Khlem General Secretary, Deovolente Tang Finance Secretary and other leaders were present at the distribution.
Love demands righteous rule and righteous judgment, while the Sadducees, Pharisees, scribes and other nobles worked and collaborated with the Kings, Governors or Governors of the Roman Empire to persecute and destroy. the people, especially the rangli and the juki.
Shillong: A tennis player named D. Vishwa, who was planning to come to the state to participate in the 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship to be held in Shillong, has passed away. After a tourist taxi he was driving collided with a truck on the NH-6, in parts of Shangbangla village, Ri Bhoi.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it has been decided to complete the construction of the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, Shillong within the next three years. that's it.
If they miscalculate their bad dreams (like the team writers) and except the number they write, they will change as soon as the 2023 election is over and they will change their political thinking. -Tdong, head and head are like lambit without foundation.
Besides these ships, India has sent two C-130 aircraft of the Air Force for inspection and assistance at such times.
The arrested were identified as Raju Biswa, 36, and Chandra Prakash,
Who doesn't clean the petrol? In Laitkor, Bharat Petroleum RO has been accused of cleaning water in petrol.
He said that the silence of the SNSBH in these days is not for any reason but mainly because they are waiting for the decision of the Supreme Court. The hearing will be held on the 13th of November for more than 10 months.
Media reports said that Ban's last wish before stepping down from his post is to wear uniforms to the Daju. On the 1st of November, the daju shall wear uniforms.
' He spoke about the achievements in regional peacekeeping operations recalling that there are many ceasefire agreements already signed, border related agreements completed and that the you have not triumphed.
To revive the areas where there are coal mines that are no longer in operation, under the MEPRF we have been able to produce 9 lakh tree seedlings and 2 lakh seedlings have been distributed to the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : UDP Leader and former Symbud Myntri Rangbah Bindo M Lanong on Saturday said that the government should immediately implement the Mines and Mineral Policy
The Bible contains many stories related to politics and without going back far into the past, political observers in the United States claim that President Ronald Reagan may not have relationship or belonging to the Nuclear Dispensationalist Group.
He said the party has already taken these two issues to Parliament to demand from the CM to fulfill the aspirations of the people of Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister's Solar Mission is one of the programs to assist solar power plants used by households,” he said.
The Garo are one of the groups that originated from this area and own it and need independence and self-government.
One is to enable the political parties to solve the problems when they have to send the census by bringing it in person and the other is to ensure that the census is sent in a timely manner.
The FKJGP said that MeECL in charge of Amlarem Sub Divisional has promised to take action and resolve this issue.
Jowai, Nailur 07 : 7 Wasa beat Sohmynting 4-0 in the U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament 2022 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). The meeting was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The Government has done this with the aim of promoting agriculture so that the farmers can become rich by selling their produce.
That is, Martha called out to Jesus to send Mary to help her with the cleaning and cooking.
“I heard another train coming from the track.
Indeed, at that time the understanding between the national parties was very strong and the leaders of the parties were also aggressive, aggressive and showing their own colours.
It is understood that the Ministry of Defense will appoint the Prime Minister.
Shillong, November 15 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma on Friday inaugurated the Cancer Wing of the Civil Hospital Shillong in the presence of the Principal Secretary, Sampath Kumar. in addition to other officers of the department.
“The Smart Village Movement has a goal to bring about cleanliness and has now worked with Clearbot to demonstrate a device that can collect garbage,” said Bah Pynshai.
Regarding the ongoing peace talks with the HNLC, the PM expressed his desire for lasting peace in Meghalaya and urged the state government to take forward the peace talks. this task in order to conclude more quickly.
The Indian Institute of Science (IISC) in Bengaluru, which ranked 300th last year, has now reached 301-350th position. there is a sharp decline in environmental research, education system and income too.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has decided to admit only players from outside the state by suspending the admission of other players from outside the state. to participate together in various tournaments as it has done in previous seasons.
At Polo Ground, the crowd struggled to enter the 5th Ground until some of them were killed due to the struggle to enter the gate.
The four dead were from drownings in Mayurbanj and Bhadrak districts.
And it came to pass at that time, that he went into the house to do his work; and there was none at home of the people of the house.
In another match, Pohkseh SC beat Nongkseh SC 2-1 with goals scored by W Nongkhlaw 44' and N Lyngkhoi 60' while B Rumnong scored 1 goal for Nongkseh SC. 53'.
The Chief Secretary said that through this policy, there will be a Village Sanitation Committee to look after the work of maintaining and protecting the water supply.
The word of the Lord God of Israel through the prophet Isaiah.
Travel from one district to another will be prohibited, except for those who report their travel and also those who follow the rules of covid prevention, or who travel for essential purposes. injected or those who go to agriculture, farming and others.
Speaking to Rupang, sources close to the party said that until today, no Congress leaders have left to campaign for Dikanchi in Lum Garo, except for a few. Several government ministers including DD Lapang, Ampareen Lyngdoh and Deborah Marak were also present.
There are many kinds of these things that all of us have experienced since we were born.
Regarding the allegation by the Assam Police that the residents of Mukroh had carried weapons and killed the Forest Guard of Assam, he said that the residents did not have any weapons. and the Forest Guard of Assam was shot dead by the people of Assam.
During the search in the presence of witnesses, 20 boxes of stem powder were seized and after testing it was confirmed to be heroin.
She recalled that she had taken the step by signing the petition to express her opposition to the government's decision which they took part in on the 26th of July. will remove the notice by the 5th of June.
The beneficiaries will receive letters from the State Government, which will also appear on the websites of the Agricultural & Farmer's Welfare Department. Block Nodal Office.
“Ka seng has demanded to increase the Deficit Pattern in 2019 for the MDA Government but due to the shortage of funds, the government has proposed to increase the salary.
Rebekah Nongspung from East Khasi Hills also won two gold medals in the women's 50 kg sparring and Kata.
He was arrested after a police raid.
While granting bail, the court questioned the Investigating Officer (IO) who failed to complete the case within 90 days and criticized the Special Judge (NDPS) Shillong for sending him to jail without receiving a report from the IO. The High Court has said that the Special Judge (NDPS), Shillong has issued the order without proper reasoning.
There are 2562 polling stations in the state in 11 districts in the state of two parliamentary constituencies.
The meaning of the word “Tipbriew Tipblei” is not limited to knowledge: it extends to the smallest parts of action that stem from the inner understanding of man that appears outwardly as the face of his heart.
Regarding the arrest of these six poachers, Bah Wanphai Lyngdoh, Forester I, Nongpoh Range, Wildlife Department, said that after the arrest of these six persons, they were taken to the Nongpoh and have been detained by the Wildlife Department for further investigation in connection with the shooting of animals in the government forest.
He urged the management of the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) Jowai to take action and encourage the women badminton players to take part in the 14th District Open Badminton Championship The Badminton Tournament was held from 1.9.2023 to 9.9.2023 at the Indoor Sports Hall of the Seiñ Raij Jowai on Saturday. in the categories including Women Single & Double, Men's 35+, Men's 50+, Men's Single and Double and Mixed Double.
The 150 people who were shot dead were Syrian officials and the Nusayri tribe, a minority of Shia Muslims in Syria.
This year, the tyngshop has taken over the first position from Virat who has held it for five years.
“We promise that if we come to power, we will support our farmers with the Minimum Support Price for sying, shynrai, synsar, sohmarit and others,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The District Magistrate has banned the burning of forest in West Jaintia Hills District.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 4: Theft and robbery have spread to many areas in West Khasi Hills.
Besides the fact that children have lost their education during the Covid-19 pandemic for two years, there is now a shortage of teachers.
After seeing the incident on social media, the leaders and members of the Union of Waheh Shnongs-East Jaintia Hills District, the next day went to meet the Deputy Commissioner, According to a statement, the Union of Waheh Shnongs-East Jaintia Hills District, was shocked to hear the news and the next day, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, The President, Bah H.Nongtdu, in the presence of Dr.P.Nongtdu and several leaders of the area, left to meet the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills. District, A.Baranwal, in his office and sought clarification on the news that appeared in the media.
Selsella: The Trinamool Congress Meghalaya (TNC) held a rally in Selsella on 10th November 2022 with the participation of more than 5000 party supporters.
Shah said that after a meeting with all the secretaries in charge, an Implementation Committee should be appointed to monitor the progress of the implementation of the recommendations of volumes 1 to 11 of the report. .
On the other hand, in the Sohra constituency, the incumbent MDC and MLA, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, has been affected.
How sad it is to think and see that there are people who, when they are too selfish, cause the anxiety that we all experience.
Through the use of the code “VOTENOW” in the Rapido app, residents can ride free of charge on polling day, ensuring that every voter can exercise their rights. that they have been appointed to the public administration without any financial difficulties.
This time too, Anthony has applied for the UDP ticket and Antonio War has also joined the UDP to apply for the MDC ticket and the UDP has decided for Antonio.
He said that the RBYO through Bah Baïateilang Lapang, as explained by the officer, has appealed to the people who do not have Adhaar Card, when they encounter the case that they do not have Adhaar Card. At the same time, the union urges the distributors of ration or even the Rangbah Shnongs in Ri Bhoi, not to intimidate or force the people who have not received the ration. don't have an Adhaar Card or don't have a card.
At the same time, he said that the retirement age of the Muster Roll has been extended from 58 years to 60 years and the government has also approved other demands of the union.
It is learned that on the market day, it is dangerous and difficult for the villagers to walk on the road, to load passengers and load goods just because of the congestion of the road and traffic jam.
John came to proclaim to the world to prepare to glorify the Lord of lords beyond the borders of Israel.
The grabage fishing competition was held as part of the explanation or training to the public on solid waste management.
This is God's law and nature does not go wrong, but it is man who makes it wrong.
They have blocked the highway to express their strong opposition to the seizure of land by Nagaland in the Daldali Reserve Forest.
It would be good if the farmer understood some of the science of plant breeding, if he wanted to do this.
The President of the party said that the party today tried to meet with the Chief Secretary of the state, Bah WMS Pariat to convey their demand to him but the CS refused. When they inquired about their demand letter, they found that it had not been processed.
Nongpoh, November 19: U Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, who is also the NPP candidate from Mawhati, today took over as the new President of the National People's Party (NPP) Mawhati Block. He was announced as the NPP candidate for Mawhati constituency at a meeting of party leaders at Mawlasnai today.
Therefore, we all have a huge role and responsibility to monitor and teach our children manners and to learn to respect women at all times and places.
I want that if I leave here I will leave without a bad record and that the good of my family and my mother's family will remain.
The question is why the departments cannot verify the expenditure if they have actually spent on various schemes.
Shillong: U Bah Tarcisious Mawlot, 55, who has contested the elections from Mairang constituency in the past years, from the KHNAM party, has now contested the elections from Mairang constituency. He said that he will contest the upcoming election from Mawlai constituency. He said that his contest from Mawlai constituency will be after. He said that his prayer has resulted in him having to contest from Mawlai constituency in the upcoming elections.
As the days went by, the heat wave became worse and worse and the residents were forced to live in the middle of darkness and water shortages.
According to sources, the SPL will be held twice this year as the 2022-23 season will start in October, while the second season is scheduled to be held in March. It is for the 2023-24 season.
East Jaintia Hills Hills District.
God wanted the people to repent before He allowed the Israelites to build the Temple.
In the presence of Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ, MDC Nongstoin Constituency, Lata Syiemlieh DSEO WKHD, Sr.
The East Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (ETC) Women's Cricket Association (EACC) is ready to start the season against South West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association in Zone 1 of Group A. at Umbuda, the Fear.
I also announce that she has praised me in the newspaper 'U Nongsain Hima dt.13.01.2020 and suggested that I should go to the Rajya Sabha as an MP,' which I have already congratulated and expressed my gratitude. feeling.
A spokeswoman for the Richmond Police Department confirmed that the victims were injured in the shooting and that there is no danger to the pedestrians and residents of the area. .
What is your purpose?
One of the employees had to stay in the office with his children and spouse because he was sued by his landlord for not paying rent.
Our Hynniewtrep also thanks God and sacrifices cattle, goats or sheep according to the opportunity to do so.
In order to avoid the delay in purchasing machines in case of any breakdown, the FFT feels that the government should create a Contingency Plan, so that MeCEL can take immediate action in case of breakdown. “It will take a long time and will disrupt the services of the department,” he said.
Ma Moonlight said that when electing a leader, don't elect the one who is the master, but elect the one who can serve.
Mr. Charles suggested the establishment of various committees to fight against this evil.
According to the letter signed by the 60 Rangbah, the demand for the dismissal of the Branch Manager is due to her inability to manage her duties properly especially the lack of its ability to provide better confidence to the people.
Babysunday Marngar opened the scoring in the second minute, but Mawten equalized in the 21st minute through Oversharp Ïawphniaw.
There have been 57,117 new cases of covid-19 today and the death toll has risen to
“Our party has expelled Cyril D. Marak because he has misled the party supporters by alleging that some of the party candidates have taken money from the party but have not given it back to them. “This statement is false and in fact it is he who has sold himself to other candidates,” said Robinus T. Sangma, Convenor of JDU Meghalaya.
Wegrim A. Sangma (41) scored the first goal for South West Garo.
Speaking at a meeting at Psiar, Ma Habahun Dkhar said that many residents of the village have informed him that they find it difficult to get a vehicle to travel especially during the illness.
“He has apologized but we have ordered him to submit a written apology tomorrow and we will see whether he will apologize or not,” said Committee member HM Shangpliang.
In recent years, the main aspects of these events have been the “four Cs”: covid-19, conflict, climate change, and the cost of living crisis.
John F Kharshiing, Working President, reminded all the teams that all these games are part of the preparations for the 39th National Games which the state will host in 2026 or 2027 after Uttarakhand and Uttarakhand. Chhattisgarh and it is hoped that through these supports of the State Government in various sports programs and by hosting these State Games and other sports events we will hope to produce sports stars from the state.
Shillong: There is a saying that farmers are the most needy people in the state, the country and the world as a whole, but these most needy people from time to time come out to ud ban nam ban express their suffering as farmers.
Police have been informed about the disappearance of the mothers of the two children.
“We have tried to operate by buses but the traffic police have not allowed us, saying they have not received an order from the DC to allow us.
“We are living in the days when as a nation we are facing a fierce struggle and if we are not vigilant and repent to protect our nation, the time will come when even that repentance will come. it doesn't wait anymore," he said.
Speaking at the meeting, the CMO congratulated the Department of Blood Bank, NEIGRIHMS and other groups for their hard work in organizing this blood donation.
The JAC-HJ explained that it had to stand up because of the corruption of the Syiem Hima.
In a statement sent by Bah R Sawian President and Bah P Syiemlieh Secretary of the Society, they said that the Society is saddened to see the deterioration of the roads in Tyrna area which falls under the 26- Shella Constituency.
In October, another woman from War Nongshken, gave accommodation in her house to a Bangladeshi, whose name alone was difficult to hear, Mehmud Ser. and she acknowledged that he was her husband, when the men of the city went to look for him.
He said the party has decided to oppose the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in Meghalaya and the North East.
Regarding the spread of plastic and garbage in the streets, it is a shame to the villages, so what is needed now is that as residents, they should have that. The responsibility should not be to rely solely on the village leaders to clean or clean them but there should be cooperation and understanding by starting from home.
On this occasion, the Minister also met with the teachers, students and village leaders and said that the government will be with them and will cooperate.
Shillong, June 01: The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) First Division Football Tournament will resume today at the MFA Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Even the Central Government has implemented this since 2016, so that there is transparency in the appointment process.
This road is only 8 kilometers long.
The President of KSU Delhi, Kong Marbiang Khongwir, has spoken to the owners of the houses where the child went to work and they have explained that they have received the child through an agency in Delhi. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The KSU Central Executive Committee (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow and strong opposition to the forced killing of three souls by Assam in Mukroh today.
When contacted by the two PDF MLAs, Banteidor said, “I don't know, who said this? I don't want to say anything. I'll tell you the truth when the time comes.
“If we think carefully, it is accepted that this is a part of the struggle for the society against its own laws in India and the State as a whole and also against the lives of every human being. “If you look at the rights of citizens under the Constitution of India,” said the AIM. The RTE Act 2009, Human Rights Education with Children (RTE) Act 2009 and also witnessed that all these which the Government has led to mismanage when it comes to the decisions of the Government. The Supreme Court has decided to make a public announcement, said a statement sent by AIM Meghalaya Chairman Banshai Marbaniang.
As witnessed, this road has been left without maintenance for many decades now and due to the lack of maintenance or improvement this road has been filled with snow and ice which has caused a lot of trouble to the people. go and come through this road.
The project has cost T.10 crore.
