There is also a recently completed suspension bridge connecting the Hima Nongjri.
The AIM also said that these days after the outbreak of Covid-19, which has become only a way to increase the price of goods including beverages and other sectors.
Shallang market has been closed, Since the outbreak of the disease, When it is opened, don't count, You will be infected with corona.
The Khasi Hills is what is called the country of knowledge of man and knowledge of God, because since ancient times the rule of justice and knowledge of man knows God, whether in the home, village or society. also the same.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 552 new cases and 6352 active cases in the state.
He said that there are also Khasi villages like Mawlan, Mawdiangsnam, Iewnongma and others where the residents have received assistance from the Assam government through housing construction schemes and others.
In the RTI, Pakyntein replied that 3200 kombors were purchased at the price of T.375 tyngka each and the total amount spent on the purchase of kombor was T.12,00,000 tyngka and in the cash memo. The blankets were purchased from Ludhiana Blankets in Guwahati and were purchased on 26th June,
It is to be recalled that the Adhoc School teachers took to the streets again in Shillong and Tura after the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government failed to hold its position in the talks. The meeting was held between the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the leaders of FASToM on the 12th of June.
When Chhetri spoke on the subject, many of the children raised their hands to agree with what he said.
The decision was taken at a meeting between Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Meghalaya and Tripura Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and Biblab Kumar Beb and Assam Minister in charge of Industry and Commerce.
Some people have criticized me when I sent to the editors through facebook, “To the editors of Khasi newspapers”.
Only a little bit, but there is still a lot to discuss, but the difficulty ends only before the election.
Nongpoh: Regarding the Assam government's continued crossing of the border with Meghalaya, in the Bakhlapara area under Jirang C&RD Block, which used to cross the border by misleading the residents through development works, Samla Receive Pator, President of KSU Western Border Area, said that the KSU Western Border Area is surprised why the Assam government is so smart to cross the border into these areas. don behind this border crossing.
This was announced by Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today.
Regarding the request of the employees for the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS), Bah Pynskhlem Lyngdoh said, “We request the Government to implement the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) as implemented by the Government. from 2017 so that employees who have to retire can be released when they retire from their jobs.
On the other hand, on the same day, the village leaders of Sohpdok, honored the students who passed well in the SSLC and HSLC, which was honored by Samla Dasakhiatbha Lamare.
In this regard, the Government has said that it will examine the documents but it has not explained to the public how the Government has found those documents whether they are true citizens or foreigners. Assam, according to the KSU, has released the second list.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The statement also said that these four players were selected from the National Muaythai Championship to be held at Shrimati Kojti Roa Pow.
Perhaps, many understand that these days, it is only the time to withdraw money, while the time to deposit, or the time to withdraw is not at all and the difficulty is that the queue at the bank, which lasts for tens of hours. , doesn't matter anymore, because the money, has plainly spent in the accounts of many citizens and one problem ahead, is that if you have less than 10,000, you will be fined There are no banks, especially the State Bank.
However, as young men and women who have responsibility for the society of the country and the nation, we should not be afraid or backward but let us be brave and self-reliant.
for he transforms himself into an angel of light.—2 Corinthians 11:4
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit has written a book on Aadhar and the book was launched today by Tymmenbasan KP Pangniang who is also an MLA. the HSPDP in Rambrai.
These days we see that the Meghalaya High Court has decided that even Mawshun which should be exported is a Major Mineral. Those who own land of less than 100 (Shispah) hectares can also fall under the Mawshun because they cannot take Mawshun exported as a Major Mineral like Coal.
Home Minister Amit Shah today said that there is no political opinion on the introduction of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (CAB) and that it will not be implemented. neither shall there be any partiality with any man.
It is a song to remember the time when the Jews lost their country and were taken captive to ancient Babylon, but most people make this song a Christmas song without sympathy for the Israelites who chose the path of disobedience to God has violated the laws of Jehovah God.
Floods and landslides have continued in hilly states like Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand, where many tourists have been stranded.
However, the water for use was obtained from the Wah ka Liar but no sign of the pyrsut nar was seen.
In addition, the city can enforce laws against those who commit crimes so that it will be a lesson for them to keep clean in the city.
Khliehriat, Naitung 30 : The residents of Lelad village, East Jaintia Hills District, together with the leaders of the Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) today held a rally at Lelad village to protest against the coal mining at the Coke factory in North East. Carbon' alleging that the smoke from there threatens not only the residents but also the crops and agriculture in the village.
They asked their daughter Rida, who told her what her father had said and commanded her.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the police have arrested Cheristerfield Thangkhiew after receiving a tip that there will be another attempt to detonate an IED. once in the city of Shillong.
“Sangma said that motorcycle riding is a tribute to our Nari Shakti, which is an old tradition of our rights and a demonstration of the power of women.
Shillong: The BJP's attempt to introduce a bill to hold elections only once has sparked a fierce debate over the measures it has taken.
They thought she was hiding somewhere.
Therefore, this interim order of the Single Judge has been suspended,” the Supreme Court ordered.
“To make matters worse, the corruption of the Government has come to light when the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has summoned me, the Chairman and the Finance Secretary even after the talks have started. forward," he added.
Dr. Nichwa was on his way home from leave on the night of 17th November 2022 while visiting a friend in Mawblei, Shillong when he was involved in a serious accident. A truck carrying jhur has hit his leg until he has lost one side of his leg and now his leg has been covered with silver.
The Wahiajer Sports and Cultural Club will hold the 6th Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament at Wahiajer with a cash prize of T.3 lakh.
They were promoted along with the 2020 Batch of Assam-Meghalaya Cadre.
The work will go ahead as soon as it is completed,” he said.
He also congratulated the Revive Band and Sweet String Band who came to entertain the audience with their songs at the festival.
Mawlai and Khliehmawlieh have qualified for the semi finals of the Meghalaya State League 2023 after winning on Thursday.
“Wherever we have to do according to the district wise review, the allegations can come from anywhere but we have to look at the facts and figures,” he said.
All those involved in the process will be integrated into a national online platform that will further facilitate the process.
Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia has said that the number of cases of covid-19 will rise to 5.5 lakh by 31st November 2020 and the government will need 80,000 beds to treat these patients. patient.
October 20, 1978: The KSU was not born in a world of ease.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: A woman named Kong Rejoice Indalin Rynjah, has expressed her anger that when she went to vote, she found that her rights have been misused by other voters. person who is called in foreign language a proxy.
Pray that you will know the truthDon't commentDon't comment.
In the past, West Khasi Hills was characterized by the presence of Ranikor, Umshit in Jakrem and the presence of Nongkhnum.
Brolding, who won two terms as the UDP MLA from Mawthadraishan, was sworn in as Minister of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government by the Governor of Meghalaya T Roy at Raj Bhavan. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Speaker of the House Metbah Lyngdoh, other government ministers and dignitaries.
Five youths from Meghalaya represented India including Mary Christine Wriang in the 38 kg category under 14 years and 15 years, Alphonesa Zinia Wriang in the 36 kg category under Everestar Lyngdoh in the 48 kg category under 14 years and 15 years, Bansahnam Warkhyllew in the 45 kg category under 14 years and 15 years and Naphilawanbet Nongspung in the 45 kg category under 14 years and 15 years. Angelus Sun, President of the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya (MTAM) was also present.
Regarding the refusal of the Vice Chancellor to hold an emergency meeting of the Academic Council, the Vice Chancellor said that he has already explained in writing to all the parties. essential.
Suddenly one of the women said, “What do you mean, Assistant? Here we have only a Co-Pastor” which means she understands what I mean but she wants to explain that 'Assistant' is not the word they use.
Guwahati: The land dispute between Assam and Mizoram has resumed.
The MDA-I Government has built more than 200 new Lower Primary Schools across the state.
Then, the great scientist, CV Raman, who lived and bought the Rao Bhavan at Kench's Trace in the 1920s.
The meeting was conducted by Bah HA Nongrem and short speeches were delivered by P Nongpluh, State President NPP Women Wing, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, State President NPYF and other dignitaries.
“If its performance is satisfactory according to the agreement with the government, the government can continue to award it to do this work, but if it is not satisfactory, it can terminate the agreement,” he said. Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The HYC also demanded the immediate establishment of Fast Track Courts to expedite the conclusion of drug cases and to implement the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, (PIT-NDPS Act).
He said that the Government has been responsible for the expenses of the treatment of these two persons.
Shillong, July 03: Seven MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday met with the Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul to discuss his views on the Bill. They are Adelbert Nongrum (Jaiaw), Carmel Sohtun (Lait Kroh), James Ban Basaiawmoit (Mawkhar) all three from KHNAM, Congress MDC Lambor Malngiang (Nongkrem), and Kong Irene Lyngdoh (Pariong) and MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri (Nongshken).
Speech was also delivered by Samla Nangaibor Sutnga who is also the Waheh Shnong of Umdeiñlin and at the same time one of the strongest members of the party. Vice President of KSU WJHDU. The program was also enriched by traditional dances by the girls of Iooksi Village and KSU Laskeiñ Unit. KSU Sengkmie, u la ong 'For 44 years, the KSU has faced many challenges and intimidations from the government, but once the tree is strong, it cannot be extinguished. Samla Donald V Thabah with his words of advice and encouragement said that these two circles KSU Kupli Area Circle and KSU Laskeiñ Circle are border circles, they will face many challenges. the Government of Assam.
The maximum temperature in Shillong was 13.1 degrees Celsius, the lowest temperature was 1.7 degrees Celsius and the lowest temperature in Sohra was 11.1 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature was 2.9 degrees Celsius in Umiam, while the maximum temperature was 19.0 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 3.0 degrees Celsius.
Dr.E.Kalwing, District TB Officer, Ri Bhoi, while giving a training on this day, focused on the symptoms and impact of TB in the society.
In order to find out the truth about the plastic rice, the media visited the stock area of ​​FCI godown at Mawsmai 11mer Ri Bhoi District. , where he met with the Divisional Manager of Shillong FCI, Bajrang Agarwal.
He said it was suspected that the workers were trying to open the tyres – which led to the incident.
After a thorough search, it was found that there was no permit from the Forest Department of the State Government or the Forest Department of GHADC. The truck was received by the Chief Forest Officer, GHADC, Tura.
“The job of the KHCF is to prepare for the two-day Mawbynna Festival and it has nothing to do with the construction of the venue, as has been falsely alleged,” said the Secretary of the Forum, Bah Kharkongor.
The Prime Minister said the country's COWIN system has implemented the largest vaccination campaign in the history of the world.
She said that her husband's cooperation and selflessness is what they can understand at home or in the Lok Sabha as well.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongpoh Circle, this morning at 5 pm, have arrested 90 foreigners who were planning to rob enter the state illegally without proper documentation.
Shillong, July 23: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Raid Mawbuh Circle has warned that it will deport 13 foreigners if they fail to provide their documents within the stipulated date.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 241 new cases.
The incident happened at Mawthwan village in Sohiong constituency.
“Even the MDCs in the Executive Committee don't know anything about this, we are surprised how the CEM is willing to take a decision alone,” said Teinwell.
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad said that to celebrate Meghalaya, the government has decided to implement the 100 Days programme. , where the changes will be made inside the Secretariat by using Led Lights.
Speaking to media, Bah Ban Kharnaior said that the reason why the party leaders visited the schools in Ri-Bhoi is to encourage the students to play chess. IAS, IPS, IFS and other examinations like IAS, IPS, IFS and others because at present our state is ruled by foreigners. state from high posts, and very few Khasi have passed these exams.
What I was preparing to speak on was 'The Implementation of the Roster System and the Sudden Difference in the Appointment of Ethnic Candidates', but as the Adjournment Motion could not be passed in the House, I I have understood only a few of the previous parts which I have written.
He is an all-rounder who bats on the right and also bowls on the right.
During the walk, they also visited two of the oldest schools in Jaintia Hills, the Shangpung Presbyterian Lower Primary School which was founded by Don Sutnga (the first Christian of Shangpung) in He was promoted to ME School, Secondary and Higher Secondary School (1924) in Moolibang.
“Of course, at that time we couldn't respond immediately because we had to sit down and today we discussed these requests and after that we will call the HPC to inform them. I have not taken the decision.
KHNAM, under the leadership of Bah Adelbert, has acknowledged that Bah Pyndap has no power after the Election Commission of India has recognized Bah Adelbert as the President of the party. The party strongly condemns Bah Saiborn, who is still working as the leader of the party.
Sangma said he had spoken to government officials of the department to consider other options for the incident.
Police have lodged a complaint on these incidents and the investigation is ongoing to track down the owners of these vehicles, drivers and followers of these vehicles, for the purpose of punishing them according to the law. said the police report.
The child died shortly afterwards and the funeral service was held today.
The Dewlynnong covers an area of ​​10 to 15 sq.km and is surrounded by two rivers which flow on both sides of the Kynshi River – one flows east from where we get the Shadthum Valley while the other flows south. and to the east we came to the valley of Weiñia.
Meghalaya will play against Tripura on Monday.
“We too need to read and I would like to clarify here that it is not only 40 out of 40 in relation to the subject of reservation policy.
In this sacrificial prayer, he offers a sacrifice of thanksgiving – his most precious burnt offering which is his fellowman.
No one shall be allowed to enter the village freely without consulting the village authorities.
Maharashtra has the highest number of cases with 40,925, West Bengal with 18,213, Delhi with 17,335, Tamil Nadu with 8,981 and Karnataka with 8,4
The Executive Committee of the KHADC on Tuesday convened a special meeting to discuss the problems faced by the farmers and also the kilo cut. of rep.
NHAI has the authority to take action on this project”.
Angkit Tamang scored 3/58 in the first innings. Meghalaya tied well and scored 46 runs without losing a wicket after Manthan Dey scored 28 and Shubham scored 28 runs. Rasaily is 18 years old.
Speaking to media, u Bah Hek said that as the Khasi, they respect the deceased and want to be near them before they bury them. The Sunday has decided to hand over the remains of the deceased to take to their homes before burial.
Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie was the chief guest in the presence of Dr. Matbhador M. Khymdeit, Ostarnic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary KSU, CEC and Biangbor. L.Paliar, President KSU Mawlai Circle, FKJGP, HNYF, KSU leaders, parents of school children and others.
The union said that besides the new fare fixed by the Government, the vehicles have to accommodate passengers according to the capacity, ie 2 persons for each vehicle. autorickshaws, 4 for local taxis, 5 for tourists and 7 more for sumos.
They will continue to do so at all times.
Rymbui is the MLA of the UDP from Amlarem constituency.
He also urged the children to work hard so that they can uplift others who need help.
People all over the world fell and struggled with such an epidemic after 100 years and no one knew details about the virus.
An FIR was lodged at Tura Police Station.
When inquired from many of the wealthy businessmen in the city, they said that they do not know how to explain the working of the NDA government of Narendra Modi as it has only 10 years to rule the country.
Misleading advertisements should not be published in the media.
The screening will be held on 28th June, 2022 at the same office from 9 am to 4 pm.
Shillong, July 18: The Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum (MCPF) today visited Umphrew Village to distribute tins of household items to 100 households. Their homes have been destroyed by the cyclone which struck the village on the 14th of this month.
The Meitei can only live in the plains of Manipur and cannot live in the hills of Manipur.
The Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) has expressed its concern over the lack of teachers at a school in Gasupara, South Garo Hills (SGH) for three years. dropout of many children.
What is more serious is that the list and registration of UIDAI is not clean at all.
The Israeli Prime Minister said he was surprised at the change of mind of the US President because from the beginning he was the one who supported Israel to continue the war and to destroy the country. the actions of Hamas terrorists from Gaza.
In a meeting with the meat vendors, he suggested that they should use rotten plastic bags even if they are slightly cheaper and added that this may be a good example for the market dwellers so that bring cleanliness to the environment and surroundings.
“But after seeing that thousands of people had attended the meeting, he understood that his attendance was equal,” said the BJP member. Shillong, Jymmang 8: KSU President Daniel Khyriem is currently in District Jail in Shillong and is in custody. The KSU leaders today visited the KSU inside the jail.
They said that there was no ban on taxi stems to go to the villages and they also informed that the Mawlai Traffic Police have seized the license plates of a jyrngam vehicle in Mawlai while Mawlai. pat you are not faithful to sor.
The Government has authorized the appointment of the Additional Deputy Commissioner (Revenue) I/C Civil Sub-Division as the Administrator for the rehabilitation and resettlement of the affected people.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : Prepare to be excited for the concert of Calum Scott on the 20th October 2024 at the Lariti Auditorium, Mawkasiang (New Shillong).
In an age of expensive health care and increasing disease, what is the theology of the Church? In an age of poverty and deprivation, what is the theological mission of the Church? The Presbyterian Church in the country has a Theological School and a Hospital which are examples that introduce the Church to other countries in the world. earth.
? She immediately shook her body. “Em em, I'm just dreaming.
Out of the 1,326 cases in the state, 719 cases including 20 Armed Forces personnel and 699 civilians have been reported in East Khasi Hills. There are 3 cases in Ri Bhoi district, 163 cases including 2 Armed Forces and 161 civilians. There are 180 cases including 26 cases from Armed Forces and 154 cases from civilians, 6 cases from South West Garo Hills, 20 cases from South Garo Hills, 56 cases from East Garo Hills and 56 cases from North. There are 16 districts in Garo Hills.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that there is no outbreak of African Swine Fever in the state so far.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) on Saturday continued to do charity work by reaching out to Sahsniang village, West Jaintia Hills District.
In the final, he defeated Samehipaia Suting.
The NHM Meghalaya report said that the reason for the delay in getting tested and treated is the reason why many people have died in the country. on the road, to be treated at the hospital, or who have died on arrival at the hospital.
BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak on Tuesday urged the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to talk to the Central Government for the immediate release of scholarships. student.
Runners from all over India came to take part in the Ultra Trail race which was held in Arunachal Pradesh.
Prestone said the decision was taken after these companies expressed their reluctance to proceed with the project, although there are two other companies who have expressed their interest to continue the project.
The celebration was attended by the Medical Superintendent, Medical & Health Officers, Clinical Psychologists, DMHP, Psychiatric Nurse, DMHP and Ward Assistant from the District Mental & Health Program (DM&HP) along with the participants including the elderly. five and medicine guests.
The channel was opened by the Moderator of the Western Synod, Rev. IW Nongsiej.
Shillong: U Vice President of the Students' Union of NEHU, Esterson Sohtun, has been stabbed in the hand during the Holi celebration on Monday, among the students of the university. Many people, including foreigners who are not students of the university, were present and arrested the leader of the NEHUSU.
The Maharashtra government today announced that the curfew in the state will continue till 31st November 2020 and will be in force throughout the state.
He said that although the government has claimed that although the government has already launched the Ganol project, it has not been able to generate even one unit of electricity.
The program was held as part of the celebration of the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking,
The theme of the annual celebration was prepared by the KJP Youth Assembly.
Other speakers on the occasion were Bah T.Shangdiar, Minister of Photjaud War and Bah S.Sangriang from the DLSA office who conducted and delivered the welcome speech.
The State Government has taken action and even the Meghalaya High Court has taken its part to resolve the issue. and it will not be easy to prescribe medicine by non-doctors.
In the afternoon, there was a march from Iewrynghep Square to Weiking Square in which 23 participants took part.
The program was enriched by the songs of the Khmih Creative Society and the students of Nongstoin College.
A) TIME:-8 to 11 AM will be open for the residents of Kynshi Pyllun.
Shillong:: The question papers for the Meghalaya Teachers' Eligibility Test (MTET) have been stolen before the time of the examination and the question papers have been stolen through social media. .
Shillong: In the past four days, East Jaintia Hills Police have arrested 14 suspects in different parts of the district.
Nongstoiñ: Senior officials of Assam on Thursday, July 25, visited Langpih area and held a meeting at Langpih.
In the incident, a Mahindra Max (ML10A-1985) coming from Mairang to Shillong collided with a Hyundai Grand i10 coming from the opposite direction. the number is ML06 –
The distance from the source of the Um-i River to Umsati is about 14 to 15 kilometers.
When asked why they left the Congress, one of them said, “I joined the BJP after seeing the inability of the party office bearers to explain to the people about various schemes. The BJP Government has touched my heart.
The MLA of Mawhati has urged the residents of Umshiaw and Umtangling to cooperate with the contractors of the road. , so that it can be completed on time and for the benefit of the people in the area as a whole.
He started his political career as one of the supporters of the Congress party.
A complaint has been lodged at Nartiang Police Station.
I have changed my diet, I started when I was young,” said Khan.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the people are the electors of the leaders from each constituency and each constituency has between 30,000 and 50,000 voters who elect their leaders and if the leaders raise the issues of the people by speaking on the streets and alleys, the election of leaders also becomes useless because the leaders should speak to the concerns of the people inside the Legislative Assembly.
Therefore, politics or rulership is not something that happens by chance here on earth but it is something that God has already arranged from the beginning.
Bah Sawkmie as the leader promised that he will work hard to create the means to help them, at the same time to be with them at any time when they need his help.
“She said that the people should not be misled by the protesters who demand that the Government should abolish one illegal act and replace it with another.
When he was taken to the police station and after being questioned, he confessed that the Dkhars from Assam had arrested Bah Jop and he is now in Assam.
This has happened since 2019 but the court is still able to verify and complete all the evidence in November 2023 and that the pharmacy has been fined so that the shop can appoint staff who can take action and who will think about the welfare and death – the lives of the people who go to the pharmacy and depend on it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: “The Congress Government, which has been in power for the past decades, has not been able to curb the spread of counterfeit and corrupt money hidden in the country. For two years he has shown great deeds,” said the BJP Meghalaya.
German Havertz, who recently joined Arsenal, made his debut in the second half.
Refusing to criticize the position of other parties on the ILP, Prestone said the NPP has decided to follow up with the Government of India in the implementation of the ILP and also to introduce the Khasi and Garo languages. in the fifth article of the Constitution.
Students of Seiñ Kur Bahkhla are requested to submit their marksheets and ID proof of the elders of the Kur before 23rd June through the office bearers of the Seiñ Kur or send it to WhatsApp No:
At the time of writing, police said that Banshngaiñ is undergoing treatment at the hospital due to physical illness.
The two held a two-hour meeting at Raj Bhavan on Sunday last month.
This time it will not be so, but it is still stronger than other parties, including the Congress in Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, KSU Mawshynrut Samla A.Nonglait said that the KSU Mawshynrut will meet with the CS and will also visit the KSU Mawshynrut. They have sent a letter regarding these demands for the purpose of improving the shortcomings of the PHC Shallang.
Jeremiah 31:10-12; Isaiah 51:11.
This explanation is too much.
On the same morning, the Sein Raij Jowai also celebrated the death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah at Myngkoi Pyrdi, Iongpiah Jowai in the presence of the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP President Joe Marweiñ said that they have not opposed the signboard, but if the villagers lose their land, what good will it do them to live in an empty house? Without agriculture, there is no income, because many of the people who live in the border area live by agriculture.
A little about Kong Kmoin Wahlang, she is an elderly runner from Shillong and who is also among the oldest runners in India. competitions held regularly in Shillong.
However, they also play a major role in employing others by setting up their own businesses.
Commentators, however, doubt whether this would be the original Jewish thought.
North Garo Hills and West Garo Hills won one gold medal each.
The forum also urged all the residents to defend their faith and to oppose those who want to disrupt the peace and order in the society.
The competition was inaugurated by District Agriculture Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Ma D.Pyrbot in the presence of District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Khroobok Passah, AH & Veterinary Officer, Dr. .D.I.Kyam.
Pakistan has begun to experience many incidents and attacks by gangs in recent days and this is happening mostly in the areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and in Balochistan.
We no longer have the ability to ask and search for questions.
A day after the end of the polling day, sad news came out that Kunwar Sarvesh Singh, BJP leader and candidate of the party, has been arrested. Moradabad Lok Sabha constituency in Uttar Pradesh, passed away on Saturday.
In the final match, Mawblei FC beat Ritkhen FC 2-1 goals and the winner received a cash prize of T.30,0 .
They were angry over the decision to give tickets to NCP leader Saleng Sangma from Gambegre and former AITC leader Reynold M Sangma from Selsella.
The ceremony was held at the hall of the school in the presence of the Principal, teachers, students and leaders and members. Ladaplin Haiong, President Girls' Wing, War Jaintia Circle and others.
According to the signs, the man was shot and thrown into the vehicle.
The Umsning Constituency Peoples Forum (UMF) has nominated Bah Sunshine Makri for the Legislative Assembly elections. Together with their supporters, they left today to join the UDP with the hope that the UDP party will give ticket to Bah Sunshine Makri.
The Vice President of NEHUSU, said that he has no objection to the celebration of any special day of various religions by the students of the university, but to the people who but if they come with a kingdom, we will not suffer them, he said.
Urban Affairs is the nodal agency to implement the 240 houses allocated for the poor households in Nongpoh. , but so far it has been able to complete only about 50-60 houses.
In the areas under government land, we will install SPTs and if there are no SPTs, we will ask for the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs to provide land for the construction of STPs as directed by the NGT,” he said. state.
“It is true that there is a problem in trying to reach an agreement, but I hope we can explain to them why this is the best way. to move forward to resolve the border".
The High Court has taken the Sou Moto on the delay in the work of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare after receiving a complaint from four lawyers who filed a complaint with the Acting Chief Justice of the High Court, SR Sen. it is the day of God.
Risuk Siangshai (68) and Shiningstar Rymbai (79) scored the second goal for Pasyih CSC.
He said that the people of Mylliem constituency are wise and the same support they have given in the past years will give him the same support this time too.
SCA-A scored 101 runs by beating Tura by 93 runs to win the match.
The victim was identified as Eveningstar Khongthohrem (45) from Nongsohphan village near Mawlynnong.
According to reports, these villages fall under the survey area for the Power Grid.
He said that the speech of the Prime Minister on the freight railway should not mislead the people of the state, because if the railway line is accepted, that is the end.
“If he (Pala) doesn't understand about the land acquisition and lease agreement, tell him to come and meet me and I will explain it to him,” he said.
Speaking to media, Bah Willbert Rani, Chairman of the Meghalaya Chapter, said that they have urged the Lamphang to convene a special session to discuss and pass a law immediately. He said that the NEIPF has said that not only the Lamphang, but they will meet with all the government ministers to give their support to the ILP. and to send him to Delhi.
Together they helped to score 133 runs before continuing, and almost scored 200 runs together before their friendship was broken.
E.Bars.
Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong and will contest from 5 Sutnga Saipung as the Congress candidate for the MLA election 2023 to be held on 27th June at his meeting at Lumshnong today. First, he strongly criticized the NPP-led MDA government until these people known as High Level came out to smuggle illegal coal.
They also alleged that he had appointed the brother-in-law of Bah Ricky Shullai as a Peon before he was elected MDC of KHADC, the wife of his brother-in-law M Rabon as a junior Watch & Ward, and the wife of M Rabon. Gloria Hujon as Receptionist and Wansalan Shullai as Assistant Librarian.
“We have seen in the past years that these projects are very difficult to complete because of many rules.
However, listening to the speeches and explanations of the VPP leaders, it is enough.
Regarding Hotels and Restaurants, the Government has decided to set rules in restaurants and hotels to allow only 50% of the occupancy. you don't have to follow the protocol.
The ceremony was attended by the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Professor PS Shukla, teachers and students of NEHU Nongpoh, Jymmang. 22: Umdapdumu SC has become the winner of the two-day football tournament organized by KSU Umjong Unit, after beating Pahamsohbar in the final match which was held at Shakhoikuna Village Stadium on Saturday.
The tournament may be changed slightly for the Mawkyrwat Zone as Shillong Lajong FC is still in the final round of the Second Division League. It is organized by the All India Football Federation.
The High Court has dismissed all those candidates who have been appointed to the three examination centres, whether they have been fully appointed or temporarily appointed by politicians or those who have been appointed by politicians.
Replying to the allegation by many churches that he is a candidate nominated by someone else, he said that the allegation is baseless and is just a distraction for his preparation for the 2023 MLA election.
Modi received 5,16,593 votes while Kejriwal received 1,79,739 votes.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah KK Raswai, Executive Engineer, MePDCL, Mawkyrwat, said that the day was celebrated to showcase the achievements of the government since 2012-13 through various schemes. India for the provision of electricity to rural residents, to draw electricity from rivers and to ring electricity to poor or BPL families.
Other foreigners have no right to challenge or destroy our State.
In the regulated market, only three major agricultural products have been sold, namely Phan, Synsar and Sla Tyrpad.
Shillong: Sohryngkham SC won the U-14 Football Tournament 2020 by beating Langsning FC 1-0 in the first leg of the 2020 U-14 Football Tournament. on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
Even if we lose, we are happy to see that one of the parties in the coalition government has won, but on our part, we wish this MLA that he will continue to work hard in these elections. five years.
Samla Lambok Rymbai, General Secretary of the KSU, Ri Bhoi District, said that as soon as the KSU received information about the presence of these eight foreigners from Assam, they were planning to enter Meghalaya. The Nongpoh Police Station was immediately informed to arrest and prevent their attempt to enter Meghalaya.
We hope that you will support us in every way.
The foundation stones were laid today for the construction and improvement of roads worth more than T.11 crore including the road from Domtiehsaw to Pyndenïawma which is 0.520 km long, from the highway at Rangmaw which is worth more than T.11 crore. 1 km, the Nongshillong – Jakrem road 0 – 21 km falling in the area of ​​15 to 21 km and the construction of wells, fences and muri in these areas, the road from Mawsyntai to connect with km of highway and 0.85 km of road passing through Kremjaruh.
Shillong: U DM Thappa, Director of NEIGRHIMS Hospital, today said that the hospital is looking for ways and means to deliver medicines to the people living in the area. Drones are not used in these areas.
According to the information, the garbage dump has almost been completed.
According to the Bible, the descendants of Jacob or the children of Israel were slaves in Egypt, and were severely oppressed and enslaved (Exodus 1:11). History outside the Bible tells us that the construction of cities and other great buildings took place during the reign of Pharaoh Seti I and Ramases II. Thebes to Avaris and his son, Ramases II (1290-1224 BC) changed the name of Avaris to "House of Ramases" and it was during the reign of these Pharaohs that Egypt became witness the great buildings and the enslavement of the Hebrews and the inhabitants.
East Khasi Hills has 164 cases, West Garo Hills 50 and Ribhoi District has
“The successful implementation of the killing of these militants in the Machil Sector is a warning to those who intend to infiltrate and disrupt the peace and order in the LoC, He said that the police and security forces have stepped up their efforts to provide special security for the sake of peace and order and protect the citizens of the country.
Rocky Kylla, Vice President of RBWO was the chief guest and Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, President CoRP Central Body was the chief guest. Bah Rocky Marwein with members of Umsning Town Dorbar and the people who came to encourage the players.
?" asked Rida. Panah understood that this incident had begun to cause trouble that could endanger his life.
He said that the leaders of this party are really strong people who are willing to do things that other governments are not willing to do.
The literacy rate in Bihar is 79.7 per cent and the highest literacy rate in Bihar is among women per 1,0 There were 953 males and 953 females who could read and write.
However, there are places in Khasi-Jaintia where they have been living for up to 30 years.
Pork has been imported from Assam and other places because Khasi Jaintia alone has not been able to feed the people with pork.
Maggi is a food that is mostly eaten by children but since the discovery of the lack of ingredients that affect the health, it has been seen that children in other states, have eaten it. food as a sign of resistance.
The aim of the project is to provide quality cancer care in all aspects and to use emerging technologies.
Peter Sangma top scored for EJH in the first innings with 17 runs.
“This is a very fitting way to celebrate the country’s 75th Independence Day.
Tickets for the film will cost only 100 tyngka each. The cast of the film are Daniel Nongrum, Jester Nongbet, Aiti Sawkmie and Aiti Sawkmie. Lucy Diengdoh and some of the artists of this film will be present on the 17th. Please support us. This film should be witnessed with your own eyes because it is a very meaningful and beautiful film.
If we remind to compare between the present and past NGO leaders, there will be no one like Bah Bull N. Lyngdoh.
He said that one child was in critical condition and had to be rushed to Rambrai PHC, but due to lack of vehicles, the child died.
The body of Schaefer, 54, was found on the railroad tracks Saturday and he was pronounced dead, hanging himself.
As we have seen and known, the World Cup is one of the tournaments that has attracted the attention of thousands of people from all over the world. spah tam spirit as well.
The muktiar said that this rule is not pleasing to everyone.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Teibok Kharkongor, Secretary UDP Mawlai Circle, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Rangbah Shnong Shemphang Wahlang, Secretary Shnong P.Jyrwa who conducted the meeting. other other.
On the salary increase, he said that the salary increase is to look at the income of the state, because if the government increases only T.1, it will be a lot of money. monthly amount that the government will find difficult to pay.
So when you show your love and self-confidence in front of your children, they begin to lose respect for you.
Don't count on your victory in elections and office, it doesn't end with victory.
Charles said that the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma will contest from two constituencies, Songsak and Trikikilla.
The tournament, held in South Korea, started on July 4 and will end on July 7,
The PM-WANI rules provide for peace of mind in business and encourage shops in villages and small businesses to become Wi-Fi hotspots or Wi-Fi Hotspots (PDOs).
In fact, we are a small nation and we have only this land which we have inhabited since ancient times.
Nongpoh: A group of village leaders in Raid Tyrso, have expressed their deep concern over the presence of several people, who have gone to harass the road workers, who are constructing the road in Tyrso, which is also the village that will host the Synod Rangbah of Ri Bhoi Presbyterian on the 12th of March this year.
“It all depends on the principles because the Congress does not accept the principles of the BJP and the BJP will not accept the principles of the Congress,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar expressed his gratitude to be able to attend the inauguration of these schemes which the people of this area have been looking forward to. and paid tribute to the government employees and the people who have joined hands and encouraged him to continue to carry out many projects within the constituency and to complete the projects on time for the development of the growth in the district.
Mairang: The NPP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the people of the state should elect her who has a close relationship with the ruling party in Delhi to achieve the goals of the nation. .
The purpose of the Meghalaya Body Builders' Association (MBOA) is to hold this competition as part of the election of leaders to compete at the National Level. at the 42nd Yogasana Championship
“We want to know what those development projects are, the people want to know,” said Bah Shibun.
Nongpoh: The SPD Hood Cricket Tournament at Umran Niangbyrnai Stadium, started yesterday and the opening match of the tournament was between Rongmesek and Lumningrim.
The festival started on Saturday and is held for three days every year and the state government has given a holiday to all schools and offices on this day.
At that time, they started to discuss about it, but before they could arrange and take the final decision, the Covid-19 pandemic came and the work ended without any understanding. good until now mynne.
He said he will hold a meeting on the themes of 'One Earth', 'One Family' and 'One Future', where the topics to be discussed will include strengthening development for the benefit of all together.
In the same way, perhaps it is in the wisdom and understanding of his son, Babu Primrose Gatphoh who introduced the word “Jhia” (which is the PNAR language) in his prose story about Tungrymbai. of the ksew in the story of "Iew Luri Lura"
Speaking to media, NPP Nongpoh Block President Bah Plielad Tiewsoh said that the NPP Nongpoh Block is deeply saddened by the loss of families in the village. Mawlong, who is the candidate from Nongpoh Constituency, has promised to send tins of sopiing to these families so that they can repair their homes.
don't be afraid! We have always tried to do it in the evening when it is cold so that it will not affect the movement of people but now we cannot show that we have the power to do it in the morning.
Shillong: The Sub Divisional Magistrate of Amlarem Sub Division, Abhilash Baranwal IAS, on Friday announced that the curfew has been lifted on Upper Bakur and Bakur Market.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, IAS, urged everyone not to pollute the wells.
Shillong: There have been 109 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today.
This village is located near the Malidor River in the Narpuh Forest.
We will discuss with the MLAs and the party and take a good decision on how to proceed”.
However, while the father and mother were talking to the man, he rushed into the house and brought a gun, in which he shot all those who stood in front of the house. He and all three of them were injured and fell asleep.
It has been going on for decades especially in this state which has a law prohibiting the sale of land between indigenous people and foreigners.
The government has now set a target to open 775 more.
We would also like to point out that every person and every group has its own way of working even though the goal is the same.
The Chief Minister also awarded the Overall Champions award to Manipur, the second award to Assam and the third award to Arunachal Pradesh.
This is according to the Social Progress Index (SPI) for States and Districts prepared by the Institute for Competitiveness and Social Progress Imperative submitted to the Economic Advisory Council-Prime Minister and released today.
He said that this registration will be for all the residents of Khasi and Jaintia Hills and this will be the last time that the FSSAI will allow them to register their names. to be licensed.
In Phlongingkhaw, Waheh Shnong Humphry Mukhim said that up to 10 families have received assistance from the Ummulong Beat House Police.
When Sohpetbeng, the golden bridge, was cut down, and man grew up to stand tall on his feet, man stood tall and waited for God, like Sohpetbeng, who had always been considered sacred to the point of death. They stand firm to witness the birth of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum and the Hynniaw Wasa.
These three persons include Regina Nongkynrih (MCA) from Azara Campus; Valerie Dondor Nongkynrih (MSC psychological counseling) from Tapesia campus and Russel Pariat (MBA) from Kharguli campus.
NEIG also looks forward to the support of the public by sending their children during the trials.
“They have started collecting the machinery and workers and we hope that in the next 10 months or so they will be able to start the work from Umshyrpi to 7 Mer and above.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Director of Health Services, members of the Village Health Council from across the state, ASHAs and others were present on the occasion.
"“We request the Police not to interfere with the two programs which will be held from the 13th of Nailar, as it is the anniversary of the death of Bah Thangkiew and the 15th of Nailar is the death anniversary of Bah Thangkiew. celebrate Independence Day,” he said.
“If not, why are the issues of the jaidbynriew especially on the border and the harassment of the residents by foreign authorities that they don't share a word with the Congress MLAs of the state?” He said that the action of the Prime Minister of India is to eradicate corruption and in fact, it is the state government led by the Congress government. They should give their full support to this, in order to free the state from corruption, but these leaders in the ruling party come forward that all this has affected their corruption and it is necessary. The people should understand why these Congress MLAs come forward while on other issues that affect the country and the nation they don't come forward.
“How can you buy the vote which is the right of the people to vote alone,” he said.
During the discussion, the meeting was informed about the problems that the villages have faced in the past and the neglect of almost all the Government departments, but the main problems are the availability of good roads. There are also villages which have not yet reached the road, as well as health, said the sordar who has been in office since 1990 which is 26 years until now but the development works are very low.
Finally, in order to bring peace and stability in the country, I urge the BJP Party that after the upcoming Elections 2019 and after the formation of the new government, it should be brought back to Parliament. the CAB for the purpose of making it flesh and blood.
These include the Ayushman Utkrishtata Award 2023 for excellence in health care (from April 2022 to November 2023) and the Ayushman Utkrishtata Award 2023 for excellence in service delivery. women and men (That is from April 2022 to November 2023).
Besides, the Congress leader also alleged that the NPP-led government has taken the help of the BJP to protect itself from corruption.
The BJP Media Department said that they had met with the party leaders to discuss the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state and other issues. the state and the work of the party.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Saturday announced that Ukraine is ready to fight Russia so that it can recapture those parts of its territory that have been occupied and has been employed in Russia for the past few years.
Speaking on the occasion, Phasmon praised the hard work of the Dkhar Kur, Wapung Circle for its hard work in organizing this program which encourages the children of the Dkhar Kur to preserve the name and honor of the Kur Pateng. the inheritance.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has strongly opposed the haste of land owners and brokers to sell land. Hundreds of acres of land in Umsen, which belongs to the BSF, has been destroyed for the construction of the barracks. This land is located on the border with Assam.
In the play Macbeth, written by William Shakespeare, Macbeth, at the instigation of his wife, kills King Duncan.
Minister Lakmen Rymbui has taken responsibility for not knowing anything about the actions of the police, so he has handed over the Home Police to the Chief Minister. .
Many people do not pray or have time to pray, to ask, to plead, or to inform the living God.
All the MLAs including the HSPDP will also be present to discuss this issue,” said MPF spokesperson Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Now, many brews have become reluctant to preach or tell election stories except for a few leading party leaders who live and earn a living from their public work or politics.
Even as it is now, there has been a restriction on the purchase and sale of cows.
Referring to the news of the ILP, it is worth mentioning that in Manipur today, all the political parties from Manipur under the leadership of the Chief Minister Okram Ibobi Singh, met with the Minister of Home Affairs. Rajnath Singh to express the urgent need for the approval of the President to enact the ILP in the state.
At the time of writing, no details have been received as to where he was arrested.
I have already seen how much they give physical and emotional support to the club and to the players, and I am filled with great joy to be one of this team.
CM Conrad Sangma has reviewed the situation along with the Chief Secretary, DGP and other government officials.
In 2010, she was promoted to Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP).
New Delhi, Nail 19: Former FIFA chief executive Arsène Wenger will soon visit India in the second half of March. The AIFF has decided to open a central academy in India under the auspices of the All India Football Federation (AIFF), according to a statement issued by the president of the federation, Kalyan Chaubey.
On the other hand, the KSU has found that the foreign traders have not sent goods to Bangladesh and on the roads no trucks have been seen to stop to go to Bangladesh.
According to him, he cannot say anything on the political situation but he will take a decision by November after meeting with the supporters.
It is clear that the UDP leaders are thinking only of the current seat and putting the people behind them.
In the women's category, Antim Panghal (53kg) won the silver medal while Anshu Malik (57kg), Sonam Malik (62kg), Manisha (65kg) and Reetika (72kg) won the silver medal. other girls of the country who have won the Rnong medal.
It does not want to eradicate poverty.
Four people have died from the disease, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1526 with 210 new cases reported on Monday.
The 40th Anniversary Celebration was held at Salaroh, Jowai with Brightstar Chyrmang MDC North Jowai Constituency as the chief guest.
This policy will help the CBC to register agencies and groups in OTT and Video on Demand services.
For this reason, our country is still falling every second and the tyllai is slowly falling on our nation.
When inspecting the area, it was witnessed that this pum pum has affected the health of the residents where they have to breathe pum pum and what is more affected even at this time. They don't have a place to sell their clothes, because if they sell their clothes, they will be covered with pum pum and will not be able to collect revenue from the government.
The Moses Group is a new group that wants to live and rule independently and this Group does not accept the system of rule of one central authority and one nation to rule supreme.
Shillong: U former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) u Bah Pynshngaiñ on Tuesday announced that he has resigned from the People's Democratic Front (PDF) on the eve of Christmas. He said that the reason for his departure from the PDF is because the PDF no longer recognizes him as a leader and no longer needs his services as a leader. you are a leader.
The chief guest was Bah T.lyngwa DC of SWKHD in the presence of DSEO S.Kharsahnoh and A.Dkhar Functional Manager DCIC , teachers and students of various schools Staising Khartbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools, Southwest Khasi Hills District, was also present at the ceremony.
However, it is up to the people to form a government.
Along with other rural states of the North Eastern Region of India, there is no doubt that the people who have protected and maintained the border of India in the region will experience the benefits of the distribution. exchange of their own customs and traditions with those of other peoples of India.
On the 1st June 2021, the day of the curfew in the state, there were 262 cases of corona virus in the state.
Also present at the handover ceremony were Bah Shining Shadap, General Secretary of RBYF Raid Nongtung Circle, teachers and students of the school.
The KSU demands that the MDA government should implement the Roster System from the moment it was introduced and not turn back which is a gain for one ethnic group and a great loss for another. Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, Khasi Students' Union (KSU) said in a statement.
On the other hand, KSU members from East Khasi Hills have left for Jowai to support the people and KSU members who are waiting at Ïalong Civil Hospital. The body of an Assam policeman has been admitted to the Civil Hospital in Jowai.
We will continue to talk and try our best to resolve this issue,” he said.
There are others who work for someone else to destroy.
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for July 5,
Speaking to media, BJP National General Secretary Tarun Chugh said the Congress party has put Meghalaya behind by failing to speak out on the issues of the people and this campaign has nothing to do with it. but only a source of insult to the people of the state.
In another match, Leon Goretzka scored for Germany to draw 2-0 with Hungary on Saturday night. .
However, as it is now, our income is run by foreigners and because they run it, the wealth of the state does not increase because we receive only revenue from them while all the benefits come. "It's all right," said Mr. Michael.
The MSOA has decided to hold the 4th Shillong 10k Run on 24th July 2023 for men and women over 18 years and over 50 years.
Bah Kyrsoi praised the 21-year-old Aldrin Ramsiej who is still in his career even though he has not yet played for the biggest clubs in the state.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police (SP) City, Vivek Syiem, police have received two complaints, one at Pasteur Beat House on the 26th of June. ,2023 that a 13 year old girl from Golfinks Khliehshnong and a 15 year old girl from Pynthorbah went missing.
So he got ready to go looking.
Syrian media reported that the ISIS killing in Syria is known as Tadmur in Arabic.
Clubs are urged to verify themselves before checking the players and if found bringing fake certificates, they will be fined and suspended immediately.
Ukrainian military officials rushed to the scene to see the damage by helicopter and although they agreed with the incident, they did not. no damage was reported, no matter how much it happened to military forces.
During the meeting, the SP also expressed his condolences to those affected and said that the meeting is ongoing to take the necessary action.
Banteidor's remarks came after reports that some MLAs from the PDF including Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling, Mylliem MLA Jason S Mawlong, Umsning MLA and Gavin Miquel Mylliem, have been arrested. Sohra MLAs who intend to contest from other parties in the upcoming elections.
In a democratic country, once we become small paid, we will lose our power and other large paid nations will rule over us.
This power or spiritual strength helps you.
And these days we don't see any cleanliness in our villages and especially here in Shillong.
Nine Congress blocks including Pynursla, Mairang, Mawthadraishan, Mawkyrwat, Mawshynrut, Umroi and Nartiang have been abolished and re-appointed by the supervisors.
Although the state team lost in the final after being beaten 3-2 by Karnataka, it is a pride for the Meghalaya team as a whole for the ability of the players to play well to reach the final. final of the tournament in the country.
In Meghalaya, up to 2.5 lakh farmers have benefited from money worth up to Rs 6000 per annum, which has been sent to their bank accounts.
We know that the last days are difficult – For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boasters, proud, unthankful, unholy. , without love of goodness, without forgiveness, without forgiveness, slanderers, unrighteous, thieves, without love of goodness, betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God.—2 Timothy 3:1-5
(There were 15 conditions signed in the MOU which will be published in detail the next day).
“Agriculture will be important to protect the environment,” said James and added, “We must increase the production of agricultural products by protecting and caring for the environment”.
The Mufti also said that the PDF will work with any party that wants to bring about an understanding on the issues in Jammu and Kashmir.
Many bridges have been flooded, such as the bridge at Damalgre Mellim Boldamgre which has been flooded but construction has started now.
He said the cost of the air conditioning system is more than Rs 32 lakh.
From the other side of the bridge to the market, it is only about 10 kilometers but from the bridge to the junction with the National Highway, it is only about 400 meters but the road is very bad.
Shelmikstun Nongphud, 5 feet 4 inches tall, was wearing a white T-Shirt, half jacket and blue pants. and he was wearing slippers.
Two NPP MLAs, Ferlin CA Sangma from Selsella and Benedic R Marak from Ramsakgre have defected to the BJP while Estamur Mominin from Phulbari has joined the TMC after the party left the party. it will cost them a ticket.
He said they have to prove because MUDA has admitted that they have received the land by paying the money to the owners of the land.
The Blue Bomber's won the title after beating KMC FC 2-1 from Sonapur on Tuesday at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
On this occasion, the Dolloi, Waheh Chnongs, Secretary Chnongs, Members of the Executive Dorbar and experts responsible for the Myntdu River will convene a Special Dorbar on the 17th of this month. June, 2024.
“I would like to thank the Manipur State Film Development Society (MFSDS) for encouraging me and this festival which has been organized for a long time to celebrate the Golden Jubilee of Manipuri Cinema (1972- 2022).
She also paid tribute to the founders of APSTA, which has been a source of protection and hope for many Primary Teachers.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Youth Hostel Association of India (YHAI) Meghalaya has congratulated its Chairman, Bah ED Nongsiang on his election as the National Vice President of the YHAI.
Regarding the land, he said they have proposed to the government two land, the first is the government land owned by the Forest Department which is against the FCI. “It is enough to provide accommodation for the staff, parking space and others,” said Bah Embhah, adding that if the government does not buy this land, Mawlai has another land. He said that the land is located between the land within the boundary of Mawlai Block, Nongthymmai and Pynthor. said they would announce later.
The number of such children enrolled in J&K in the 2020-21 school year was 22,736, of which 13,190 were males and 9,546 were females.
“From time to time there have been cases of harassment or attacks on the people of the state as it is to be recalled that in 1971-72 there was also the displacement of the people of the state to Barato Mukroh village only from the They protested against joining Meghalaya at the time of statehood and followed the flight in 2003 to Sahkwe Sahsniang.
“Space technology is also the basis of our PM Gatishakti National Master Plan.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Lyngwa said that this day is celebrated all over the world and in this regard, India has also laid down laws and regulations in this regard. and the protection of consumer rights by establishing Consumer Forums across the districts to facilitate consumers to express their views on dissatisfaction and inadequacy in relation to various services.
Sister Philistine was the second of nine sisters.
“Government jobs are very difficult to get these days and as responsible youth we have to find ways and means to stand on our own feet,” he added.
Furthermore, in this regard, the department has said that it will continue to hand over more school buildings in the future.
He said that he had received information that one of the children had asked for money from her friends that she needed to travel outside Shillong. He also denied the allegation against the BSF troops that it is because of their lack of attention to the case. He also said that the mothers of these children did not reported when they were missing from home, but delayed notifying the authorities.
The purpose of this Youth Dorbar is to allow the youth to participate in a dorbar-like meeting to discuss and exchange views on many issues.
Those who violate this order shall be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code,
He has held many positions within the Church, including the position of Secretary of the Church in 1990 at a time when the Church was in dire need of improvement in the needs of the Church.
Praising the state's status in agriculture and other related sectors, the Minister said that cooperatives can play an important role in the development of this sector.
She said that when she goes to give birth, she doesn't charge or take money but it is up to the invitees to donate as much as they like.
(Philippians 2).
I want to explain that this is just a superstition because I too have taken it but I don't and I will go to every village to talk about this issue,” he said.
" In Acts 2:22, we are reminded that the miracles were performed by Jesus the Son of Man, a sanctified man.
Adokgre village is located in Kharkutta Constituency and is also the village where (L) Purno Agitok Sangma used to start his election campaign while he was alive.
He also directed that those who illegally install iong and siren should remove them immediately, but if they do not follow the orders, strict action will be taken against them according to the rules of law.
Therefore, we are now discussing to include in this Act only the Ancestral Property or Spah Nongtymmen which is inherited from the parents and not the Nongtymmen which belongs to the Kur.
However, in the end, he said, their dream has ended only in half because no one has been able to support or open the way for them.
Nongpoh: The elders of the Khasi community, who live in different villages in Karbi Anglong, Assam, on Saturday, held a meeting at Umlapher in Karbi Anglong and Through this meeting, they formed a group, known as the United Khasi People Organization (UKPO), to look after the welfare of the Khasi living in Karbi Anglong.
The Lyng Khat Stadium is one of the most famous stadiums in the Riwar Mihngi, where major sporting events are held almost every year.
At the same time, the WJHSA wishes the MLA that God will be with him and that he will have a healthy body. “So that he can continue to work for the development of the constituency and the state as a whole,” said the statement.
The department also handed over a check of T.28,91,216 to the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) for the team's failure to reach the final for the first time in the Santosh Tournament. Trophy this year.
According to the Shnong and the Seng Longkmie, the reason why they came out to install the transformer in the village, is because the MeECL department has not installed the transformer at all and most of the Longkmie Longkmie They expressed their concern that any tragic incident may occur.
However, the presence of government schools in the village will help them to send their children to school because they don't have to spend any money to send their children to government schools unlike private schools or other places. This also helps to reduce the part-time school attendance of children.
After the Government has sought the opinion of the Association of School Teachers, a proposal and suggestion has been sent to the Government through the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL), Shillong that the old Service Rule should be amended. Non-government teachers are allowed to participate in the public service as usual but do not make minor modifications if they win the election as MLA or MP. They should resign because they have received their salaries as MLAs or MPs instead of retaining their posts because once they have won, they have received their salaries from it. task.
There are complaints that the electricity bills are stuck in tea shops and never reach the homes of the residents.
Such incidents remind us of the efforts of the Modi Government in 2021, to implement the Svamitva Act in 6846 villages in Khasi Hills. Thousands of foreigners will be brought by the Survey of India, to stay in all these villages for at least 5 years, in order to do the drone mapping with the Continuous Operating Reference System (CORS).
“These are the reasons why the UDP has gone to invite the people of Sohiong Constituency to vote for our candidate,” he said.
Ma Khroo L Pariat appealed to other leaders such as women and men in other parts of the state to call for such a dorbar in memory of the Matti of the heroes of the country like Tirot Singh Syiem. , PA Togan Sangma not only on their day but on the days and months of the year.
Remember the words from the book of Aesop that says “unity is strength” What else are you waiting for? Remember this is an issue of the nation, so stand together to smite and kill the leader who gave himself up, who was willing to die for the sake of our children and inheritance.
Furthermore, part of the team's ability to win the tournament is due to its ability to win against Germany and Australia.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Shillong Sports Association Under-20 4th Division Football League 2023 match was played at the 3rd Ground, MFA Turf, Polo on Saturday. ) against Lummawbah SC, the match came to an end where Lamlynti won the title.
Expressing his condolences on the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy and other leaders of the country including Arun Jaitley and Sushmita Swaraj, Sanbor said, “Arun Jaitley and Sushmita Swaraj have gone to the kingdom of God. but Chidambaram served in the kingdom of the devil in Tihar prison.
Shillong, June 14: The order of the Union Government led by the BJP and other parties in the NDA platform to hold Digital India Day on Good Friday is wrong and disrespectful. John Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs of Khasi Jaintia Hills, said in a statement.
He also urged the officers not to be merely spectators in the past five years, but to speak the truth on the issues that affect the farmers and those that benefit when the government implements schemes for the farmers. farmers.
Members were expelled, because they said what they thought was right.
“This makes it possible for us to share in the divine life led by the Holy Spirit and not by the flesh.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.30,000, while the runner-up will receive T.20,000 and trophies.
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Member of JHADC Ma Obil Kyndait, former MLA of Rymbai, Khliehriat Constituency, has passed away this morning.
Fish: Fish is a food that many people use as a medicine.
As you know Nepal is a Hindu country and this treaty allows Nepalis to become full Indian citizens without restrictions, they can enter India freely as they wish, they can own land, they can get government jobs and so on.
In the early 1990s, the most popular newspapers were Rupang and Nongsain Hima, but with the hard work, Bah Marwein; Mawphor has increased in management and not only that, it has purchased more machines and has increased the number of newspapers Mawphor, which has started to increase to 6 pages. newspaper in color in our state and after that, it will increase to 8 pages and so on.
The office bearers were confirmed by the President of the party, Bah Ardent Miller.
Regarding the mining of coal, the hearing decided to close down all coal mines and no more coal mining will be allowed until another order is issued and the decision will come into force. from today, and also the three months deadline for the sale of imported coal will come into force from today.
The people have also dispersed because of the inability to unite the political parties.
“This incident shows clearly that the MDA Government is against the people and is ready to go to the extent of taking advantage of the residents of the area by serving the interests of the rich.
When asked, Bah Dhar said the report of the Regional Committee has not yet been sent to the Government.
The police, who were waiting at the jail, read the letter and so, the next morning, they immediately went to the place to dig the garden, in the hope of finding The money and gold, which were hidden, however, were not found.
As part of the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan grant, the Government has announced the distribution of food items and cash to the poor and farmers of the country.
The JMB has issued a notice to inform the public that it will stop collecting all garbage from Jowai including the markets from tomorrow 20th October 2021 until further notice.
The HYC Leader said that the DC has already sent letters to all the organizers of fishing competitions in the district, requesting them to follow the 7 rules laid down by the HYC. District Administration to hold fishing competitions.
At the same time, to protect themselves from the problems of the capitalists (Hartmut Elsenhasn, Saving Capitalism from the Capitalists).
The ZIIEI, run by the Sri Aurobindo Society, annually selects teachers from across the country for their contribution to schools to improve schools and education free of charge.
There will be awards such as Player of the Day who will receive prizes in each game, Player of the Tournament who will receive a Bicycle and others.
“This purchase of electricity is to supplement and ensure that the power outage in the state will not be prolonged and as the government is not sitting idle, but is working hard to ensure that it will continue as it is. now".
Maharashtra today was placed under Presidential rule with the approval of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Government of India and signed by the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind.
In the past 34 hours, 4,590,000 liters of water has been pumped till Sunday evening.
In a statement, it said that the MDC has not asked a single word to the leaders and supporters of the party, but has disappeared as if he has been taken away by the devil since the night of 19th July It was not until the evening of 22nd July 2017 after the opening of the KHADC dorbar that he appeared to speak to the media and announced that he had decided to join and support. The PDF, which is against the decision of the party, which has already withdrawn its support from the group.
“I believe that today, by being here in the spirit of doing something for the party, we believe that we will be able to strengthen the party in which I will work for everyone. a member of the party to promote them," he added.
Shillong: A BSF camp at Pyrdiwah has been destroyed this evening, according to sources.
The statement also vowed that the party will not allow any uranium mining in the area and the party is ready to face any challenges. “I am ready to fight,” said a statement from Nongrem.
“What surprises the people is that the State Bank of India has only one ATM machine while two ATMs are not working at all. “It is necessary for them to provide these machines as soon as possible for the convenience of the people of the area,” said Samla Marwein.
This shop is located in Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
In the Khasi language, the dignitaries are the Kynrem Lyndan, who is like that Diplomat, in the Khasi language, we can say the Kynrem Lyndan.
Speaking on the hope of winning from South Tura, the UDP leader said that it may surprise many to contest from South Tura but the party hopes to win because the ethnic parties should rule the state. .
The incident happened at 11 pm last night, when the two youths, who were returning from Khanapara with the intention of going home. (Baridua), but when they reached a more remote place, the dumper truck carrying Rong to clean the road, turned around and hit the youths who were riding the bike, until until they were seriously injured and died when they arrived at hospitals in Guwahati.
“Ka Seng also wants to know the authority of who appointed Tony Dey as Adviser to these two District Councils.
Every Khasi wants a dignified life.
He said that the people in this constituency are living only on agriculture and wage labour, so if he reaches his goal he will introduce the farming methods according to the present era so that the farmers They will benefit and that they will be able to produce more food and drink in this Constituency.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on November 6, 2013, laid the foundation stone for the creation of the Mawshynrut Division and the Shallang Sub Division of the PWD Road Department.
On the other hand, the woman demanded that the Government should take action against the incident and suspend those involved in the murder.
Earlier, on 16th November 2015, Tennydard Marak had appealed to the Supreme Court against the rejection of the Supreme Court's appeal against Mukul Sangma's Scheduled Tribe status.
At the same time, Bah Jayand Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong of Pahammawlein, has clarified on the allegation, saying that there is no such allegation by the Sengbhalang. Sengbhalang leaders in Ri Bhoi, who met with the officials of the Toll Plaza, include Ferdynald Kharkamni from NHAI. KSU, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew of RBYF, Bah Lui Lyngdoh and Bah Lumlang Mawnai of FKJGP. The Rangbah Shnong of Pahammawlein said that if these 25 persons are re-appointed, it means that any Sengbhalang group will be able to collect donations from the Toll Plaza.
For the reorganization of all Assembly and Lok Sabha constituencies, it was done according to the population figures of the 2001 Census.
We continue to celebrate and celebrate – we don't know what will happen to the nation in the future.
Staising Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools, was the chief guest and in his speech, he said that the aim of Jan Bhagidari is to encourage the citizens to cooperate with the government to implement the issues. its work for progress in all aspects.
On the other hand, the Committee today directed the police that if there is any complaint of domestic violence, they should take immediate action to prevent such incidents.
Conclusion: It is a very difficult time to live these days if we cannot judge and if we don't have that self control, so I urge them to judge as carefully as you judge the shiah when you eat fish.
The district council will have to respond and also send a complaint to the groups involved in the case.
He also urged the DCs to look for suitable and safe places to build houses so that the people can take shelter during the floods in the northern parts of Garo Hills.
Furthermore, it was reported at the meeting that Ampareen said that she is a minister who comes to Mawlai every two days to buy meat.
Lailad, Naitung 29: The residents of Raid Sohkhwai which consists of six villages have alleged that the water wells in the area have started to collapse and they said that this has happened only a few years later. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has come to take over the forest.
Malki have replaced many players in the squad while Langsning have replaced only one player by sending off Surjay Kumar Pariyar and Frolicson Dkhar.
Not only that, there will also be special prizes for the oldest and youngest runners in the men's and women's category.
These traditional teachings are expected to become flesh and blood and shine in the lives of each and every believer of the Christian Church as a whole.
At a meeting of party workers in Jharkhand, Nishikant Dubey said, “Look, I'll tell you, whoever the BJP is fighting for, if he's stupid, he's stupid. thief, murderer, we must always support without hesitation.
He said that during the recruitment in Lum Garo, Garo youth were allowed to compete by running in the first round for all and in the second round only for Garo youth. .
The search was conducted by the family members of the deceased.
He said that complaints have also been received that the master rolls have been appointed at the will of politicians without following the rules.
As the eldest child, Mary also helped to work with her parents in the cultivation of shyrti, otdieng, thang rnga and in her spare time she spent her time fishing.
Today, Sohmynting will play against Ladthadlaboh at 3 pm and this match will decide the top team.
During the license inspection of KHADC in Ichamati , the journalists found that these Khasi who sell goods in Hat Ichamati are sitting in remote areas of the square , while the shops in front of the shops are occupied by When asked about these women who sell fish in a shop, the foreigners said that they cannot set up shops in better places like the foreigners.
That is why they have introduced the Eastern Frontier Regulation.
The officer in charge said that a case has been registered against the suspect and no arrest has been made as the medical report is insufficient and an investigation has been launched.
According to a statement from Anand Mishra, IPS, SP of South Garo Hills, this is the camp where the GNLA is training its newly recruited members.
Gokhale also questioned why the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma is afraid to discuss, when it has nothing to hide, but to discuss issues that do not agree with the work of the government. .
The school was opened today to commemorate the World Literacy Day which is being celebrated around the world on the 8th of July.
Mexican authorities also seized about 18 pounds of cocaine packed in plastic cheese bags.
The Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary is the second largest wildlife sanctuary in the state.
Kynjatshai, the Presiding Officer of Weilyngkut Polling Station, said that there was a breakdown of the Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail at 7 pm and another machine was brought in at 7 pm. 8.30 pm and the counting went smoothly.
“While we are waiting for the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule, we don't want to leave it alone but to continue to promote our languages ​​through various measures,” said the Minister. Chief.
The woman discovered this after she went to the polling station at Lawjynriew, Nongthymmai to find that her vote had been cast by other people.
Our children should receive a good education in well-run schools, not those that have been hired by teachers who were appointed because they “recommended" politicians.
These six boxers including five males and only one boxer will represent Ri Bhoi for the Meghalaya Game Boxing Tournament to be held in Shillong.
We seek knowledge all over the world, we don't know the light of the country, these are the words of Myllung Soso Tham.
Shillong: Out of the 123 new cases, 76 cases have been confirmed from East Khasi Hills and these include 8 health workers, 15 high risk contacts, 2 policemen, 6 cases from Barapathar, Ka. Mawlai Iewrynghep has 11 cases and Nongthymmai has 11 cases.
We will try to bring them back to Meghalaya,” he said.
The HYC wants to say that we don't have the right to mislead the people and at the same time the Ministers or MLAs don't have the right to force what is wrong.
Jose Giminez scored the winning goal for Uruguay in the 89th minute.
We haven’t talked about the children and relatives who depend on the income from this late-night food sale and others.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that foreigners who come to work or contract in the state must obtain permission from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). He said that after the implementation of the Work Permit by the State Government, the KHADC can no longer issue Labor License to foreigners who come to work in the state. The new Executive Committee of KHADC will implement the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills (Trading by Non-Tribal) Act where foreigners who come to work or work in the state will have to get This will be one of the obstacles for foreigners to come and work in the state.
The SP said that police have investigated with the Bharat Petroleum Transport Office and found that the vehicle did not carry diesel from the factory and did not have any records. inside their office and this has upset the Police.
However, now prayers and intercessions through prayers for the poor may be prohibited and punished by this law.
The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People has also visited Nongwah Mawtamur village on the grounds that Assam has acknowledged that Nongwah Mawtamur and other neighboring villages have fallen under Assam. The residents are willing to stay in Meghalaya and they also have land plots which have been registered since 1967 within the Hima Sohiong.
The route for the dancers will be from Wah Nangbah Road and from Iongpiah, Top Pale and so on.
The heavy rainfall has caused the price of jhur to rise, as the farmers have received less, said the jhur vendors.
Mawkynrew constituency received T.3,04,50,000 crore; Langkyrdem-Laitkroh has received T.3,00,50,000 crore, Shella has received T.3,00,50,000 crore, Mylliem has received T.2,87,93,330 crore, Sohra has received T.2.94 crore. 65,210 crore.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pynïaid reminded that as an MLA, the party leaders also clarified the allegations and unfounded statements of other political parties against the NPP. He said that Mawryngkneng constituency still needs a lot of development whether it is in the villages or in the households.
Later, they traveled by car until they reached Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
The Cherry Blossom stage showcased the famous costumes, while the design of the DOME turned into a night of dancing, encompassing the spectacle of the festival.
This means that if the UDP and HSPDP do not agree in the circles, they can contest in the MDC elections, but if they agree, they can support each other.
Japan's gross domestic product fell by 7.6 percent in the three months from June to July, while China's grew by 3.2 percent.
Dozens of young men and women from the Societies came forward today to take part in this tree planting programme.
“We have directed the Labor Commissioner to find ways and means within six months how to protect the rights of employees who earn from working as domestic workers, hourly workers and others. “During the discussion, we also learned that those who work in these jobs do not get leave even if they are poor and have children,” she said. They have the right to leave once a day and others are the rules they have agreed with their employers, said Ampareen.
This is according to information received from the District Administration of East Khasi Hills.
Prof. Nayak said it is a pride that the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has selected NEHI Shillong to host the ASEAN Musical Festival which will also be part of the meeting of the leaders. The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) to discuss how to further strengthen relations between India, especially the North East and ASEAN countries. Young people from ASEAN countries to study at NEHU and to exchange information on the traditional knowledge of their countries,” said Prof. Nayak.
The former MLA said that since he was elected as the spokesperson of the BJP along with other former MLAs who joined the party, he has often raised the issues of the people through the media. name of the party.
Have the MLA and Ministers of the MDA government just done this, or have they taken part in making this road as it is?
Nongpoh: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) on Tuesday said that the doctors at the Nongpoh Civil Hospital have failed to take proper care of a 20-year-old youth from Umkra village in Ri Bhutan. Bhoi, who sustained injuries in the shooting, was admitted to the hospital.
“Now different pictures of Modi have been shown,” Shibun said.
“There are a total of T.3.62 lakh crore, 2,000 books that are in the market these days and after the announcement, they come back to T.1.8 lakh crore and come back about halfway,” he said. He said that 85 percent of the depositors came from the bank and the rest came by exchange.
Among the women who won the award this year were Spanish athlete Alexia Putellas; which has now received the prize.
However, it was learned that some people and party leaders may accompany the President on his hunger strike in front of the highest executive committee of the Meghalaya government.
During the visit to the Khasi village in Gollackpur, it was a happy moment for the Khasi families in this village to see that there are paradoh parasnam who come to visit this place which does not happen again. There is no one who has come since his ancestors settled in the Hima Tripura between the years 1940-1
At the same time, he condemned the statement of the Minister of Education that the demand to review the Reservation Policy could lead to a court challenge if more than 50% of the vote is cast. He said that the Judicial/Court is wise and allows the Legislative (State Government) to look after and ensure the distribution of jobs according to the conditions of the land and the people living there. They live in the State in order to bring about the welfare and peace and stability in the State without partiality and impartiality in the Khadar administration.
They have lost hope to turn to the Congress and now the party does not have a single MLA in the Legislative Assembly after 12 MLAs have defected to the Trinamool Congress and Five others have been temporarily expelled after supporting the BJP-led NPP government. The President of the party, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh Mawphlang, has said that there is no difference of opinion within the party and that the three MLAs will continue to contest on the PDF ticket in
Another rule that does not affect the entire state, whether urban or rural, is that the poor cannot be given phones to any household or to the people who have phones. or those who have a mobile phone, because their mobile phone shows that they are rich.
He said that if the government is willing to set a compulsory subject, it should set English as an elective subject and make MIL a compulsory subject. Khasi,” said Dr Lamare.
Shillong: U John Kharshiing, General Secretary of the MPCC, today issued a short statement saying that the AICC should go to the branches. “It is through this process that the party will get the winning candidates,” said Bah John Kharshiing.
It is learned that the people first broke the doors of the shop and then threw petrol bombs at the shop.
He said that regarding the Deputy Commissioner's statement that the Government's speech will be on the issue of vehicle fares, the JAC has clarified that the demand of the JAC should be to revise the fare. petrol and diesel, not to increase the fare.
Regarding the receipt of the award, Rupang spoke to Bah Eleazer Lyngdoh, one of the recipients of the award from Mumbai who accompanied the President of the Seng Trailang Association. Mr. P.Khongjawer.
At the same time, the union has handed over to the DC a copy of the letter written to the Member Secretary Meghalaya State Pollution Board regarding the union's opposition to the application of Star Cement Ltd to expand the mining in Brichyrnot.
The incident was immediately reported to the police in the evening of the same day and today the police together with the rescue teams have started searching for the body of the victim. 9.15 pm, where they recovered the body until 3.45 pm.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow 12.03.2020 at 1.00 pm at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
Today, U KTS Tulsi together with four fellow MPs of the Rajya Sabha, visited the village, to see the facts on the situation in the village which has received the called Model Village.
The people of Meghalaya will be able to express their knowledge, power, authority, rights, to express the kind of people they will elect to be leaders, wealth managers, you have, the state has.
In the past few days, Rupang has spoken to the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adilbert Nongrum, on this issue. “If the law demanded by the Sengbhalang is not satisfactory for the sake of the people, it will stand firm on the basis of demanding ILP,” said Bah Nongrum. In a meeting with reporters, KHNAM demanded a full ILP and not a new one.
When the wind blew, the others asked, "Who is this?" They answered, "The prophet from Nazareth of Galilee" Matthew 21:9-1
The Congress should have given ticket to Longkmie if it wants to keep its promise to promote women.
At present, the Congress from Umroi, is still in talks with the people who have the hope of winning, when he came out as a candidate from Umroi, because Umroi is a constituency that used to win. respect the candidates who stand for the Congress.
Students who have scored 75% or above in the SSLC or Matric examination, 70% in the HSSLC and 60% in the Degree examination should submit their documents to the Education Secretary KSU Laskein.
People were seen being allowed to hold on to the equipment of these trains, including silver and other tar items, when one train, went to hit another.
JHTOA leaders and truck owners marched to Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills to block the passage of trucks heading to Lower Assam.
What a person thinks can also be wrong.
Adelbert said the CEM has promised KHNAM that within the second month of July he will meet with lawyers and political parties to take a decision and the reasons why it is necessary to The CEM said that the decision will stand even if there are those who go to other roads and not be defeated.
If the department, which claims to protect the rights of children, can summon the media just because there is a case where the names or photographs of those children involved in crimes or murders appear, why can't it? To investigate and summon those who sell these types of food or beverages to children.
When asked about the Dispensary in the House, Dr Don said it is a shame that the government has defamed the name of the Prime Minister to implement the Dispensary. the dispensary is not available.
Moses took the rod of God and went to Egypt to perform great deeds before Pharaoh.
“Kpa Wanbok, my advice to you in order to protect yourself from evil is to walk carefully and take care of yourself...” said Lok. “Of course, Kpa Wanbok, don't be afraid to walk or stand because we don't know, the enemies know how to spy on you.
Final Results of the  6 th Meghalaya State Shooting Championships 2021 10M Air Rifle Men (NR) Dennyson Kyrsian Banrilang Bleine Wanpliborlang Nongsiej 10M Air Rifle Women (NR) Anjali Singh S.Rebecca Suparna Sinha 50M Rifnnyson Prone Kylang Mensi NR Indi Mawdaker Marwein 50M Rifle Prone Women Individual (NR) Anjali Singh 10M Mixed Team Air Rifle Anjali Singh/Banrilang Bleine S.Rebecca/WaNpliborlang Nongseij.
While those who are least likely to play chess are from the street houses, the houses of the saipan.
It is worth mentioning that the party has now started to spread across the constituencies and there have been many constituencies where it has gone to recruit members, this time the party has entered Mairang constituency.
“Any disruption during this academic session will affect not only the completion of the syllabus on time, but the smooth running of the examinations involving the students. – the foundation on which the university was founded in the first place," he said.
Speech was also delivered by Kong L Tiewsoh, who blessed and encouraged the children.
He turned to the King and said, “Isn't the line you have drawn short?” Our fear as a nation is that we may be lost or overwhelmed by the longer line of another line. other nations – the mynder and the khyllah jaid.
Government authorities have commissioned five temporary shelters for the refugees in Sivasagar district, where 1,219 people have been accommodated and four houses have been commissioned for the distribution of relief goods. in the two districts.
There is also a Law Kyntang which we call the Law Suidnoh. The forest has been flooded with water. Others are local species. the stars and the stars are covered with blue in a beautiful and precious form.
The V shape of the vehicles in some places has caused many accidents where drivers have not been able to take sudden turns and reach the limit to stop on the side of the road.
Besides the drugs, police have seized two mobile phones, a motorcycle (ML 05 R 5271), a PAN Card and an EPIC. Police on Tuesday morning raided the residence of Eldikinstar Sohtun in Mawpat.
India has launched the Prem Rathan Dhan, produced by Sooraj Barjatya, which has grossed Rs 40.35 crore.
He gave the example of West Garo Hills which has the largest number of rural areas but has reached 100% injection while some areas in East Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills have been injected.
The protest will be led by the Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) under the leadership of Angela Ryngad.
“We have not been able to recover the body because the Magistrate who should have been present could not be present today due to his busy schedule,” he said.
The RBYF Ambulance was launched at Umsning CHC. Those present on the occasion included Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong, MLA Umsning Constituency, Kong RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Dr. M Mawrie, DMHO, Raja Brahma, BDO Umsning C&RD Block, Bipul Thangkhiew, President RBYF, Sengkmie, D. Warjri, President RBYF Umsning Circle and other leading office bearers of the RBYF. Those who spoke on the occasion, expressed their gratitude to the RBYF, for taking the initiative to provide these Ambulances, with the aim of providing assistance to those people who need Ambulances. to serve the people in need.
At the same time, the State Government, through an order dated 13th July 2020, has issued an order vide Notification No.TPT.91/80/749, dated 13th January 2020, that the fare of an auto rickshaw should be T.14 for a 10 kilometer journey and then T.6 for continuing the journey, after 10 kilometers or T.20 for a 10 kilometer journey. auto rickshaw, on a journey of two kilometers.
Meanwhile, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Union (KSU) has expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the good deeds of Kong Reliance Pyrngap who has been awarded the National Florence Nightingale Award.
The accused were taken to the Civil Hospital for examination and confirmation by doctors.
The HFU under the leadership of its Secretary Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, on Tuesday together with the farmers, met with the District Horticulture Officer of West Khasi Hills, to explain these issues and to request for emergency assistance.
He said the presence of shopkeepers in the evening has helped the tourists who come from Sohra, Dawki and other places as they get food before going to sleep in the hotels.
On the other hand, the BDO promised to complete the task within 15 days.
After the discovery of the body, police said that the man has been missing and has not returned home for more than 10 months. A complaint was lodged on the 12th of July this year regarding the disappearance of him, but it was not until today that the body was found from the scene.
Prof Laloo said the government has already sought the opinions of the people on this and has already collected their opinions and now all that remains is to announce the implementation of this long standing policy.
Akash Pal and Prapti Sen of the Railways Sports Promotion Board won the mixed doubles final 3-1 against Haryana's Soumyajit Ghosh and Suhana Saini.
Boys HS School, Ebormi Pohplet North Liberty HS School and Wandame Talang Govt.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders also visited the post office at Mairang in Eastern West Khasi Hills to close down the post office on the day declared as a public holiday.
On this occasion, Bah Zandy Myrthong Secretary of the Joint Action Committee, said that the JAC agrees with the FKJGP's deadline to the management of the company to provide all the requirements. the time limit, so as not to disrupt the work and that the Company should complete the road as soon as possible.
On the other hand, the President of the Association, Johnson Pohrmen, said that the office bearers have been forced to resign so that the employees can receive their salaries of T.35 crore to be released in a few days.
The MPF has written that the NGT's ban on coal mining in the state since June this year has affected the income and trade of the people of the state. dew iong shows the lack of attention of the government which the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has been in charge of the mining department for the past two years.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 17: A fishing competition at Pamphyrnai Pond in West Khasi Hills, has brought sad news, in which due to a traffic jam and failure to reach the hospital in time, one A poor mother had to give birth to her child inside the car and after a while the child died.
In 1999, the mining and transportation of coal began to flourish in the Shallang area.
He appealed to the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai to attend the Dorbar Bah in order, saying that their participation will unite the people.
Not only that, they are also ready to help promote this industry as Health Tourism.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has honored six athletes from East Jaintia Hills District who won medals in the North East Games 2024 which was held in Nagaland this month. October (March) 2024.
He also encouraged the public to report to the law enforcement authorities without fear of any crime.
He added that the demand for relocation is due to some incidents that have occurred in this area and also regarding the health and cleanliness of this area.
There were 57 youths who came to participate of which 12 were selected for Grade I through syrnod and most of them received their syrnod.
New Delhi: Defense Minister Rajnath Singh has tested positive for covid-19 (COVID-19) today.
The MLA speaks only on the issues that should be spoken, it is foolish to speak like that.
Although Lei-Muluk felt bigger and greater than Lei-Longspah, and wanted to defeat her, Lei-Longspah lifted her hands and feet on her throne and supported him. man and promises to satisfy the desire of his soul, with worldly riches.
In a statement, the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, admitted that the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma last month sent a message to the party to support the Congress party in this election. to come if she wants to carry on talking to the union.
They said that party defection is a crime that cannot be eliminated unless there are strong laws to punish those who defect from one party to another.
He said that out of the T.133 crore, T.123 crore has been approved and the remaining T.10 crore has been rejected. They cannot be transferred to those constituencies where new MDCs have been elected.
The words are clear but they have to be heard like food.
The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioners of West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbi Anglong District, Members of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council and Village Leaders from the two districts. districts of Meghalaya and Assam.
Currently, the sources of income of the ADCs are from Forest Royalty, Trade, Park Royalty, Vehicle Tax, Professional Tax, Land, Market, Administration. of justice, a little bit of Printing and Stationery, a little bit of Grant for Development and Civil Works from the Government of India, a little bit of Toll, and a little bit of Grant in Aid for Land Protection that shyiap.
Speaking to reporters, Pyniaid said that Pynshngain has done this only because he wants to show the people that the EC is weak because he wants to become CEM. “The chairman's action is to show the people that the EC is weak because he wants the CEM seat,” said Pyniaid.
Besides the Rangbah Shnongs, the leaders of the 88 VECs of C&RD Block Laskien, other speakers at the meeting were Bah C Lyngdoh, Dolloi Elaka Raliang, who gave a welcome speech.
“Let us bring our new ideas for the good of the people.
Although the Israelites sinned and lost their land and the holy place, Jerusalem, God has given it back to them now since 1948 AD. gather together the outcasts of Israel" Psalm 147:2
They said that he was removed without any reason under the leadership of Singh.
He said that regarding the approval of the road by the former Syiem, the Hima will consider what can and should be done on this.
“Six precious lives have been lost due to the leilieh, even on the bridge, it has caused the earthquake,” said the FKJGP.
Without a doubt, the market vendors and residents of Salonsar have the skills and knowledge to organize, clean, beautify and manage the city of Shillong.
These tools and agricultural products not only showcase to the world the cultural richness of Meghalaya but are also part of the income generation of about 30,000 families involved in the project. claim.
He said the film was shot across Khasi and Jaintia Hills and some parts of Manipur.
The Congress government in Arunachal Pradesh has collapsed after 19 of its MLAs fled to form the party, they said. Nongpoh, Jymmang 22: The RBYF, HNYF Northern Region and FKJGP have decided to shut down the Toll Gate Plaza. The NHAI, which is located at Pahammawlein 20Mer, today suspended, after the leaders of these Lai Seng, went to talk to the District Administration of Ri Bhoi.
According to this order, it is prohibited to hold any procession or rally, any slogans inside the polling stations until the counting of votes is completed and the results are announced. .
Nongpoh: A 17-year-old youth from Assam has died after drowning in a Pung Dohkha at 8mer village in Khanapara area of ​​Ri Bhoi district.
There are many other organizations in other countries, which have consistently claimed that the NRC should exclude Bengali Muslims in Assam in order to make them Muslims who do not have the right to vote. state.
Mookyndur beat West Madan Mustem 3-1 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai. Jomsing Pariat scored two goals in the 18th and 78th minutes and Promi Suting in the 46th minute.
The UPF is against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
Mawlai will lose Chalieu for the next match, but the team has retained the top spot in Group-A with nine goals.
Shillong: About 90 people have been sent for testing for the corona virus, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said.
Regarding the Lay Bye Market in Ialong, the Dorbar Shnong has urged the vendors to be clean and self-conscious and to follow the COVID-19 rules.
Das lives in Chaigaon in Kamrup district.
As a nation that has suffered the most terrible hardships and persecutions when they have been treated like slaves until death.
When all these activities have been completed, it is expected that on the 6th of June 2022, which is the day of the rise, it will be a smooth and successful event.
The UDP, which has six MDCs, has the quota for four EMs and has to appoint two of its MDCs. There is a strong struggle between the UDP MDCs for the EM seat. The UDP wants to appoint Bah Teinwell Dkhar as EM. as Deputy CEM, Rona Khymdeit, Don Sumer and Hadrian Lyngdoh; They also agreed that MLAs, who are MDCs, should not want to become EMs at all, while these days, it was reported that Bah Brol Nongsiej, wants to become an Executive Member. Shillong, October 8: The KHNAM and HSPDP have not yet decided whether to accept or not to accept Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate, for the election from the KHADC. MP election to the Lok Sabha.
On the other hand, the SE promised to take action to look into and resolve this issue.
Speaking to reporters, Ferdynald Kevin Kharkamni, President of KSU NKHD, said that during the meeting with Kong RM Kurbah, the KSU NKHD has expressed its opposition and immediate suspension. In a meeting with the KSU leaders, Kong RM Kurbah, promised to take action by saying that she will talk to the higher authorities of the state government.
The State Government on Friday after the hearing has given time to the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to submit its reply by 10th June on the proposal to transfer the 342 Two households from Metor and Mawlong areas have been allocated land to the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
As there were nearly more than 500 participants registered, an active participation was witnessed with a sporting spirit.
Shillong: The Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh (Border) in Jaintia Hills District, have given their full support to the protest of Bah Ardent M. Basaiawmoit, for the demand for the amendment or renewal of the Border Act. Reservation Policy (State Job Reservation Policy).
On the other hand, the High Court said that in relation to these cases on coal, there have been many arguments and one of them is that since the end of the timber trade, the mining of marpoh The land has allowed the indigenous people in Meghalaya to earn a living.
However, the Chief Minister did not remember to congratulate the HSPDP candidate Bah Diosstarnes Jyndiang but only to the supporters of the Congress party.
To carry tyngshops with the intention of insulting members of other political parties or their leaders, to burn such tyngshops in public places or in such other manner, shall not be used by any political party or candidates.
As a group, we have already done a lot of work and there are still many things to be done.
All Wholesalers/FPS dealers as well as beneficiaries are urged to comply with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, namely to keep a distance of 7 feet or 2 meters. masks, not to wear masks in public places, to use hand sanitizers and others.
Hyderabad lost four wickets for the loss of four wickets after 71/1 and needed 127 runs to reach the target.
Therefore, the HFU hopes and demands that 2021 should be the Year of the Farmers.
Pastor Basaiawmoit, the first Director of the Thomas Jones School of Mission and Evangelism, recalled the contribution of Thomas Jones by teaching people to burn with coal, the teaching of mystery.
He said that teachers in the state who earn only T.6000, T.8000 and T.10,000 per month come to school with a smile on their faces.
On the other hand, Bah Thabah urged the Society to take action to talk to the Company to provide for their needs especially food and drink.
Meanwhile, in the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy, Raghav Kapur scored a century by tied for 115 runs, while Meghalaya scored 325 runs and were all out. on the third day against Poducherry in Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by Kong Babiangthew Warjri, who explained the David Scott Trial and said that The David Scott Trial was built by the British or the British Government earlier when they came from Sylhet which is now Bangladesh into the Khasi Hills. Tirot Singh was one of the heroes of the country who came forward to fight and fight against the British. to liberate our country from the hands of these foreign powers in the past.
Down down mda government shut down prestone tyngson conrad sangma there is no blood in front of you but your fellow teachers you are trying to dismiss our teachers.
Daniel 9:24 / Daniel 7:11-14 / Luke 1:31 – 33.
Lumïawmusiang Shangpung SC has won 1, drawn 1 and lost 2 out of 400 matches.
After the carol march, the villagers also opened the celebration of the 30th anniversary of the village youth organization by raising the flag and launching the Almanac. Kitborlang Nongrem, State President of the NPYF as the chief guest, and at the beginning of the 30th Anniversary of the Seng Samla Mawkyrwat, the Seng Samla Mawkyrwat also held a cake cutting ceremony. and Gospel Musical Evenings for the children and youth of Mawkyrwat.
Shillong: U MDC of Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the Central Government has ignored the decision of the State Government on the Inner Line Permit Resolution in the Legislative Assembly. the state on November 19
John 4:29-42.
Recently, there have been reports that some NPP leaders want to nominate former TMC MLA from Umroi, Bah George B Lyngdoh as a candidate.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit has expressed its deep sorrow and condolences over the incident which shocked the residents of Wapung Higher Secondary School. The body of the schoolgirl was found at Ar-Kilo, Dkhiah East District.
It is to be recalled that these two strong leaders of the KSU were raped by the Meghalaya Police on 23rd July 2000 at Nongshiliang, Shillong while they were meeting with friends at a party. Balajied Dkhar alias Hepkhoit, a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), was present at the ceremony.
Those houses, which occupy these eight persons, will continue to fall under the closure.
Farmers need to remember that all plants that are only from seed cannot be made without seed; so if we destroy the seed we destroy the plant that can be made of it.
BJP MDC Bhupendra Hajong in an FIR lodged at Tura Police Station said that GHADC CEM Dipul Marak had sent him to sign a copy of the letter and used a forged document to show it. “I have already withdrawn my support for the NPP EC led by Dipul Marak, but when I was with him (Dipul Marak) he “I have learned that Chairman Denang T Sangma has used forged documents to show that I support the NPP EC,” said Bhupendra Hajong.
“We need the cooperation of religious groups, village leaders, media, government departments like education, rural development and media not only the health department,” he said. NHM Mission Director Ram Kumar speaking at a press conference on the Intensified Mission Indranush
Shillong, November 17: U Justine Dkhar, MLA of Khliehriat, on Tuesday said that he will not attend the BJP meeting attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday. Speaking on the occasion, Justine said, “It is a political party meeting, we have not resigned and we cannot join the BJP”.
We also have the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation Act and we also have to follow this Act and we cannot issue Trading License to foreign traders only from the KHADC without getting the NoC from the village. , Raid, and Hima.
He said the BJP may persuade some leaders to join the BJP or the National People's Party (NPP).
Alcohol consumption can be a cause of excessive sweating and high blood pressure. Excessive drinking can increase blood pressure and lead to dysfunction of this organ.
It is worth mentioning that the Seng Khasi Mylliem has demanded that until the Seng Khasi Mylliem has been provided with a place of cremation, it will continue to burn people at the place of cremation. Pond in the Prison Garden.
On the other hand, the initiative of the Shillong Traffic Police and the East Khasi Hills District Police from time to time to train the public to recognize the Zebra Crossing will help a lot as it will also reduce the number of people. the speeding of vehicles and will not cause any accident to the passengers.
On this occasion, Ma Winning also donated VO Nongryngkoh with a chair and a donation of money.
If the company is allowed to import coal from abroad, it will allow the illegal mining and smuggling of coal to Bangladesh.
He said that in the first demarcation, Meghalaya lost about 14,000 to 16,000 square kilometers of land.
Every day we phone him and he asks where the program is,” said Bah Mawsor.
Other speakers at the meeting to form the Zonal Committee at Mawphlang on 4th November included Bah Hamlet Dohling and Bah Judah Wahlang who are the PDF candidates from Mylliem and Sohiong Constituencies.
Shillong: The KSU on Tuesday met with the SP of Hailakandi regarding the abduction of a young Khasi child. The SP replied that this complaint is the one we have lodged and the police are still looking for the kidnapper.
Speaking at the meeting, Ms Ampareen congratulated the Dorbar Shnong for being able to honor the students every year.
“As the Leader of the RBYF, I urge the members of the RBYF and other youths, that if they find any wrongdoing by the Rangbah and the village leaders, they should not be quick to investigate. but if they are really those young people who have that responsibility, they should discuss or arrange within themselves. “It's a village where they live,” said Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
Our human life is too short and we have to be in the middle to think also for the welfare of other neighbours.
At the same time, gifts were also distributed to the leaders of the Mawlieh Village Organization and also to the Dorbar Shnong, in order to commemorate the celebration of the Environment Day in the village.
The meeting discussed and discussed the MDC elections to be held next year.
TIME SCHEDULING : Daily scheduling is the best way for children to sleep at the right time each day.
The destruction of the school has caused problems to the residents of the area as they have had to send their children to school about 10 km away from their village.
British Finance Minister Jeremy Hunt on Tuesday announced that Britain is ready to send another $500 million to Ukraine, increasing the total amount that the country has received. Ukraine has received $1 billion from Britain this year.
What is a Christian home? The Christian home refers only to those people who have come to know Jesus Christ no matter what home they live in.
Hebrews 10:3
Shillong, November 1: All government offices, magistrates' offices and schools will be closed on November 11, 2017 in East Khasi Hills for the Shad Nongkrem.
Roning's brother, who was the driver of the truck, witnessed the incident.
“It is the government itself that is running the sale and purchase of coal,” he said.
After receiving the support of these organizations, the GSMC under the leadership of its Co Chairman Balkarin Ch Marak has decided to hold a large public meeting at Teteng A'ja Square in Tura to strengthen the the struggle for Garo State.
The members of the Committee include Dr. Dakyntuhimi Lyngdoh, Asst Professor as Chairman, Luckystar Ymbon, Advocate as Member Secretary.
Media reports said that there has been a misunderstanding within the ruling party in KHADC especially after the departure of 12 MDCs to the PDF. lost their MDCs.
Match box Twenty lead singer Rob Lowe said the band will release a new album and is also preparing to start a tour.
The Minister also agreed that the government will continue to improve the stadium and in his speech the Minister hoped that the work will start soon after the project report is being prepared.
Due to the heavy rainfall during the night, the river has been able to swell until it has been able to collapse these two bridges.
It is a great loss to lose a talented child especially in 'Kid's Tarari'
“The availability of these houses has helped me a lot because it is easier for me to pay a reasonable rent these days if I stay in the houses of people who are low income like me,” she said.
“However, I have been able to achieve the age relaxation after a five-day protest at Malki Square which is for the benefit of our State as a whole and not just the Constituency.
The three arrested were identified as Md Rafik Sheikh, Badus Sheikh and Bisan Mondal from Sahebganj, Jharkhand.
As the Leader of the Constituency since 2018 until now, he has already provided assistance to 27,000 voters in the Constituency including non-supporters.
Mawkyrwat, June 27 : Kyntiew-La-Ki-Jong Football Club beat Mawkyrwat Sports Club 2-1 in the IV Invitation Football Tournament Sohkhyllam Sports Club at Sohpian Square, Sohkhyllam, South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, Sniawbhalang said that in the MP election, the coalition government candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh was defeated because the people were afraid of Narendra Modi and This has led to the Congress candidate, Bah Vincent H Pala, to win so much that he doesn't know where he got the votes.
Experts say that every 10 million plastic bottles and 10 million plastic bags worldwide are sold and bought every 10 minutes.
This is once again the return of the Juk of the Tree that the khla comes every night without being able to destroy it.
Russia has so far said it has no intention of invading Ukraine.
On the other hand, the Head of RBI Shillong explained to the participants on various security measures and what they should do and what they should not do in relation to the security of digital banking. , the possibility of customer fraud in financial transactions, complaints in bank operations and digital transactions, such as UPI, BHIM, USSD, and others.
He said that in order to curb the spread of drugs in the state, the police department has set up a Supervisory Committee headed by the SP (CID) to monitor the cases. drugs to expedite the chargesheet of the traffickers as most of them get bail due to the delay in filing the chargesheet.
The losers were Badol Iawlur and Jopthiaw Kharluni, while the runners-up were Tista Khongsdir and Biju Khongjee.
When we see that the farmers in Shillong, are protesting for the abolition of the kilo cut, we too as the Sying farmers in Ri Bhoi, we want to express to the public about this insult to the Sying farmers. “We have been overcharged through the kilo cut of Sying which we go to sell in the market,” said the Sying farmer.
Elizer Suiam scored 5′, 14′ and Chillang Langstang 13′.
Shillong, July 24: Ka Kong Siyoda Kharmudai from Mawmuthoh village who allocated land to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in 2009 for the construction of a Sub Center in Mawmuthoh village has moved in with her. The Center has not received its contractual rights and also the non-implementation of the health centre.
She said that she received the appointment letter as Assistant Math Teacher at Mawlai Presbyterian HS School, signed by the Principal of the school, although the job was not available at the school.
It is worth mentioning that these items stolen from the Secretariat are not expensive items, but what is obvious is the value of the Secretariat which has been covered by security guards. from the outside in without proper justifications.
Where will it be to forget and leave you Kha people?
After the filing of nomination papers, journalists spoke to two candidates, Rangphlang Khongwet, independent candidate from Sohra and Pynthymmaibor Chyne, Congress candidate from Shella Constituency.
However, they said that they cannot do anything on their part, while the government or the election authorities cannot dismiss the teachers from the elections.
The written test for the posts of Trainee Engineers (C), Trainee Engineer (E/M), Trainee Personnel Officer and Trainee Accounts Officer will be held on July
In order to fulfill our duty to God, to our office, to our family and to our neighbors, we need to set aside time or in other words, make time. .
It is to be recalled that the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi and the office of the Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi have organized this friendly football tournament as part of the spirit of cooperation. Therefore, the community needs to work together to prevent the spread of drugs and other evil deeds.
Replying, U G Kishan Reddy, Minister in charge of the North East, said that the Dorbar Shnongs have done a good job in building the income of the State. involved in environmental protection, such as protection of sanctuaries, deforestation, protection of water sources, prohibition of wildlife shooting and it was reported that the government Meghalaya has implemented the Community Reserves under Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, which deals with the conservation of wildlife.
Above all, we the people must take responsibility.
Where shall I flee if the mariang is not?
Other teams that played on the day were Jashiar SC who lost 3-2 to Dirang FC by tie breaker, Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School who won 4-2 3 goals in the tie breaker against Selajong FC and Pyndenumsaw FC beat Jakrem SC 4-3 in the tie breaker.
The new office bearers of the HYC-RMC include President Lamphang Khonglam, General Secretary Donlang Khongkrom, Organizing Secretary Shlan Buhtep, Public Secretary Shlan Buhtep, Public Secretary Emu Khongsdir, Vice President Pishon Buhtep and Samla Dimorlang Khonglam, Assistant Secretary Bikrom Khongjee and others.
With the aim of recruiting more youth into the BSF, leaflets on the recruitment process for the posts of Constable, Assistant Sub-Inspector, and Sub-Inspector & Assistant Commandant were distributed among the students. to explain about this.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the opening of the road will open the door for other development projects especially in improving the income of the people of the area and the state as a whole. other.
They have an end and change.
Puramon Kynjiñ of Jowai District, to the volunteers who help us in various places and areas.
However, on 26th November, more than 200 Assam policemen attacked the Mizoram police station,” Zoramthanga said in an interview with India Today.
After hearing the explanation from these health workers and ASHAs, who expressed the problems and shortcomings in these health centres, the Chief Minister of Mawhati, promised to assist in the Nongpoh: In collaboration with the leaders of different villages in Mawlasnai and Mawhati area, as well as the health workers from Mawlasnai and Mawhati PHCs, on Saturday, Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, held two meetings at these two PHCs, in order to discuss and develop measures to fight against you have COVID-1
However, only three candidates have won, two from the UDP including Council Executive Member Paul Lyngdoh and Pius Marwein from Ranikor.
Who wrote... Sd.
It is the first company to set up an International BPO in Shillong for the past two years.
The RBYF Byrnihat Circle, requests the people of the area and district to give their full support to this young man, because through the support of the people, it will also enable this young man to bring victory, which will be “It is a source of pride not only for the Byrnihat area, but also for the district,” said Bah Vigyan Kharkongor.
The death of this man has once again shown the lack of relationship between the people and these border guards.
Three persons were injured when a blast broke out at a grocery store on Keating Road, Shillong at about 1 pm on Sunday.
The Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah Ioster Sun, was also present at the closing ceremony.
On the other hand, Bah Kimfa demanded that the government should take immediate action to ensure that the Assam police release these people and stop searching for others.
The supporters from Wapungskur, said that they cannot accept the statement of Bah Justine Dkhar and said that they have not yet taken any decision and they cannot explain which party they will vote for. support.
New Balakhawa is a place in Meghalaya where there is also evidence produced by the Court.
He said that this government is now fighting as hard as it can to bring services closer to the residents.
KSU Mawprem Unit General Secretary Samla Pynshngaiñ Lyngdoh immediately informed the village authorities and later handed him over to the Lumdiemgjri Police Station.
Speaking on the occasion, Kyrtong said that the people should wake up and turn to the VPP, which has visionary leaders for the country and the nation.
Dr Rimiki Lamare from the AH & Veterinary Officer Mawthadraishan Block said that the youth should take up farming as one of the ways to start their own businesses in the rural areas.
He urged the public to take advantage of this by inviting others who need assistance to come to the Urban Health & Wellness Centre. Doctors, nurses and staff are welcoming to those who come to take medicines.
Police have conducted a search for fingerprints and searched for the suspects.
He said that the freshly harvested rice has been exported to Assam since previous years and most of the farmers have suffered losses due to the price hike by the rich traders. face of the state.
He said that both of them are not friends but they share the same responsibility not to allow evil.
On receiving information about the incident, the owner of the shop immediately informed the police and the police immediately sent a fire truck. the flame of the fire.
“The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has wanted to speed up the implementation of Digital India where all the citizens will be aware of all the schemes and development works of the government. They have received assistance and they have not reached them,” said Bah Shibun.
Therefore, we have made a rule and approved it today,” he said.
Human knowledge has brought things closer and especially brothers and sisters from one country to another.
Shah said he had held meetings with the state Cabinet and women's groups.
Meghalaya also started the game without a foundation, losing six wickets in just 49 runs.
“Even if the Supreme Court allows coal to be mined again, it will be exhausted within six years,” said Ma Madon. The council has a special area called the Myrkeiñ Protected Forest.
The Shnong Panaliar Jowai as part of the fight against and break the chain of spread of COVID-19 in the village has prepared to spray disinfectant in parts of the village especially on the roads through MCH, Jowai.
Expressing that there is no longer any disagreement between the two leaders, Ardent said that their responsibility to the nation can be witnessed by supporting each other in the debate in the Ing Dorbar-Thaw. -state law.
Supporting the view of other Congress MLAs that Dr Mukul Sangma should contest the MP election, Pala said, “I support the statement of other party leaders to contest Dr Mukul Sangma because that you have the chance to win because the NPP is strong because you are in government”.
There is no foundation that is strong, But the sea is strong.
The Seng would like to congratulate all its members who came to take part in this event and to the youth members of VDP Amlarem who came to take part with us on this day.
However, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the MPWs have not been appointed by the state government and are employees of the scheme supported or funded by the state government. central government ending every 11 months.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Unidentified robbers have stolen a donation box from EAC Campus, Gurudwara, Upper Shillong on the night of the 5th of this month.
Dorbar Khasi, you have been established for a long time;
" said HepKumta and they both drank.
Shillong, November 13 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday announced that the Mawbynna Monolith Festival will be held on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd of June next year.
In his keynote address, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, expressed his gratitude to the Forum in collaboration with the Marngar Eco Tourism Development Society, for being able to celebrate this day with the desire to promote tourism. The tourism industry in this village and in other places in Ri Bhoi.
They also urged Bah Metbah that as the leader of the UDP party, he should persuade the State Government to force the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagatha Roy, to talk to Delhi to implement the project. while the Central Government has not yet been able to enact the ILP in the state.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Metbah Lyngdoh Speaker of the Legislative Assembly as the Chief Guest, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar Minister of PHE as the Chief Guest, MLAs of Ri Bhoi District including U.S. CoRP leaders from Doris Sulein, one of the founders of the CoRP, Bandari Ryntathiang, President of the CoRP; Leaders of various political parties and other Rangbah and Leader from Ri Bhoi District.
As soon as they arrived, they got Kali and Linda left safely.
This comes after Umden SC beat Umden SC in the tie-breaker on Tuesday at the Umden Football Ground.
The Rotary Club Jowai in a sign of gratitude to Rtn.
Blessed is the man whose quiver is full of them: they shall not be ashamed when they speak with their enemies in the gate.
On this occasion, Bah Chiborlang Wahlang, a prominent leader of the area, was the chief guest and praised the STEDS for its efforts. Such competitions were held so that the talented young women could showcase themselves through this beauty pageant.
In this meeting with the relatives of the deceased, the Minister expressed his condolences and assured that the government will provide assistance and assistance. support for them.
“We encourage them to play chess and avoid them but they should not touch the places like Riangdo, Mawshynrut, Kyrshai and Arodonga.
On the other hand, the rural people of the State, especially in West Khasi Hills, expect that the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme of the government, will help them in this regard and to be able to follow the rules and regulations. that the government plans for a clean environment in the villages.
Heavy rains are expected in Assam and Meghalaya due to the wind from the Bay of Bengal.
The problem is that the drivers or buyers are not aware of this and are misled that the market is closed or something else.
“We have tried to ensure that there is no damage to the Holy Law.
It is understood that the detailed attack plans will be prepared in the coming days and then submitted to the Israeli government for approval.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Three police ministers in the older government may be removed from office by the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma for standing against the leadership of the government. government in the State.
Why do we sell at auction to other states of India and Bangladesh?, Maybe if the government can help our people who can start their own businesses who can set up tile factories , marble, plates, water tanks, other factories to produce the necessary materials may be of great benefit to the nation.
On the other hand, the VPP candidate, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, will file his nomination papers on the 26th of this month at 11 am, before a meeting at the party office in Laitkor.
I am afraid that I may be reviled and reproached by them.
And they all went up again, and rejoiced.
Most of the vehicles were parked at his own house and others at the police station.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jemino as the chief guest expressed his gratitude to the TVWPS group for organizing this festival and also to the founders of the group with the aim of protecting these are the Kbeit.
Nalin Kohli said the entry of the four MLAs is a good start.
Macron has already invited European leaders to the Elysee Palace last month to discuss how to do something to provide stronger support for Ukraine and Ukraine. to generate donations and resources for the Ukrainian military.
Rangdajied, however, have won three games but have faced draws against Malki and Mawkhar and are now in third place.
It is the duty of the employees in the Department of Agriculture & Horticulture to go to the hills and fields of the farmers, not to wait for the farmers to come to the offices.
Regarding the HIV prevalence in Meghalaya, Bah Tariang said that Meghalaya currently ranks fourth among the states in the North East and according to the data, the number of people living with HIV does not less than 8000 people.
Many HSPDP leaders including former MLA Witting Mawsor, former MLA Diosstar Jyndiang, MDCs LG Nongsiej were also present at the meeting.
For example, if we develop in tourism, it makes it easier for families to earn money and from that income, many benefits can be derived.
Anushka, who is also the spokesperson for one of the beauty companies for the first time, will take part in Cannes like Alia.
The program has been designed to benefit all farmers across Meghalaya.
They worked hard to collect and know the needs of the people and to cooperate in sending relief goods to the refugees.
“This matter was raised on the day of the meeting of the NGT Committee and it has directed the State Government to punish severely against those people involved in this incident, including the owner of the of the coal mine," the sources said.
At the meeting, the Manipur Shiv Sena leader also urged the Kuki armed groups to stop the violence against the Meitei people.
Manbha said that when Bull was the leader of the KSU, he was a brave and honest man and he was not afraid of anyone when he wanted to hold a protest. in the case of deception or government plans to buy him.
There is no end to the rule of law, there is only continuity.
According to information, there was a debate among the UDP leaders to elect one of them, but the HSPDP preferred Robertjune to get the ticket.
With his concern and regret, u Bah Bareh said that the construction of the road is very easy where the workers come to put only the materials and the work is easy to do. The residents of the area have been facing heavy traffic jam from time to time due to the poor condition of the road. However, this condition of the road also poses a threat to drivers, passengers and pedestrians.
Shillong, July 12: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has urged the people of Meghalaya not to be deceived by the All India Trinamool. Congress (AITC) has donated T.1000 per month because the party has not reached its goal of forming a government.
The raid was conducted by the Manas Tiger Project at Labdanguri village (near Manas National Park), after receiving detailed information.
On the other hand, Russia is believed to have killed hundreds or thousands of soldiers and civilians in Ukraine, with some estimates that the death toll has reached to 2thousand.
“Since 2008, the people and village leaders have been eager to upgrade this hospital and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare (James K Sangma) has only received The Minister in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to come to Sohryngkham himself.
Speaking on the decision of the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) to boycott the 1st semester classes to protest against the decision of NEHU on the NEP, Rakkam said, “I would be happy if the MCTA had a meeting with the Heads of Schools to discuss and find a way forward"
He said that Sying Makhir, which is also considered as a herbal medicine, will be given more thought on how to develop and plant this plant.
A press release issued on Tuesday reads; “In accordance with the letter of the Department of District Council Affairs, Government of Meghalaya No.22/2013/225, dated The Delimitation Committee has been appointed to inspect the land allocation of the constituencies and to hold a public hearing in this regard.
This is a sign that the road needs to be improved in the area for the safety of the passengers and residents.
Then he gave him a guard to help him.
“The MDA government will come back even after the 2023 elections.
Nine persons have been arrested and there was also a shooting incident at 6.15 pm in Sanaur town, when police went to arrest the robbers.
The Governor, who is also the Governor of Jammu and Kashmir, urged the Central Government to consider the new scheme whereby youth will be selected as temporary soldiers.
He was treated for aspiration pneumonia, COVID-19 and chronic infection.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Government of Meghalaya has appointed a Commission to oversee the implementation of the Food Security Scheme (FSS) in the state.
There have been 134 recoveries from COVID-19 in the state today.
The Islamic State (IS) in March last year attacked a Muslim place of worship, killing 15 people.
“In connection with the murder of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati, police have arrested many people, and many have been summoned, but no one has been summoned. to appear before the court and most of them disappeared and the police did not arrest them or imprison them.
The issue raised by the UDP MDC from Shella, Bah Teiñwell Dkhar, was discussed on the problems faced by the farmers when they come to sell or market their produce.
He also admitted that he will get the ticket from the BJP like Bah Mariahom Kharkrang.
“This behavior of the JHADC and JMB has angered the residents of the village. Besides, the garbage dump in the area is open and dirty. wildlife and crops of the villagers,” said Chanky.
The expenditure for the Monolit Festival 2013 has reached T.50 lakh.
during the COVID-19 pandemic.
This fraud was detected by the State Police in 2017 for the deception of foreigners including citizens of the United States and UK. IFA Enterprise Call Centre, operating from SS NetCom, Dhankheti, Shillong.
This is because the National Health Mission Director is still absent and the Government has also suspended the elections.
Because as in these days and years, the people have been oppressed by the political authorities.
I called the box “The Worry Box”.
“He said that he has thought carefully before saying anything on the Reservation Policy so that it will not mislead after many people have telephoned him on this issue in the past few days.
The Government has also issued an order that if the government employees fail to comply with this order, the Government Department will take strong measures to punish any employee who violates the order. the laws of the government.
In addition to hostile actions, enemies can also be through words, tongues, and eye contact.
The road was constructed in 2007 under the PMGSY scheme funded by the Ministry of Rural Development, Government of India and was completed in
All the shikatta were bad because they didn't believe that they were Punjabis.
Speaking to reporters, some of the women said that there are about 20 shops in these two areas, and they threatened that if the government closes down their shops in the area, the All the shops along the road from Motphran to Mawlong market should be completely demolished.
Meanwhile, B Khriam, Chief Judicial Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District, has been promoted to the post of Chief Judicial Magistrate of East Garo Hills District.
What is more difficult is that many drivers do not recognize the zebra crossings or the well-maintained areas in the middle of the road for the public to cross.
“This year, we expect up to 90,000 people to attend the Cherry Blossom Festival,” he said.
Sohtrun farmers from Ri-Bhoi and some other areas attended the event.
In this regard, he has sent a report to the CE of National Highways for action.
I started accusing myself of drinking ice cream from the fridge when I got my beard.
Furthermore, the slow motion was very slow and it was like slowly moving the Blang's house.
Then how shall we do, Father, as you said yesterday, what remains for us is to take care of ourselves.
The TTTA players will continue to play in Shillong despite the loss of Vishwa.
He encouraged the participants of this program by saying that such programs not only shed light on their work but also provide training to open the door for the future generations to earn a living from such programmes. that kind.
The drivers also complained that their vehicles, as soon as they reached the scene, had to drive slowly and affected the quality of the vehicle and even the passengers suffered physical illness. , when the blood vessels of their bodies were removed from the road.
Ishan Siangshai scored 37 runs off 67 balls.
We have seen victory in the fight against Covid-19 with the participation of the Dorbar Shnongs”.
Of these, 495 are Government Lower Primary Schools and 15 are Government Secondary Schools, he said.
Police have also arrested two ASAK members, Elathman Shira, from Bolchugre village, brother of Sengbath Shira and Dendu M Marak from the same village. They have been handed over to the police for investigation as they are involved in the killing of the SIB officer and the clothes trader.
He said that even in the two constituencies where the NPP has MLAs, he will completely end. “I will completely end the NPP in Dadenggre and Songsak,” he said.
On the evening of 28th June, Bah Rubi said that he had arrived at the school in the hope of seeing his son with his own eyes, but instead, his son was arrested by the authorities. The school authorities have already taken the body to the CHC in Lakshmangarh without the presence of the police or the relatives.
However, as a senior officer, he urged the staff of the department to build a close relationship with the farmers, to arrive on time as their duty is to assist the farmers. the public.
Speaking to media, Henry Suchiang Secretary of the Kur Suchiang Ri-Bhoi Unit and Ibrosta Suchiang President of the Nongpoh Unit said that the Kur is very surprised and shocked to receive the information. A Football Tournament was held at Saiden village led by Bah Phermandes Mawsymbai on behalf of the Kur and announced a prize of Rs 15,0
Participation certificates were also distributed to all the participants.
Those who attended the function included Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Sampath Kumar, Commissioner & Secretary C&RD, RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Bah C.K.
The FKJGP Mawlai Circle has acknowledged that if this hospital can be established, it will benefit the people of the area especially for the households.
“We have already selected a 50 acre site in New Shillong for the construction of the Shillong Medical College and discussions are ongoing and hopefully it will start soon,” he said.
Speaking at the ceremony, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, MDC Sohra constituency, said that Mansa is a source of pride for the state as she is only 12 years old. years, the young woman was able to write and complete her book in just a few days.
Those who have sponsored the competition include Tata Motors, Tata Play, Mia By Tanishq, Tata 1 mg and Tata CliQ. to the rural areas of Meghalaya, they have learned that the use of plastic is harmful to health.
Today, this reporter found that the traffic jam in Upper Shillong has started from Sanmer to Umshyrpi Bridge.
Besides Dr. Aman War, Dennis Shabong has been appointed as Working President, two Vice Presidents, MN Lyndem and Y. Jyrwa and General Secretary Ridahunlin Lyndem.
He also trains senior officers including officers from the Armed Forces and Air Force.
Khliehriat, November 18: The Khasi Authors Society (KASC) Khliehriat in collaboration with the Khasi Authors Society (KASC) Khliehriat today held a special program to mark the 43rd death anniversary of the poet Soso Tham. The program was held at Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat and MP of Rajya Sabha, Dr WR Kharlukhi was the chief guest and MLA of Khliehriat, who is also Minister of State, Bah Kymen Shylla, was the chief guest. and symbol congress.
This was filed by the Veterans Forum for Transparency in Public Life, a non-governmental organization.
It is expected that the wood products factory will reach $10 billion in revenue by
Shillong, June 30: U MLA of Sohra Constituency today celebrated his 46th birthday with the children of Grace Home, Laitkroh. Nine women and nine men were able to celebrate his birthday with the family of Bah Titos Chyne including his wife and children.
Hek said the installation of CCTV cameras is to monitor the movement of patients at the hospital and the installation of PA System is to ensure that if they flee, they can announce the news quickly. through the PA System, where it will be shouted so that they can arrest him quickly.
So what happened? Shall we remain with the religion of our inheritance or shall we be destroyed and lose our identity? The decision is yours.
The scheme was implemented for the year 2011-2015 but according to the reply received by the RTI applicants, it was found that a person who died in 2006 has also received T.2,54,6 money to build it.
The union led by the Chairman of the Employment Cell, Reuben Najiar, has met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla to discuss the issue.
Now we see that the disease has increased but the markets and shops have been opened.
“In the first light of 'Amrit Kaal', this is the 'Amrit Varsha' of victory," said the happy Prime Minister.
At present, the most interesting talks will be between the National People's Party and the United Democratic Party, the major parties that form the coalition government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
This law is sufficient to detect or verify corruption of Government employees through their income compared to the income they receive from their jobs.
Riatsamthiah SC and Mawklot SC have shared 10 points each in the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023, after failing to score until the end of the match at Third Ground on Tuesday. Ground, Pole.
It is wrong for those who go to church to watch the chairman, the reader and prayer, the choir singers and the preacher.
North Shillong is a constituency with a large number of Khasi and Dkhar voters, led by Roshan Warjri of the Congress.
“What is clear from the text of this letter is that the Government's intention is to warn especially the poor Christians in the state (Assam).
Under the rule of the PDF in KHADC, the synrop has faced many conflicts with the state government where the CEM of KHADC has often spoken against the state government ruled by his own party - the Congress party. .
Shillong: The Ministry of Prisons and Correctional Services (MSSDS) on Friday launched the Skill Training for Inmates of Shillong District Prisons and Correctional Services under the Skill Meghalaya sponsored by the MSSDS. ).
He is a foreigner who dressed himself exactly like Tarzan who covered his manhood with a blanket, dressed like Tarzan in the movie, and then walked around from Them Iewmawlong. Then he went to Anjalee and shouted like Tarzan (he covered his mouth with one hand like Tarzan in the movies), so he did from the Mawlong market and after about ten minutes he stood up again and shouted like that. and he lifted up his eyes to heaven.
He said that on Tuesday night, the CID had arrested the headmaster of Bhauri Devi Sarawgi Government High School. Das and the driver of the vehicle, Bindeshwar Timung.
Lamboklang, who is the only MLA from the NESDP in the Legislative Assembly, was elected from Jirang constituency in Ri Bhoi.
Former GSU leader and former CEM of GHADC, Purno K Sangma, who took part in the protest, said that the establishment of the tlang capital in Tura is the right of the Garo people, as agreed by the leaders in Tura. He said that the statehood of Meghalaya is not complete without making Tura the Nongbah Tlang.
Vehicles will not be allowed to enter from Iawmusiang to Iongpiah, Mission Compound, Panaliar, Dulong, Tpeppale and Mynthong from 9:00 am to 5:00 PM on the 13th and on the 14th only vehicles with Car Pass and VIPs can enter from Dulong Junction, Mission Compound, Lumkyrwiang, Khimusniang from 12:00 noon to 5:00 pm.
Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain SC won the opening match of the 1st Division of the WJDSA by winning 6-0 2 against Rymbai Pohskur SC in Pool A at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The President of the party, Bah Dibishon Malai, said that the party urges the government to take action to expedite the work which has been pending for many years.
Prestone said this at a meeting of the NPP-Pynursla held at Urksew Ground, PHE on Saturday as part of the launch of the election campaign for the NPP MP candidate in the constituency. to Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
However, it is not clear on what basis James, who lost to Rupa in the last election, filed the complaint.
The Prime Minister said that the railway issue will require a thorough discussion with the people involved.
The chairman of the Education Cell of the KSU said that they will meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to seek clarification on this.
South Garo Hills has the highest pass percentage with 56.30%.
Another consequence of this is that the influx of people from other states of India into J&K will increase.
Hussein Amar said that members of Parliament are an example to the society, and therefore, he said that female MPs should not wear jeans that are too tight.
He said the UPPL will contest from Kokrajhar constituency and this has been accepted by the BJP.
Before the US presidential election, Joe Biden had increasingly opposed Donald Trump.
Khliehriat, November 17 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit on Tuesday awarded prizes to the students who passed well in the SSLC, HSSLC and Bachelor Degree, Master Degree and one who passed the examination. The KSU Wapung Unit includes four villages, Wapungskur, Wapung Shnong, Tuber Kmai Shnong, Tuber Shohshrieh and Mookhep.
“When the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs come to Shillong, they come only to launch schemes and programs of the Government and not to discuss politics,” he said. to bring in the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs as the lead election campaigners will not make sense in this state.
He said he hoped that the new Government would be a good Government for the state.
The 27th Installation Ceremony was attended by Rtn.
"Yes," replied Hep. At this time, Hep was asked many other questions.
Those who attended the launch included George B Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, PS Tariang, Superintendent of Fisheries, Ri Bhoi, R. Kharbihkhiew, BDO Bhoirymbong C&RD. Block, Rangbah Shnong of Liarkhla, Bah D Rymbai, Rangbah Shnong of Kdonghulu and other elders of the area.
After the inauguration of the University and the laying of the foundation stone, the distribution of rice seeds to the farmers of Ri-Bhoi District was also held by the Union Minister. Radha Mohan Singh, 2013-05-20 10:00:00 AM
Therefore, from the voice of these farmers and sellers, it is understood that the farmers of Sohtrun, want a better market, which they can sell at a reasonable price and which they can provide. the whole household.
In addition, he said that 60 percent of all Polling Stations were monitored through Webcasting.
“According to our information, we have been told that Bah Tiklu's group was walking on one side of the hill and there is a possibility that this group could still survive,” he said. state.
According to information received, the government has set a target to complete the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road by
The party has promised to hold another meeting to write a request to the Governor to stop the approval of the VAB passed by the KHADC. HYC President Peter J Lawai said that the Rangbah Shnongs have been prosecuted under the law,” said HYC President Peter J Lawai. sun.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The families whose houses were destroyed in Umsawli and Mawtari today have suspended their protest and it is not yet known when they will resume their protest.
Conrad said; “It is the duty of the government to ensure that we pay special attention to the youth through what we are trying to see for our state.
Shillian-Sturdy 22.
Now, if agriculture is weak, the country will have to buy food and beverages from abroad and only then, the poor will already die because the price of mur will be terrible.
The program also expects to showcase new digital innovations in the financial sector by Public Sector Banks and Undertakings that have contributed to India's success in delivering services to all.
In the second half, the match became more interesting, with both sides playing hard and trying to score.
The BSF also seized a Tata Pick up (AS-01-GC 5115).
Therefore, let us remember that not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only those who do according to the word of God.
They said this after the Governor gave his keynote address in the Budget Session in Hindi which prompted even the VPP MLAs to leave the House.
He asked them to pray for the leaders to be able to fight in the next five years amidst the severe challenges to fight the nation.
We on behalf of the Waheh Chnongs of Iooksi Saphai, after seeing the news issued by the Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jaintia Hills, have demanded their share of the State Job Reservation Policy which is 20% for Jaintia.
Ma Singh became MLA of Jowai in 1998, when the UDP won in all seven constituencies in Jaintia Hills and later in
Speaking of films, the actress is waiting for the release of Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani on 28th November.
“When the people beat up these men, they shouted that they are robbers but why on social media they say that he is a robber? bombed to death by the woman’s relatives.
Shillong: The Almanac 2021 was launched by Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President of KSU Sengkmie in the presence of Samla Pynskhemlang W.Uriah, General Secretary Samla Wallam Nongsiej Vice President Delhi Unit and members of KSU Jaiaw Circle. .
The tourist spot was constructed under the MGNREGS scheme together with the Rurban Mission in 2017 at a cost of 60 lakh tyngka but due to many difficulties it could not be completed on time. which is enough.
This order came into force from 13th November until further notice.
A total of 1287 cases were heard of which 235 were settled and the fine amounted to T.84,47,480 lakh in the National Lok Adalat alone.
In this incident, the fire destroyed all the food items in their kitchen and they lost all their necessities such as rice, utensils such as knives, plates, some clothes. that cup that sem.
These are the ML-01, ML-02 vehicles and the vehicles of the leaders of those who call themselves bhalang.
“I don't know how you are...” said Lydia.
Thus, through the wisdom that God has given to His chosen people, the chapters and verses were introduced into the Word of God in the years 1227 AD. God is easier to know what God tells prophets like Daniel and how God reveals to John on the island of Patmos, in the Book of Revelation, these two speak of the end of those days , and they are revealed in the book of Revelation.
The most striking of these is the mention of the terrible damage caused by the earthquake that struck the state hundreds of years ago.
On the other hand, Bah W.Shabong from the DCPO said that we should not just wait until the police or government departments do their job but we need to cooperate and urged Children should not trust anyone because most of the incidents of violence are committed by the perpetrator.
Filters, 7
However, for Package II and Package IV and V, the tender is still going on online and this may take a little longer.
Wei Loi is the word for thwei.
The President of St. Paul Past Pupils, Bah Silvester Mynsong, said that the decision to hold a meeting of all the old and new students was taken after the Fr.Peter Syiemlieh, Parish Priest of Nongpoh Parish on the 20th March, 2022 at the Parish Hall in the presence of Fr.Peter Syiemlieh, Parish Priest of Nongpoh Parish. old school kids.
When we look at and remember the Khadar rule since we got our own state, we have been filled with problems in many areas.
There are also districts which have sent their comments but have included many fish farms and due to irregularities the Committee has decided not to accept this comment.
In Sutnga constituency, MDC S. Shadap in 2012-13, donated T.30,000 for the construction of the footpath to Narwan Presbyterian Church, said Bah Dkhar.
Gigur Myrthong, Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, donated T243,72,89,9
“If Assam can deploy police forces in Jatalong, Sabuda and Umsohphoh to monitor the movement of the people, why can't the Meghalaya government deploy Meghalaya Police in these areas? “It's not like the Khasi people are happy,” said one of the youths from the area.
We must surrender into the hands of the law no matter what happens.
He explained that the entry and exit gate cannot check anyone who wants to enter the state, but if there is an ILP, no one will dare to enter the state without permission.
Television : means television, television is a medium that can be used according to man's creation; ther is the one who passes jubor to the suiñ; the appearance is not visible; sur is a sound that cannot be heard.
This is because the central government has strictly controlled the allocation of funds without following the rules and without seeing the results of the work.
Volume I of the Financial Accounts contains the Report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, reports on all receipts and payments and the Notes to Financial Accounts contains an explanation of the main policies relating to the financial activity, account status and more.
The full report can be found at: onoe.
About 17 states have come to take part in the tournament and three states including Meghalaya will take part for the first time in Guwahati.
He said the truth is that the BJP/RSS is afraid of the power of the people of the country and does not want to listen but is trying to silence.
The Assam government has started this plan for the past few days, but has been stopped by the residents, but yesterday they came together with the Assam police to work on the gate until noon.
Shillong, November 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has sent a letter to the Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, A. Narayanswamy requesting him to include the Scheduled Tribes (ST) of the State especially Khasi in the list of benefits given to Scheduled Castes in the training at Dr. Ambedkar Center of Excellence (DACE), NEHU for the purpose of preparation for the election The examination conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) for the post of IAS, IPS and other senior officers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, demanding that he should revoke the order of The demand of the Union, which was implemented on 13th July 1989, was in accordance with the discussions with the State Government at two meetings, on 10th June 2016 and 31st July They discussed these two issues and demanded that they be replaced by other new laws.
Eternal survival depends on a wise leader, who listens to the voice of the people, who is free from selfishness, free from ambition, free from greed and free from pride. being grateful.
Then I said to myself, 'Wow !!! God, what a wonderful thing it is.
On the same day, a public meeting will be held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar at 11 pm to demand the complete abolition of the kilo cut in the market.
There has been a case where the Kharthor from India have called Lum Sohpetbneng Naabhiparvat, so if these are not carefully maintained, the Khasi culture will be taken over by foreigners.
Thus the subject of man cannot be explained except by the Word of God (the Bible).
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MWNC) led by its President Joplyn S Shylla and Mebailang Kharkongor today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Shillong City. DC) of East Khasi Hills has increased the price of gas cylinder by 144 tyngka.
At the same time, he said that the customs and traditions of the people, the dress, the language and others will be affected if the land in Block-II which still falls under the Raid Nongtung I went to Assam.
If we turn to God's Word from Deuteronomy chapter 16:15 which says, 'You shall set a king over you whom the Lord your God shall choose.
Nongpoh, Naitung 01: To strengthen the party for the 2023 MLA election in the state and after the announcement of the full candidate from Mawhati Constituency, Dr. Evarist Myrsing, The BJP Mawhati Mandal has appointed Bah Shanborlang Rympei as the President of the BJP Mawhati Mandal to lead the party and to strengthen the party for the future. The BJP has announced its victory in Mawhati Constituency.
Jowai: A Nepali woman has died after being seriously injured in a fight with another woman.
We have nothing to offer but only as a sign of sympathy for you, hopefully you will accept this.
The FIR has been lodged at Patharkhmah Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to track down the suspects.
On the 25th of July, Chilliangraij will play against NSA at 12 noon, while Mooknor Thadmuthlong will play against Lion SC at 2 pm.
Bah Syiem said that many villages in the city have suffered from the drug abuse of youths who commit crimes.
This sacrifice to these Blai is held once a year in the Raij Mukhla before the cultivation and sowing of jhur seeds and other crops. The Syiems prayed to prevent the spread of diseases from the villages of the Raij of Muluk and the children of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla.
In doing so, we have set a good example in the fight against climate change.
In its order, the bench comprising Acting Chief Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh said, “It has been estimated that up to 5,50,000 MT of coal is still being stored in the area. According to the order of the Single Member Committee of Justice Katakey, the coal should be cleaned by November
In addition to Iran, there are one in Hong Kong, Kuwait, Rwanda and Sri Lanka;  The number of cases in Italy has risen to 147 so far.
These High-Levels have destroyed the state so much that the police have shown that they have no power to do anything.
You cream pure.
Shillong, November 30: Father Samkutty Issac of Believers Church Umsaw, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Umiam Police Station for allegedly assaulting his employee, Anil Tigga, who works as an accountant. He stole up to T.35 lakh by stealing his name.
The total number of cases has risen to 102, with 69 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Khasi Hills, 7 cases in Ribhoi District and 25 cases in West Garo Hills.
He said the election is a struggle between two or more parties.
Shillong, June 18: A video has been circulated on social media on Tuesday, showing that the Karbi residents of Khanduli have evicted the Magistrate (ADC) of West Jaintia Hills District and Meghalaya Police have arrived at the scene to seal up the tax collection point by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC).
Yoga is accepted by India and the world.
We are committed to ensuring that all the benefits of the digital age reach every citizen through this Mile Connectivity project.
To raise awareness among the public, students of the Social Work Department, Women's College Shillong took part in a street play witnessed by the market dwellers and shopkeepers.
Applications will be accepted only through online until
“Our leader, Rahul Gandhi, doesn't lack young girls.
The new office bearers were confirmed by the Vice President of the HNYF, Bah Shining Wanniang and followed by the blessings.
She also reminded the members of the principles of the Movement and the duties to be fulfilled as the Pledge to serve others with love and respect without discrimination.
The police initially did not believe the complaint and sought clarification from him.
However, he said he would take the message to the AICC leaders including Sonia Gandhi to decide whether they feel it is right or not to replace the leadership in the state.
It was also observed that there are public leaders who come from other sectors of the public service such as Doctors and Engineers, Contractors, wealthy businessmen and others and this is one of the main reasons for the strong strength strong glory.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle on Tuesday congratulated Gerrard Dakerlang Sun at his residence in Lummawbah. He played football at BOCA Junior Football School in Bengaluru.
However, once you don't get what you want, don't worry, the time will come when they will all disappear.
God does not want any soul to be destroyed before he destroys the world, so he gives us the opportunity to repent.
Please try to find out the source including the State Pollution Control Board and the Central Pollution Control Board and they will provide the level of air pollution.
During the inspection, the KSU found that the company has been dumping the burnt coal in an area adjacent to the river without any cleaning. However, the coal dump could cause serious damage to the river especially during the rainy months as the water will carry the coal into the Riwiang River.
Zechariah 9:9 This was prophesied to Israel by the prophet Zechariah hundreds of years ago.
“This is a non-political scheme, those who are affected or deprived because of politics should complain to the authorities and take the necessary action,” he said.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Ri Jaintia (SWSRJ) on Tuesday visited the road in Sumer area from Samasi to Saipung which falls under Saipung Block C&RD Block. They found that this road has been destroyed and turned into a dirt road.
The government's treatment of teachers is too much to ignore them and as teachers, they have decided to continue their strike and it will be easier to die in this field. “It's a pleasure to see that the children are suffering,” said Bah Riangtem.
Although the TMC has alleged that the MDA government has given no land to Assam, the MDA government has said that the demarcation is based on the documents and maps. Dr Mukul Sangma visited Assam in 2011 when he was in the Congress and the border demarcation was based on these documents and not on the basis of these documents. new by others.
Shillong, Naitung 21 : Shano Tariang scored the equalizer for Langsning FC in the first leg of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Friday. Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Another problem is that the decision of the Supreme Court of 9 Judges in 1992 is that the Reservation Policy cannot exceed 50%.
It is surprising to see that the kwai trees in this village have turned from blue to red as if they have been burnt or burnt and as if they are dying.
Also present on the occasion was the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who expressed his gratitude and praise to the students of this school. I was with them and I told our children that we should win this game today and I am happy that our children have fought hard. He said that football is one of the sports that everyone loves in our state and we should promote this sport. in your state.
Shillong, March 18: Former GNLA member Rakkam D Shira, who was also the Finance Secretary of the GNLA, was shot dead by the GNLA at his residence. and it shall be the day of God.
The Meghalaya Kickboxing Federation (MAKO) has won 12 medals in the National Kickboxing Federation Cup 2020-21 which was held in Dehradun, Uttarakhand from 7-10 February
Speaking on the Congress which has risen from no MLAs to three MLAs, Bah Vincent expressed his satisfaction with the decision of the people as the party has won 15 percent.
The Chief Election Officer (CEO) FR Kharkongor said that the Election Department will have to poll again at another polling station in Selsella due to a mistake by the presiding officer.
To clarify and explain in detail the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the conduct of Kur Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars, Raid Dorbars and Hima Dorbars.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Ri-Bhoi District is ready to field its candidates from all four constituencies.
The union demands that the department should immediately correct this error in the method of taking and measuring the meter.
“However, until now, they have not shown us anything even after we have submitted a letter but it has come out with an approved list.
Angelica Maring also scored 24 runs while Bancyful Mynsong scored 1/6
Anyone who has been infected with the disease, the family members build a skum house in the forest where it is easy to burn after death.
Meanwhile, the EM of the Elaka, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the EC will soon convene an emergency meeting of all the Chief Executive Members to discuss the issue.
Shillong: The inner line permit is an issue that many readers of Rupang.com want to be one of the main issues in the 2019 elections.
Because of this traffic jam, the Malki Church has also performed a song before the opening of the service twice.
The supporters of Nongkrem Constituency on 15th October honored the new MLA, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, at Smit village where he also congratulated his supporters.
Shillong, July 27: The State Government has ordered a Special Audit (SU) on the allegation of misappropriation of T.1 crore by the Project Director of Meghalaya Non-Conventional and Rural Energy Development Agency (MNREDA) to Bah JE Rodborne.
He also spoke on the many schemes that the central government has implemented for the upliftment of the status of women.
These food items were distributed to these families in the presence, short speech and prayer of the Chairman of Umchongpet Village, Ma GR Bareh. each of these families.
Shillong, Lber 31 : Meghalaya has once again been awarded the Geographical Indication Tag (GI tag) for its agricultural products and specialty items. ' up to four tools and raw materials.
After the meeting, they also visited the parking lot and the place of worship.
Regarding the Administrator's rule in Majai, he said that this Administrator's rule is temporary, only so that the District Council can look into the reasons for the influx of foreigners in Majai as well as the income of foreigners. the right to become citizens there and the right to occupy land.
When asked whether it is true that the ARPA has elected a new leader and according to information, it is the name of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, the CEM said. The ARPA has not yet decided who will be appointed as the leader, but it has proposed the name of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
“I strongly urge Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit to refrain from making statements that could cause confusion among the people of the state.
Provide for drinking water during this season.
I have also spoken in the House to seek information on this scheme as it has been launched since 30th November
The High Level first appeared during the Them Motor Race at Mawlong Market.
The Jawaharlal Nehru University, established in 1969, is named after Jawaharlal Nehru, the first Prime Minister of India.
Speaking as the chief guest, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, President of the Mawkyrwat Youth Development Association (MYDA), said that this tournament is one of the most successful tournaments in the country. Youths of Mawkyrwat Constituency will be able to participate and showcase their talents as teams from outside the constituency will not be allowed to bring in participants from outside the constituency.
which calls for Joint Action.
However, the BSNL office has not taken any action to repair, even though the residents and Rangbah Shnongs have complained from time to time and urged the employees of the office to repair.
Only in Hindi films you can see that JCBs can destroy houses, but only actors can stop before destroying, send your Superintendent of Police to the filmmaker Rohit Shetty, to make a movie about this “.
The MCCL dewbilat factory has collapsed after the State Government has not been able to allocate funds for the past few years due to excessive expenditure.
The General Observer during the meeting with the Political Parties discussed the use of EVMs, VVPATs, to ensure the smooth running of the elections to the Legislative Assembly. which is orderly and victorious.
“Bah Donald is also the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA) and the BFI's recognition and acceptance of him as Vice President shows to everyone his ability to carry out the duties of the Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA). Eric A. Nongkynrih, Sports Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) said in a statement.
India is a country with many religions, many languages ​​and many customs and traditions and the UCC will confuse everyone. There is a lack of order in the country and it can lead to bloodshed.
“The actions of the BJP have severely affected the feelings of the people of this state and therefore it is the duty of the people of this state to reject such a party which is trying to undermine the right to freedom of expression. " concluded the statement by Mr. Joe Marwein.
“Therefore, I still don't like Prestone's government, whether it's more or less than the President Rule of Narendra Modi, as I said, if Prestone tries to understand it better. This is the part,” said Bah Bindo.
When asked whether there are any hospitals which have accepted these MHIS cards, Sanbor said, “Yes, why don't they, Nazareth Hospital and Civil Hospital have not accepted these cards recently”.
He was handed over to the police for further investigation.
Shylla's desire to hold a public hearing on the allegations of the HSPDP against him and to explain to the public on the grounds and so that the people should know and understand the works that the HSPDP has done.
He said that when thinking about this era, many people think how to relate politics and the church. Think carefully that the Church cannot exist without politics (which means wisdom or goodness) because from the churches you can give support through prayer, income cannot exist without politics, ha Without politics, money cannot be without politics and everything comes from politics, because politics doesn't mean only on that day to vote for those people. leader.
No food or equipment related to pigs shall be removed from pig houses or farms.
“We don't want to see blood anymore, we want our friends, brothers and sisters, those who love us to live in peace,” said the SMSU leader. Although they live outside Manipur, he said that even if they cannot help face to face, they have shown their unity by strongly opposing this war and hoping that peace will come soon.
But because people are now more enlightened and know about their rights.
Siju Gangga in Baghmara Block and Silki Achak Chiring in Chokpot Block were named the best performing societies in the district.
While meeting with the Minister, the Nongpoh MLA said that the people of the area have wanted to open the PHC, as it is a large area with many shnong, besides which is also an area where the people are far away from going to health centers when there is an illness.
Similarly, prayer for the poor is meaningless unless people have income, employment and adequate wages.
