“Ka seng is proud of Kong Wansuk Myrthong and she will be an example to encourage other youngsters to work hard from the bottom of their hearts in whatever they want to do and accomplish to reach the goal. goal of success.
On the same day, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs also submitted a petition to the Minister to look into these issues.
They said that the allegation by these people in these days, is only to insult the Rangbah Shnong, because they have also published the words that the Rangbah Shnong, has intended to sell sop sop. Explaining the allegation, they said that it is still a discussion to sell the Pung, because the village intends to buy it elsewhere, so that the village can I don't know why, because the current Pung VEC is of no use.
The KSU has also celebrated this day as “Anti-Uranium Day” because Spelity is a leader in the struggle against uranium mining as a land owner. The Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) has been appointed to mine uranium from its site in Domïasiat.
Speaking on the petition submitted to the Government, the Minister of Education, Meghalaya, said that he will take action to follow up on it so that all the objectives can be achieved. that as a school you need.
“In this area, even on the side of the road, it is impossible to talk, because from Borbhuin to Narbong, the road has been destroyed and there are places where even if it is turned into a fish pond, it has become a fish pond,” he said. said Mr. Mawnai.
“The Expert Committee also has an office in Delhi and the CS said the cost is also high.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that 67 students from the state have returned from Imphal by plane to Guwahati.
Regarding the demand of the residents of Mukroh to immediately remove the Beat Office of Assam from this village, the Minister said, “We will talk to the Assam government to demand the removal of the Beat Office from this village. the village"
The annual production of rice is 7 lakh tonnes because we have an area of ​​10,000 acres and the yield of rice per acre is about 70 tonnes.
In 10 months, the daily wage earns T.2000 thousand.
This ATM scam has surprised many withdrawers.
Some houses, which were destroyed and destroyed, by the earthquake and railway lines, were cut lyngkhot lyngkhai and one house, which was five floors, fell to the ground and turned into a house. from the earthquake, according to the report.
Shillong; The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, announces that it will honor the students of the Kur Dkhar who have passed well in their studies on the 30th November 2023 at 10 am at the village. Mookhep East Jaintia Hills.
The HNLC said that the scientific mining of coal will destroy the environment and said that if the coal mines are banned, the mines and others that destroy the environment should be banned. .
Shillong, June 19: The North East MP's Forum has sent a letter to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi seeking his support for the construction of the Umtyra-Semasi-Nohkhara-Lubang road. The bridge on Wah Kupli will improve the income of the tribals living in Meghalaya and Assam.
The Deputy Commissioner, Supply, West Jaintia Hills District has announced the release of AAY, NFSA (PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for the month of December,
Of course I can say that all the religions and beliefs and nations of this world have their own purpose and we must be vigilant to learn from what we see in the past and in the future. the present and ignoring it, causes us to repeat the same mistake.
This ensured that non-COVID-19 related activities were not affected.
Shillong: Speaking to reporters after the investigation by the Investigating Officer Gilbert Marshilong, Agnes Kharshiing said that the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) has told her that the search for the suspects is ongoing. Police are also searching for Kynsai War who is suspected to be involved in the robbery of her and Amita R Sangma.
The market will serve as a hub for farmers to market their produce and especially will help SHGs, Cooperative Societies and Producer Groups to market their produce.
Indeed, God sees the truth and is sorry.
They are now in the custody of Dawki Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
For a long time, the Government has introduced a Single Window which limits the powers of the competent authority.
Nongstoin, June 18: Shallang Police Station under the leadership of Circle Inspector Bah D.Mawlein this morning, continued to raid the Dymmit area of ​​Shallang village. Police Station West Khasi Hills District.
Briefly about the Digital Village, it means a village that will be operated by computers in many areas or e-Governance, where the citizens will be able to use the internet or online in many areas.
“Before the state government convened a meeting to explain on the 17th and 19th June, 2023, the party had held two meetings and We have now decided that it would be better and more reasonable for the government to implement the Roster System from now on.
Through this notice, the Seng Nongjri requests all the residents of Nongjri who live outside the Nongjri Elaka to attend this meeting without fail so that this General Meeting will be a success.
Fifa has decided to allocate such a stadium here in Shillong on the basis of construction. I won the title of “Win ​​in India with India”.
East Khasi Hills has 143 cases while Ribhoi and West Garo Hills have 8 new cases.
On the other hand, Samla Shembha Lamare in his speech told about the journey of the Seng in which it has decided to help the poor and also urged the residents of the village to have a Unity for good deeds especially to prevent the spread of drugs and other alcoholic beverages.
He said that the police raid lasted for 15 hours and it lasted so long due to the heavy traffic jam in the Malidor area.
He said that in Raid Nongtung according to the custom there is a Shad Nangkoi which is performed by the kur but this shad has disappeared and is no longer performed. but the biggest dance is the Lakhompong dance.
He said that the garbage truck was purchased through the CMSDF and the vehicle was purchased at a cost of T.24 lakh.
Ola said it was investigating the two-wheeler fire on October 26, 2022 in Pune and found that it was an unrelated incident and other motorcycle designs.
On the other hand, the Church also urges the opposing groups to come to the negotiating table to bring about peace.
“I will take action on the increase in food and beverage prices, diesel and petrol, the excessive increase in the price of LPG has affected the poor,” said Bah Siangshai.
Leave him alone for a while and stay with me.
In connection with the attacks in Iran, the Mossad has arrested the leader of the group, Yusef Shahabazi Abbasalilu, who provided information and confessed during the investigation into the attacks in Cyprus.
He said that as the government has not allowed entry and exit from one state to another, so traders from other states will not be allowed to enter Meghalaya.
“Regarding the rumor that there is no payment to anyone, but the decision to work together is the desire to work together because they want the BJP to win in 17-North Shillong. “.
Andy Grignon, chief engineer of the iPhone, said, "This is the job that has completely ruined my life. and now I have released my husband from her.
We can also find it in John 20:19,20 – then when it was evening on that day, it was the first day of the month (the first day means the Lord's Day which we now say is not Monday.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, James K Sangma today said that the temporary suspension of the distribution of Shini Ration to the people is due to the shortage of food items. money government.
The plaintiffs also wanted to clarify the term “End Use of Minerals” in which the High Court said that it has passed a law on minor minerals, which should be used. in industrial activities, while those can also be used outside industrial activities, according to a 2016 state law.
In a photograph released by the Israeli army, the Israeli Defense Force (IDF) showed the equipment seized from the MRI at Al-Shifa Hospital and confirmed that that Hamas used the hospital as a hideout.
Shillong: Leaders of the Congress party on Tuesday, while talking to reporters at the party headquarters at Congress Bhavan, Thana Road, admitted that it was during the rule of the Congress party that Meghalaya was given to Meghalaya and during his tenure he ruled the state where many development projects flowed in the state.
Speaking to media on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong said that from time to time the Ministers of the State Government go to meet Amit Shah who is the Minister of State for Home Affairs. The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has been talking to him that he should immediately approve and implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Shillong: Regarding the news published on 18th October 2019 on the issue of the support of the BJP Shella Mandal to the PDF, it was found to be false, after an emergency meeting of the BJP Shella. Mandal expressed her surprise that she has no information on this issue and also the people whose names have appeared in the newspapers have no information on this issue.
Speaking to Rupang, the Minister in charge of the Iewduh said that the incident has shocked and frightened the vendors who came to sell and buy at the Iewduh and this has also affected their income. the book in which the people live and sell through the market.
What is surprising, however, is how Jackson arrived at the event.
If we lose our language, how can we be a nation, if we lose our Kur, how can we be a nation and if we lose our land, how can we be our owners? you country.
Also present were MDCs Laski Rymbai, Finelyness Bareh, Deputy Commissioner A Baranwal, Kong R Passah DSWO Khliehriat, T Kyndiah DCPO Khliehriat, Dolloi Jowai District Ma Puramon Kynjing. Tuberkmai Village Councillor Micky Lyngdoh, office bearers and members of the Women's Wing and Tuber Village Councillors.
While they were talking, Daplin saw the same man she had met two days ago.
Speaking to media, Bah Richard Lyngdoh, Secretary of the group, said that the festival will start at 2 pm. Traditional foods from Ri Bhoi, as many of the traditional foods have begun to disappear and be replaced by other non-traditional foods.
Here we see that God has fulfilled His word from the beginning when He blessed man by saying, “Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it; pyndem with it.
Many kinds of jhur provide leaves, flowers, fruit and shyieng for food.
The Government of India spent 34 per cent of its revenue in 2019-20 on debt repayment, while in 2015-16, it spent only 32 per cent.
Nongpoh: Former CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Rangkynsai R. Makdoh, who is also one of the supporters of the National People's Party (NPP), today announced that he has resigned. Regarding this resignation from the party, Bah Rangkynsai R. Makdoh, has handed over a letter of resignation from the party. The NPP has appointed Bah Clement Mawlong, President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Ri Bhoi District.
In a statement, the Vice President of the party, Ohibait Dkhar, said that the march will start from Lad Stadium to District Library, Mynthong.
Speaking at a meeting held at the football ground of Seiñduli on 21st November, Bah Witting Mawsor said that the foreigners in Shallang no longer trust the Khasi. whether they are from the village or from other villages.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit on Tuesday visited Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District as part of its efforts to strengthen the party in all constituencies. the role of recruiting new members to the organization.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The village of Lawbah, has been in darkness since the 9th of November due to the loss of a transformer inside the village.
According to John Clement (Scholar Google Citations), one of the leading researchers on the number of people using the Internet worldwide.
The dead include those who threw themselves into the Galwan River.
“The Executive Committee of the Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar Shnong has removed Bah Michael N Syiem as the Executive Member of the Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar Shnong from today due to the fight against the Dorbar and the filing of a PIL against the District Council,” he said. Suting in a statement released today.
Gen.
Shillong, Nailar, 25: The All NEHU Workers' Union (ANWU) has decided to temporarily suspend its strikes after the group agreed to take responsibility for the The general welfare of the University as a whole has been severely affected by the indefinite strike for more than two months.
Lamphrang recalled what Prestone Tynsong, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, had said during the elections that if the NPP comes to power, they will resolve the border with the state. state of Assam.
PK met Modi after he wrote an article while at the United Nations on the decline in food security in India's richest states. , as in Gujarat and through this article, he was invited by Modi.
This is part of efforts to bridge the gap between farmers and large foreign markets.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the ruling MLAs from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) will meet the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to oppose the The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2019 has been passed.
“To order students to switch to a four-year course is illegal and unfounded,” said the MCTA. “How can other departments teach new courses while other departments teach old courses?” he asked. statement from the Union of College Teachers.
However, he said the department will continue to monitor and send proposals to the central government for the support of the central government.
Ronaldo has been in love with Russian model Irina Shayk for five years.
The Government of Meghalaya has suggested that CUET Centers should be set up in Shillong, Tura, Jowai, Nongstoin and Williamnagar to include other neighboring districts.
When Rupang inspected the house, it was found that it was very old and made of wood, and most of the trees were rotten and very old, and there were others. There are also houses that are nearby, which are similar to these old tree houses, which are located in places where there is no danger if there is such an earthquake.
The meeting was conducted by KSU Education Secretary Samla Willbest Wanniang.
It is learned that the robbers also shocked the videographer, with the intention of dropping the camera.
In Dharavi, 30 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 168, with 11 deaths in the homeless shelter, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) said in a statement. .
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 17: Police of Nongstoiñ Police Station, today arrested a man suspected of involvement in the rape and murder of a Longkmie in the past few days at a place. She is known as the Phodkynthei of Riangpoit Thymmai Village, West Khasi Hills.
In some cases it may take the most important part of your life affecting your eating habits, sleep habits, travel habits, recreational habits or leaving home to work or go to school. .
“Trinamool Congress Leader Kriti Azad has used words that degrade the Khasi dress, which the Prime Minister of our country has worn with pride,” said Bah Mawrie.
When we reach this point, we must not forget the advice, “There is no peace when there is too much peace”.
Due to the bad weather, it was felt that the Annual School Sports should not be held during the summer.
After the post mortem at Nongpoh Civil Hospital, it was learned that the perpetrator of the crime, a Nepali, was arrested by the Assam police.
The Indian Audit and Accounts Department (IAAD) in Shillong has celebrated the third Audit Diwas with programs from 16th to 24th November
The first goal was scored in the 23rd minute while the second goal was scored in the 52nd minute by Freestar Kharbangar.
The Governor expressed his pleasure to witness the special performance of the 100th episode of 'Mann Ki Baat' along with special personalities whose work and life are in line with the beliefs of this. program- which is the work of helping others.
Six MDCs who are MLAs have resigned from their posts after the House passed the Prevention of Disqualification (Members of Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya) Amendment Act, 2015.
And the cock crew three times, and the heaven was darkened; but Rida didn't know.
Sengbhalang leaders who witnessed the incident immediately informed the police and helped to rescue these people from the vehicle.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: Jaintia Hills District has shown well this time in terms of the Matric Result of the MBOSE which was announced yesterday.
After the second half, Umphrup SC tried to come back with a goal from Luckystar Lyngshing in the 66th minute, but Dawandappura Pathaw gave Nongrah SC the lead. Three goals in the 79th minute before Sondingroy Rngaid scored the last goal in the 84th minute.
We walked according to the rules.
Speaking to reporters in Ri Bhoi District, the President of the Meghalaya AHSHA Workers Union, Kong Mirajune Myrsing, said that as ASHA workers, they are very concerned about the theft and corruption of the government. The state through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and they only know how to send bills or send them to work and do not pay properly even the salary of the ASHA workers besides the salary is low.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has congratulated all the students of the state especially those who are writing the SSLC and HSSLC examinations for
According to the provisions of the Flag Code of India, 2002, the public or private groups or educational institutions such as schools, educational institutions may fly or display the flag throughout the 10 days of the programme. as a sign of honor to the flag of the land.
He said the EC has not set any deadline for completion but has requested the Committee to submit the report as soon as possible.
Police are conducting further investigation to find out whether there was any such threat from the gang members.
The Post Disaster Need Assessment (PDNA) report has been prepared by the National Disaster Management Authority for the construction of houses in Joshimath.
Likewise, the child is free to come down to earth or to go back to heaven as he pleases. only peace and happiness in the forty creatures of the Judge's Mother accompanies them from above.
There have been 1,737 confirmed cases out of a total of 7,711 suspected cases.
At that time, they asked his mother where Saiko was, but she replied that he was not in Shillong and in Guwahati.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Philling Rynjah, said that the reason why he distributed the seeds to those who wanted to plant, was after he as a doctor who used to treat Many people through herbal medicines, so to promote these herbal medicines, this distribution of these medicinal seeds has been conducted.
However, the Kongthei, who was angry with what Lanosha had done against her, led her forward to the topic.
IX.With the voice of my heart I cry out, Flee from this disease! My beloved Khasi country, O country that gave birth to me.
“I have been working for 10 months and I have issued 300 labor licenses,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Out of the 12 cases, only 3 cases have recovered and only 3 cases are still active.
From Shillong seat, Bah Vincent H. Pala has been elected as MP of the Congress.
The distribution of T.2 lakh is also a sign of recognition of their hard work and ability to hold the tournaments in their districts.
Mukul Sangma said that the inflow of funds from the Government of India is through the monitoring of the Government of India and other authorities, which does not include the District Councils. with the financial assistance of the 14th Finance Commission Recommendation, as they do with the Panchayati Raj.
Therefore, the union urges the government to immediately put in place a plan to build a new bridge in Lailad, so that it will be safe for the people. They are the people of Ri Bhoi South.
“Pinna recruited Adil to detonate two IEDs at a bus stop in a public place in Udhampur district, injuring two people,” he said. added.
There are forty skits on the screen.
“I haven't received any information on the extent of the damage and the damage is severe,” James said.
On this occasion, the Governor promised to talk to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Central Government to protect this important place.
Shillong: Police have arrested Ganesh Debnath of Agartala, Tripura with T.35 lakh in cash while he was traveling by night super from Agartala to Guwahati via East Jaintia Hills.
“They are afraid to work in the COVID wards.
I don't bring issue Jaideep because I know you and the UDP have already won.
Although the Prime Minister declined to explain why Kong Warjri resigned, sources said it was due to the deterioration of law and order in Garo Hills especially the killing of policemen. recently and another reason is perhaps the political upheaval within the Congress party.
(For more information, please refer to the books of the Tynrai Rympei Scheme).
Now, that festive season has come to an end and the government must start working according to the promises it made to the people during the elections.
Bamanbha Shangpliang scored 78 runs off 52 balls for Moodymmai.
Everyone prayed for Kynsai to arrive safely and that God would protect him while he was staying west to his place of study.
New Delhi, July 22: The Indian Opposition has decided to nominate former BJP MP Yashwant Sinha as its presidential candidate. NCP Leader Sharad Pawar.
However, according to the CEM, it is understood that the District Council is doubtful about the RTI reply received by the lawyer, as it has accepted that the Ministry of Home Affairs has many sections. The RTI reply may have come from other departments of the Ministry while the Governor's reply may have come from another department of the Ministry.
It is worth mentioning that while Bah Adilbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw was speaking on this important issue, what happened in the House was that it was like a color of biria and a spectacle of laughter. many of the MDc especially from the ruling party laughed.
However, the government, especially the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, has insisted not to call for talks or implement the demands of the Sengbhalang.
“It needs to be passed and we will bring the amendment in the necessary areas,” said the CEM of KHADC. Nongkrem MDC Lambor Malngiang also supported the motion by Bah Carmel and the House decided to send the bill to the Select Committee within two months for action.
Whereas in the Bible, God, who created the nation according to the righteousness of the law, cannot allow the transgression of the law through the sins of the nation.
Speech was also delivered by Mr. Pohsngap who told about the journey of the party since its inception in 1993, at a time when there was a lot of destruction to destroy the fish in the area. wah Myntdu, where through the hard work of the party, we have been able to bring about the change as it is now.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Another leader of the newly formed National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLRC) has been arrested by the Iewduh Police on Friday morning.
The office of the General Manager, District Commerce and Industries Centre, Nongstoin has held a two day district level industrial exhibition at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong.
“According to our ability, we have invited everyone and we will discuss in various areas.
The government has noted that the top challenges in terms of MSMEs is the digital transformation of businesses.
The HNYF in an emergency meeting has decided to give its full support to the CEM of KHADC to appear before the High Court on 27th July 2015 for the benefit of the country and the people. U Hynniewtrep also urged him not to back down from his vision, because the HNYF will always be with him, no matter what difficulties he faces while fighting for the benefit of the nation and the people. I pray that you will win the battle.
On the other hand, Bah Pangniang said that the nomination of candidates by the ethnic parties in Ranikor has been in every election and it is not surprising if they nominate candidates this time even though they are in the MDA coalition government. by the NPP, and admitted that the opposition in the election will not affect the cooperation in the government.
Ma Rymbui stressed that the protest against the six villages is well founded and it is time for the government to find ways and means to resolve the issue in the fight against garbage.
Therefore, on this basis, the allegation that there has been such a threat and posters on social media through whatsapp in the area has caused concern to many village leaders and especially to the parents. Sacred Heart Secondary School Marmain and the village leaders were afraid that any tragic incident would happen and affect the peace and order in the area, which is also a border area. between Meghalaya and Assam.
In his public statement, Bah Donbok Dkhar said that the party does not have any bias against any party, but the main goal is to explain to the people that they should elect leaders who know how to scientists, who can pass laws and not elect leaders to sit in the Assembly but do not have time or understand how to pass laws.
On the other hand, the same offices have sent another letter to the residents of Pyrdiwah at 12 noon. The land owners have left their homes since 11 pm this morning. Pyrdiwah until 12:30 pm, no one came.
If Meghalaya cannot pay the debt, the central government will use one method and that is to forgive the debt and repay it by taking the debt. land to mine uranium.
He said the government should pay compensation to the families of the deceased as T.3 lakh is too small.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the elections to the State Legislative Assembly in Delhi will be held on 8th June 2020 and the results will be announced on 11th June
Vidya Bharati has launched the National NEP Awareness Campaign.
“Their departure has upset the Congress leaders, because we have worked together for a long time, but the party cannot force, the leaders have to decide whether they want to stay with the party or join other political parties".
“At present, the revenue of the state is Rs 45,000 crore which needs to be improved.
“It was stated that about 50 to 60 buses have already been procured for this purpose.
“We want the government to announce the results because the students are now in the dark how to do,” said B Kharumnuid who was accompanied by other youths who were waiting for the results.
The poor performance of the children has increased the demand that these schools which have about 1,466 schools in the state should be included under the School Education Department so that they can be verified in terms of performance. good of them.
According to the Sixth Schedule of the same Constitution, trade and calling is the subject of the District Council.
The 60 MLAs, as expressed in their Resolution on 19.12.2019, will also advise the Governor through the Council of Ministers led by the Chief Minister to listen to the requests of the 60 MLAs. According to the Constitution, the power rests with the Elected Representatives.
According to police investigation, the incident happened at 1:30 pm, when a group of about 10 robbers, who are not known to be from the area, entered the house. They robbed the Kudam and robbed many of the secret boxes from the Kudam.
The participants on the list of 100 not only received cash prizes but also received the opportunity to borrow money which will enable them to achieve success in the you are their jam.
They don't trust in the thylliej, nor in the strongholds; They hold fast to the covenant of righteousness and righteousness by putting their trust in men whose weapons are spiritual light and purity: whose righteousness and truth are. you stieh.
We have 66,150 VTMs, 80 Bipap Machines and 135,000 HCQ tablets. Besides NEIGRIHMS, the state has also set up Testing Centers at Tura Civil Hospital and Pasteur Institute.
The question is – If Satan is the main cause of evil in the world, then why does God allow him? Why doesn't God destroy Satan and the demons? Of course God can do that, he can stop Satan from confusing people, but God allows Satan and the demons to work against man, as happened to him. Job was a man of God.
Earlier, the central government had decided to seek a review of the Supreme Court's decision on the abolition of the NEET examination for MBBS, BDS and post-graduate doctoral studies in read in the country.
More than 1000 people born in Warsan Lyngdoh, Umdohlun, Phlangdiloiñ and other surrounding areas, many of them do not have or have received a Disability Certificate like others.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that in order not to affect the feelings of Christians and churchgoers, the Government has ordered to start the cherry festival. blossom from 3 pm.
Lajong are one of the first teams to play in the tournament but with this result, they have already lost before the start of the tournament next month.
This new house will have many rooms.
Many species of creepers do not grow on the tree except for one or two, such as the chow chow.
The incident happened at 11 pm last night, when the two men riding a scooty tried to cross the road and suddenly collided with a truck. that they were seriously injured and lost their lives.
He said that this type of tourism is a huge market in India and has started to turn into an opportunity to create jobs in the country.
Because if it was allowed to open, you never know what would happen.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “We don't need to lodge a complaint on this matter, because we have ordered a Magisterial Inquiry and according to the investigation, we have not immediately revealed this. It is to be understood that the stadium as a whole has not been damaged and is safe except for the part where the rainwater has accumulated due to the blockage of the drain and caused to collapse. and thou shalt not be ashamed.
If we work together, there is no problem in eradicating any or all of the dangerous species.
Nit Shabong is the father of Osborne Kharjana, the Congress candidate from Sohiong constituency.
However, Kiran Laishram, who scored 65 off 193 balls, managed to beat their ninth batsman by 93 runs and thus Manipur managed to reach the tournament. goal setting.
In addition, there are electricity polls which can collapse during heavy rain and wind due to the softness of the soil.
“We demand that a female professor who has held the rank of VC of NEHU should be appointed immediately for the sake of the university and the society. NEHUTA President Prof XP Mao and MeTTA-NEHU President Dr Lakhon Kma said in a letter released on Friday.
Remember, don't force your fellow man, And don't try to buy with a price; Because they have a free will, Your life will be clean.
“They allege that it will be insufficient, it is wrong because we have investigated well and went to inspect these places, and if they really want to resolve this issue, it is wrong. to accept the arrangement for equalization".
The death of 46-year-old George Floyd has sparked mass protests across the country and even in the country's most prominent cities. They carried a sign saying 'Black Lives Matter' which means that the lives of blacks are also precious.
These facts were discovered when the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-War Shella Circle, visited the city to inspect and check the documents, including the trading licenses of various companies, operating in the area. Lafarge Umiam Mining Pvt.
The ASI is expected to excavate 80 meters from east to west and 40 meters from east to west.
After the death of Vikash, the last rites were held in Delhi today and his remains will be taken to his hometown in Rajasthan.
An unidentified foreign truck driver died on the spot, while the driver sustained serious injuries after the truck crashed into a 200 feet high tree.
The men's category was won by Bah Ibansuklang Warlyngah and the women's category was won by Snora Rani.
He said that the village has warned that if found in the future, the village will punish and take strong action and also hand over to the law enforcement authorities such robbers who are involved in such crimes. activities that affect the peace and order in the community.
From the Government of India, and various groups have recognized their work.
Since our country Hnniewtrep has been forcibly annexed to the border of India, the people have had to obey and follow the laws and regulations of the Government of India and the authorities have started to flock to this is your beloved country.
JOWAI: The All Jaintia Mid-Day Meal Workers Union (AJMMWU) under the umbrella of the All Jaintia Mid-Day Meal Workers Union (AJMRWLU) has decided to They continued to hold a mass protest to force the State Government to implement their demand to increase the honorarium from T.1000 to T.5000 per month and the payment should be for 12 months per year.
However, now the markets have been opened for the sale of liquor, especially the home delivery of liquor.
Youths from Patharkhmah area took part in the celebration of National Voter's Day by walking from Jirang Market to Government Higher Secondary School, Patharkhmah. , Bah MB Tongper also took part as the chief guest.
It is also a threat to the perpetrators, especially the high-ranking officials.
JOWAI : The Budget Session of the two district councils, the JHADC will be held on 27th October and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on 25th October.
Khliehriat November 20: The Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle, on the 17th of November 2013, has held a program to honor the students of the Dkhar Circle who have passed well in various examinations including professional courses. and vocational courses, as well as those who have worked well in various fields that serve as inspiration and encouragement to others.
KAS invites the Khasi people to attend the event.
He said the Congress may lose power temporarily, but it will come back after a while and this has been clearly seen in the history of politics in the state.
Police have registered a case under Section 302 IPC and the investigation against Adifine is ongoing.
Shillong, June 22: After a month of refusing to publish news related to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, the Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) today held another meeting to discuss the issue. The meeting decided not to publish Mukul's news and this time it did not set a time limit for the decision.
Even the price of medicine is more expensive for dogs than for humans.
This decision was taken after receiving 162 supports from the Federation Council.
She said that this should not be taken stingy but it is necessary to think carefully and at the same time no one should be allowed to make such mistakes because this is dangerous.
The development of a state is not from the city or from the city but it should be clearly understood that the development of any state or country should start from the rural areas, from the borders.
“The children are still at home or have left home,” he said.
“I congratulate Thomas A Sangma on his election to the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Twitter.
After leaving the shop , Bah Khhangin informed the HANM Kynthei , who rushed to the scene on Thana Road , and after reaching the scene , they conducted an inspection. They raided the shop and found that the shop had also used biam to cook in the house.
When the Son of God came into the world, he became flesh.
Finelyness Bareh MDC & EM of JHADC blessed the program as the chief guest.
“We don't blame the government for releasing the first arrear to the government employees but we request it to consider also the deficit teachers to release the arrear because they haven't received it yet,” he said. Babu Kular, president of KJDSTA, said that the teachers' union has also demanded that the government should fully implement the new salary according to the 5th Pay Commission for the deficit teachers as it has done before. government employees.
According to the petition submitted to the DC, many of the market residents, school children, employees from various departments and offices have been forced to pass through these garbage dumps. numbered.
Referring to the implementation of the MPDA or the Meghalaya Preventive and Detection Act, the MLA said, “The Honorable Muktiar has urged the government to implement the MPDA. where it should work and where it should not work, and there shall be no law in the world that shall prohibit even you as a ruler, so shall not be a cause to burn the fire of judgment.
Mawkyrwat, March 02: The office of the District Social Welfare Officer, South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday celebrated the International Day for Older People. The theme of the event was “Resilience of Older Persons in a Changing World” which was organized by the Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir.
He also criticized the suspension of Bills of KHADC only within the District Council Affairs (DCA) and the Law Department of the State Government. The bills are pending only with the DCA and the Law Department”.
They said that the factory produces about 80 tonnes of nar which has been carefully monitored and the factory is committed to maintaining a clean environment.
How interesting is this subject Why is there death?.
Paul in his letter to Timothy said that in the last days, people would be lovers of themselves, and God's Word says: 'But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. .
Is it the tortious work of the contractor or is it the stinginess and negligence of the PWD (Roads) department?
She said that they go to the people to ask for blessings and not to mislead but the people know and know how and whom to vote for.
You shall not replace the Lama that has been destroyed.
You don't need to have a Regional Committee.
Shillong, July 19: Meghalaya along with other states received the Center for Innovations in Public Systems (CIPS) Award held on Thursday in Shillong.
In various competitions related to dangle education, in salonsari, in the Khasi mother tongue and in any snapshot of information about the Khasi culture, they are Christian scholars.
Many people, even if they don't have money, ask for ram-panshah in order to enter the competition.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Khasi Seng Kmie, for the first time in its history, will donate a Rot to the Seiñ Raij Jowai as part of the annual Shad Behdeiñkhlam.
“There is no such arrangement, one by one but the agreement of all the UDA MDCs is to elect Bah Titos as the CEM candidate,” he said.
He also promised that the district election authorities have arrested the people involved in this incident.
“We request the organizations to understand that they have lost their livelihood but more precious human life, and they too have understood and there is no illegal sale,” she said.
He proposed to increase the allocation for the scheme to Rs 75 lakh, with the allocation of Rs 25 lakh per MLA. For 60 MLAs it will reach Rs 45 crore. tyngka and another 15 crore tyngka, he said, adding that this new allocation will come into force in the 2024-25 budget.
All the deceased were from Raliang village.
This will also help them to open their book of life.
He said that there are many whom we have not yet recognized and many who have already been recognized.
Women's Wing: President:- Pretty Kharpyngrope, Secretary:- Wandashisha Rynjah.
The contractor has taken the initiative to complete all the works related to the cleaning of the road dug during the installation of water pipes and also the footpaths in all the villages of the village.
The Seng urges the Government to move forward immediately without delay so that the entry and exit of mynder into the state will not be too slow.
Why has the Single Window Agency approved up to 16 coke factories which are the sources of er-bih production? Has the state government looked into the air pollution of Shallang? 2.
“Leaders of the Ri-War Mihngi Circle, on the night of the 24th of this month, went to Pynursla Police Station to lodge a complaint against the vehicles carrying illegal goods to Bangladesh.
According to the traffic police, this is only an attempt, and only temporary, to control the traffic.
Borato is 14 km from the Zero Point of the Mukroh Road.
He said that in fact according to the Meghalaya Civil Service Rule 2020, any officer who has been investigated through Departmental Proceedings should be temporarily suspended or transferred to another department so that he does not get way to destroy all the evidence that would prove the corruption of the accused officer.
During the meeting, they discussed the methods of photography for the purpose of publishing news, they also talked about the meaning of photography, which only one photograph can explain all the events that happened. in any event.
The Government together with the health workers have worked hard in the fight against covid-1
He said it is the duty of the government and the relevant departments to investigate these mistakes or shortcomings which have prevented the state from receiving these development grants from the central government in the last two years. .
Shillong, November 22: Leaders of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) will arrive in Shillong on the 30th of this month to meet with the party workers in the state for the 2018 elections.
Shillong: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, today confirmed in the Legislative Assembly that he will follow up closely to ensure that the Housing Act of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) will not extend beyond the boundaries of the state. the Municipal.
Pateng la pateng:—- If we were not born for love, we would not be able to live in this world because it is the land that takes care of living things from one generation to another.
Surprisingly, although the government has received the suitable land for the construction of the talasi mynder gate, no signs have been seen yet to start implementation.
Noor Muhammad Khan, 25, Ranjan Barman, 32, Bajendra Burman, Sudip Acharjee and Biswajit Roy were arrested. Kamrup Hajo, who bought the drugs, was also arrested today.
KHNAM Youth Wing, CEC together with KHNAM 18 Shillong West Constituency on 16th October 2013 have visited the area to clean up the area. It was a clean morning, and once again Mawbynna was bright again.
Romeius Dkhar, General Secretary UHM, said, “We are not against the development, but we find that the 42.051 hectare mining site is located near the Lukha, Lunar and Narpuh rivers. Sanctuary.
The expiry of the 90-member Haryana Assembly will be on 2nd November
Men can explain many of their scientific explanations, but these things do not happen without God's knowledge, so around us we see the signs of the last days before the time of grace ends and The last day or week mentioned at Daniel 9:27 will begin on the day of the signing of the Peace Treaty between Israel, Palestine and Arab countries such as Iran, Iraq, Syria. , Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon and other Arab countries.
“It is a pride for him to join the national party which has become the national party and it is also the party that produced the former Lamphrang. Lok Sabha, Purno M Sangma, who has been Union Minister, we don't even know whether the NPP party in Meghalaya can produce a Prime Minister later”.
Something that is too long is not good.
He said that there are other gatekeepers who have been hired by more wealthy people and the robbers have also threatened them with pistols and various weapons.
In addition, the Mass Talent Identification Program will continue to search for players who have this skill.
“Many elderly people are crying that I won,” he said. “When I asked them where they voted, they said in their hands.”
Physical pain : If children have this affection in terms of anxiety, they often show signs of pain in their bodies, feeling distanced from their parents also show signs of affective pain in the middle parts of the body that they cannot express vocally or emotionally.
On the other hand, Bah Samlin informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that the area is full of farmers but many of them do not go to ask for assistance from the government because it takes time and too much work.
Kimfa S Marbaniang, MLA of 33-Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, on November 28, 2013, submitted his resignation letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Metbah Lyngdoh.
“If the government really wants to improve education in Laskein Block, it should set up this Residential School in Laskein because this village is the hub of all the villages in the Block and Other remote villages like Mukroh, Saba, Psiar, Khadkasla, Thangrain and also close especially to those areas of Pangam Raliang/Labang Nangphyllut (Block 1) which are still very low in number of school children and “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Samla Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary of KSU Laskein Circle.
Expressing his appreciation for Prestone's promise to look after the movement of cattle trucks on the road, Generous said, “The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has said to take action to prevent the smuggling of cattle. Bangladesh is the only country.
“Besides handing over these vehicles, the department will also take the initiative to work with the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society to rehabilitate the prisoners awaiting trial for their crimes. that" he said.
This was announced by Fr John Madur, Diocesan Administrator, Archbishop's House, Shillong.
He also ordered an immediate inspection of the factories to ensure that the construction methods will be stable in the event of natural disasters.
The residents visited the village after MeECL has turned off the electricity in the village for more than three months and removed the transformer from the village.
Nongpoh: A few days after inspecting the health centers and public places in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, it was found that these public health centers and public places in the area, need to be sprayed with medicine. The MLA of Jirang Constituency, today sent disinfectant to all the health centers and public places in the Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
Often their use is inappropriate and is only to cover up the failure of programs due to lack of staff or lack of peace or security.
This is the first time that officials of the ED team have started conducting raids in the homes of Ministers accused of corruption.
He said the state has three phases of service delivery including CHC to look after a population of not less than 80,000, PHC to look after a population of not less than 20,000 and sub- center per 3000 inhabitants.
We understand that these teams of inquiry will have to go without the permission of the Central Government and they cannot escape from that.
Rupang has also asked Bah Nah whether the current MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Paidang, supports him or not. Vincent Pala, 'When we see that he supports us, we don't know what's behind it,' he said. 'Yesterday we were sitting on the platform together at a public meeting in Iewrynghep, Iew Raid. he said that he had been sent.
In this regard, the leaders of the party said that this time they have decided to take a stronger stance against any foreigners who come to work in the area. and without proper certificates, they will not be allowed to work within the area.
What followed was a valuable discussion and the House discussed the words and meanings contained in them, especially the translation into English.
On the opening of the office of HANM, Bah Kharkongor said that this office which was opened today will be a place where you should respect and the members of the HANM should respect. and to be united together.
They were led by Inspector DK Prasad, Officer In-charge, Sadar Police Station and Inspector Pynhunlang Syiem, In-charge, Sadar Police Branch.
Banks should be encouraged to link Aadhar with bank accounts.
Therefore, the farmers because they don't need to trade abroad and need money before the end of the school year and also before the school year. The state government has worked hard to open up roads and facilities for the benefit of the people in the villages.
The registration will start from each village and also the registration on the village walls.
Explaining about the meeting with the DC, they said that Bah Min Makri, who had collected the money, had sent a letter to the DC, which was also a complaint and requested the DC. The DC has given until 25th November, for the payment of the money to the 7 land owners, who have lost their crops after donating their land. for the construction of the Polytechnic.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mairang Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the negligence and misconduct of an Assistant Engineer working in Mairang C&RD Block. O.Nongtdu alleged that this engineer has been torturing the people due to his lack of proper work where many of the works of the people especially those related to NREGS have been stopped. pt.
It has been nearly eight years since the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, announced the launch of the Swachh Bharat Mission from Red Fort, with the aim of making the country free from foreign travel in honor of the Mahatma. Gandhi on his 150th birthday.
The Waheh Shnong, u Waheh Shnong, recalled that on 22nd October 2020, Ramesh Dkhar had killed a woman named (L) Kranti Sutnga, from Tongseng village. She was dragged to a forest area and stabbed from the body, from the neck and from many parts of the body until she died. After this incident, the Dorbar Shnong has issued a statement. The Dorbar Shnong is surprised that within a year, the thief has been released on bail and released from jail. The Dorbar Shnong has since expelled Ramesh Dkhar from the village and ordered the family members not to allow Ramesh Dkhar to come to the village. Ramesh has been involved in the murder of two drivers from Jaintia Hills, which has angered the village, as these crimes of his have brought shame to the village. , to the kur ka jait and to the village and the society as a whole, so they held this rally as a sign of strong opposition to his crimes and demanded and the city shall not be put to death, neither shall he be put in prison for life.
What is this? Are they not robbers and corrupt? VDPs and Rangbah Shnongs, don't take advantage of the lockdown and don't take the power of the law into your own hands.
The song was recorded at Wonder Studio and the music was composed by Distar Syiem and edited by Bakyrshanlang Rynjah.
Khliehriat, Naitung 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, on Tuesday, expressed its concern over the problems faced by the people of Narpuh area in East Jaintia Hills District due to the increasing power outages in the area. The electricity bill of the residents does not match the monthly electricity bill.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Mawphu Hydro-Electric Project (Stage II) to be implemented by NEEPCO has been renamed Kongkhen River or Thieddieng Village. Those affected by this project are from Thieddieng and not from Mawphu.
On the lack of salary of SSA teachers, the RBSU leader said that all this is because the state government does not have the responsibility to improve education in the state as a whole.
The top Life Insurance companies in Q1-FY2024 are ICICI Prudential Life Insurance with 97.9%, TATA AIA Life Insurance with %, and HDFC Life at 96.7%, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance at 93.5%, Max Life Insurance at 86.3%, and SBI Life Insurance at 95.8%.
Shillong, Jymmang 8 : The MLA of East Shillong Constituency, who was sworn in as Minister of State, Shillong, Jymmang 8, has been sworn in as Minister of State. Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has appointed him to look after four government departments.
On the same day, the police chief who shot the child, initially apologized to the child who died in the accident.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 7: After receiving a tip that some drug traffickers were trying to smuggle drugs, the East Jaintia Hills District Police last night patrolled the area. At 12:00 pm, police have arrested two drug traffickers near Petrol Pump in Ladrymbai and seized heroin worth T25 lakh along with small containers and drug injection needles. .
The Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, has left to participate in the Environment Day at two places where he joined hands to plant trees as a sign of the celebration.
“The cost of this road is T.1.18 crore,” she said.
He said FIFA will continue to review and review the transfer system in order to improve transparency. He also suggested that the various unions can also discuss and agree on the payment of players.
He also said that he had no such thought.
In the first leg, Lajong won the Classic FA by 10 goals with Rimankhraw Kharumnuid scoring the first goal.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 26: Ka Zerifa Wahid, a woman from Assam, on Saturday launched the new SUV Mercedes-Benz GLE at Bamaeri Resort in Ri Bhoi District.
“Not only for this school but from the SRWP scheme I have allocated more to improve the schools in the constituency,” he said.
He also expected that the government will try its best to provide the necessary facilities for the development of this training center and hopes to seek more assistance from the Government of India for the construction of more facilities. These training centers across the state to encourage the youth to enroll and train themselves in various fields and to turn to other opportunities such as setting up their own of their works, that their lives may not be in vain.
Phyrnai's love for cycling has been evident since she was a child when she was riding only a three wheeled cycle and from there she will rise in the sport.
“The State Regulatory Board has submitted its recommendation to the Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Education, Prof RC Laloo.
This was announced by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, while addressing the 20th Annual Conference of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA) Region-III held in Shillong on Saturday.
It is for this reason that the Diko leader Purno Sangma is brave enough to accept that all the Lyngngam villages should fall under Garoland to become the land of the Diko.
Of course we are still afraid, but at the same time we pray that the third or fourth wave will not happen.
Prestone said that no one will be allowed to leave the house and all works, shops will be closed and only those who need it will be allowed.
In Maharashtra, 2,933 people have been infected with the virus today and 123 people have died.
But to the Apostle Paul the Gospel is power, not religion but miracles and wonders that happen to this day only if they please God.
The special prize was awarded to another Bihari student, Beronica Lila Rai, who chose Khasi as one of the subjects. In her studies, she obtained Distinction in Matriculation in Khasi subject, and in BA, she took Honors in Khasi subject and also passed in the Khasi language examination. The young woman is a resident of Lawsohtun, she speaks Khasi fluently and she doesn't have any difficulty in speaking Khasi, she speaks Khjasi perfectly.
From Nongstoin to Mairang and Mairang to Nongstoin, the fare will be T.60 per fare, and from Nongstoin to Riangdo or Riangdo to Nongstoin, the fare will be T.60 per fare.
At present, even after the 50th anniversary of the state, Jaintia Hills has not received a single State Level or National Education Institution.
The church in Laodicea was based on people's opinion.
What makes the villager who is dressed in trab more and more, is not only that he has to be looked down upon; However, the doctor's order was, 'Go to Super Care/Robert Hospital, because there is no treatment here.
His dismissal in the 17th over was followed by a few big blows by Prasad, who hit 12 fours in all, to get Tura to 121/7.
He said that AICC Chairman Mukul Wasnik and his team will visit different parts of the state and meet with the people and groups to gather information on the needs of the AICC. Meghalaya in terms of economic development, the demands of the youth and the challenges ahead.
Up to 38 roads across the state have been damaged due to heavy rains in the past months and days which has caused landslides, floods and even the loss of lives. person.
We also support various groups who have come forward to protest against the closure of the festival on Sunday,” he said.
In the afternoon, the message from the Word of God was distributed by Rev. GPL Gadew and both the public services were conducted by the Moderator Elect, Rev. CS Laloo.
These are the duties of the State Government.
When asked whether they support the Congress candidate, the MDC said, “We support the Congress party”.
The incident happened on Saturday when the vehicle carrying the woman stopped on the road due to the crowd of fishermen at Pamphyrnai, West Khasi Hills.
The demand for the review of the reservation policy in the state has intensified as civil society organizations from Jaintia Hills have supported the protest led by the Voice of the People Party (VPP). ) which requires a policy that is not biased.
Now the five SPL clubs can sign players from clubs of other divisions.
Madan-Heh East B came first, Kjatshnong came second and Massar came third.
Finally, KKIIKDE handed over these donations to Ms Suklinshisha to see how to use them.
The program will be held in 28 schools and colleges from 19th July to 31st November, 2015 in East Khasi Hills District to raise awareness on the issues related to marriage and health, child trafficking, drug abuse, child marriage, violence against women and children and other problems.
We urge all to cooperate with the requests of Shri. Narendra Modi, Prime Minister, India who has urged the people to take this preparation as a preparation for a war in which we all have to prepare ourselves. We urge everyone to stay at home and not to leave the village on the 22nd March 2020 from 7 pm to 9 pm. The Prime Minister of India is very important.
He needs to train himself because a person like him, who is educated and who has a position, will still say that.
The report came after some complaints were filed in the High Court against the construction of the towers of Reliance Telecommunications Ltd.
Gladiator is one of the films that has won many Oscars in the past years and the reason is because of the story and the skill of Ridley Scott to direct it.
“What is more shocking is that the police officer of the Prime Minister has immediately charged Bah Mawdoh with murder under Section 307 IPC,” said the KSU. He is the breadwinner of the family to provide for his daily needs, and the Prime Minister should forgive him,” said the KSU. (NKHD) led by its President, Samla Ferdinand Kharkani, Lambok Rymbai, General Secretary, together with members of the party, met with the DC Ri Bhoi, Dr. Pooja Pandey and rejected the letter. They protested against the opening of the Toll Gate of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) at 20 Mer, under the NH-6, in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 16: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 31st October, 2015 has invited applications for the post of Magistrate, Subordinate District Council Court, Shillong. within the 15th June,
Adding on this, one of the resident leaders said that the road was built only for the benefit of a few people and he said that the road was built with small stones.
He has been instrumental in the development of the use of English and Khasi in the service of God.
Even those chiefs who sit in front of each other with a suit and a tai in their hands do not go to worship God.
Randeep Singh Surjewala also expressed his concern over the incident on the Assam-Mizoram border, the shooting on 26th November and then on 17th July. “On Independence Day, a curfew was imposed and the internet was shut down. Governor, too, has been stoned, but where is the Modi government and where is the Home Minister?” Surjewala said that the social peace agreement of the Government of India, which was signed on 3rd July , has turned into a joke, because the NSCN-IM, has refused to recognize the ksiang of the Indian government, saying that the social peace, which the NSCN-IM wants, is too much. the Constitution of India and that the Naga leaders have made it clear that they will never join India.
Rayonald Kharkamni, President of RBDCA, said the purpose of the Talent Hunt is to identify talented cricketers, because for those who really have that talent, they will be selected. to be admitted to the Cricket Academy of Ri Bhoi and others.
The Society would like to thank the K B.A. for their Christmas celebration with the Society and for the sign of their love for the people with special needs, as well as for the part of their expenditure from Cake, food and drink and all gifts.
Jowai, Nailar 22: The Meghalaya Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment today visited Jowai to gather information on the working methods of government departments related to the welfare of women in the West. Jaintia Hills District District.
There can be proxy voting or stealing voting if the election authorities do not take care of their duties”.
“Therefore, the HNYF strongly opposes any attempt by such groups to promote ethnic conflict in the State by committing unnecessary acts of ethnic discrimination, which the Khasi people have become. “We are against the killing of our people whether it is on the border, the shooting by the BSF or the killing of (L) Lurshai Hynniewta,” he said.
Registration: means registration is the registration of information about any part of a person in society; The name is the name given to give life to people.
On receiving the incident, police rushed to the scene and took the deceased to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem. was seriously injured in the accident.
Since the song Naatu Naatu won the Oscar last month, the BJP in Karnataka has taken the opportunity to use the song to attract public support. .
This happened at Umran Dairy, Ri Bhoi District.
The MDA joint candidate said it was wrong to say that the people voted only for the national parties in the Lok Sabha elections. GG Swell (bam kwai ha Dwar U Blei) who is from the Hill Party and who won the MP election is a skilled and hardworking advocate for the people in Parliament.
The MDA Government has abandoned this scheme.
St. Mary's Higher Secondary School came third with 10 medals including 8 gold and one silver and one bronze medal, while Seven Huts Higher Secondary School came fourth with 4 and 3 medals. gold medal and 1 bronze medal.
Revelation 22:6
Maria Ali, her teachers and all those who have helped her in the past.
Cows given alcohol as mentioned above, half an hour later they were able to breathe and three hours later they stood up and wanted water and had to give water to the trees or After 10 days, they can be fed with better grass and other nutritious cattle feed.
“The release of funds by the Government of India for 2022-23 is T.372.36 crore and the State will contribute T.41.37 crore.
Meanwhile, Additional District Magistrate MA Challam has been appointed to take part in the post mortem of the bodies of these prisoners.
After this, the Committee of the Tymmen u San of the Seng Khasi Kmie, to go to the thanksgiving, the prayer, the phirat and the shat ka kheiñ, to ask God the Creator, the Creator, and in these two days of preparation, that the works may go smoothly.
Nongpoh, July 04: To express its gratitude to Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh for the election of Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh as the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC), today Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh from Byrnihat, after his return from Delhi, has been welcomed by the District Block Congress Committee.
Speaking on the occasion, Philander Lyngdoh said that the existence of the AJCA is a blessing to the talented sportsmen to stand on their own feet.
“Many of the people of Mawhati Constituency are still poor and I have witnessed this but how can I solve it as an MDC? “I am sure that I will contest in 2018 so that I can eradicate the poverty of the people if I am in power,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of KSU Mawlai Circle, Biangbor Paliar, said that there are about 500 members from Mawlai Circle. Members of the KSU who will take part in the first protest by sitting near the Additional Secretariat.
The MCCEU has urged the Government to implement the factory in any way so that the workers can get back to work and so that the workers can receive their monthly salary by improving it according to the juk you are now.
When asked where they transport the jhur, some said that if the farmers harvest together on the same day, they harvest in the same place and transport it by Mahindra Pickup to Shillong, but those who harvest a little more. They used to go to the jhur sellers in Nongstoiñ every day.
She said the government has spent about T.200 crore in various areas to assist the affected people.
Conrad said Meghalaya should learn a lot from the ban on coal mining and its impact on income and economic growth and should continue to mine with knowledge and science. without damaging the environment and the surrounding resources of the coal mines.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) is pleased to announce that the NEHU Students Union (NEHU) has joined hands for the betterment of the university.
Although these teams tried hard to score, they could not succeed and the match ended in a draw.
However, the DC said that he and his PSO have been accused of using rude and insulting words even after they tried to explain the incident.
Mawkyrwat, November 23: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, has declared a Dry Day in the whole of South West Khasi Hills District. on November 25, 2023 on the grounds that it is Christmas Day.
The Forum said before the CEM that since the NGT banned the mining and transportation of coal in 2014, theft and crime have increased in Jaintia Hills along with other activities. trade illegal.
In fact, ever since then I did.
So the son of man is Lord even of the Sabbath” Mark 2:27-28.
Bindo also recalled another case in Dimapur in 1989 on the murder of Francis Sangma by the police, in which the Nagaland Government temporarily suspended him. The Gauhati High Court has ordered the police involved in the torture and murder of Francis Sangma to be released from the police station. to his wife as payment of tribute.
Finally, remember that if we have the knowledge and understanding of it that we need to know, we have already gained power, because as a reminder that no political party in power can The Constitution does not allow us to walk freely or live freely as we please to create confusion and problems in society.
In the final match of the first round, Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain, Khliehriat West, Wahiajer NYSSC and Rangad won to secure a place in the quarterfinals.
Through this technique, it is possible to adjust the eyesight while reading, driving, watching television and others.
“This is an easy way for them to make money.
During the inspection, many shortcomings were found such as electricity, medicines, bedding, water, road and others. to the DHS office to provide for the needs of this public health center in the rural areas of West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, Tarun Gogoi said that the state police are now well prepared to ensure that no such incident will happen on or before the Independence Day.
Many parents cannot afford to buy mobile phones for their children.
He said that urban areas need to have public utilities such as street lights, sanitation, and others.
God did not create the earth to be inhabited.
Lydia said. So they both left to go home.
In fact, Laldenga and Indira Gandhi were supposed to meet on the morning of March 31, 1984, but on the morning of that day, she was shot dead by her own bodyguards. .
“If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness” (1 John 1:9).
This was discovered by the BSF who regularly arrest illegal immigrants through the border between the state and Bangladesh.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court today ordered that the Umling bridge should not continue to operate as usual.
According to information received from sources, as soon as the meeting started, the discussion was on the subject called by the government to discuss the entry and exit points and other laws. government pointed out.
King David of the Jews made this city the headquarters of his kingdom.
The Congress leaders from Umroi, who were confirmed on that day, have decided to work harder to win the candidate, whom the party will nominate from this constituency, especially if it is a constituency where the people have always voted for the Congress candidate.
The Assam government's forcible seizure of Khasi land and settlement by Nepalis in the Langpih area has now cooled down. .
Angels from heaven appeared to Joseph, saying, “Don't be afraid to take Mary your wife home, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Spirit.
So instead of drawing one hook they could draw multiple hooks at the same time.
For decades, researchers believed that it might be due to that inheritance on this eye disease.
The public will be allowed to visit ALG near 7 mer, Upper Shillong from 10 am to 4 pm.
Mawkyrwat, November 13: The Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Head of Social Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar who was also the chief guest today. He also inaugurated and cut the ribbon of the Girl's Hostel at Mawkyrwat.
In a letter signed by Charles Rymbai, President and Wanbor Pdang, Secretary, the Seng, which covers all the Khasi Jaintia people in the Barak area of ​​Assam, said that many schools have been closed. Those in the Khasi villages did not teach the Khasi language in schools, but taught other languages.
NESO expresses its regret over the continued bloodshed in Manipur where houses have been destroyed and dozens of lives have been lost.
From the speech of Ma Kyrmen Shylla, it was understood that anyone who is a candidate from the party, must be fully prepared, so that he can be prepared in those days before the polling and reach the goal of the party. success.
“Regarding this order issued by the High Court, we will discuss it first in the Cabinet, then at the MDA meeting and then we will convene an all party meeting if necessary to discuss this issue,” he said. Mr. Prestone.
In the men's category, Nongstoin beat Nongpoh 10-6 goals, Mawsynram beat Jowai 17-9 goals and Dkhiah beat Nongpoh 13-1
Five people were injured in Darrang district of Assam in a landslide, a landslide and other incidents. Besides the houses that have been destroyed by the earthquake, there are also places that have fallen into the ground and been flooded, the report said.
The team, through their hard work and preparation for the competition, has reached the goal of victory and has reached the semi-final round of India's Got Talent (season 5)-2 .
I heard a sermon in a church where the speaker said: Once upon a time there was an elder in a church who stole a cow and put it in a box and went to church before slaughtering it because it was on a church night where he had a program to speak on the subject, “Thou shalt not steal”.
“We don't know how long the sympathy will work but we from the NPP will work hard with the determination to get back Sohiong,” she said.
Therefore, the PHE should improve the distribution of drinking water from Mawphlang and alleviate the problems of the residents.
especially the flesh.
The seminar was held at Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai under the leadership of Dolly Lamare, Asstt.
I don't remember how many songs this friend has composed, but there may have been dozens.
“I would like to pay tribute to Stimac who has been invited to train with us before the away game, it will be an opportunity to learn skills and he has helped us to learn how to hold and carry the ball,” he said.
On the other hand, the two studies by their respective groups have shed further light on how that young blood can provide benefits for the elderly, at least in mice.
Dr Tiwari also invited all the residents including political parties to take part in the Lok Sabha elections with the participation of the youth and the protection of the environment. longkmie in this cleansing.
With this victory, Ladthadlaboh will play against 7 Wasa in the first semi final of Qualifier-1 on the 23rd of this month.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: The 1-Nartiang Block Congress Committee (BCC) has announced that it will hold a membership registration meeting and welcome for some of the elders of the area tomorrow 25th June 2022 at 12 noon. This morning in Namdong West Jaintia Hills.
Tens of thousands of students of the university took part in the procession from in front of the Central Library and ended in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof.PS Shukla to express their demand.
Thus, the special snap of an individual who knows how to behave in relation to others is the identity of someone else.
Another way to relieve traffic jam is to have larger markets like those in Khyndailad in other parts of New Shillong or New Shillong.
Visitors have to bring gifts such as rice, kait and a stick of wood from their homes made of kseh.
My soul was filled with joy at Lanosha for thanking me.
According to the Minister, almost all the development works in the rural areas especially the MGNREGA scheme are managed by the Block, VOs and SHGs. the office space is not suitable.
When the new day came.
This is to inform you that Kong Eriwiar Tongper, resident of Sohkha Mission, West Jaintia Hills, passed away on 07/01/2
He said that the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has set priorities from 2018 until now to bring about economic development and this is no longer the case. Shillong or the cities but the Government will start from the rural areas and bring about this development in the villages.
In nature, mountains, rivers, trees, forests, forests change and do not remain as God has created them.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Banjop Kharryngki, Secretary, Thaiñthynroh Village.
However, Bah Samlin has been able to do it in just four years,” he said.
Speaking to Rupang, the leaders who visited the area today and those who visited in 2013 admitted that the number of people is very low compared to the previous year. perhaps because it was a three-day festival and not in that one year which was held for only one day.
On the other hand, Bah Ernest condemned the NPP for making the FOCUS a scheme of the party and not of the government.
That breeds a lot of failure in whatever they do.
“I promise to cooperate with you in any area to improve the society especially in the prevention of the entry of drugs which affects the families,” he said.
Shillong: The farmers of Niangryngdia in Warmawsaw area, have faced a serious problem in terms of providing food to their Niangryndia, because the crops they have planted specifically for the purpose of The Niangryndia and those known as the 'Sla Khniang' were completely destroyed by the insects which came to eat all these 'Sla Khniang'
This notice of the Dorbar Chnong shall apply to all persons, except Government employees, or any persons appointed or directed by the Government to enter or leave within the boundary of the Dorbar Chnong. village for needs.
When asked whether they will continue their sales tomorrow, they replied that they will come back tomorrow as usual.
“I have decided to contest the MDC election and not to give up my service to the people of the state, but as I have served as President of HANM, I want to continue to serve. It is better for the people as an MDC if the people give me the trust that I will continue to serve the people because as I said the decision to contest this election is to continue to serve the people by “It's a good idea to have a leader in the District Council,” said Bah Lam.
The reason is that in the past many farmers still cultivated krai, sohriew, rice, shriew and other crops that provide food and livelihood to the farmers.
The NIT was called by Hindustan Steelworks Construction Limited, and after examining the applications, Badri Rai Constructions Pvt.
Therefore, the Seng Samla Hima Langrin invites all the parents, youth especially those who have reached the age of 18 years and above to attend the public hearing at the two places.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Dasakhiat said that he is pleased to have been able to provide assistance to the Smit Dorbar Shnong although it is the beginning.
They said that they have lodged a complaint with the Sordar of Laitkroh regarding the stone construction which has damaged the drinking water well and also blocked the road to burn people. The Sordar visited the site on the 6th of November,
The MLA is a legislator to pave the way for the welfare of all the people and not a distributor of tin, power, shuki, kynbor or mercy to the people.
Many of these leaders have not been counted in the HSPDP (as they said) because some of them have held various offices but their offices have now been dissolved. However, they said that they love the HSPDP and want to improve it and for that reason they have not joined any political party.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of Aide et Action expressed their gratitude after the project has gone smoothly and that the women have come to take part for the benefit of the people. They can be obtained from their own organizations and others who can empower women especially in their SHGs.
It was on July 19, 2023, that Vijay kidnapped Maresh to a nearby forest and cut him into pieces and drank his blood while his friend John was drinking. ring video, what happened to everything.
Shillong: The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, through the Minister in charge of the cleanliness of the market, has decided to clean up the garbage on the roofs of the shops. For many months, many shopkeepers in Iewduh have expressed their gratitude to the Dorbar Hima Mylliem as a whole.
Jowai, Nailur 28: The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners' Association (WJHTODA) today led a meeting with the General Secretary of the West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners' Association (WJHTODA). The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to inform them about the problem they are facing due to the overcrowding of speed breakers from Newhill to Mihmyntdu.
This method of employment for the youth is also a way for them to understand themselves and also to educate other youth who are in the backward society.
The 1st Annual Meeting of the Sutnga 14 Khrong Kur will be held on the 25th July 2023 at Khliehriat West Community Hall at 11 am.
This is based on the collection of information on the Stone Quarries and Stone Crushers operating in the State and in Ri Bhoi there are still many Stone Quarries and Crushers. Especially in Rani which is a border village, there is a lot of quarrying and smuggling of stone to Assam which is a huge loss to the government in terms of revenue.
Mebanshan Kharsati of Laitjem was named Player of the Match and Rickystone Nongbet of Hurdles.
She also reminded the Meghalaya government to implement the Risk Insurance Scheme for journalists.
The inspection was conducted following the complaint of the residents of Jirang, who are facing many problems due to the lack of health facilities.
The NPP government, which is now in power in the state, has to follow in the footsteps of Bah Joy, therefore to strengthen the laws of the Sixth Schedule and to demand from the Government of India, to recognize and to respect the requests of the Khasi, Garo people and also to respect the rights of the Sixth Schedule.
Kyrshan Blah said that the union has found that there has been a heavy landslide in the landslide at Sonapyrdi where the NHAI has not taken any action to clean up the road. found that the traffic jam started again from 6 pm where the vehicles stopped in line and caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
The KSU has suggested that the Disaster Management Relief Fund should expedite the provision of relief to the victims of the natural disasters.
The CEO said the Election Department has talked to the BSF to patrol the border while the country is preparing for the elections.
On the night of the 19th, a patient alleged that two doctors who were under the influence of alcohol had threatened and touched him just because he didn't want to sleep because he came just to come. After that, he lodged a complaint with the Shillong Police Station who arrested the two doctors the next day.
He requested the Government to expedite the construction of the Western Bypass Road to reduce the traffic jam.
The Secretaries are Lasky Rymbai, Jambor War, Balajied Rani, Mitchell Wankhar, Winning Sungoh, GG Bung Snaitang, Dr. Aman War, Teinwell Dkhar and Monarch Shabong.
The construction was carried out at a cost of T.151.33 crore on an area of ​​3634 sq.m from the NLCPR scheme, T.136.20 crore from the state government and T.15.13 crore from the state government.
Nearly 50 villages have been affected in the past twenty-four hours and 435 people have been affected.
Rio de Janeiro: Argentina beat Brazil 1-0 in the final of the Copa America to become the country's first title in 28 years.
CHYRMANG: The Jaintia Hills Wildlife Division, Jowai has donated benches, tables, blackboards and chairs to three schools in Chyrmang village. now recognized as a Community Reserve.
Regarding the suspension of the contractors to clean the road, Nistor Nongkseh president of FKJGP Lai Lyngdoh area unit, said that after the people of the area informed the leaders of the union, Through RTI, they have sent a letter to the office of the Executive Engineer and after receiving the reply, they have gone to investigate to find out the truth.
“Give us the facts,” Momen told reporters at the Foreign Ministry yesterday.
“The issue I am most concerned about is the attitude and behavior of the VPP leaders, because people who dare to say that others are wrong and that only they are holy, this shows. that there is something wrong with them.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pidion Lyngdoh Thabah, Acting Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, said that the branch covers 58 villages and the aim is that the entire branch will come to the Hima Sohiong.
The training was inaugurated by Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in the presence of Managing Director Bankitbor Marweiñ at the Auditorium of Kiang Nangbah Govt.
“There are some of the biggest parties who don't want to talk about the reservation policy because there are candidates from Garo Hills, they are threatening the seat and the future of the future generations,” he said.
Referring to the match between Saindur Mihmyntdu and Khliehmuchut Shangpung, the match between the two teams was very friendly and they struggled to score.
Block-I covers an area of ​​537.54 sq km in Ri-Bhoi and Block-II covers an area of ​​1009.88 sq km in Jaintia Hills.
Earlier, according to information received from the government, no one has opened an account at the bank since the implementation of the scheme.
“Earlier, the basic salary of Grade IV employees was 6500 tyngka and now with the new increase it will increase to 17500 tyngka per month,” he said.
The lawyers' office, which is located near the Deputy Commissioner's office, caught fire on Saturday evening.
This has upset the children as they have been left in a state of shock especially those who come from poor and comfortable homes who want to pass matric with the bill.
“But in the middle of that experience, behind it, there are many things that we have never seen before,” said the beloved mother.
“The Indian government planned to attack us 50-60 years ago and now the plan is to attack the people of Bangladesh to turn our country into a playground. the whole of the Northeast.
This allocation also includes the purpose of beautifying the area in a manner that will attract many.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Congress Leader of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP), Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the opposition political parties have decided not to nominate a candidate. The Lamphang should be elected without any contest and this has been done in the past.
God has forgiven you all your sins when he has canceled the written code with its regulations.
“Money can be stolen but knowledge cannot be stolen,” he said.
This is because these dewbilat factories don't have enough equipment to import from outside the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The KHNAM on Tuesday called a public meeting at Madan Student to urge the people to join hands with the funeral home of Bah Adelbert Nongrum. The Government should not pass the Village Administration Bill.
He said the meeting discussed the issues related to the Forest, PHE and MeECL for the relocation of electricity posts.
The new office bearers of the KSU Shnongrim Unit were elected and confirmed on the occasion. Ryntihlang Pyrngap, Organ Secretary, Donki Patwet, Publicity Secretary, Niwan Patwet, Finance Secretary, Iengskhen Pyrngap, were also elected as members of the Executive Committee. five members.
It is for this reason that God, in His great love from eternity, sent His Son into the world to save mankind from sin.
However, the railway line from Byrnihat-Lailad to Shillong has not been completed yet.
Shillong: Shainam Kharumnuid, son of John Kharshiing and an IIM student in Bangalore, is currently in Tokyo for training in the Business Planning for International Markets course. It was attended by 4 IIMB faculty and 60 students.
He added that the championships are under the jurisdiction of the Boxing Federation of India (Boxing Federation of India) in order to select the best boxers to represent the country at the Paris Olympics in next year.
The decision was taken to ban the traffic and standing of the public to the house.
Even when the teachers were a few minutes late for work, Mother Anne never failed to correct them.
Instead of the Central Government strengthening the environmental protection, through this announcement the Central Government has clearly weakened the environmental protection by approving schemes. large affecting accelerated environment in permitting.
Detailed information will be announced by the MLA soon so that the students will know what the requirements are to meet to receive the award.
"The Riewlum people feel that that is the boundary – there is no need to walk slowly into the woods, lest they get lost when they come back.
After passing the entrance examination from Govt.
Because the first Bill according to my understanding mentions or speaks against love.
They were identified as Somison Sangma, 25, General D. Sangma, 23, and Gopal Barman,
You can say that these languages ​​are not official languages ​​in this state.
Satan also makes himself like God.
Pynshe Kyllait scored the third goal for Lamlynti SC in the 22nd, 50th and 70th minutes.
“What remains is only our voices, which will continue to be heard in these hills,” he said.
The winners are completely lost and the winners do and decide as they please.
Because the area is very water scarce, when the MLA went to try to pump the water supply to the village, hundreds of residents of the village came to accompany him with their faces. they smiled.
Although accidents do not happen anymore, these speed breakers affect the vehicles especially the heavy vehicles coming from Nongstoiñ.
This is when the election season comes around.
Four Block Congress Congresses have been formed so far including Nartiang Block Congress led by Sniawbhalang Dhar, Umroi MLA led by Ngaitlang Dhar, Mairang MLA led by Ngaitlang Dhar and Mawkyrwat led by Sniawbhalang Dhar. Mr. Rowel Priest.
After being thanked in this way, he said that he will go to explain to all the villages of Pynursla that they should not elect Bah Prestone again because it will destroy the election. the future of the region and of all the youth.
I asked him where he was.
Earlier, the government had said that the central government has sent more four buses to the state but it has not helped the people.
Not only that, the VPP, which is a newly formed party, is now well prepared to contest the 2023 MLA election.
I don’t want to stress myself out in sports because it could affect me.
He said that if the Syiem and the government cannot resolve this issue, the loss will be to the beef farmers because the farmers will not be able to increase the price of beef. Shillong, July 12: The UDP's support for the PDF in the KHADC has not been to support itself but has been requested by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. “When we see the issues that the CEM has taken, we also support as he has requested us from time to time, but we also have a discussion. “It's not like we're going to be able to do that without talking to the CEM,” said Bah Teiñwell Dkhar, UDP leader in KHADC.
It should be remembered that although this hospital is run by the Central Government but it is still in Meghalaya and the owner of the house has the right to speak out if the benefits do not come to him.
Thus, “If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him” (1 John 2:15).
The JAC-HJ under the leadership of Bah O Thagngkhiew President and Bah M Sangkli Secretary stands firm on one ground according to the complaint against the Syiem submitted to the EM I/C of KHADC. The court has sent a letter of confirmation to the EM, KHADC.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning as the chief guest, Bah EK Lapang as the chief guest, Bah Successfull Lyngdoh Rangbah Shnong in the presence of Nangshai VO leaders and other dignitaries.
The remains of Parida were brought from Meghalaya to Bhubaneswar on Friday evening.
Shillong: Twenty-five villages across Garo Hills have received T.6 crore under the Green Meghalaya Scheme, said Chief Minister Conrad Sangma. in the state, you can write on your twitter page.
I hope that one day this festival will be known as one of the State Festivals,” said Ma Shullai.
The work started on 12th June and was completed on 19th June 2021 and handed over to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
“There are those who say that the Congress party does not love the people. If so, will the central government set up the North Eastern Council and it is through the rule of the Congress that we are still celebrating as Scheduled Tribes.
On the other hand, Shakina Academy beat United 12 by 38-22 points.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the drugs were worth more than Rs 2 crore.
About the history of Israel God has spoken from the beginning because He is God, He knows beforehand.
The project was implemented by the Keystone Foundation, Tamil Nadu and NESFAS, Shillong with the assistance of the Indigenous Partnership from Rome.
On the other hand, they also thanked the Ri Bhoi Synod and the staff of the orphanage, for being quick to hold and hug the children and this is part of the service to the people. “It is the service of God that the party is still willing to do many good deeds according to the strength of the party,” they said.
Besides, the government doesn't know what the living files and dead files mean.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Raid Mylliem, together with the Lyngdoh Raid and the chiefs of the Sankur, One Kur, will hold the Raid at Mawnarian and Lum Shyllong, which will start on the 18th June and end on the 18th June. on January 23rd at 9am.
We know that Israel's greatest enemy from ancient times to the present is Iran.
These elderly and disabled voters use Form 12 D to vote from home.
These 509 square miles of land fall under the Inner Line Reserved Forest which has been notified according to the BEFR.
Also present on the occasion were the General Manager, Deputy General Manager, Senior Manager of HR Department, Doctors and employees of NEEPCO Umrangro, General Secretary, President of KHEPAPA West Bank and members of NEEPCO Umrangro. .
The Dorbar Shnong Bakur, Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District has announced that it will hold a cleanliness drive on the 12th November from 9.00 pm.
He said that the BJP should be a people centric party.
The number +919720879665 belongs to Bah Kamlang Lyngdoh who works as a police officer and is currently in Delhi of IRBN. Dehradun, Selaqui International School, the source said.
According to sources, it was said that the foreigners have been allowed to stay in these areas because they have received authority from the ministers or the Syiem of Mylliem.
The projects launched by the MLA include the projects of the Soil & Water Conservation Department, the water treatment plant at Sangmeiñ, the footbridge at Dong Sohra and There is also a water tank in Lummawbah.
On the other hand, Dr Buam said that today, he went to Wah Lakroh, but the BSF, whom he knows well and who used to work with him from time to time, but today, they investigated. , in which he said, “They interrogated me as if I were a Bangladeshi.
In the mixed doubles, Ribhalang Passah and Deilangwao Nongpluh beat Emilanadaka Chyrmang and Hrisami Passah 21-18 and 21-1
The problem comes to different villages who need many necessities not only rice but others like soap, jympruid, jain, juti, bolt lait and others.
The Minister also met with the family of Singhania and expressed his condolences on the incident and acknowledged the hard work of the Army, Police, Fire Brigade and various groups involved in the incident. this is what happened.
Umroi has rejected Bah George Lyngdoh, the leader, skilled leader and lawyer of the state assembly.
“The purpose is that the Karbi have set up that gate so that they can take over the Khanduli and there is no doubt about that,” said Bah Passah.
In Ribhoi District, there is one new case.
Patients will benefit from various modern treatments.
He said that the cess imposed for the education sector is from the collection of petrol diesel, coal and coal.
Mawkyrwat, June 20: The Ranikor Block Level Inter-School Athletics Meet 2023 was inaugurated by Bah BJ Kharshandi, MCS, SDO. (C) of Ranikor Civil Sub Division, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest in the presence of Bah D.Syngkon, District Sports Officer, Ranikor District.
The MP gave a scheme for the construction of a Secondary School Building and a footbridge, the MLAs received a scheme for the construction of a footbridge, a Dorbar Hall, a CGI sheet, a house repair scheme and the MDCs received a scheme for the construction of a footbridge. feet, build a playground.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Central East Circle, Pynursla has organized a football tournament on 16th June,
From 2021 to 2022, it was found that the names of those who have received this scheme have been written by hand, that is, there are 1200 farmers who have received 12,000/- tyngka per farmer.
On receiving information about the incident, the SP of West Jaintia Hills also rushed to the scene of the Assam police.
According to the verdict, Rahul will not be able to contest elections for five years unless the verdict is overturned by the Supreme Court.
The Deputy Chief Executive Member (KHADC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, who is also the Congress MDC from Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, said that the district council will take care. amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
She said that her party has ruled the state since it got independence in 1972, but many development projects are lacking such as roads, health centres, employment opportunities and others. This shows that the Congress has treated the state as it has treated other states like Maharashtra, Haryana, Jharkhand, Delhi and Jammu and Kashmir.
The Chairman of the MPSC said that so far there has been no arrangement from the government and the Commission will take the necessary action if there is a directive from the government on this issue. topic.
, “The prophet that teacheth lies is the tail” (The Prophets teach lies, he is the tail).
This action of Dharmu angered them.
The NHRC's order came after the Meghalaya government sent a letter to the NHRC to investigate the deaths of seven people, including four Khasi, while another He was arrested on 22nd November 2022 by the Forest Guard Officer of Assam at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Rahul Gandhi on Thursday was suspended from the Lok Sabha, a day after a court in Surat sentenced him to two years in jail over the incident. insults against him for criticizing the Modi clan.
These days, we hear and read about those genes that distinguish one race from another from the skin, the hair and the appearance, not only in India but in the world as a whole.
“We don't need money, but we just need writings from you to help us and words of encouragement to us as the father of the constituency,” he said.
The Traffic Branch has one Inspector, five Sub Inspectors, five Head Constables and 38 Constables.
These include East Garo Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 1, East Khasi Hills 3, Ri Bhoi 5, South West Garo Hills 1, South Garo Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills
“The goal of the Ministry is to protect the rights of children, the right to education and the right to health.
Besides these, in Assam there are other tribes called 'desi' and another tribe called 'jaldhupi'
The theme of this year's World Kidney Day is “Kidney Health for All.
The future of our State depends on the quality education we provide to the children and the Government must fulfill its promise to make education a priority in Meghalaya,” he said. Great.
This assistance of the Mission from time to time is a great support to the poor families especially to the children who are in dire need of assistance at this time.
These persons and the drugs were seized during a search of the bus in Nongpoh.
After the police managed to curb the incident, a curfew was declared in the entire Chokpot Block.
Parts of the Falcon 9 reportedly crashed near Seattle last month and in Washington.
Therefore, regarding the social settlement of the boundary in the three areas in West Khasi Hills, where the one village under the Nonglang Sirdarship which has been forcibly relocated to Assam, Thousands of members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council West Khasi Hills (HYC) West Khasi Hills District today held a march in Nongstoin in which thousands of members of the party along with Khasi and Garo people from the border took part.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong Mookyrdup, West Jaintia Hills District has released the lucky draw tickets for the Dorbar Shnong Mookyrdup Village Council. part to be held on the day of the fete on 12/4/1
“In the implementation of the GSWSS scheme, the PHE has prepared the DPR without taking into account the distance of the quarries and shyiap for the implementation. The scheme has cost Rs 1.71 crore.
Replying to a question by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, Sangma said that the MoU will not be discussed at all.
“About 80,000 to 90,000 youths of the state have missed out on witnessing the Monolith Festival just because the KHADC holds it during the months when they have to sit for the SSLC and HSSLC. “It can be held only in November-July or in the last part of October-June,” said many of the residents.
Let us also take the example of one of the hill tribes in the North East of India, the Nagas, who have not been able to become Indian citizens and sometimes struggle to get Indian citizenship. They understood the uniqueness of their own nation and did not want the nation to be overwhelmed by the rulers of mainland India.
In addition, it is prohibited to bring pigs, tar equipment, meat, food items for animals and medicines from the Veterinary Office, which have been used in the affected area.
At this annual meeting, there will be speeches by many of the leaders of the Kur, as well as songs and dances especially by the youth of the Kur in Bangladesh.
“This person should be imprisoned or imprisoned for life and no one from the family should go to bail or the policeman should go to fight the case of this person. and if there are, they are the murderers and they should bear the burden of this incident,” said a woman from the Kharbuki clan.
The Minister said that according to the directive of the Human Rights Commission, the State needs to establish its own Directorate of Forensic Science Laboratory so that it can function independently.
Shillong, July 24 : U Minister and Spokesperson of the Government of Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Government does not recognize the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) as an 'enemy'
On the first day, 5 persons were released from Mihmyntdu and on the second day, 4 persons were released from different places.
The tournament was held as part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of Bah AL Hek as the Leader of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency.
If the Kharmetor have become the owners of the land in Them Iewmawlong (Them metor), let them prove their ownership of the land before the law.
The new office bearers of the party in Mawphlang include Bevan Lyngdoh as President, Vice-President – ​​Jeff Lyngdoh, General Secretary – Anderson Syngkli, Joint Secretary – Batei Kurwar, Asst.Secretary – Banet Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary – Jerry Synrem, Asst.Organizing Secretary – Andy Synrem, Publicity Secretary – John Nongbet, Asst.Publicity Secretary – John Hujon, Sport Secretary – Khrawborlang Phira, Asst.Sport Secretary – Pitystar Marbaniang, Social & Cultural Secretary – Goerge Marbaniang, Education Secretary – Bansadindur Donmon Asst.Education Secretary – Micky Passah, Environment Secretary – Joshua Marbaniang, Asst.Environment Secretary – Bebaiong Lyngdoh and Discpline Secretary – Skenly Khymdeit.
On the opening day, the Governor in his speech touched upon all the government departments on what they have done and what the government intends to continue to do in the 2020-2021 fiscal year.
The struggle with wisdom will be a strong and lasting force.
Khliehriat July 08: To strengthen the work of the party in various fields for the welfare of the community, villages and townships, the East Jaintia National Council today launched another The President of the East Jaintia National Council, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, has confirmed the office bearers and members of the party. in Christchurch West.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Bah Peter Challam, resident of Laitkor village and former Muktiar of the Shillong Bar Association (SBA), on Friday announced that he will contest the Lok Sabha election Shillong Seat as an Independent candidate.
Nongstoiñ, March 6: The Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency has become stronger and more encouraged with the participation of youth in all the villages especially in the Muliang area.
Police strongly suspected that a gang, not a terrorist group, was responsible.
Shillong, Lber 28: Five civil society organizations in Jaintia Hills including the KSU-JHDU, AJYWO-Sengkmie, HNYF-EJZ, FKJGP-KC and SRS-EJH have prepared another protest against the government. the lack of confidence in the government and NHAI to repair the NH-4
Other demands include the full implementation of the muster rolls and also to abolish the recommendation of the 5th Pay Commission to abolish the muster rolls.
In the second half, Laitlum FC tried hard to score and the game became more interesting.
"His writings are hope even in the face of death; to struggle to find the 'Meaning of Life'
The classroom was funded through the MDC Scheme, Excluded Area for the year 2019-2020 in the presence of Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh, the Rangbah of the Makdoh Kur and others.
On the other hand , the President of JNU , in connection with the robbery of Balen Thubru , demanded that the law should arrest him immediately and also those involved and should punish them according to the law These robbers, besides violating the NGT Act, at the same time injured the journalists.
Quoting from the speech of the Prime Minister, Bah Charles said that the ownership of land will remain with the owners regardless of whether it belongs to any state. Will the Assam Government accept the dulir and pata issued by the Syiem or the District Council of Meghalaya when the land no longer falls under the jurisdiction of Meghalaya?
Seven groups took part in the parade and the celebration was held at the ground of Nativiti Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Nongstoin, Lber 29: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin, on Tuesday said that the PWD road in Nongstoin township has been destroyed by the people. Arun Kumar Kembhavi, IAS, has given them 7 days to resign.
The meeting was conducted by MPYC General Secretary Rikut N Parien in the presence of MPCC I/C Jaintia Hills. He urged everyone to work together in a spirit of unity to strengthen the party so that it can stand firm again in the state to serve the people.
After the arrest of the suspect, the police asked him about his movements and he said that he intended to leave home with his wife who was being treated at the hospital. NEIGHRIMS, Shillong, on board an Air India plane, but after the bullet was found in his pocket, his plan to leave for Mizoram was thwarted.
Shillong: The Deputy Inspector General of the Border Security Force (BSF) Shillong Frontier, Parveen Bakshi, today said that the BSF troops are vigilant and working hard to maintain peace and order. in border regions.
Currently, this hospital does not treat those who are sick and does not provide medicine to those who do not receive medicine.
He asked why the MDCs did not mention the decision taken by Bah Titos alone.
Azad founded the party in 2000 with the participation of prominent poets Amrita Pritam, Bollywood singer Maya Govind, Padma Shri Padma Sachdev, Padma Shri Prabhjot Kaur and founder. Indiara Goswami and other great thinkers.
She and her husband are very busy providing for the family – food, clothes – school fees and so on.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The State Government today discussed the state of law and order in East Jaintia Hills District.
He also alleged that when it comes to Assam, the Assam government does not register the land of the people living on the border and therefore, he asked if the Assam government can do so. Meghalaya has not registered the people in the state.
Five persons were arrested and two pistols were recovered from them.
Outside there is also a pool, Crinoline Pool and a sunbathing area.
The Director of Health Services (MI), Dr Aman War, said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken great care to provide the necessary facilities at the CHCs and PHCs, although the number of cases in the state has increased. take it all.
The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has announced that the results of the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination (HSSLC), 2023 or Class XII of Science, Commerce and Vocational Stream will be released on Tuesday. -Two, that is, January 9, 2023.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Samborlang Diengdoh and Bah Nobitson Kharlynnai, elders of the area, in the presence of Bah Bandari Ryntathiang President of CoRP, TULBA leaders and others. old.
We have gone on this basis and we have put these words (in the Anthem) on the basis of the Official and Associate Official Language”.
And Kroilar chickens were distributed to 30 righteous people.
It is worth mentioning that the students who went to write the CUET examination at NEHU last month have faced many problems after the alleged inconsistencies in the conduct of the examination. you exam.
The amendments will create elected village and municipal councils to strengthen democracy from the ground up.
Regarding the weight bridge, the Chief Minister promised to talk to the Transport Minister on the need to install the weight bridge according to the requirements of the industry.
You are not MH Dkhar, Ad.
“To eradicate cancer, it is necessary to find out from the beginning, who is affected by this disease because it is necessary to treat this disease from the days it starts to spread in the body,” he said. said Dr. Ampareen.
Shillong: The National Students' Union (NSUI) Ri Bhoi Unit today held a program to honor Kong Lakyntiew Syiemlieh at Lumumpih village in Umsning.
“The central government is trying its best not to implement the ILP in the state. Do you think if there is no strong demand from the state, it will implement it,” he asked.
Early access to treatment in this regard will help reduce the number of deaths.
Your nature has been destroyed.
On the 8th September 2019, at 10 pm, there will be a Mass of the Holy Eucharist by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh DD, Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai. part of the various parishes of the Diocese.
Even in the states where the Congress has formed governments like Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka where other parties have ruled, it has been in power for a while.
Kishlay Vishlux (17 runs) and Angkit Tamang (19 runs) were followed by 264 runs before the end of the innings.
Bin pa bin told me in detail how she went to live with Rida's father, who was my brother.
Khliehriat, November 22: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) in Khliehriat, Khliehriat, has received a complaint from the residents of the area regarding the darkness or lack of electricity at Bataw PHC. SBYWA under the leadership of Samla Namphrangmi L.Talang Genl.
Shillong, Naitung 20 : The State Government has appointed a Task Force to develop measures to address the problems caused by garbage in Jowai, the capital of West Jaintia Hills District.
To the candidates and followers who have the right attitude and are responsible for holy works.
The competition is one of the opportunities for the participants to develop their driving interests by taking part in such competitions. juh long every year in Goa.
They also said that they want the government to introduce the Science Stream and the Commerce Stream as there is only the Arts Stream. “It will provide services to the poor families who cannot afford to travel to Shillong,” said Samla Khongrymmai while demanding that the government should provide services to the poor families who cannot afford to travel to Shillong. it did other colleges.
On these issues, Andy SP Talang, has prepared to contest the election from Bataw Lakadong and he has not thought of any party, because he has to walk along the road before meeting with the party. that public.
When contacted by the NPP, Bah Kanang declined to comment, but will wait until he sees whether the MLA of the area will join the NPP. India and held at the Jio Convention Centre, Mumbai on Friday evening attracted many filmmakers, directors, producers as well as film stars this year.
With this victory, the Japanese women will have to face the United States or Sweden in the quarter finals.
the stone of Mawsngi and the 5th.
He expressed his satisfaction that thousands of supporters have come to join the party and their joining will be an inspiration for the leaders. of the Circles, District and also the Central Body for their hard work in making this day a successful programme.
The church groups are the Presbyterian Church and the Trumpet Church (or Church of God) – follow a few of the old religion and according to the tradition of Paieid, we (Late) Rojoral Lyngdoh.
Speaking to media, u Bah Embhahlang Shadap, expressed his regret over the closure of his parking lot by saying that the police on the morning of 20th March, come to issue an order, and ban and put up no parking boards in the area, even if your documents are proper.
Announcing the list of candidates, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said they include Bipul Ch Sangma from Rangsakona constituency, Subankar Koch from Selsella constituency, Julius T Sangma from Tikrikilla constituency, Sushil Goyeri from Raksamgre and Teseng A Sangma from Siju-Rongara constituency.
In the story itself it does not mean that Syntu Ksiar is a golden flower, but it means that the good deeds of Syntu are as precious as gold.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body (JYF) has sent a petition to the Meghalaya High Court on Wednesday. within the State.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: The increase in crime in these days across the state, has frightened and frightened the people not only while traveling but even when they live inside the villages.
When the council approved, the British were allowed to build the road through a treaty with David Scott in
Nongpoh, Nailar 28: The UDP has won the ticket for Samla Sunshine Makri from Umsning Constituency in the upcoming elections. The President of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that the ticket will be given to the people.
Referring to the post of Chief Minister, Sanbor said that Bah AL Hek cannot admit himself to take over the post, but it will be the BJP leaders from Delhi and especially Himanta Biswa Sarma. They shall not take the decision of who shall take the post of Prime Minister.
If a man is willing to ask and thank the LORD for what he has received, it will be the beginning of wisdom.
The media shall not accept or publish any advertisement paid for by public money advertising the achievements of the political party or government in power.
It is not known where they live, where they sleep, who gives them land, who gives them work; Many of those who provide land and employment are Khasi themselves in shops, factories, contractors who are willing to employ them.
I have no authority to dwell in this part of the world except the command that has come from the Lord to teach the nations of the earth and this nation is without a teacher.
Shillong, July 7: Hynniewtrep Combine Sports Club (HSC) on Saturday lost to Promising Sports Club 2-0 in the first leg of the 2013 Open Tournament. Kyntiew Youth and Cultural Club held a meeting at Malki Stadium on Thursday.
During the visit of Bah Paul to Bengaluru, it is understood that they also discussed the number of people from Meghalaya who are studying and working in Bengaluru. don't be afraid.
“All my friends have left the Congress party. “All my friends have left the Congress party. Now I don't want to criticize the Congress party. to speak only for oneself and not to point fingers at others,” said Bah Manstudy.
Jowai, July 30: Police of West Jaintia Hills District, after arresting Jimmy Sutnga in the past few days, on Tuesday at 3 pm, arrested another snar trafficker. Sdangki Myrphet was arrested in Jowai.
This plant does not tolerate drought.
“I have asked Bah Gavin Mylliem to join the NPP. “I have asked him, as president of the PDF, to dissolve this party and join the NPP because of the “It's not a national party, but the hatred, the hatred has entered them,” he added.
“This is the beginning of HITO to come forward against the government and we have given time to the government within two months to remove these garbage. to provide adequate garbage dumps, otherwise the union will take another more difficult step”.
Shillong: The FKJGP under the leadership of Bah Elton Warjri President EKH and Reginald Thabah Asstn.
Why don't you prepare us to believe in you and die? Why don't you tell us the truth that we don't dare to fight against you?
Paiabanteiskhem Bhoi scored the first goal in the 33rd minute for Sein Pynbhalang.
“It is only knowledge and it is not a matter of the government but it is a matter of the country as a whole,” Conrad said.
Admitting that no development work should be stopped, Conrad said, “This is the reason why we have continued to monitor with Assam when there are complaints that works have been banned.
The other two away matches will be against Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh.
The reports have been submitted to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, who will take a decision whether to lift the containment order.
FC Shullai, General Secretary, said that he had met with the Director of School Education and Literacy on the 12th of this month. Shullai also informed all the secretaries of schools to prepare the U/Cs, deeds of acceptance and other requirements as usual in the First Quarter.
The Indian Constitution states that “every government servant is a public servant”.
The days of suffering of the HYNNIEWTREP people have begun.
May there be many Phan Nonglait from the young women and from the longkmie who are rich in our Khasi country who start from their homes to serve the country and the nation.
In the second half, Lawmali FC scored the second goal in the 55th minute through Banganson Nongphlang but in the 73rd minute, Nongumlong FC scored the second goal through Lastborn Nongbri. Richmon Buam scored Lawmali's third and second goals, which was also the winning goal.
“If there is any misunderstanding, if there is such a member, they should come directly to him or the President of the party for clarification rather than going to the media”.
This is the second time that India has won a gold medal in the CWG, after Mirabai Chanu won the 49 kg category. on Saturday.
Jowai, Naitung 18: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) today held a meeting to discuss the issue of truck owners and drivers. Biangshwa Shylla has been elected as the new President.
At present, Shillong (Umroi) Airport is suitable only for small aircraft such as ATRs and Bombardiers.
Sutnga said all the employees of the department in Tura, Jowai, Williamnagar and others have been directed to take part in the strike.
The NPP has said that this time it will lead the ruling party in GHADC in collaboration with the UDP, BJP and other anti-Congress MDCs as well as the MDCs who will win as independent MDCs.
However, they cannot afford to pay so much, so they said that they have only 50,000 in the pla and will give it if they need it.
It is on this basis that the question arises – Are the C&RD Block only for Political Parties? According to some residents, when they go to the C&RD Block, the employees of the Block ask – Are you in your party? If the people say that they belong to a party that is not in government or if they do not support the winning leader, then those Block Workers don't speak well.
“We don't agree with the explanation on the proposal for bio-metric enrollment.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Gavin Mylliem, President of the PDF, said, “This meeting is to get the approval of each and every member to join the NPP”.
The Kur Ryntathiang also invites other members of the Kur to follow their example to think, think and do anything with a pure heart especially in promoting the reputation of the family. , the Kur, the Jait and the Jaidbynriew as a whole.
As part of this celebration, TWE Music School will hold a concert entitled “Scaling Heights Parks 2019” where the famous Meghalaya band Snow White will perform at the Scaling Heights Parks. this day.
Because of Niakha's words, she decided to ask her mother to go to the market. “Let me go to the market to meet Niakha...” Rida asked. “Then yesterday she said how to come out...” Rida replied. “Then even if she says no, she will leave...” She turned to KmieShiphang. The mother would not let her son go.
Ri Khasi Jaintia is one of the mountainous states in the northeast of India.
However, if the opportunity is still open, it should work according to the present age, with the technology of science, so that the waters can survive, the animals can survive and humans can survive. , said the leader of the organization.
The driver of the vehicle, Gilbert Eddie Kharbithai, was injured and was first taken to Umsning CHC and later to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
The NEC Shillong, the Department of Tourism, Planning and Arts and Culture of the State have been involved in the event.
Speaking to reporters, the brother of the owner of Cherishsterfield, Granary Starfield Thangkhiew, said that the family is still waiting for the report of the Judicial Inquiry. Government to conduct a thorough investigation into the shooting incident.
The strike at Mot Kiang Nangbah has been going on for about 10 months, not counting the protests in other places, said the teacher.
Nongpoh, November 06: With the aim of strengthening the UDP party in Ri Bhoi and in preparation for the upcoming elections 2023 in the state, the Working President of the UDP Ri Bhoi and MDC of Nongpoh, U Bah Balajied Rani today encouraged the leaders of the UDP Youth Wing to work hard to strengthen the party in the 2023 elections. He won the election in all three constituencies.
“The allegation that the Rangbah is a 'Menshohnoh' is just a reason to kill people and it is also to say that it is only the work of the forest people,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
The following drinks can help with good sleep: Milk mixed with shynrai : According to doctors, drinking milk mixed with shynrai can help provide benefits on getting a good night’s sleep.
Many government and private companies have been established in this area.
He said that the EC has accepted the decision not to close down those who are already in existence.
On the other hand, the farmers who attended the meeting expressed their satisfaction to have a farmers' association so that they can convey their grievances to the government.
He said that those who have already been trained, get only a tree that turns ksai but they find it difficult to get ksai and other tools.
Marianna Mazzucato, an economist, says,
He said that he wants the FSI in the Civil Area of ​​the SCB to be converted into the FAR and this is very important because Shillong is a mountainous area. don't have a place to cum wei pat to improve.
You can also submit your complaint to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) office.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today advised the public of China to be vigilant against the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19). The spread of covid
As Block-I is still in the midst of border dispute and ownership dispute, the HBDRF and the Mowjem Village Leaders have requested the District Chief to take action to bring about this issue. to maintain peace and order and to establish an accurate border as it has been since ancient times and according to historical writings.
Even now she has been able to enter the house,” said Ksan's father.
Bah Marngar praised the great works of poet Soso Tham. 'The Khasi translation of other books from across the sea has become a treasure trove of information that has been read from generation to generation in schools'
“The people of Jowai should not waste their votes and should not cast their votes for a party that has no meaning (TMC), which cannot do anything for them in the future.
Upgrade Marketing Group has signed a 10 year contract with this young man who is one of the young MMA players from our state.
Boko MLA Nandinta Das said that there are about 500 Assamese working in Meghalaya especially in Shella area. Difficult to return home due to curfew and riots in Meghalaya.
They also confessed that they helped Sengbath Shira to dig a hole to bury each of the two men.
The bus will return to Dhaka on the first day and will pass through Shillong.
However, at present, the opposition parties, the Congress and the Trinamool Congress (TMC), have only five members while the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has four members. which calls to the number to get the Leader of the Opposition.
On the same day, he also inaugurated two schools in the civil sub-division, Pedaldoba Govt Aided Secondary School and Raksamgre Higher Secondary School.
Shillong, Nailur 11 : The Principal of Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai has apologized to the Director for the performance of the VPP song about Prah.
From My Husband From My Children, Brothers & Sisters From Brothers and Sisters I Pa.
They said that they are afraid that the area will become a hub for illegal trade in other goods, such as Phensidyl, firearms, drugs, and others which will affect even the country. The society and the peace of the villages because as they often hear that most of the time when there are smuggling centers there is also the insecurity of women and children who go to the fields.
Nongpoh: After the confirmation of the new leaders of the Seng Samla Nongpoh Pyllun, which was held yesterday in Nongpoh, the new office bearers of the Seng Samla Nongpoh Pyllun, have taken a decision to fight against the illegal entry of foreigners and especially mynder.
This was announced by JC Diengngan, President of the South West Khasi Hills Mini Owners and Exporters Association.
The Minister of State and MLA of the constituency, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, inaugurated the Collective Marketing Center (CMC) built through the Integrated Village Cooperative Society (IVCS) at Shkenpyrsit.
He said that the three organizations have expressed their gratitude to the residents of Shallang for their willingness to work together on this issue. Our goal is that the Shallang Market will belong to our brothers and sisters and not to foreigners who have died for thousands. year.
There were no injuries or injuries at the trade fair.
The traffic jam ranges from households, shopping complexes, government offices, private offices, restaurants and shops that open every day.
It is understood that the KSU members alone will attend the protest more than 1,000 people. It is estimated that when counting with other Sengbhalang including the FKJGP, HNYF and others, it will reach more than 2,0 The venue of the protest will be filled.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress on November 28, 2013, has expressed its opposition to the directive issued by the BJP-ruled Assam government on the census of the construction of new Christian churches.
Although there was no Syiem in the Jaintia Hima because it had become a British Area, Dr. John Roberts felt that the Jaintia Hima had within the boundaries of the same nation.
Shillong: The Union of Chiefs, Owners and Workers of East Khasi District including Mylliem, Laitkroh, Laitlyngkot and other villages under Sohra and Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, They requested the Government to release the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules (MMCR) from the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules (MMCR). 2016.
On the Lok Sabha MP elections, he said the party will discuss in the coming months.
Sema said another problem facing Nagaland is in the state health department, where 40% of the employees are in technical posts and 60% are in technical posts. employees working in non-technical posts.
If the government remembers to implement the Meghalaya Essential Service Act to end the strike, the employees of GVK EMRI also demanded that the government should take their job as an essential service. .
Nongpoh: On the issue of getting Schedule Tribe Certificate, which has been faced by the children of foreign women, who have brought Rang Khasi from other places and to live with them, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC of Nongpoh, he has convened a meeting with all the Hima, Raid and Village Leaders in the Nongpoh Constituency, to discuss the issue.
The report said that the man was bitten and dragged by a shark from his boat on Thursday last month inside the Everglades National Park. Florida while the man was leaning on the back of the boat to wash his hands.
Residents passing through Mawtawar said, “We are surprised that this road in our village is full of dabor all along the road.
Bishesh Chettri tied for 30 while Benedict Makdoh took 2/1
They value their works more than doing the commandments of the Lord Jesus Christ.
In science, you cannot believe without proof.
“I have written to the Speaker of the House to request him to look into the provisions of the Act to amend it,” he said. State Bank Of India (SBI) is located in Shillong.
Wanpher S.Wahlang, Publicity of the RBYF, said that the RBYF feels that Ri Bhoi has been neglected from time to time, therefore at such a time they would like to demand from the MDA government. , that it should appoint one of the MLAs in Ri Bhoi who should be on the list of Ministers.
Shillong: U Sohra MLA Gavin M Mylliemngap on Tuesday said that the rainwater from Sohra has flowed to Bangladesh because there are no facilities to use it properly.
Mebansan Sangma and James Anderson Kharlyngdoh from South West Khasi Hills District will compete on the 13th November, 2022 to compete in the 48th National. The Aquatic Championship Junior Category will be held at the Biju Patniak Swimming Pool-cum-Sports Complex Kalinga Stadium, Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Saturday set up its new office in one of the dead and lost areas in Jaintia Hills, Labang Nongphyllut, on the Assam-Meghalaya border.
Not only nature, but people are still righteous, upright and well-founded.
He said that the Academic Council itself has already approved only the first semester and second semester to follow the NEP, but the other semesters have not been prepared yet.
The fish trader was identified as Mofidul Islam of Krishnai in Goalpara.
Civil Defense and Home Guards.
The coal factory that collapsed was owned by M/S Druk Fuels Ltd.
Earlier it was 40 meters but now it has been increased to 27 metres,” said Conrad.
Mewankitbok M Kharpuri was named Player of the Match.
The Forum demands that the Meghalaya government should take immediate action and close down the stadium completely and not use it until the boundary is cleared.
As mentioned above, the forest owner sees, knows and understands that the forest products belong to him.
On the part of Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, Head of the Diocese of Shillong, he expressed his gratitude to the spiritual leaders who started the Mawbri Diocese from Rev. Jacob Alluckal and Rev. Thomas Manjally as the synrop in Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh of the Diocese of Shillong.
Banteidor said that there are many secondary schools in Mawkynrew area and they have produced many students who pass the SSLC examination every year but most of them drop out to continue their studies because of They don't have the opportunity to go to school in Shillong due to the lack of income.
In his speech, the Chief Guest praised the NYDA for taking steps to implement various programs for the benefit of the community and urged it to continue working. shit in the days to come.
At this meeting, the leaders of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) expressed their dissatisfaction with the fact that many of their demands have been rejected.
He said that the KSU cannot help the villages or people with money but it can provide assistance through activities related to the welfare or benefit of the community of the village and the nation. hi all.
)27 Iaiong – vs Chennai Super Kings (7:30 p.
Others went to SANKER in Mawlai Mawroh which was led by Dr Sandi Syiem.
In these years that the BJP has been in power, that is, since 2014, we have seen this allegation coming out from time to time.
Many of the households in this village have suffered from food shortages and are already poor.
The Nongthymmai Cricket Sub-Committee will hold the 2-day Nongthymmai Open Tennis Ball Cricket Tournament 2023 on the 8th and 9th June
At the same time, the village has lodged a complaint at Mawkyrwat Police Station regarding the incident.
However, there is a slight lack of clarity or perhaps, there is also a longer-term lack of thinking of the government and that is, that the supply of alcohol should also work for the sellers and consumers of alcohol. white, because the sellers and drinkers have their own rank, where one can spend five thousand bottles and another can spend fifty bottles.
Nongstoiñ: The city of Nongstoiñ has started to grow rapidly in all aspects and the population has increased from one year to another with this rapid growth of the city. Nongstoin, has also attracted many residents of West Khasi Hills, to migrate to this city for income generation, trade, education and others.
Madhu Chopra, who was also present at the interview with Kapil, agreed with Priyanka's remarks.
State of Meghalaya & Ors.
In addition, 44 percent of children under the age of five are shorter than their age and 15 percent are underweight.
After investigation , the CBI found that there were names of youths who were eligible for jobs but their names were deleted with a white paper and submitted with the names of others who received jobs claim.
If they give the victory to Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, all these issues will be achieved in the coming years.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah HS Shylla today. They have been involved in the attacks by the police and government forces from Assam.
At the same time, he said that in order to improve the income of the people in the constituency, he is preparing policies to be sent to the government for approval and implementation. The income of the people in the state as a whole will increase.
The first Meghalaya Baby League was organized by the MFA and the All India Baby League with the financial support of the Tata Trusts.
He said that since he became its leader he has built many temples for Hindu religions because he loves and respects all religions.
Kubon Branch, Contractor1
These youths will be detained for four months at a place donated by the MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw at Mawkynroh-Umshing, Shillong. They will also be treated for their illnesses, as well as provided with assistance so that these young people can have a new life.
We don't talk about the contribution of Khasi women in the struggle for independence or their participation in shaping the judiciary since before independence.
now renew the policy.
He said the ECI has set a target of 70 per cent voter turnout in the upcoming elections.
The committee is concerned that the government has not appointed Lineman and Jungle but the bill light has increased beyond the limit of Rs.2000/- to Rs.3000/- by the BPLMs and the loss of light has increased. There is no light in the village for 3 or 4 nights during this month.
Because the KJNU doesn't want to create ethnic conflict in Ri Khasi Jaintia, but we must unite and not destroy each other, said NN Shadap, Chief Leader of KJNU Nongstoin, Iaiong: Four robbers have been caught by the Shallang Police Station on Friday night while they were trying to rob Songsak village in Shallang area.
Shillong, March 12 : The Minister of Forest and Environment on Tuesday said that the Ministry of Climate Change Museum is now ready to build a Climate Change Museum in Shillong which will become the first museum in South Asia. other.
In a statement, Samla Banshemphang Kharnaior President of KSU Umiam Circle said that the KSU Umiam Circle is deeply saddened by the incident. The body of Phaltima Rani of Mawlyndep village, Ri-Bhoi, who went to give birth at Ganesh Das Hospital, was found dead.
Beneficiaries must bring the required documents to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, including the application, Death Certificate from the relevant authorities, the reason for the death. death, bank details, Epic and phone number.
From what the reporter found, it was seen that the school has been neglected too much and it was very difficult to see the condition inside the school, because it was found that the school has turned into a animal habitat, as it no longer has the fences and student habitat.
On the other hand, he said that the state government has not received revenue from vehicles imported from outside the state, because the government has not introduced a law to collect tax on goods imported from outside the state. Shillong, but the Assam government charges tax on vehicles imported from other states, he added.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said the opposition (ie Conrad K Sangma) has accused the government of misusing the money which is the right of the people.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 123 people have tested positive for Covid-19 in the state. cases in South West Khasi Hills District, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills District, 7 cases in West Garo Hills District, 14 cases in South Garo Hills District one.
“Besides being allowed to hold posts for up to three years, Garo has also been allowed to hold posts that they cannot fill. “This is their share and this too is not for the Khasi,” he said.
People say that you will vote for this tenant, if he wins, where will you go? I am sorry and I am looking for a way to buy a land and build a house, to fulfill my promise that if I win or lose I will live with the people of Nongkrem.
This happened at Thangraiñ village at about 2.00 pm on Monday.
This should be done for the benefit of the state as the income of the people of the state has been severely affected.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Shillong, Dr. Nalin Mehta, supported the hospital's efforts to reduce the incidence of esophageal cancer. ) in the state are undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS and Shillong Civil Hospital.
They appealed against the order issued by the Khasi District Council, on 4th March 2019, which bans foreigners from selling land within the boundary of the Council's jurisdiction.
In another incident on 8th November, at about 3.30 pm, unidentified robbers broke the door of Room No.115 at MLA Hostel, Shillong and stole a pla containing money. T.800/-.
The prizes are 1st Prize 5000 tyngka, 2nd Prize 3000 tyngka and 3rd Prize 2000 tyngka with a certificate. For more information please call 9862927501,
Two thousand years ago Jesus Christ and the Gospel inspired, gave hope and freedom to people.
Shillong, July 2: The General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, A. Lipon in a statement today said that the meeting of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills today has decided to force and request The authority of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat to expedite and send the Bill known as the Establishment of Elaka, Village and Election, Appointment Power and Jurisdiction of Doloi/ Sardar and Waheh Shnong Bill 2015 to the State Government as soon as possible without delay.
Prestone said that members of the House can no longer be accused from what they hear from above, but when accused they should be accompanied by sufficient witnesses.
Shnongpdeng has been one of the villages that has attracted tens of thousands of tourists from all over India as well as foreigners, but the road to reach the village is still narrow and bad.
In terms of health facilities, people have to flee to Assam as it is more convenient and closer to reach the health facilities in Meghalaya.
All ration shops are requested to collect their permit from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills and to complete the distribution of rice by 10th July which also uses an ePos machine online inside the ration shops of the poor.
Vendors, including mothers with children, have to protest against the police.
The names of the children for the upcoming tournament are Rohit, Aheibam Suraj Singh, Arush Hari, Ngariyambam, Abhijit, Mohammed Kaif, Yaipharemba Chingakham, Usham Thoungamba, Vumlenlal Hangshing, Chingtham Renin Singh, Karish Soram and Newton Singh. , Kangujam Yoihenba Meitei, Levis Zangminlun, Bobby Singh, Abdul Salha, Ngamgouhou Mate, Vishal Yadav, Manbhakupar Malngiang, Md Arbash, Ningthoukhongjam Rishi Singh, Ahongshangbam Samson, Lairenjam Bharat, and Airborlang Kharthangmaw.
In a statement sent by the Chairman of the Education Cell of KSU-CEC Samla R.Khajana, the KSU-CEC said, “As usual every year, the Centers are held in Shillong or Guwahati. However, the establishment of Examination Centers in Tripura has caused doubts among many students.
Shillong and Khasi Hills in the 1920s: In the 1920s, Khasi Hills came under British rule and was included in the Assam Province.
Afghanistan's tour also includes two T20Is to be played in Sylhet on 16th November.
I sit and read for about 5 to 7 hours a day.
They fought hard and at that time before the end of the disease in the State, I said that we have to live with the disease.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 7,7
Shillong, March 16: The Lyndem Sports & Cultural Club (LSC) on Tuesday held a cleanliness drive in Lyndem.
According to information received by Rupang, among the Khasi women who are married to the government, most of them are Khasi women, 39 men. Only 10 married non-Khasi women.
Speaking on the occasion, Riniki Chakravarty Marweiñ said that this book of poetry 'Brittle' was written during the time of covid-19 and through the encouragement of her relatives she decided to complete it. this is your poetry book.
The drugs packed in 66 soap boxes were recovered from the vehicle.
Meanwhile, Zoramthanga, 76, former military leader and now senior leader of the Mizo National Front (MNF), has refused to form a government today from the Governor.
Shillong, Jymmang, 24: “In the past four years, if you have heard the statement that the former MLA (Bah Process T.Sawkmie) has spoken about the work I have done, “You are only implementing the MLA Scheme which is a part of the scheme without any hard work, while I as an MDC have brought more than Rs 100 crore,” said the National People's Party (NPP) candidate. Speaking at an election campaign rally at Mawlai Constituency on Thursday evening.
According to police sources, the victim was identified as Hopewelson Turnia, 38, of Ngunraw, South. West Khasi Hills District.
"Fortunately, if the weight of my sin is 40 kg, 20 kg is carried by those who speak.
He said that the BJP has no choice but to criticize the NPP on any issue and that is why it has taken this step.
The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Lummi.
The Enforcement Police of the Council, had to retreat and stop their license search in the area, due to the intrusion of the border guards, the report said.
In addition, there was the Raid Myliem, which included the Saw Kur Nongbet.
He said that all the traders have already taken the vaccine and the district authorities should also allow the traders to export goods to Bangladesh in compliance with the health and safety regulations. Daniel said that Lahkmen has promised to take up the issue with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare together with the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills before the meeting. take any decision.
The Sohra Labor Union appeals to the Government to do something for the poor and the union does not want to take to the streets or protest at such a time. for if we have no bread, we shall die.
After inspecting the Screening Center at 13Mer and answering a question from reporters, Bah AL Hek said that when he inspected the Screening Centre, he found that there are some shortcomings, but although He said that by finding such shortcomings, it will be possible to improve the working methods at the checkpoint, which is also one of the checkpoints for the entry of foreigners.
As you can see, it is the maki that holds the soul of man.
Urging the HNLC leaders not to be afraid of the government, the Principal Secretary said the government has opened the door and they should come forward to talk without any fear.
The deterioration of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the residents and especially to the vehicles carrying goods which have to stop even to stay overnight on the road due to the excessive deterioration of the road. vehicles from the movement of trucks carrying coal to Bangladesh.
When they explained (because they were not fools), the crowd was amazed.
The meeting decided that it is necessary to invite all the groups from the Chief Executive Members including NGOs to meet with them on this issue.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : As part of the celebration of the 127th Anniversary of the Assam Club, Laban Shillong, the Assam Club, Laban Shillong will hold a free medical camp on the 23rd of this month from 10:00 am to 1:00 pm: 00 pm.
We are living in times of great trial.
Hindi as one of the subject at Degree Level from a recognized University.
Regarding this complaint, the union demands that the district authorities and especially the DC, should take action on this complaint, so that the people who use this road, can escape from the. and the hand that came out of the earth, because it made it difficult for the people to come and go.
The closing ceremony of the 1st Inter School Basketball Tournament 2023 was attended by Malvernstone Marngar, President of BHCM, Freddy Marweiñ and Wanskhemlang Lyngkhoi, Secretary. Teachers, school children and other elders of the area.
The crowd that was there testified that Jesus had raised Lazarus from the dead.
Speaking to reporters, Ferdinand Lyngkhoi, President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) Mawkyrwat Block, said that the water pipes have been installed since 2008 but until now these water pipes have only a pipe without water.
There have been some pigs that have grown up and died suddenly and this is a great loss for them as pig farmers, said one of the pig farmers from Ri Bhoi.
The letter through the president of the BJP Meghalaya has said that students in the North East after the outbreak of Corona Virus have been insulted by people from states across India. including in Delhi.
Schools in the countryside (even in the city) are still many.
This can be done through morning walks, sports, yoga and don't forget to drink plenty of water, and exercise that can burn calories faster.
Before the Stay Off Road, COMSO held a public meeting in which all the leaders, parents, youth, women and men in one voice expressed their opposition to the CAB and demanded that On the other hand, Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman of COMSO, while speaking on the inability of the Governor to sign the MRSSA, which the State Government has sent more than six months ago, said that The Governor should not play with our people, he also asked who is the Governor who will explain our rule.
The root cause is all from unbelief, and the desire to experience for yourself.
Not only that, it was seen that there is another mountain, which is near this place, which is now falling and will fall soon, if it rains or if no one falls. immediately.
He said the decision taken at the meeting was to invite all the Congress MLAs to Delhi to speak before Sonia Gandhi on the issue of leadership.
“Regarding the reports that the Executive Committee of JHADC has misused Rs 5.78 crore alleged by the JSU, I as the EM in charge of the Taxation Department, I would like to clarify to the public that this allegation is false. don foundation.
They were wrong to allocate equally, that is, 40% to the highest paid Hynniewtrep and 40% to the lowest paid A'chik.
Many times, when foreigners come to the country, we complain that the government does not take action to protect the authorities.
“When meeting with the head of the company, the union demanded that those involved in shooting and bombing should be expelled immediately. , who have been threatening to be fired immediately and should not be seen again in this area,” said the statement.
Tip who is bad who is not light.
Instead of getting water quickly, we can't.
According to the SP, the drugs came from Burma and the Nagaland border.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, said that the party has the aim of preserving the traditional customs and traditions, as set by him.
She has never hesitated to talk to the Prime Minister, and has made many Indians, especially West Bengal, turn their attention to this constituency.
There were rules I had to follow.
At the same meeting, the CEM said, “I am proud of SR Sen who has surprised us, but I will not raise the issue for the sake of the people”.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes has announced that the office of the District Transport Officer will be closed on 1st November 2021 due to the outbreak of Covid-1 The office will be closed from tomorrow from 2nd November 2021 to 8th November 2021 after an employee of the office tested positive for the virus. get this office cleaned up first.
The new office bearers of the Union are President Kenneth Swer, Vice President Fullgida Nongdhar, General Secretary Silbestar Marboh, Assistant General Secretary Virginia Dkhar, Treasurer Dorisha Mary Iangrai and six other executive members.
Speaking on the occasion, Octomewot Lamin said, “Be a good example to the residents by living your life according to the principles of the Scouts-Guides which says “Service to God, Service to others and Service to Self”. .
The 6th Wah Lukha Association in its meeting held on 15.08.2020 at Kuliang Village has decided to ban the killing of fish in Wah Lukha by blasting and spraying pesticides.
Shillong: U Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, regardless of ethnicity or religion, after distributing relief items such as blankets and food items to several Khasi villages in the 17th North Shillong Constituency, , he went back to help other villages.
Ud longtheng, come down now to this house of mine, if you will grant me according to my request, I will give you a wealth to spend on sacrifices.
At the same time, he strongly condemned the unfair behavior of these Assam police by shooting without any understanding or using the means of communication, but they shot without counting them. longkmie, young or old people who have taken the lives of 5 or 5 precious souls of our fellow countrymen.
At the same time, Samlin said that during the lifetime of Dr Donkupar Roy, he had longed for the unity of the ethnic parties, but his death has shocked.
The union strongly demands that it cannot accept such a job at such a critical time, when the government should think first of our fellow workers or children. There are those who want to return to their home state or family, while the government has not yet been able to bring them back to their home state.
The MDA-II Government, which has faced the plight of farmers during the outbreak of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, should have understood better what farmers still need to improve their livelihoods. rep the riang of theirs.
Many of the cases of the JHADC have been decided due to the weakness of the Executive Committee.
These offices were inaugurated by Bah T.Chyne, CEM of KHADC at a meeting held at the Hima Police Station in Iewduh.
Also present on the occasion were West Garo Hills Coordinator Safford N Sangma, Meghalaya TMC Leader John Manner Marak and others.
So, that was the time of the first Christmas between the heavenly angels and the shepherds.
On the other hand, it poses a serious threat to the people as soon as the cows flee after the end of the harvest.
No one has the right to take the life of another.
AMDA urges the public to learn more about these channels by calling the following numbers of AMDA members to watch on the TV screen 7641920853/8259865297/
Furthermore, u Bahduh Jyndiang said that this is not the first time that Maieid has sent him to contest the election but it is a statement from time to time that he has urged him to contest the election. In 2009, he contested the MDC election from Mairang Constituency.
Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar was born on 26th June, 1962 in Iongkaluh, East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 10: The name of Meghalaya's Icon-V has been awarded to Dymbur, an experimental metal band from Shillong. The second prize went to the Emperical Tribe with T.30,000 thousand and the third prize went to the Emperical Tribe. Sky Level team with a cash prize of T.20,0
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 18th June, said that the government has identified about 25 acres of land for the implementation of various projects to beautify and improve the city of Shillong.
The Shillong Times reported that they were in a household, where 400 people were tested positive for the virus.
All unloading vehicles must unload or carry goods before 8 a.m. and after 7 p.m.
Jowai Police Station on Tuesday took three suspects involved in the murder of Pynkhreh Surong to the court to request for time for investigation.
The CoRP leaders visited the hospital after many residents complained about many shortcomings in the hospital especially the government's appointment of only one doctor. to provide health care to the people has caused a lot of trouble to the people in terms of illness.
The Supreme Court of India on 27th November has directed the Election Commission to install a special budam for candidates. for the voters.
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) will kick off the U-14 Boys Football League on Saturday at the Third Ground, Polo.
At the same time, the North East Indian Goal, the owner of the Football Academy, would like to extend its special congratulations to Bah P. Passah (Govt.
It is also a fact that the increase in the price of food items is due to the decline in the ability to produce and supply food.
“Earlier, the CEM said that on Friday he will meet with a special committee to look after the safety of the market dwellers and also with the village leaders of neighboring villages to discuss in more detail the matter. role.
He said that if this continues, it is impossible to know whether the time will come for bloodshed as it happened in previous years.
“The action of the MDA government now has something behind it and surprises many people, how can it allow these factories to import coal from abroad when coal is still plentiful in the state,” he said. said Leningstar Rymbai.
On the other hand, Bah Rani said that the party expects the Vice Chancellor to speak on the concerns expressed by the party in this regard which started on 21st November depth.
“Today I have submitted my resignation letter from the party to the President and Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) and from today I have left the party,” he said. He said that he had handed over his resignation letter from the party.
There are 29607 villages identified as ODF Plus – Model where all these facilities are available and where IEC messages are placed in suitable places to inform everyone.
He should explain what he has done, when he has mentioned others.
The center also provides training in Computer Training, Fashion Designing, Self-Employed Tailoring, Art & Craft, Embroidery, Food Processing, Agriculture and other paid and free training. This training center has already trained more than 500 youths from different areas.
Byrnihat is one of the towns of Ri Bhoi District in Meghalaya, which has become one of the towns in Meghalaya with the largest number of factories. which is the most polluted city in India by
In an interview with the school management, they said that even in the midst of the heavy rainfall and the time to exercise for only two days.
It is worth mentioning that this is not the first time that foreigners have received distinction for Khasi in this area, as in previous years there have been foreigners who have stayed in Nongstoiñ, but more prominently. in the Khasi subject.
The Minister was accompanied by Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi, DIG (Western Range) Bah SS Kynjing and church leaders who were also the ksiang to bring these members to a new life. Commanding 2nd MLP Bn C.B.S Reddy.
It is perhaps unnecessary to register illegal land purchases because Section 3 (3) of the Land Transfer Act voids these illegal land sales.
Speaking to media, the village leaders of Moojem including the Waheh Shnong, Ma Hopingson Raksaw and the Secretary, Ma Nilanki Sten, expressed their regret that such incidents have been happening since the beginning of the year. to the time of his brothers and sisters in the border areas.
Thus Laimaw is the action of man at that moment, but Raimaw refers to the human mind to avoid and turn away from something.
In a statement sent by Pyndap Saibon, President of KHNAM, they demanded that the state government should pass a resolution in the State Legislative Assembly on this issue and send the proposal to the Government of India.
The rule of law in the country and the Khasi people is very fragile.
On this occasion, the DC also distributed awards and certificates to the winners of the drawing, essay writing, painting and so on competition organized by the DC's office. villages qualified in the Community Led Landscape Management Project (CLLMP) and 3 villages qualified in the MLAMP.
Explaining about the Micro Containment Area, Dr War said that now they will give Containment area only to those villages or households where there are people who are Covid positive so that the people living in these villages will be able to survive. Containment areas will not be affected.
“According to him, all political parties need to give their opinions.
The top four winners of the tournament will qualify for the National Chess Championship to be held in Maharashtra in April
Although Ms Kharbani has sent the letter, the office of the District Medical and Health Officer has not yet provided any information either orally or in writing.
:The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad, Tura has organized the 'Pa Togan Sangma' Best Student Award-2022 on 9th November at the District Auditorium, Tura, Meghalaya.
It can be said that anger itself is necessary for man to correct what should be corrected and it is also something that God has given to man to use properly, but if knowledge is (conscience) does not exist, anger can destroy the whole world.
“I am not saying that what the government has done is enough but I just want to say that we have moved forward and there are still many things that we have to do for education in the state,” said Prestone.
“In those years when I was a leader, my salary belonged to the people, and now even if I don't win, I get a pension and this pension will belong to him. “This is the part of the people because as a family it is blessed, where my wife and children are also employed,” said Bah Process. .
We would also like to urge the land owners and kurs not to sell their land to foreigners or the owners of the country as well as to set up such factories which will destroy them.
“This allowance of 12 tire trucks has deprived the locals of their income, it is only for the benefit of the foreigners,” said Bah Passih.
Finally it was learned that a young man named Daniel had been summoned to the king.
Shillong, Lber 9: Three youths have been arrested from Nan Polok on Tuesday by the police for drinking kyiad in this public place.
“Therefore, the Council needs to get clarification whether it is still entitled to receive this allocation or not, we will also talk to the Central Government to get clarification on the allocation of funds of the District Council,” he said. Antonio War.
Dabit Ampangdam SSA (South Garo Hills) beat St. Peter HSS (West Khasi Hills) 1-1
The Dorbar Shnong Namdong B celebrated its 50th Golden Jubilee on Saturday.
East Khasi Hills has recorded 33 new cases and East Garo Hills has recorded 32 new cases.
Residents of Ramprasadpur were shocked when they saw Sinha's body and threw it on the street in protest against the brutal murder.
Up to 25 lakh tyngka free of interest has been allocated to 143 local entrepreneurs.
On the part of the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, he congratulated all the party leaders who took the initiative to honor this occasion. 76th birth anniversary of Purno Agitok Sangma, former Minister of State and Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
The Seng immediately went to Amlarem Police Station to investigate why they have not been able to arrest the robber.
“We have already identified three or four sites for the relocation of households from Mawlong Market,” said Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Urban Affairs.
Speaking to reporters, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) officials today said that the current outbreak of covid-19 is very strong, in which there has been no symptoms. tip in advance.
He said that illegal mining and quarrying continues in Rani Jirang while in other places like Killing, Baridua they have been closed down so far. The Mining Plan has been submitted to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The MSOA office has also informed that those who wish to take part in the 4th Shillong 10k Run will have to bring their xeroxcopy documents to verify their age.
They also replied that this is like hiding and destroying the information of many churches regarding the receipt of donations and violating the right of the voters to know.
However, it was also discussed that if the people want change, they are the ones who will be the change because in the end, it is the people who elect the MLAs/MPs/MDCs to advocate for the cause and create the the opportunity to promote economic development in the state.
On the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016, the Chief Minister said that the MRSSA has already been passed by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and sent for approval by the Governor on the 26th of this month. November 21, 2016.
“My mother was killed.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC, said that the SOP issued by the government on 5th October 2021, states that those who apply for coal mining license must have more than 100 hectares of land. .
Every man is wise, Who cannot speak; Without opening the door, How can he speak?
He said Amstrong died at 12:21 PM at NEIGRIHMS.
“When the Traffic Police ordered the vehicle to move, the man ran away, ran away and tried to throw his hand at the policeman who was still on duty,” said Bah Swer.
The 10 venues to host the tournament include Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Dharamsala, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai and Pune.
After accompanying Bah Robert Kharjahrin during the nomination process, the HSPDP leader asked Bah Ardent, what does it mean to form the RDA in 2017, without at that time there was no need for the leadership of the nation.
Police have arrested them for further investigation.
I urge you to examine carefully the information you receive.
Therefore, the union strongly urged the government to grant the ILP which is a protection for foreigners from entering the state. Doesn't Meghalaya have a state?
He was invited by Welsh musician Gareth Bonello to perform with him at the Rajasthan International Folk Festival (RIFF) in Jodhpur (2022).
The Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society also aims to make this place one of the most famous slaloms in the world.
“When we do anything, we have to think a lot and not just to be happy or to do the right thing,” said the Nongthymmai MLA.
All the countries of the world have their own customs and traditions which differ from one country to another but the only thing that is similar is the tea.
The BJP leader, who came to the state from Delhi, said that the Congress party is a party that will fall without any opposition and this was witnessed only in the GHADC elections where the candidate The Congress, who is also an MDC, has been defeated by the BJP from his constituency.
Indeed, most of the farmers who came to Delhi to protest against these new laws are from Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
So the Son of Man (Jesus) is Lord even of the Sabbath.
“It is true that until 1983, the name of Dr Mukul Sangma's mother and Dr Mukul Sangma's brother Zenith M Sangma was Roshanara Begum,” Marak said. This may mean that they get ST without considering the name and race of the mother, and their mother lived with Benoy in
At a young age he joined the Salesians of Don Bosco and took his first oath on 24 June 1969 and was ordained a priest on 19 November
On the other hand, the leaders appealed for the restoration of peace and order in Manipur and requested the higher authorities to take the best measures for the restoration of peace and order in Manipur. There is no peace in Manipur.
Therefore, due to the traffic jam in many parts of the city and the roads to be used by VVIPs, many people are requested to refrain from walking on Mawngap Road and other roads. around Shillong except for emergency purposes.
There is a saying, “Evil doesn't come from anywhere, but comes from home”.
John was also reportedly charged with several felony counts of murder for his violent role in the incident.
When Rupang spoke to the management of the school, it was learned that the school takes care of the cleanliness of the school and to take care of the environment. The school held in June in the presence of teachers, school principals and parents decided to clean up the village from time to time as one of the most important issues to improve the environment. you are clean.
It doesn't matter if you want the Congress Party to win.
He said that since the amendment of the Act in 2006, the rules of the State Human Rights Commissions have been only places to waste public money without any benefit.
Chisa S.Marak, 19yr, Miss.
The decision came after 10,815 cases and 353 deaths.
The clashes took place between the security forces and the militants on Sunday evening after a siege and search operation in parts of the forest in the district, they said.
“I am God, and there is none like me” Isaiah 46:8-1
The distance from Nonglang to Mawrok via Nongstoin and Rambrai has reached 73 kilometers.
In Laitumkhrah market, you can earn a lot of money.
He said there is an opportunity for the youth who joined the armed groups to come forward and live a new life.
Other sources said that the GHADC did not want the people to know about the shortcomings of the Executive Committee between the National People's Party (NPP) and the BJP in the opposition.
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday 20th June 2022 at Sonapyrdi Bridge, on the road to Huroi, West Jaintia Hills.
“Look at what happened in the MLA election 2018, all the five constituencies in Ri Bhoi have been won by new candidates.
On the Bangladesh side, Bangladeshis have started to come to Muktapur in Jaintia Hills and the government is silent.
He said that the people have seen the thefts of the NPP. The people have seen that this government has been sitting idle for almost five years and now it has done everything quickly.
The harvesting of rice in Khasi-Jaintia is in the months of August and September.
Another is Ri-Bhoi and in Ri-Bhoi only the C&RD Block in Bhoi Rymbong and one Police Station in Umsohlait have been promoted.
According to the videos seen through the CCTV cameras at the scene, it was seen that the entire upper part of the roof of the gym has collapsed and the authorities have sent the police. Relief team personnel to rescue and rescue those who are trapped inside the area.
In another Group A match, Laitkor West Sports Club beat Mawkriah West Sports Club 16-0
When the leaves start to stem, it is time to harvest them or cut off the whole plant.
When asked, Bah Tongkhar said that the Langpih sector is affected by the ethnic conflict and the Nepali villages are surrounded by the villages that have been inhabited by the Nepalis. Khasi and Garo.
In India, an estimated 9 million tonnes of plastic has been produced so far and only about 9 percent of this has been recycled. garbage dumps and scattered around to pollute the environment.
“These fraudsters withdraw money from the accounts of the people without the knowledge of the owners,” said the SP (CID) in a statement today.
Nangbah Mulang SC has scored 7 points from four matches and is in fourth place with two wins, one draw and one defeat.
In the second half, both the teams played hard and it was only in the 66th minute that Nongkhlieng SC scored through Ksankupar Khongmuid.
Mayanka Pde of Salini Mihmyntdu, Jowai Govt.
No of posts:- 41Place of posting:- These Lecturer posts existing at1) Captain Williamson Memorial Government College, Baghmara2) Williamnagar Government College, Williamnagar3) Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai4) Tura Government College, TuraEssential have Candi Postalification mu Graduate Degree in the respective subjects with Honors in the subject at the Degree Level.
The bravery and courage of the Khasi children is also a sign to show to the authorities that they should no longer treat the people like children. to show the work according to the wishes of the people.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has invited all the Rangbah Kurs of various Kur Sengs of Bri U Hynniewtrep to attend a meeting to be held on the 7th January 2019 at the Conference Hall. of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at 1 pm.
He said that according to the rule, the Administration Rule should be repealed first, the CEM should be removed and the election should be held. These days, with the spread of Corona virus in India and around the world, Swami Chakrapani Maharaj has led those who agree. to drink cow's milk to fight against Corona.
Chanmiki Myrchiang scored the goals for PSA in the 2nd and 41st minutes and Aiborlang Mulieh in the 51st minute.
Nongpoh, Nailur 01: The Union of Dorbar Shnongs of Mawhati Area, on Tuesday expressed its deep sorrow and condemnation over the collapse of a bridge at Pamlatar, Ri Bhoi District. The bridge has collapsed due to the lack of attention by the contractor and the PWD department for the inspection before the construction of the bridge.
“We have received the permit but we have not received the umphniang,” said the Rangbah Shnong of the area.
QC Springside Higher Secondary School became the winner of the Tug of War after defeating HK Singh Memorial Higher Secondary School on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 09 : U MDC of Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh on Monday said that there are four or five parties who have come to throw billions of rupees at him. MLA of Mawkynrew, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
“To combat this drug trafficking, the Police Department has introduced measures such as public awareness campaigns especially among the youth by conducting public awareness campaigns in schools, universities and the search for drug traffickers. “Dang bteng,” said Bishnoi, adding that drug traffickers are the most dangerous and many gangs from other states are involved in which the Meghalaya Police have fought to eradicate them.
He said that when he was young, his biggest thought was to form a rebel party and he didn't think about elections, but he thought more about forming a political party. a strong rebel group and has always tried to make weapons with friends.
“However, the VC's lack of understanding, ignorance and insensitivity and because of his ignorance, he is quick to destroy the future of the Under Graduate students.
Don four answered: “I don't know.
The Land Custom Station, Tamabil has been declared as an essential office and all have been directed to strictly follow the rules and regulations.
These include East Khasi Hills and East Garo Hills.
At the time of writing, no information has been received on the plans of the Congress MLAs against Mukul Sangma. Congress MLAs have been elected to the House.
I also obeyed.
In the afternoon of the next day, on the 3rd, he caught another kha khla weighing up to 50 kilos and this kha khla is still in the water. Devanan has decided to sell the 50 kilo khla khla if anyone buys it at T.20,0
The Minister of Agriculture, Bah AL Hek, said that the Government does not have the ability to provide assistance as it is now if cows die from any disease including at-sniehdoh disease. you have insurance for your property.
Speaking against those who need you is also corruption.
U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, since the past, has expressed that he still hopes to win, because he still has the cooperation with the people, as well as with the party leaders from East Jaintia Hills District, He also said that the people still have the love and trust in him and this has happened and he has won a glorious victory this time too.
Witnesses and media reports said that the road leading to the school was very narrow and it was difficult to control the vehicle when it was driving fast. The incident, even in the middle of the road, has driven straight to the destination without being able to control and has hit the neighborhood of the school.
I am very pleased that Dr. Mukul Sangma, who was the whistle blower to introduce the ILP, has won and returned as Chief Minister in February
“We strongly oppose the central government's plan to amend this Act.
Therefore, he urged all scooty drivers to be more careful when driving in school areas so that this does not happen again.
Shillong, Nailur 25: St Anthony's College, Shillong on Tuesday confirmed and swore in the students who have joined the Rovers and Rangers Unit to become full members of the Rovers and Rangers Unit. This group is to serve the community according to the goals and objectives of the voluntary group.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Bihar by 191 runs in the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy in the plate group match played at the Shillong Cricket Ground today.
Shillong, June 29: Due to the narrowness of the Lummawbah road, a new arrangement has been made for vehicles traveling from Laimer to Lummawbah which will come into force from 2nd June
The inspection was also part of the inspection to see whether the road has any problems for the company to implement the work.
He said – Oh, if thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.
Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that he and his office should look after only the work inside the Legislative Assembly so that it should be running smoothly and that they should not be allowed to enter. The members of HITO, the police department and the district authorities should look after it and not him.
The tournament will be for the public and school children of West Khasi Hills District who will take part in the Under-12, Under-15 and Under-1
