The union warns against anyone who commits illegal acts or speaks rudely to those who walk, stand or buy, if found, it will not forgive and will act according to the law and will punish severely.
Ma Johnwyne Lyngdoh, SSR of Revenue Department in JHADC, passed away suddenly on the 3rd of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ronnie said that the passengers had faced a lot of trouble on that day and some of them had escaped from the road until the next day.
Our youngsters are the source of energy and if you show them the right path and straight path will be like flowing water, water which can be a source of power generation and if not to protect the water will cause flooding and landslides.
Yong Boys FC, although they scored the first goal, scored another goal through Tiskhem Kharmylliem in the 55th minute. The team won the title of this year's tournament.
“We have also talked to the National Fishery Development Board for the allocation of funds for the construction of the fish farms. The NFDB has also promised to assist and the talks are ongoing to get the approval of the department officials. percent of the funds will be from the NFDB and 10 percent from the state government,” said Bah Donkupar.
Of this T.18,881 crore, the expenditure on salaries or road maintenance or school building maintenance or old age pension is T.15,376 crore while the expenditure on Capital Expenditure for the construction of new buildings such as roads, schools, hospitals and others is only T.3,505 crore.
Furthermore, the Union will not sit idly by but will meet with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to urge the government to expedite the inspection so that it can start. The District Government from time to time has expressed the shortage of electricity in the state but if this project is implemented, the benefits will not only be to the people but also to the people. the state government as well.
The Minister in his speech to the Deputy Commissioners urged to encourage all the residents to wear masks and to ensure social distancing in crowded places in markets and public places.
For the post of Group C MTS, 58 posts have been allocated and there is no vacancy.
The CEM urged the state government to take strong action against these insurgents who threaten the people and loot.
“Ka Lyngdoh also hopes that the people will approve her as a candidate because this is the first time that as a woman, she has the opportunity to be a candidate from the Shillong parliamentary seat.
He said that they are very pleased after receiving the explanation from the EM that the Act has included the minimum support price for farmers. they shall not be overwhelmed by the price.
Shillong, November 17: Banalari World Cars today opened its car shop at Banalari World Cars. Wild Cars in Pynursla Village.
Even the installation of one electrical wire has to be approved,” he added.
(Dr) BD Mishra, Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad Sangma and Chief Ministers of North Eastern States were present.
And God said, I have created the earth, and created man upon it.
“You don't have to collect in front of anyone.
English) urged the former MLA to set a place and time for the speech in English.
“We have discussed with the Central Government regarding the lack of computer facilities to conduct this examination in all districts of the State. NTA this year but no reply has been received yet”.
SP News).
When asked whether Christians can follow the government's directives or whether there are any objections and explanations to the people from the church authorities, the Pastor in charge of the church said: In Lawbah and its surroundings, he said that no arrangement has been made yet in the Assembly, but he said that he has not yet received full information about Aadhar, but he will have to read it. They will first look into this new law of the government and after that they will take the necessary measures.
When I met with the Sengbhalang, I also explained that I have already promised to the religious leaders that since January until now, we have not done anything to move forward with this work”.
Shillong: The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has accused the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, of mismanaging the House during the election of the CEM of the Council.
Regarding the availability of medicines, they said that they have to wait for the veterinary doctors, although sometimes they arrive late.
However, there is still time for them to try other sources of income that are currently on the sidelines (not for now but for the future).
Speaking to reporters, BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang said that the arrest of KSU President Daniel Khyriem is the government's responsibility to create trouble in the area. to bring peace and harmony.
The synjuk has announced that there will be no match on October 20,
At the time of writing, it was learned that the BJP has two candidates from Laban for the mid-term MDC elections, including Micky Shabong and Hubert Marbaniang.
The award was received by the Chief Secretary PBO Warjri, Additional Chief Secretary Shri KSKropha and Commissioner of Transport Shri IW Ingty who received the cash prize of T.2 lakh at the Main Secretariat Building. , Shillong today.
“The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has congratulated Assam on the Rajya Sabha passing the CAB, but he does not know how many people in Assam strongly oppose it,” he said. he complained.
Ali took three wickets and finished his innings with 4/29 in 10 overs.
The four-day Behdienkhlam festival, which is held once a year by the Pnar people who still hold the traditional religion (Niamtre), will start from the 6th to the 9th of November.
Ms Lyngdoh also urged the students to focus on their studies and let their parents be proud of their achievements. encourage your children to progress in their studies.
It is time for the people to think twice before electing an MLA or voting for a plaque.
Idris doesn't mind if he doesn't get to play James Bond and says that in his opinion this film is better suited for tyngshops dohlieh.
“The decision to start the Department of Commerce and Science in the three Government Colleges will be approved soon by the Cabinet,” he said.
Those households who do not have ration cards or who have lost their AAY, PHH cards but whose names have not been submitted to the Fair Price Shop Dealer cannot receive the ration.
Therefore, the KSU has to encourage that the KSU will be with them, not by supporting them financially but by being with them and expressing their concerns. government.
He said that through this channel, it will be an opportunity to provide employment opportunities to the youth of the area.
The schemes of the Central Government have been introduced in the departments of Agri & Horti, Veterinary, NABARD and Lead District Managers of Banks.
The selected players along with officials, except the standby players, will leave the state for Jaipur on 20th November.
They were also warned not to interfere with the activities of the government authorities, who are doing their job, in the provisions of the Constitution. They shall not be punished, even if the understanding is that they shall be imprisoned, if they continue to commit these illegal acts in the future.
Shillong, Lber, 10: Three persons including three employees of MeECL have been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills District Police for allegedly burning down the house of a Waheh. Old village of Rymbai village which falls within the border of East Jaintia Hills District.
The NESO said that the actions of the CM will continue to encourage more and more Bangladeshis to smuggle into India especially in the North East.
Afzal lost again in the first over when Bipin struck the opposition batsman with a spin ball.
This is the third time that Rupang.com has distributed awards to the drivers of the area.
Nongpoh, Naitung 16: To improve the services to the people of Nongpoh Constituency and also to strengthen the party for the upcoming elections 2023 in the state, the National People's Party (NPP) Nongpoh Constituency today launched its The party has opened its full office at Umbuda to serve as a shlem to coordinate the activities of the party and also to provide services to the people of Nongpoh Constituency.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the state government has already sent a letter to the central government to request to suspend the transfer of central government employees. to prevent the spread of Covid-19 through government employees from one state.
The state has made progress in the implementation of the PMGSY scheme. Under PMGSY-I and PMGSY-II, the construction of 1174 roads in Meghalaya with a length of 4,755.19 km.
Hill State fighters (Volunteers) who were imprisoned in 1970 and are still alive.
“We have demanded that the 80% employment quota in any jobs except in private or company offices should be allocated to the indigenous people of Meghalaya. " said Mr. Pyndap.
At the meeting, the CTU also launched an integrated degree course with IAS coaching in collaboration with the Lbsna IAS Academy.
The party also urges the Dorbar Shnongs, the people and especially the MLAs and MPs to cooperate on this issue and added that the party will continue to monitor this issue and take measures to clarify. to the public on the danger of being destroyed by the railway.
According to the report sent by the Commission to the Assam Government on October 31, 2012, it was written that 16 Assam policemen were found involved in the incident which shot 188 people. The lawyer of the four, HL Shangreiso, told reporters.
Badruddin Ajmal today said that Muslims will not listen to the order of the Assam government.
I also suggested that if they want to leave the party, it would be better for them to inform us as soon as possible so that we can prepare the party,” he said.
Therefore, the public is requested to accept the price of rice without AAY and PHH Ration Card except for Non-NFSA Ration Card as directed above. , please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll Free No.1697, or the District Grievance Officer, East Jaintia Hills District.
However, according to sources, HDR has sent his resignation letter only to fulfill his duties which he had already spoken to reporters yesterday, but he has sent it to The resignation letter to the Chairman, but at the same time he will wait for the news from the debate in the House tomorrow 24th July and if the House cannot pass the Bill The resignation letter submitted by the ruling party will die and the Chairman will issue a resolution not to accept it. The Chairman will send the information to the Governor of Meghalaya, HDR Lyngdoh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah SS Syiemlieh, one of the Magistrates, said that the DC has summoned Basterwel Bareh and his team today to seek clarification from them on the closure of the school. Factory Walls.
The KHADC has announced that any Nongmihkhmat in the area of ​​Dorbar Shnongs before issuing Residential Certificates to the residents, must verify the residential status of these residents in accordance with the Act, Rules. of Hima/District.
Bah Sanbor completed the filing of nomination papers on Monday and was accompanied by BJP leaders and office bearers from all over the constituency, who marched in a rally to the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Speaking to media, Baghel expressed his satisfaction with the low crime rate in Meghalaya compared to Uttar Pradesh, but added that Meghalaya has registered several cases under the Narcotics Act.
Kevin Christopher, who captained the team for the first time, although he didn't score many runs, but his 40 runs tied (not out) helped the team to win. .
Lewotki Pariat took 2 wickets and Deibormi Rangad took 1 wicket.
The party also congratulates the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma for his efforts to issue mining license to the members of the party, the statement said.
Regarding this allegation, she said that in fact there was only one file containing the Measurement Book but the BDO has produced two files.
He said that by organizing this youth festival, it is also an opportunity for the youth to showcase their talents in various fields and he hopes that this tournament will be successful. The meeting with the youth of Patharkhmah will also be a good example for other youth of different villages in Jirang Constituency.
Lakhon said that the EC of Thombor has called for cooperation, but the truth is that words and deeds do not match and the opposition MDCs have lost many benefits to deliver assistance to the people.
Speaking on the implementation of the Roster System by the government until 1972, Bah Sadon Blah said that in fact the government should not have implemented the Roster System until 1972 but should have implemented it continuously since then. agree.
After the EM Finance, Bah Antonio War, mentioned the good deeds of the CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has criticized the people especially for his protest against the MUDA's boundary crossing to the areas under the jurisdiction of MUDA. Speaking on the occasion, HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem said that the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act, 1973 can be implemented throughout the state. He said that the Building Bye Laws of MUDA are only the orders of the government and not the laws passed by the Legislative Assembly. law and is only a child of this Act.
He also expressed the need to set up hostels and coaching centers at the college for the convenience of the students of the area.
They also said that there is no politics in this step and what they want is a better future for the future generations.
On the other hand, Purohit, who has been in office for five months, praised the tourism richness of the state more than Kashmir but it lags behind. This is due to insufficient publicity to inform the world.
In Germany, Europe and the USA, the voltage is not less than 230 volts (in the USA it is not less.
Shillong: The UHM, in a statement issued by the President of the Union, Bah Charlie J Rani, has expressed its anger against the State Government and the District Council for their unfair behavior, which has led to the incident. you're tanky.
In Ribhoi, one person from outside the state, in East Jaintia Hills, one high risk case and one case in West Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills.
They said that in West Khasi Hills, 90% of the residents are employed as contractors.
He said that according to the findings of the National Achievement Survey (NAS), it has praised Meghalaya for being willing to take this step to introduce education in these two subjects to the children since they are still small.
“By 2023, Nongstoiñ will be made one of the smart towns and the improvement of roads in every village are the goals of the NPP. employment opportunities for the youth so that they can stand on their own feet".
Shillong, Nailar 12: As part of the efforts to strengthen the working methods of HANM North West Khasi Hills, the HANM North West Khasi Hills District has opened its office at Mawmaram on the 10th of this month. which is about 10 kilometers from Mairang.
With four wins from most of their matches, Meghalaya is leading the plate group while Manipur is in second place.
He said the Williamnagar Water Supply Project is an initiative of the Government to ensure that every household in Williamnagar has access to adequate drinking water.
“We’re running out of oxygen.
Speaking at the first meeting, Dr. Mukul Sangma expressed his gratitude to the people who came to witness this special day to confirm the candidate of the Trinamool Congress Party from Mawkyrwat Constituency. .
Sacred Heart Girls HSS started the program with a drama entitled 'Shackles' performed by the students of Sacred Heart Girls' Higher Secondary School, Mawlai. on this day.
Tomorrow at 2:30 pm, Kick Start Football Coaching Center will play against Mawkriah West SC in Group A while Kharang SC will play against Synroplang 77 in Group B at 2:30 pm. 4:15 p.m.
The suspect was identified as Dombelkut Nongrang, 35, from Mawlai Nongpdeng.
The woman alleged that her husband, who lives in the same district, has abused her and three children without feeding them for nine months and now she is living in misery.
He said the project is to ensure that the MTC can stand on its own feet.
The disease has spread to Delhi's major cities including Noida, Ghaziabad, Gurgaon and Faridabad, with 7,630 cases and 142 deaths.
About 68 youths have been arrested and hundreds of people have been injured including more than 100 policemen.
India is now witnessing unprecedented investment in infrastructure.
However, their relationship between the victim and the perpetrator is very different in terms of free will.
Therefore, he appealed to the farmers to become united in all aspects so that they can develop agriculture further.
This church was founded in 1898 by the deceased elders of the church.
The number of cases has increased from day to day, the death toll has increased and in these months at least 20 people have died per day.
““Taking the example of my case, I would like to tell the people not to be afraid to lose heart.
Among the leaders who spoke first was Bah Ardent and in his speech – Bah Ardent expressed his regret, because there has been an allegation that he was the one who introduced Laitkor and others. “The MDC has alleged that it was Bah Ardent who brought MUDA and u “It's been published in the newspapers in the past few days,” said Bah Ardent, explaining many of the paths he has taken with his team to fight against the border crossing. MUDA.“After the government's announcement, nobody came to protest, but we came out longer, because at that time I was in trouble. “I am here to witness because I came to pray for me when I was in bed and after I was recovered as Chairman of the Dorbar Laitkor Pyllun and as an MLA I gathered the people,” said Bah Ardent. “After that we started the protest and at that time our MDC was still on that path that he was still interested in politics and he was still busy preaching the “We are still busy fighting for the people,” he said.
All of this is the result of Christmas, which Herod did not imitate.
He said it is up to them whether they want the demarcation to remain the same without going anywhere.
The Rot Association of Meghalaya (ROT) is concerned about the publication on Facebook, Whatapps and others that the headquarters of the Rot Association of Meghalaya (ROT) is located within the Sam boundary of Nongmensong. Kharmuti President, P. Mylliemngap Secretary and D. Mawlong Publicity Secretary.
He said the government has acted in accordance with the provisions of the Lokayukta Act which stipulates that officers who are still in office should be appointed as members of the Lokayukta.
The question is Tynsong, Bah parents don't have the money to buy smartphones for their children who are online, will you help yourself or take money from the bank? Please Answer me.
“Of course, the Government and I also want to fulfill the aspirations of all the teachers but as the Government does not have enough funds, it will depend on the funds of the Government,” he said. I don't have the will but I don't have the challenges because of the lack of money.
The prizes were awarded by the Chief Guest Kyrmen Shylla (MLA), in the presence of Hamlet Dohling President MFA, MFA members and EJHDFA members. Dhana SC won the Best Discipline Team, Shaiñ Muksor of Thangskai Tiger SC won the Best Goal Keeper, Ioanis Suchen of Sutnga SSCC won the Player of the Tournament. Shillong, November 15: The SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 match between Umphrup SC and Lumshyiap SC has ended in a draw. 15.12.2023 on 15.12.2023
“I would like to remind you that these MLAs who have won the election, remember the words that you used to use when you campaigned for the election, that if you win, you will do it. While you can provide employment to the youth and bring about economic development in the constituency, this is the time for you honorable leaders to support your constituency with your Please request your fellow MLAs to support the Reservation Policy. What is more sad here is that our Honorable Minister Kyrmen Shylla, who used to appear well in the Reservation Policy, has passed away. He said that due to the absence of these MLAs from East Jaintia Hills District, Wanshwa Nongtdu has not revealed anything. He decided to leave his home and visit the people in all the villages in East Jaintia Hills and requested them to give their full support to the Reservation Policy which is the recruitment scheme to help them. young men looking for jobs to get jobs.
At this meeting, it was also announced that from Tuesday, 23rd June, the union will revoke the commercial licenses of foreign taxi drivers in Shillong.
Furthermore, she urged those who have contracted the disease not to hesitate but to come forward and report to doctors for treatment.
He also urged the youth in politics and the unemployment is because most of the people do not elect leaders who have the spirit and goal to develop the constituency and the state as a whole. other.
By R.Khonglam and R.Khonglanoh, Eastern Province, Pynursla.
A commercial vehicle, a Maruti Alto, collided with a crematorium on Pasyih Garampani Road on Saturday.
They said that the complaint to the DC of Ri Bhoi District is to ensure that these religious leaders who have the intention to disrupt the peace and order of the people should not be allowed to carry out this evil intention. and that the law enforcement agencies should take action to investigate these people who have disrupted the peace and order in the area.
Eurester Mynthlu scored the first goal for Khliehmynkrem (34) and Eurester scored the second goal (59) in the second half.
The family members of the victims have tried to seek help and tried to phone a relative of the Mawhati MLA, but he has spoken loudly and refused to talk. He said that Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare will no longer contest the election from Mawhati.
After completing his studies, Zeth traveled around Bangalore, Calcutta, Magwara, Mysore, Vishakapatnam and other places. was invited to play in the city of Dubai.
There are only rngai, I am not afraid of rngai, I will go and dig up what is buried.
Sangma, who won Tura for 40 years, won 19 constituencies from Tura while Bah Pala, who won from Shillong for the second time, won only 17 constituencies.
SCA won by 35 runs.
“The holding of the rally at Jantar Mantar is a just demand as enshrined in Article 29 of the Constitution of India which states, 'Any group of people living in India who has a language, their own culture and characters have the right to be preserved.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that the decision to visit the people of the area will be in a peaceful manner. also to understand with the people, so that there will be no opposition or confusion when the boundary settlement has taken place.
The mother, who was one month old, had gone to give birth to her baby under the guidance of an ASHA from Umden PHC, but was sent to the Civil Hospital. They were sent to Bethany Nongpoh for scanning.
A spokesman for Cancer Research UK said larger and longer-term studies were still needed.
Jitendra Dkhar in his speech said that the party has received information about the plight of Kong Mary Kyndait in relation to her house.
Asked, the chief secretary however said that although vaccination will not be made mandatory but an advisory will be issued that it will be better that only vaccinated people should attend places of worship.
The poisonous nature of such insects is because these insects eat food that has been treated or contaminated with pesticides,” said one of the doctors.
Nongpoh, Naitung 19: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today announced that it has suspended two of its leadership members, after finding that they failed to provide the necessary funds. partnering with the organization in many ways.
Even after a few years, the Bangladeshis will rule, because I saw in the results of the 5th Battalion, most of the Dkhars who joined the police are Muslims.
Friends, this is my 50th article since the beginning of Lockdown-1 until now.
Those present on the occasion included M Hoque, Chancellor of USTM, Prof. GD Sharma, Vice Chancellor, Prof. Vonid Kr Jain VC of Tezpur University, Prof. SK Srivastava VC of NEHU, students, teachers and parents who came to accompany the students.
Joseph said the RSS members were the instigators of the people in Kulesra village, alleging that there was forced conversion.
Leaders of various political parties who took part in the rally included NPP Leader Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader. Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, Leader of the Opposition, State President of the All India Trinamool Congress, Charles Pyngrope, MLA from Nongthymmai Constituency, BJP MLA from South Shillong Constituency, Sanbor Shullai, State President of the All India Trinamool Congress, Sanbor Shullai. Voice of Peoples Party (VPP) North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, Minister of State Alexander L. Hek, Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar and MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla.
For the post of President, no candidates were un-contested and Bah Rutherford Lyngdoh was elected President.
The world is also witnessing the conflict between the Jews and Arabs of Palestine and the violence of the Israeli Government.
Therefore, to protect our Jaidbynriew and State, it is only the responsibility of each and every one of us to do any job by reducing overwork or injustice to our employers. Otherwise, we will not reach anywhere but we will continue to fail while fighting to protect the society of the Jaidbynriew and the state.
Employment to youth.
In this regard, the Peitngor Group has urged the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Dorbar to take action otherwise the party will take a tough stance, said a statement from Bah Teibor Dkhar President. Lumparing Upper Inspection Group.
This authority is known as the “Dewani of Bengal.
Therefore, the HNYF does not want to see that the bodies of Khasi children from time to time will be lost and shot.
The party has also decided to appoint Village Community Facilitators (VCFs) to implement the projects.
Speaking to the leaders of the JJM Implementation Team in Assam, the Minister said that although the deadline for completion of all the works of the scheme is 31st October, 2024 – Special measures and measures should be taken to ensure that all works can be completed before the end of
In a statement, he said that religious discrimination is one of the strongest constitutions in India and the country should not be divided by religious, ethnic or linguistic discrimination. .
However, the signs show that in this attempt to manifest, the NPP has been ahead because not only does it have the most MLAs in the MDA government, but it also has the two leading leaders. The Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Deputy Prime Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
There are currently 12 members of the Planning Board including John F Kharshiing, Dr Adviser Pariong, Shitlang Pale, Adolf Lu Hitler, Lahkem Rymbui, Fersen C Momin, Francis PR Sangma as Co-Chairmen. Dr Eurika Lyngdoh and Manas Das Gupta as Deputy Chairman.
The suspect was identified as Bul Shullet of Shangpung.
Walter, who has won many dance competitions, has been invited to showcase his dancing skills at many venues.
When they entered the ground, they tied the hands and feet of three guards and tied a gamcha in front of them.
At the same time, the former Chief Minister said that he is studying the political situation in the state before taking any decision.
The new unit of the HFU was inaugurated by the President and Secretary of the HFU Thadlaskein Block.
Meghalaya has reported 578 deaths from COVID-19 with 14 deaths in the past 24 hours on Monday.
Hancock is now working from home to prevent the spread of the disease.
With the support of some of the higher authorities, the sale began to increase.
Thomas finally died in Calcutta on 16 September 1849 after physical and mental hardships.
The incident was reported to the police by a man from the same village. The police on receiving the information rushed to the scene. The body of a foreigner was found lying in the house.
Kane doesn't fit.
However, he is a lecturer at NEHU. This type of hunger has its role in winning elections, besides improving the people of the hungry, which may be followed by others – other organizations, too, in the future.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Boundary Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday held a meeting with the Chiefs of Mylliem, Raid Nongtung, Nongspung, Nongkhlaw and Nongkhlaw Himas. Jirang to confirm their ownership of the land to demarcate the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Besides, the Minister said that the MDA Government is determined to move forward with the MoU and said, “It is a big milestone” and added “This is the MoU signed at the level of in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs, for this reason, the surveillance has gone ahead”.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: The HSPDP Nongstoin candidate Bah Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit has been one of the candidates to complete the nomination process for the upcoming MLA elections.
And that Day is the last 7 years of the 70 years foretold by the prophet Daniel.
However, there is a lot of controversy over the Assam government's plan to dam the Wah Khri at Kyrshai for the purpose of generating electricity.
Mukul Sangma to discuss railway line at meeting of 13 political parties and Mukul Sangma today in a room where journalists were not allowed to sit together.
Sindhu, who is currently ranked ninth in the world and fourth in the tournament, has suffered a 15-21 defeat. -12 18-21 against this opponent which is also the first time that the two have met in such a foreign tournament.
On this occasion, awards were given to the Cham pions with mememto and cash prizes to groups and individuals included
These items were handed over at a short meeting chaired by the President of the Seiñraij, Binroy Dkhar, in the presence of the Dolloi of Raliang District, Dr M Tyngkan, General Secretary Rideiwa Dkhar and Hamjhan H Dkhar.
If we talk about the crowd in Iewduh, there is also the truth; However, if we talk about other issues, there is a problem and the State Government should immediately provide adequate warehouses and storage facilities for these shops on the outskirts of the city. mlien and that the sellers and buyers should be happy as well.
The NGT also refused to give six months as requested by the government lawyer and others.
And even if the rivers are still flowing, the water is no longer drinkable because it is too polluted.
In addition, in government offices, we will find that many private vehicles line up and clog the roads.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest stressed on the impact of bad habits especially on the young students.
According to Bah Warlarpih, the state police have not done anything to seize the cows and arrest those who smuggle them but it is the efforts of the BSF. “It's been a long time since I've seen this,” said Bah Warlarpih.
Shillong: Today, 7th November 2020, there have been 68 cases of COVID-19 in the state and 55 recoveries per day.
My aim is to free the people from disease, backwardness and poverty because I am one who has been a victim of backwardness,” he said.
You see, if we humans think we are more knowledgeable and wise than God and His Word, then it is not a problem.
Shillong, March 28: Two unidentified robbers today attempted to kidnap the son of Superintendent of Police, Bah MK Dkhar.
It is painful to see people running from one hospital to another to seek help for their loved ones and to see the bodies waiting for the last rites.
Village leaders from these three villages, including Bah Donbok Kharshandi Rangbah Umrangksai, Bah Celestine Syngkli Rangbah Nongkhrah and Bah Banaijingsuk Khongdup Asst Rangbah Shnong Lumbyrhing. He said that if there is a Kyiad shop in the area, it will become a place where children are taught to drink and which can cause destruction to the society. .
One more question- Where and when will the second beast appear? The second beast, the religious ruler, will come from Christianity.
In the second leg, Ar Dolloi FT beat EJHTOTA 3-1 with goals scored by Swellmon Shylla in the 36th & 41st minutes and Erick Dkhar in the 52nd and 52nd minutes. EJHTOTA scored the first goal in the 8th minute.
One drug dealer was killed and five others, including a policeman, were injured in a shootout at Agiathuri near Amingaon in Kamrup district on Sunday. .
“We suggest that the government should hold a meeting between the KHADC officials and the government on this issue.
The court said Jonathan Eluterio Martinez Garcia, 17, committed the crime and murder with the intention of raping the teacher and injuring her. This person has a terrible weapon.
Our incumbent MP is experienced and has worked for three terms and I request the voters to vote for her again so that she can continue to work with the State to implement the you grow you par.
Andrew has filed another Misc Application No. 258 of 2019 to request the Court to suspend the Dorbar convened by the Chairman, Finelyness Bareh. The Meghalaya High Court has said that the dorbar should not be dissolved and will be chaired by the Deputy Chairman and the Chairman shall be an MDC and has the right to vote and other rights. Baeh to conduct the dorbar and act as Chairman, until the conclusion of the case WP(C) No.383 of 2019 which the court is still pending to announce the decision.
Shillong: UDP MDCs from Jaintia Hills today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong to demand that the Governor should expedite the passage of the Salary Increase Bill for the Council MDCs.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent said that the discussion here is not for the Rangbah Shnongs, but for the purpose of maintaining and strengthening the Dorbar Shnongs. head of the Village Council.
Ricky Lalbiakmawia, leader of Mizo Zirlai Pawl, said the protesters would wear long shawls, which are usually worn when going to funerals in Mizoram.
Speaking to media after the test, Kong DBS Mukhim said that this test is to ensure that the fish is safe for consumption.
Take for example, some of our people who are supporters of the party from the north, have expressed in the newspapers the achievements of this party in its development activities.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The WJNC, after inspecting the Civil Hospital in Ialong Village, West Jaintia Hills District, has found that the sewage water from the Civil Hospital has been flowing from the Civil Hospital. and it also damaged the highway.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the introduction of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the areas within the KHADC boundary is not appropriate. Because the ILP is an issue that has to be taken up with the Central Government.
Bad bun other other de.
Mawphlang, Lber 31: Many of the dignitaries of the village have arrived at Mawphlang on the opening day of the Mawbynna Monolith Festival.
Khasi Culture : When they talk about the Khasi custom, we find that they talk only about the custom of Khyrim, Mylliem, Maharam etc. but they don't talk about the custom of War, Bhoi or Pnar. There is a difference between the Khasi – they are all Khasi and not other ethnic groups.
Two trucks carrying kwai tyrkhong and take possession of them.
Shillong: The KSU Umrynjah Unit, one of the branches of the KSU Mawlai Circle, has received a tip that a 12-year-old girl has been raped and raped.
“We don't see that the Syiem is acting alone as shown in the report and it doesn't appear that he is giving patta to foreigners,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Thank you very much for your hard work.
At the same time, Jemino said it is time to allow the present EC to work on various issues that are faced every day. He also praised the MDCs of the HSPDP. , KHNAM and UDP who stood firm on the basis of supporting the ARPA, despite the violence.
Michael Syiem expressed his surprise that for more than three months now the government has been hiding these rules and has made them public after the protests.
However, while standing near the river, he was drowned in the river and at the time of writing, his body has not been recovered by the police.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah has made it clear that the R&R Colony has already been renamed as Them Rynjah and all non-Khasi residents have to obtain NOC from the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah and not from the Society.
Therefore, they create many tricks just to get up in class.
K.Blah, General Secretary of the HNYF, Bipul Thangkiew, President of the RBYF, Samla Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary of the KSU, Sengkmie, Luistar Lyngdoh, President of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi and others.
Delhi, November 29: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday inaugurated the Akhil Bhartiya Shiksha Samagam at Bharat Mandapam, Delhi on the occasion of the three-year anniversary of the National Education Policy
On behalf of the HKGM Ministry, a speech was delivered by Dr B. Lato, who reminded that the Ministry focuses more on the backward villagers to assist in the provision and treatment.
He denied that the government would hide anything from the public regarding any matter.
Therefore, we should ask the Government of India how will the repeal of Article 370 affect us the indigenous people and the Hynniewtrep people who are still struggling for status and recognition? Isn't it special in the Constitution? There is Article 371 and the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution which provide special protection to certain States in India and the North Eastern States.
The seminar was conducted by the Internal Quality Assurance Cell, Department of Philosophy and Internal Complaints Committee of the College.
In the second half, both teams strengthened and replaced players.
And Abraham came into the land of Abimelech, and Sarah his wife;
Lack of education and lack of knowledge leads to many other evils and backwardness creates problems for society.
Shangpung Moosyiem SC beat Chutwakhu SC 4-0 with Rimino Papeng scoring the first goal in the 16th minute. Keany Langbang scored two goals in the 40th and 54th minutes and Treimi Langbang scored in the 80th minute.
Teilinia Thangkhiew MDC from Mylliem constituency, supporting the demand of Bah Pyniaid, said that there should be a joint inspection between the Hima Mylliem, KHADC and the District Administration. Teilinia said that the people who built the temple have received permission and this too should be done because the time is not right.
As soon as they found these bombs, the residents informed the village leaders, after that they informed the Umiam Police Station and the Umiam Police informed the Police Bomb Squad from Shillong. , where the Special Bomb Police, rushed to the village, to seize the bombs found by the residents.
The final of the Recurve Men individual was held on Saturday (24th June) where Mrinal Chauhan of Punjab University Patiala led by Pawab won the gold medal. Jaswinder Singh of Punjab University, Patiala won the silver medal.
Why do they say that? Because their main occupation was always farming.
Shillong, November 4: Students who study computer science in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and others will receive certificates directly from Microsoft Headquarters, USA. Sawmi said the Ramakrishna Mission, Vivekananda Cultural Center in Shillong has provided training to about 25,000 people in the last 12 months. The Microsoft Authorities of the USA have come to talk to this training center for the purpose of issuing Microsoft certificates through an online examination.
“It is believed that those who committed this crime committed or came to steal at night,” said Bah Tiewsoh.
A budget of Rs 68 lakh was distributed to 297 athletes including coaches on this day.
He urged that there should be an association of these herbalists so that they can work properly.
“Jesus Christ has been raised from the dead” 1 Corinthians 15:2
He urged the Society to continue to promote this agricultural product in the world, and urged the Society to provide training to others so that it will be of benefit to the Society. others are farmers in the state.
Conrad K Sangma has expressed his gratitude to the Dream Foundation and Baichung Bhutia for choosing Shillong as the location to set up the Residential Football Academy in the North East. to progress in the game, they can get a fitness experience through this program.
He said the Government has directed the Deputy Commissioners to suggest the setting up of new Aganwadi Centers in 1,500 villages which do not yet have ICDS. The meeting also discussed the DREAM project and how to make Meghalaya a drug free state.
Similarly, the Rongram-Phulbari road worth Rs 132 crore has been constructed by the contractor of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The Revenue and Disaster Management Department has directed the Deputy Commissioners to start selecting those who are eligible to receive, on the basis of the rules laid down by the State Government.
Whether the fish found with formalin are from Andhra Pradesh or other states, the Commissioner said that this will be known when the Government sends forward with an investigation.
Since its establishment on 16th November, 2016, the Commission has been operating from Guwahati as nothing has been provided in the state.
The HYM East Khasi Hills District has also warned against those who supply without proper challans because the challans have been sold in Byrnihat as tin shops. D. Sawkmie, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Movement (HYM) East Khasi Hills District, said in a statement.
Ardent said the election authorities should thank the VPP for taking this step to train the people on its visits around the country to explain to the people to come out to vote. vote to elect an MP, because in Meghalaya the people don't take the initiative to elect their MP.
To strive to connect villages and communities by roads.
Three years ago, another village (I don't want to know the village that has disgraced the Hima) said, "We are allowed to build a church here only for church A and church B, church K is not allowed.
Shitlang Pale donated 8 votes, Emlangki Lamare 10 votes and KSU Sonapyrdi 2 votes.
Police have also conducted heavy patrols in some places to prevent any disturbance.
He urged the leadership of the Sein Raij Tuber to follow up on this issue and to cooperate with the government so that it can provide assistance for this purpose.
The arrested were identified as Lorence Zomuanpuia, 32, and Lalmalsawa,
The committee has already sent a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs urging him to look into and re-establish the signboard and remove the FMR. The Minister in charge of Transport, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the state government has allocated 100,000 kyats. crore in the 2023-2024 fiscal year to pay for the helicopter which is the share of the state.
The Minister also assured that the government will work hard to ensure that women and children live in peace in the state to ensure that peace will last.
The Seng Khasi holds this annual meeting of the Seng Khasi and this is the meeting of the youth organizations of the Seng Khasi. meeting.
Article 371 (I) of Goa states:- “The Legislative Assembly of Goa shall have 30 members.
Carrying a lot, the couple had to walk slowly and it took them nearly an hour and a half to get home.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Biangbor Paliar reminded that as human beings we should take care of the environment and also we should avoid building houses near the rivers as this will reduce the rivers. “We must be an example to others not to harm the environment in order to preserve it as it is and if we clean too much it will become a disaster. for the inheritance shall come," he added.
Man is a spirit and must rise again after death.
They don't want development works to come to Garo Hills, they don't want economic development to come to Meghalaya and that's why when they see the development works coming, they have raised their objections.
During this inspection, we also learned that the village leaders, elders and residents of Brichyrnot village have supported Star Cement to mine coal from the village. land within its boundaries.
The first phase of the election of MPs will be held on June 19,
They did not dare to deviate from him because they feared and obeyed him.
On the day of the meeting convened by these Umsning leaders which they held at Saiden village, it was seen that all these village leaders, came together and expressed their agreement for the establishment of one Iew Dielang in one of the places between these 25 villages.
Immediately after the suspension of Bah Pynshngaiñ, the Congress Parliamentary Party (CPP) has convened to elect its new leader and has elected Mansturdy Nongrem as its new leader in place of Pynshngaiñ. Other Congress MDCs who attended the meeting were Process T Sawkmie, Donevan Kharwanlang, Lamphrang Blah, Jansing Tynsong and Manstudy Nongrem.
Speaking on the occasion, the Principal of Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Kong WK ​​Blah, expressed her gratitude to the students for their efforts. It also sets the goal of working together for the education of children who will be the future of society and the nation.
He said that if anything bad happens to the people, the MDA government will take responsibility. Bah Birbor Riangtem, Secretary of Hima Nonglang, has requested the MDA government to help them immediately. public, as far as possible, before the fire burns and their conscience is not yet burning.
Here we see that God is the true God, the great God, there is no other but Him.
Although NPP President Dr.WR Kharlukhi has denied this report, accurate sources from NPP officials have said that the entry of PDF MLAs into the NPP will take place before the polls. Sohiong constituency.
“We are good friends with him, but I don't expect him to act in this way,” Kate Sharma told reporters.
On the other hand, the MSOA leaders said that they have seen that even the parents are happy to know that the state government will once again revive the Meghalaya Games for the fourth time. street for 50 years.
Due to the protests in the eastern part of the country, the SAI training camps in Sonipat will be turned into training grounds, while the IG Stadium will be used as a training ground for women.
In the men's doubles, Rajdeep Sarkar and Rajib Dev won, MPde and DN Ronee won, while in the veteran single, Manohar Thaba won and Vinod Mizar won in the mixed. Martha Mukhim and Philoston Diegdoh came first and Justin Kharkongor came second.
Shillong: Ka Marynthing- Ka Snap Paka has launched a traditional costume competition yesterday, 19th October 2022.
He said the National Curriculum Framework 2005 has stated that it is necessary to promote the languages ​​of the regions in the country.
According to the report, the Sirdar's office has announced to the village on the 10th of this month that there will be an emergency dorbar on the 12th of March. They left their duties on that day to leave to find out the reason for the urgent call of the dorbar.
Regarding the inability to build the CHC, the woman is not happy anymore because the land has been abandoned for five years.
This was announced by Kordorlyne Kharlyngdoh, Secretary, Nonglang Sports Club.
Those who violate the lockdown and the directives under the National Disaster Management Act, will be prosecuted under Sections 51-60 of the Disaster Management Act,
He said that the Hima Mylliem has allocated land to 15 households within the knowledge of the Council in Umshing Umjapung as they are residents of Umsohlang. can destroy the water source.
These tools also enhance the capacity to control and detect diseases immediately and this contributes significantly to the cost of subsequent treatment and thus enhances the welfare of the people.
“Assam has five outposts so far, why doesn't Meghalaya want to set up outposts in these areas?” he asked.
I have been voting since 1978 at Photjalei Polling Station when I was in Nongkrong.
The body of the girl was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem, but at the request of the family of the girl, it was released from the post mortem.
On the same day, a Review Meeting was held in which various officers of the District met to discuss the problems in various departments and the challenges they face in bringing about development.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Supreme Court has sought a reply from the Special Investigation Team (SIT) investigating the death of SI PJ Marbiang.
In the past years we have seen the persecution and hatred of minorities, the demonstration that nationalism is Hindu nationalism, the introduction of laws. Hinduism such as the prohibition of cow slaughter, the prohibition of conversion, the CAA and now the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
Who wants to be a slave in his own country except for the border of Ingkhongshyllangmat? ,to rise again, one voice to fight against any law that is against the freedom and rights of the people enshrined in the Constitution of India.
If this is true, the days of Noah and his Ark will come again to these people who have committed bloody sin on this earth so far.
Bah Lyngdoh alleged that the collection of revenue has not been adequate at the gates set by the government.
Deputy CEM Teinwell Dkhar is the EM in charge of the Arts and Culture Department in the old and current ECs.
He also informed about the competition for the introduction of a water supply scheme worth up to T.15 crore.
“In the meeting with Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, we found that the Government has discussed our demand during the Cabinet meeting but they have not yet taken any decision.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State Government, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that the turnout in Sohiong Constituency in 63 polling stations has reached 91.87 percent, which is a significant increase over which is 90.46 percent.
We have arranged these and the dates will be announced,” said Dr Gino A Sangma, Secretary of the DFA and Vice-President of the Meghalaya Football Association.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The Minister of State for Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Ministry of Agriculture has provided income generation opportunities to the people living in the districts where coal is rich. In the Jaintia Hills.
Vehicles will not be allowed to enter from Dhanketi point to Donbosco point and no one will be allowed to enter from Donbosco point to Dhanketi point.
He also called upon the fighters for the independence of the state at that time who gave their lives and souls for the struggle for the independence of the state and through their struggle without with blood, and in the way of righteousness.
Sources said that the proposals related to the declaration of Nagaland have never reached the desk of Kiren Rijiju, although he is the Chief Minister of the North East. .
The Government should also test for COVID-19 in some of the villages where the residents have been confirmed positive for COVID-1 test the population.
“The reason for the decision to set up the two Oxygen Plants is due to the increase in the number of COVID-19 patients who need to be treated with oxygen in Type C and D. Wailadmiki Shylla said while talking to reporters during the inspection of Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong and MCH Hospital on Thursday.
Two government schools, Largoa Government Lower Primary School and Koltapara Government Lower Primary School, have been renovated at a cost of Rs 37 lakh. The meeting was attended by Bah DG Nongsiej, Sub Division School Education Officer (SDSEO), South West Khasi Hills District and also the residents of these villages.
It is no longer appropriate for NEIGRIHMS to retain the name of the hospital and it should be removed by appealing to the Medical Council of India (MCI),” said Bah Adelbert in a statement sent to the media.
"Earlier, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, speaking as the Chief Guest, expressed his regret over the inability of the MSOA to provide the necessary facilities for the players who have faced difficulties before the start of the tournament. in food and drink, accommodation and more.
Nampe is located in the Koloriang Assembly Constituency of Kurung Kumey District.
Shillong, Naitung 26: More than 200 graduates of the Assembly Institute of Music have received their certificates on Saturday.
The department has previously issued such an advisory on July 13, 2022 in which it advised newspapers, TV channels of individuals and online groups and online news platforms to refrain from from publishing advertisements about online financial goal platforms.
“This affects the (low income) residents and education and shows the lack of attention of the school authorities.
The Sein Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle invites all the members of the Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle to take part in this day from the parents, youth and mothers of the Kur so that the program of honoring the Kur will be successful. and thou shalt be the winner.
There are no faithful ones who are brave and courageous like Maki ! The social relationship of the ancient kings with the Government of India.
When foreigners came here, they did not come by any route, but only by trading, selling goods and entering all the remote villages of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
A curfew has been imposed in East Khasi Hills from 10 pm to 5 pm daily.
Zechariah 12:10-11 / Zechariah 13:4.
It is also a fact that as it has been in the past, since the understanding that all vehicles have been issued, that they should no longer pass through the Umiam Bridge, such vehicles and Those who travel from Guwahati to Shillong, have been forced to pass through the Dwarksuid Bridge, from Mawryngkneng to Shillong, which has forced the drivers to take a lot of money. which also leads to an increase in the price of beverages.
The MLAs/MDCs in the government or in the opposition should also work together if they want a clean governance to promote or to agree if there are any shortcomings or mistakes they should correct them together. .
The release of the list is not yet final, but it is only a draft and there may still be names that have to be corrected for spelling errors, which should be removed from the list. electoral roll for death and those whose names have been transferred from one polling station to another.
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: Leaders of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in a meeting today at Ummat Village, Block II have confirmed to cooperate to maintain peace and order in the area. , not to create any racial discrimination especially that which affects the peace of the people.
“Nagaland and Mizoram have implemented the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 which means the ILP,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The Ministry of Education today distributed the State Award to 11 teachers including 33 teachers on the occasion of Teachers' Day held at the Soso Tham Auditorium. teachers who received the District Award this year.
Old Assamese friends said that besides Badminton, the National Sports Club of Assam also organizes sports like tennis, squash, billiards and others at the venue.
She said she had tried to meet with the officers under the Horticulture Department to find a market for the sale of umngap but there was no market.
The Kali were getting stronger and stronger.
On the same day, the mid-term elections of the Shella Constituency will be discussed.
Babu Gervasis is a former teacher of Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School and is also the son of Babu Linus Shadap, who was MDC of Mawlai from 1979-1
John 7:27).
In the 12th plan period, Prestone said that about 5-6 Health Centers can be upgraded.
The President of KHNAM State Youth Wing, Thomas Passah, said that the KHNAM team has visited the market and found that many foreigners do not have trading licenses and foreigners take advantage of the market. He said that KHNAM has found that there are up to 40 percent foreign shops without a license. They are still being re-elected to the District Council.
Shillong: The STIEH today sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, regarding the police's insult to the jhur vendors in Iawmusiang, Jowai. , July 18, 2021.
The friend, who had been hunting with the drowned man, did not know that the man had drowned in the dam, when he returned home, but after When I arrived, I learned that the friend had not yet returned home.
He said that if there is a law to abort a child, the child should be treated according to the rules after being aborted with the consent of the relatives.
" This is not right at all.
However, there are some village authorities who have taken on the responsibility to fight against the garbage from people's homes and start separating the rotten and non-rotten or plastic waste, electronic devices and other garbage. touch the mariang.
Khliehriat: The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (KBCC) on 13th November 2018 renewed its office bearers in the presence of Nehimayah Tyngkan, Leader of the MPCC. Ma Deibormi Syad, the newly appointed President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Shillong, welcomed all those who attended the meeting. Nehimayah Tyngkan to all the members and urged all the new members to work hard and have that spirit of perseverance in order to reach the goal.
This shows that the writer does not have any facts to support his/her opinion except to spread.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Karnataka said that a Flying Squad and police have seized gold worth Rs. The Income Tax Department has seized T.3.37 crore in CV Raman Nagar constituency while the Income Tax Department has seized T.3.37 crore in Padmanabha Nagar constituency.
Prime Minister Duh recalled the words of scientists by saying “India is now on the moon!” He said that we have seen the first flight of a new India.
These Dkhars who had already settled in this area were always willing to thank the king in the Nongspung Hima and paid only the tax to the Hima every year.
He said that in order for the people to know what he has done in the last five years, he has prepared a performance report explaining all the types of works, schemes and development works that he has done. distributed to 36 villages.
Replying to this, the Minister said that the education department will look for ways and means to appoint temporary teachers while the government has not been able to complete the full recruitment.
No market is allowed on the street except for shops in compliance with the rules of Social Distancing.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, who is also the Leader of the Meghalaya Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), today said that the rules for peace talks between the Hynniewtrep Armed Forces (HJP) have been changed. The HNLC and the Government of Meghalaya are in the wisdom of the Government of India.
Please call 9863389561, 6909030952, 9436363922 if you have any information.
He said that the name of the JSU and JYF leaders as China Bazaar is the name they have given themselves but his shop is Dapoiwanmi Variety Shop. “I don't want my shop to run well, without an announcement it can't run,” he said, adding that he has not yet been able to provide all the documents to prove his ownership.
HITO said that ACHIK should seek detailed information, according to the rules of law before speaking, should not just set fire and urged the government authorities to these groups should be watched closely, as they are misleading the public.
The HYC's visit to Prestone came after receiving information that the Government will hold a final meeting with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on 7th June.
The story in the book of Esther is easy to read, and many novels, dramas, and plays have been produced based on the lives of Esther, Mordecai, Haman, and others.
After hearing the cry, the residents went to see and conducted a search inside the river using fish nets and finally found the body of the fish. and he went out into the wilderness.
He has been in politics since 1978 and has not stopped contesting elections.
Even if these elders don't know A and B, they have the power of understanding and understanding as adults.
In another report, it was reported that after receiving the complaint, the police;  Ian Swer SDPO Sohra together with Bah W. Biam today visited Mawryngkang to hold a public meeting at the Dorbar Hall of Mawryngkang Village to explain to the people that such activities They will never happen again and if there is anything wrong, the law will punish them without forgiveness.
It can also be criticized that if the film is released in Khasi, it will be more attractive to the audience.
And you will find that children who have been forced by their parents not to deviate from the customs and traditions of society by being unfair in their food, language, dress and so on. , these children become stubborn and live a poor life in society.
The reason why the NPP can lead the government is because in every constituency except for two or three constituencies where it has not contested, the contest is between the NPP and other parties. They are the TMC, Congress, UDP, BJP, PDF, VPP, HSPDP and so on.
After receiving an explanation on these schemes, questions were also received from the people to get more information about these schemes.
Dkhar is currently undergoing treatment at Shillong Civil Hospital.
The match on the 25th of this month will be between Chilliangraij and NSA at 12.00 pm.
“This is a message to the people who called me this morning don't take the name of any ethnic group or para Khasi because many churches are dying,” he said.
He said that the UDP has the right to meet the Expert Committee to discuss or give further suggestions if there are any new suggestions as it is only the UDP that takes responsibility for this issue. .
The Samiti is the party involved in the murder of journalist Gauri Lankesh.
Shillong, July 17 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday rejected the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on the demand for the removal of all political appointees from the boards. and various commissions.
There will be two matches today, July 22. The first match will be between Mawlai Sports Club and Kharang Sports Club at 2.30 pm and the second match will be between Ïasnohktilang Football Club and Ïasnohktilang Football Club. Lumparing Sports Club at 4.15 pm.
Therefore, the Dorbar has re-elected the former Rangbah Shnong.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 29: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (PPP) Mawthadraishan on Tuesday launched its public campaign with a rally at Mawkyllei village which is the birthplace of (L) bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, founder of the party, under the leadership of Bah Wallyson Sohlang, former Acting Chief of Myrïaw Hima, welcomed the elders who joined the party. Kotbor Warjri, a strong supporter of the UDP and others.
This is where the benefits of online classes have been discovered.
If a BDO is not performing properly, he/she should be informed to the higher authorities.
He said that with the return of peace and order in Assam, the battalions of the Assam Police will replace the Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) which have been involved in the incident. to patrol in the State of Assam in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
She also informed to construct adequate drains to prevent the flow of waste into the Myntdu River at 11 places in different districts of Jowai.
The Government has set a target to provide electricity to all villages in the state and has also focused on the use of solar energy and other environmentally friendly sources.
The Union said that their main demands are to confirm the casual teachers as full time employees and also to release the arrear.
He said the government has discussed thoroughly on this issue especially those rules to be amended and the department in charge of this will prepare them and will discuss them again at the next Cabinet meeting. .
From that time on, there was no more trouble.
They said that the office has said that because they have been appointed based on the high percentage, if they do not issue NOC, the villages cannot work.
It also refers to the struggle to survive in a village or country where the air and water are clean and so on.
The Dorbar Shnong Diengpasoh Pyllun on Tuesday demanded that the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) should apologize for misleading the residents through the allegations that have spread in the village.
Tymmen Basan WK Lamin said that the War Jaintia Presbytery is still young and received its own Presbytery in
Remember that the pregnant pig and the young pig should be fed.
Even the bomber of (L) Rajiv Gandhi, the former Prime Minister of India at that time, was imprisoned for many years but now she has been released because Sonia Gandhi and Rahul have forgiven her. an.
It has also directed issuing of notice returnable on March 11.
Referring to the youth who face difficulties in finding jobs, he said, “If the TMC comes to power, the youth who apply for government jobs don't need to meet us but they will get according to their hard work. their".
The next day a strong urge struck Hep's mind to meet Lydia.
While in the police, in 1982 he was appointed to look after the security measures for the then Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi.
“We strongly oppose the Assam Government when it comes to cross the border without the consent of the residents,” said Bah Serbilin Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP. They should not be afraid if Assam continues to establish a border in the area.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister expressed his gratitude to the Union Minister of State for Child Development for laying the foundation stone on the 75th birth anniversary of (L) Purno A. Sangma.
“And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us” (1 John 5:14). to You be the glory, Amen.
He said that recently in a meeting with the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, he saw the people together with the leaders from the Syiem of Raid Nongtung Miwell Shadap who expressed their concerns that the people in the area. They have been meeting from time to time for decades after the previous governments failed to create anything.
The names Maram and Jaintia are the names associated with the ancient Hima rule because this name refers more to those who lived under the Hima Maharam and Hima Jaintia.
Police have lodged a complaint on the incident and the investigation is ongoing to arrest those involved in the extortion and bomb blast.
Many women were also involved in the ongoing farmers' protest in Punjab on the Delhi border. On the 26th, to drive the tractors, will show that the daughters are also alongside their fathers, in the protest against the Indian government.
The program will start with a prayer at Khyrdop Lum Sohpetbneng at 7 pm and at 11 pm there will be a prayer on the Duwan of this sacred mountain.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now entered its fifth day with Laitjem CC and Cricket Lovers Sohra winning.
Meanwhile, after the ball escaped from Lang Shiang, Mukhim managed to shoot with a right hand and it went straight into the net but the opponent's goal was scored. to score what might have been a really beautiful goal in this match.
Images of Lord Shiva, Goddess Durga, Goddess Kali and Sai Baba were seen covered with their heads.
Williamson has now reached the milestone in his 92nd Test match and 161 innings, which is considered faster than Taylor's 112 Test matches and sien appeared before him in the battles.
The race will be held on the 31st of March and will start from the Main Gate of Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Dulong Poh-hali Road – Dulong – Pamhadem – Panaliar (Civil Hospital) – Iongpiah – Mission Compound – H.K.Singh School – DC Office – New Hill – National Highway and finish at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium (Finishing point).
New Delhi: In the state assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh, the BJP has so far won 266 seats while the Samajwadi Party has won 118 seats.
In Guwahati alone, 378 cases have been reported today, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam.
Some have taken their own lives in the struggle to listen to the grievances of the farmers in the ears of the Prime Minister and his ministers.
In addition, the Seng is pleased to learn that this Heprit has been selected by the Sports Authority of India (SAI), Shillong to continue to train herself in this field of training for the youth. participate in various competitions.
The 188th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima has once again been a day of remembrance for many churches especially for the children of thousands of Hima Nongkhlaw. riew Great.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has banned the issuance of exit polls until 7 pm on 27th June.
Alana Martina gave birth to a daughter from Spanish model Georgina Rodriguez on 12th November
“Whatever problems they encounter in the implementation of the roads, they should review and check every three months so that the works will not be disrupted in the implementation,” he said.
Besides President Raisi and the Foreign Minister, others killed were Tabriz prayer leader Mohammad Ali Al-e-Hashem, East Azerbaijan Governor Malek Rahmati and presidential bodyguards. and the helicopter crew.
According to the Superintendent of Police, WKHD, S.Nongtnger, Bostik is also the son of Bolly M Marak of Awek village, which is still under Shallang PS. The robber has been involved in the support of the GNLA for many years.
These writers should know the origin and origin and should not criticize others.
Mewothi Gatphoh, Sergeant at Arm Rtn.
The residents of Thadbamon, West Jaintia Hills District, said that they are surprised that in Thadbamon and Nongjngi areas, the price of electricity has increased from time to time. Most of the bills show that they are 200 units and he alleged that those who burn day and night and those who burn only 2 or 3 hours get the same bill at 200 units. He said that this is the mismanagement of the fire brigade or the exploitation of the people especially in the rural areas.
One person, a 64-year-old man from Maharashtra, who frequently travels to Dubai, has died of the disease.
Besides, the department of industry has many manufacturing units within it which can sell to tourists as well as the department of art and culture has a big role to play not only to showcase the culture to others but also to showcase the culture to others. We can also do many things to improve our culture.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the situation of Covid-19 in the state will be reviewed thoroughly and then the government will take a decision to suspend the lockdown. to continue the lockdown.
This question was not answered by the Minister of Transport, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, but by the Minister of Legal Metrology, Bah Samlin Malngiang.
Speaking on the occasion, Congress Spokesperson in the state, Bah Hima Muktan Shangpliang, said that Bah Lapang's decision to leave the party is a surprise and a great loss to the party. you party.
Close down immediately these factories of the foreigners and you will be happy forever, because if this happens you will not have peace.
New Delhi: China has strongly criticized India's plan to change the state of Jammu and Kashmir, accusing New Delhi of underestimating the country's sovereignty, especially in the Ladakh, which is located between Tibet and Pakistan.
Speaking to media, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos said, “When you do anything, do it with the knowledge of man and knowledge of God. “This is something we cannot accept at all,” said the CEM. “This is an institution where only Khasi live and not an institution where We are here to look after the country and the nation and we don't want to do anything for that reason don't come and dewthala this office if you have a complaint come in the wrong way. to dewthala this office"
Therefore, you must be able to do it.
Shillong, Nailar 8: Besides many of the problems faced by the taxi drivers, another problem has been faced by the taxi drivers. “We have received information that some hotel managers and owners are banning tourists from taking taxis and claiming that there is no peace. “If you want to play, you can drive your car,” said Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa.
The Right to Information (RTI) seeker, Bah Disparsing Rani, on 14th October, explained to the public the report he received through his RTI search on three issues, including the T .50,000 for those who have died due to COVID-19, the availability of posts at NEHU and the Institute of Hotel Management (IHM), and the suspension of the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana ( PMUY).
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Raid Nongtung Circle today closed down the shop of a Nepali named Tilku Bahadur at Mawlasnai.
The first case of covid-19 in Mizoram was a pastor and many priests have died in Italy.
Shillong: A severe earthquake has struck the Shillong-Dawki road this morning.
They talk to each other and say – See? You have done nothing; behold, the world is gone after him.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Daniel Lyngdoh Nonglait, who has written and published a book on the life and work of Maieit Hoping in the past years.
Not everyone is equal in knowledge, especially those who are illiterate to understand those odd and even numbers; Information to the Dorbar Shnongs to announce to the public within 7 pm before the public leaves the house to get medicine.
On this occasion, the residents of the village came out to express their sorrow and encouragement to the family who lost these two children.
The demand for the amendment of the Reservation Policy is like a dispute between the VPP and NPP and other political parties on the Reservation Policy. thangjam through the political system.
The Secretary of the MHRC said that the MHRC has seized a Suo Moto after seeing through the media on the 17th of this month in connection with the incident. Several bodies of Assam residents have been found in parts of East Garo Hills district.
On behalf of the Waheh Shnong of Namdong B and the entire village, they expressed their gratitude to this man who has the spirit to share the responsibility to improve the village. -19, 15 cases have recovered and 77 cases are still active cases on Tuesday.
On the specified dates the NAV under all the Funds will be Rs.
It was also found that there are places where even the mawria is not covered but only the soil is covered and the colour is cleaned.
The appointment of Bah Hering Shangpliang as the new coach of the team is part of the preparations for the upcoming Shillong Premier League. Shillong, Nailur 11: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 match was played at the 3rd Ground on Tuesday. There are two groups that have won the title.
People will become more worried when their money is affected.
In the men's category, Raynel Kharbuki (RKH) beat Raymond Ronghang (RBD) 21-10, 21-15 and Stephan Marwein (EKH) beat Mewanlamkupar 18-2 , 21-19,21-14.
This is according to a report in the Pakistani newspaper Dawn.
Only Fr Sngi, who has not forgotten Sohpetbneng, even with that colour, laughed and shouted for the joy of getting another priest from the area who was immediately his own brother.
“The Prime Minister has focused on Vocal for Local,” he said, adding that the PMMSY aims to increase fish production by 70 lakh tonnes by 2024-25, which will increase income. The fish export industry will reach T.1,00,000 crore by 2024-2
Shillong, November: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar, Shillong has decided to hold a cleanliness drive on the 16/12/2022 (Thursday) starting at 8:00 pm.
Why is this said because according to the laws and procedures, the schemes must have proper figures, how much rot or cement, how much shyiap or mawria, how many skilled workers or unskill labour, another for the construction of a Community Hall the cost is 7,50,000/- (9 lakh fifty thousand) while the cost of wages is 1,50,000/- and the cost of materials is Materials – 6,0000/- (Three lakh rupees).
“This election is not to say that I will win but 2023 will prove that Nongpoh will elect a person or a party.
In the last semi final today, it was a very interesting match as to reach the final for their team, the players had to fight hard by scoring many goals. col.
Amou lives in a rural village in Deggah and is also an intelligent man who tells stories about politics in France and Russia when people come to meet him.
Milk, milk and cheese are the richest sources of protein and fat.
About 72 policemen have been tested positive for COVID-1
Speaking to media on Saturday at Shillong Press Club, Bah Nikistar said that the SDO has issued the permit from 29th June 2023 and once the order is issued, the price of The union of traders has met with the SDO on the 10th of this month to express its concern over the lack of Quarry Slip to purchase and trade quarry to the SDO. Bangladesh as well as other stone traders of other organizations.
The Chief Guest, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sniawbhalang Dhar, in the presence of Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, WJDSA members and others.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday lodged a petition with the Supervisor of Karuna Trust Company (KYC) to provide MBBS doctors for the Public Health Center in Warmawsaw Ribhoi District.
This is the first time that the Miss Northeast pageant will be held by the Northeast Beauty Pageant Organization (BASN) in collaboration with the Government of Nagaland. .
tar-ly-tar : which cannot speak to that which is lying dead on the ground.
The award was presented by the Vice President of the AIFF Larsing Ming Sawyan in the presence of AIFF officials, MFA and others.
Yobin, who represented Bah Ïangrai, said the Supreme Court has issued a notice to this effect and will soon hear the bail application of Bah Ïangrai.
On the other hand, Bah Hamlet said that the reason why he left the PDF and joined the NPP is because he sees that the party has intelligent leaders who can bring about many changes. the whole state.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today, 27th November 2022, held a public meeting at Motphran.
“The NEC is currently considering the Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the improvement of the market.
A Yamaha Scooty (ML 05 R 8831), driven by a young boy, collided with a Maximo Cab (ML 01 6940). rud street.
Villages that do not have markets have boarding houses, water supply, roads, schools, health centers and any kind of development works.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Jonas Lyndem Rangbah Shnong Nongsder as Chief Guest, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang President, Gershome Hat Vice President, Markus Makri Joint Secretary, Ashok Khongsit Finance Secretary. .
Brighstarwell Marbaniang, Leader of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) from Mawlai Constituency, said that various political parties have tried to mislead the people of the state but he believes. He said that the people of the state will not be deceived especially in accepting the National People's Party (NPP) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the state.
“There needs to be confidence in the government or the District Councils so that it can implement development projects because without confidence, it will cause problems to the people and the state,” he said.
Shillong: An MDC from Umsning Constituency today lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, regarding the indecent posts against her on social media.
In this Career Guidance Counseling, the students were explained how to choose the streams of study in the Arts, Science & Commerce streams and all the scopes within these streams.
The Critical Care Blocks (CCBs) are 50 bed hospitals and two CCBs will be constructed in Williamnagar and Khliehriat.
We believe that the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people have been defeated.
Because those days are hidden, it is necessary to read the Bible and examine how the world is, and then we will see that these are the last days.
Noting that the school has done its best to prepare for his needs, he said, “He is a shy child and although he was shy when he first came, we encouraged him until he it was like the other students.
According to police sources, Toberth G Momin, 24, of Ganggugre village was one of the suspects involved in the kidnapping of Chokpot BDO Jude Sangma.
The Lapangap Dorbar Shnong and the KSU Lapangap and Khanduli-Umshangiar unit have requested the state government to talk to the Assam government to immediately stop the construction of this road.
It is not known whether the NPP will remove the Ministers from the Seng Riewlum, the UDP or the HSPDP or the Ministers from the NPP.
Khan has been accused of assaulting actress Rachel White, assistant director Saloni Chopra and journalist Karishma Upadhyay. They have been imprisoned for many years, because of the threat of U Khan.
About 800 students have left the Institute today, as they are not residents of the state.
The election day will be on the 27th of this month while the counting of votes will be on the 3rd of October.
In place of Darwin, the government has appointed the incumbent SP of West Jaintia Hills, Bikram D Marak.
The match between the two teams was very interesting and friendly as no goals were scored from the first half.
The Khasi, Jaintia and Garo did not appear anywhere.
After the completion of the project, an opening ceremony will be held in the presence of officials from the state, central and Bangladesh governments.
On 23rd November, 2013, the Supreme Court passed an Interim Order not to compel anyone to register for Aadhaar as the UPA II Government has replied to the SC that it is a matter of personal preference. not voluntary not mandatory.
The funeral service will be held on 1.04.24 at 2 pm at the Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
The Public Health Engineering (PHE) has been digging the road to install Ductile Iron (DI) water pipes along the road. National Highway 40 is located here.
The four deaths were from East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills districts respectively.
When inspecting the house, it was found that some of the signs on the road had collapsed and the house was locked.
Ashish Kumar of Himachal Pradesh, who won the silver medal at the 2019 Asian Championships, will face King Son of Manipur in the featherweight category.
If the government had passed a law on Khasi white liquor as requested by Bah Don, it would have increased the revenue generation.
If the NDA government has any intention for the benefit of the students especially the low paid JEE and NEE examination candidates, it should hold the examination at the headquarters of the NDA government. Districts where students can take their examinations online and at the same time off-line.
Every night, dozens of Sumos and Maruti Alto 800s are parked at this place to line up to transport passengers around the area.
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC beat Nangkiew Irat SC 3-1 in the 18th match of the Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Saturday. Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw scored the first goal for Rangdajied in the 52nd, 77th and 90th minutes, while Nangkiew scored the first goal for Rangdajied in the 74th minute.
“In order for a fair trial to be given, those involved in this incident should be punished according to the law,” he said.
The Late Jien Pyngrope Memorial Knockout Football Tournament 2022 was organized and conducted by the Mawkynrew Cup Organizing Committee today. Nongkrem FC and Jongksha SC beat Laitkor FC in the first leg of the tournament.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone urged the village leaders to work together with the government for the full implementation of the project.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Friday visited the Shillong District Jail to understand the shortcomings inside the jail. to transfer all the prisoners to the Shillong Jail to be built in New Shillong Township, Mawdiangdiang.
In the past few years, it has been reported that such incidents happen in villages that have mixed with other ethnic groups, but now this incident has entered even in villages where only Khasi live.
Under his captaincy, India reached the semi-finals by beating Bangladesh in the quarter-finals.
The Taliban are inviting young people from Bangladesh to join them in Afghanistan.
“In previous years, the National Games have witnessed the participation of leading athletes like Neeraj Chopra, Sania Mirza, Mirabai Chanu, Sajan Prakash and Manu Bhaker.
Anything done in a hurry is harmful not only to one but to all, so young people should be adults and not children”.
Besides these office bearers, seven members of the Executive Committee including Teibor Kharkongor, Chongkam G Momin, Noyontho Marak, Kyrshanlang Wahlang, Wanbait Ksoo and Hubert Marbaniang were also elected.
Many Village Employment Councils (VECs) which are the implementers of this scheme have complained that the Government has not released funds to pay for the material components such as stone, mawria, shyiap, nar rod, dewbilat and other equipment used in the implementation of various projects through this 100 days bill scheme in the villages.
Dr Sangma acknowledged that the state has faced financial difficulties due to the lack of coal mining in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Prof. GG Swell, who has completed his Master's Degree from Calcutta University, has returned to Shillong and married Lajopthiaw Lyngdoh. After a while he received a letter of appointment from the British Government on 14th July, 1947 to become a teacher at Cotton College in Guwahati.
Marbud said the Sengbhalang groups have appealed to all government employees not to go to work and they should not be afraid even if the government threatens them because the Sengbhalang will be with them.
The Joint Action Committee of Jaintia Hills, led by (L) Professor GG Swell MP Lok Sabha and Dr Henry Lamin who is also the Minister of Meghalaya, elected Phidalia Toi. MM Thaiang, Gilbert Sten, JU Nongrum and Doloi Kwor Suchiang, Doloi Raliang and left for Delhi to meet the Prime Minister HD Devegauda.
Now let us look at the road department of the state.
The banks that the KSU has visited are ICICI Mawkyrwat Branch and State Bank of India-Ranikor Branch.
"This is impossible.
He said the Emergency Operation Center (EOC) should be operational 24 hours a day.
These are times of conflict against Christ and his true followers.
However, the Supreme Court has referred the case back to the High Court of Meghalaya.
From the information received, it is understood that the two brothers were locked up in a room and could not write the examination. They are the daughters of William S Sangma, one of whom is still in school. five years old and another 10year old.
That means that it is the same as 'NG' but you want to change it, but the elementary alphabet has only those letters from A to Z. In different parts of Ri Khasi, the Amwi and Lyngam languages ​​require the letter 'cj' according to the sound to be read.
They all carry pop.
If the government covers up the damage caused to the farmers by wild animals, it will put trouble on the government because without doubt the farmers will take advantage, destroy the wildlife by 5 percent, they will give an account and demand another 300 or 40 percent. percent because many will not be happy to receive it.
Ardent also asked whether there are any government land allocated to MLAs or their relatives.
The youth collided with a truck after trying to pass a vehicle in front of him.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) through its spokesperson Saket Gokhale has filed a complaint against Assam and Meghalaya with the NHRC in November 2022 following the incident at Mukroh village in Meghalaya. In Assam, five villagers were shot dead and one forest guard was killed in the retaliation.
After the completion of the search, the team will send back a report with their recommendations regarding these players.
He said that until now no people have lived in Umpleng except for a few shops.
“On the other hand, the Seng has come to ask for clarification from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah on the reasons for the Central Government's rejection and the statements made by the Central Government in which Bah Tynsong has explained. that the MHA has returned the Bill with directives to reconsider certain provisions of the Bill, especially to ensure that the laws of the State Government should not conflict with the laws of the Central Government”.
The prize distribution ceremony was attended by the Waheh Shnong Evermore Suchiang, Leborki Passah General Secretary and other members of the village.
Thynroit SCC scored 100/9 in 20 overs with Mandari Dkhar top scored with 19 runs (20) and Mansuk M Kurbah with 3 runs. 13 ha to 4
But even so, she didn't know what to do.
The court also directed the Solicitor General, Tushar Mehta to take action and be aware of the ongoing work and to respond on Tuesday.
Now, when Bah Hoping is no longer alive, Bah Denis said that he just looked at the shap of the lion, and he was shocked, because he remembered the journey, the stay. He also remembered the plight of the border residents, who are often harassed by the Assam police.
He said Meghalaya, which borders with Bangladesh, needs to have a petrol station.
It is also worth mentioning that the main reason why this group of farmers have come forward is to fulfill their demands from the land allocation and also in terms of payment on the land. MePDCL will open the power plant on the 3rd of next month, which will be inaugurated by Dr. Mukul Sangma. Try.
The Principal Secretary, Community and Rural Development, Meghalaya, Sampath Kumar, said: 324 crore, T.314 crore for purchase of equipment and T.10 crore for expenses such as salaries of employees and other administrative components.
Cricket Lovers Sohra won the match against Sohra Combine CC through the DLS method which reduced the match to 9.0 overs, target 24 runs.
We will fight against the actions of the BJP in many states of the country against Christians”.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Greater Iewduh Welfare Association, Victoria Marweiñ, who sells syiar, said, “There has been no extortion by the Hima Mylliem as alleged. Who are those NIAs we don't know, since when they formed the party in the market even we the party of Greater Iewduh don't know that the party was formed. Victoria Marweiñ said that the donation was 10 tyngka, 50 tyngka, 500 tyngka and even 1000 or 2000 tyngka. sit in their will when they feel ready.
Clashes in Ichamati, East Khasi Hills near the India-Bangladesh border have escalated following the killing of two foreigners following a rally against CAA called by the Khasi Students. Union (KSU) and other civil society organizations.
Therefore, the KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit requests all those who have passed the examination, to submit their marksheets along with their phone numbers to the office of the KSU by the 31st of this month.
Nangkiew Irat started the season with a 2-1 win over Sawmer SC on Tuesday while Nongthymmai SC beat Sawmer SC 2-1 Rangdajied United beat Rangdajied United 1-0 on the opening day of the tournament.
When asked, Prestone said, “Yes, the case in the High Court is ongoing.
Wankhar also appealed to the Commissioner of Food Safety of the State Government to investigate the matter. Come and see the fish in the market so that there will be understanding and knowledge.
Congratulations to you for taking part in the MasterChef!" Speaking of Nambie Marak, she is from Meghalaya, where she has shown her skills through this cooking competition, keeping a reputation to attract judges and audience alike.
When the rangkynih and rangphawar use this word, they include the characteristics of human beings, thought, society, family, walking, standing, income, longkha longman, dress. righteousness, rule, judgment and all those things related to human life including religion, customs, worship and shine.
The Dorbar Shnong has congratulated and wished the MDC to continue to be strong and able to improve the society.
Nongstoiñ: A house in Kyrdum village has collapsed at around 2:00 pm this morning after a blazing fire broke out.
From Sohbar the road runs west through Tharia village and continues to Bairong Bazar to Majai to Pandua.
The SP also praised the members of the VDP who have been able to build their own office with the financial contribution of the members and some residents without receiving any assistance from the Government.
Perhaps the government does not have up-to-date statistics regarding the number of poor people.
However, after his death, the group became reluctant to speak about these facts.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 328 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
“We have also asked for allocation of funds in the budget,” he said.
Shillong: The President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang, on Tuesday urged the state government to allow the opening of jhur shops every day to help the farmers. for there are many fruits that have ripened, and it is the time to harvest them.
These dignitaries, who released these songs, expressed their gratitude to all those who have taken part in the preparation of these songs, and urged them to continue and work hard, that they may increase in this gift.
Shillong: The construction of the Traditional Cultural Center (Shlem Tynrai) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at Jingkieng Kalong is underway.
In fact, a good example should be set by the CEMs and EMs, Secretaries and Heads of Departments.
Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes, while speaking as the chief guest, said that the government has struggled to bring training in the villages of the farmers to facilitate them. what they have learned.
Speaking at the meeting where the Dorbar Shnong Sohryngkham has already handed over the land to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for the construction of the PHC, James K Sangma said, “Sohryngkham is a well-known village. , as it is the largest village in Asia and therefore deserves to upgrade the Health Sub-Centre to PHC”.
He said that after completing the legal requirements, the body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem. each of these is a government hospital.
The pine needle is also a blessing to those poor and needy families because they can make a mattress to sleep on.
Residents of Iewmusiang, Moosalyngkat, CNI, Seiñraij Jowai, Jowai Presbyterian Church and others from nearby Iewmusiang took part in the event.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today re-established its new office in Sohkymphor village.
On this occasion, they discussed many issues on the land under Raid Nongtung Block II, where they really want and desire as the union and the land owners in this boundary arrangement, but what is wrong is that There are two Umlets, one Umlet in Mawlasnai which is called Umlet, but the true Umlet is from the Ummat.
He said that the semi final match which will be held on Saturday and 3rd November, 2023 will be announced at another time when the weather permits. and during the scarcity of rain.
Kembhavi.
On the other hand, the DC of EKHD has announced that; “The cleaning of this river shows the power of cooperation among the residents.
The Chief Minister said this in response to a zero hour notice issued by the UDP MLA from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem on the decision of the Hindu groups who have put up posters across Assam ordering the Missionary Schools to close. remove all religious monuments and churches from their premises and stop using educational institutions for religious purposes.
In Byndihati, 37 households have been affected, of which 15 households have been destroyed by the storm.
A total of 647 people from 14 states have been infected with the virus after attending a Tablighi Jamaat service in Delhi's Nizamuddin.
However, a case was registered under Jowai PS C/No 83(4)16U/S 325/506/34 IPC R/W Sec.04/12 POCSO Act R/W Sec 23/25 Juvenile Justice Act 2000.
Speaking to media, Bah Sniawbha said that the National People's Party (NPP) is getting stronger and stronger and this is a good sign to win the upcoming elections.
Rupang tonight also tried to talk to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, who is from the same constituency and who came second in the 2013 MLA election, but he did not respond. you call, even though you’ve called five times.
South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills have no cases pending due to the lack of Special Public Prosecutor (SPP) to prosecute the cases.
Dhoni was not selected for the East Zone U-19 (CK Nayudu Trophy) and Rest of India (MA Chidambaram Trophy and Vinoo Mankad Trophy).
Condemning the Trinamool leaders for the departure of the MLAs, Conrad said, “Out of the 12 MLAs who joined, most of them will no longer be with the Trinamool”.
Angela Rangad, leader of Thma U Rangli-Juki (TUR), has alleged that the government is corrupt through the funds to support the workers who have lost their jobs due to the lockdown to curb the spread of COVID-1 -19 last year.
Meanwhile, the MDA has approved to include women in the Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Scheme.
We hope that what happened at NEHU will not happen again and that the authorities within the NTA have taken this incident as a great warning.
Don't forget your dignity and honor. This is what will protect and preserve the human dignity of us, the children of the Khasi people.
What have we done in these 49 years that we have not turned our attention to schools in the rural areas even in the city? What is the reason for the decline in literacy among young men and women? The reason why we cannot provide good schools to provide education to compete with other states, although our literacy rate in the country is 75.5 percent according to the census data of 2011, is good.
The Cabinet approval is to implement the Lokayukta Act which has been approved by the Governor.
A meeting was held to mark the opening of the Digital Village. The meeting was attended by Ma S. Sanki Lamare Waheh Shnong. Raliang is also the Chairman.
There are those who have accused the former Rangbah Shnong of issuing the NOC. However, the surprising thing is that there was no opposition at the beginning of the construction of the Iing Mane especially by the people of the village. They witnessed the opening ceremony of the Pastors of the Church along with JM Kyndiah who is also a former MDC from Ummulong.
Even the salary is determined by the employer.
In this regard, the leaders of the union said that after attending the India-Bangladesh Business Conference in Dhaka, they had the opportunity to discuss many issues related to the trade and marketing of agricultural products to the country. Bangladesh.
He said that the border areas also have Village Defense Parties (VDPs) under the supervision of SDPOs, OCs and ICs to patrol their villages and curb crime.
There is a need for such improvements, but we feel that we need to have a rule to monitor the recognition of blocks and districts in the recruitment process and there should be a grading system for the most qualified people. less in income.
Ft.
After searching the pla at Madanriting Police Station, police seized 21 soap boxes containing 253.53 grams of heroin along with some clothes. up to Rs 2 crore.
Regarding this threat to the media, on 11th July 2021, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the threat of The HNLC has made it clear that it no longer respects the work of the people especially the media which is the fourth pillar of the Constitution of India.
Palmima Rani from Mawlyndep village had to send for a thyrnia to give birth to her baby at Ganesh Das Hospital NEIGRIHMS, while the baby died. They were taken to Nazareth Hospital on Tuesday.
“It is necessary to preserve and promote our own language, and we must also remember that just because we love our own language, we don't respect others,” he said.
Such changes are often seen during elections and the reason is because those young leaders are bought by another candidate who has more money.
The 79 cases from East Khasi Hills District include 53 High Risk Contacts, 2 ILI cases, 1 health worker and 1 policeman, 5 cases from Bishnupur, 1 case from Golflink, 2 cases from Jaiaw. One case in Laban, one case in Madanryting, one case in Mawkhar, one case in Mawlai Nonglum, one case in Mawprem, one case in Oakland, three cases in Rynjah and two cases in Umpling.
The events of the 28th Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 are in the Under – 18 Years Boys (12 events) 100M, 200M, 400M, 800M, 1500M, Shot, Jump 3000M, Long Put(5.00Kg), Discus Throw (1.5Kg), Javelin Throw (700 gms), Medley RelayUnder – 18 Years Girls (12 events) 100M, 200M, 400M, 800M, 1500M, Shot Put 3000M, Long Jump (3.00Kg), Discus Throw (1Kg), Javelin Throw (500 gms), Medley RelayUnder – 16 Years Boys (11 events) 100M, 300M, 800M, 2000M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put(4.00Kg), Discus Throw (1.25Kg), Javelin Throw (600 gms), Medley Relay, Hexathlon {Six Events: 100M, Long Jump, Shot Put (4.00Kg), High Jump, Javelin Throw (600gms), 1000M}For Hexathlon: Day 1- 100M, Long Jump, Shot Put & Day 2 – High Jump, Javelin Throw, 1000MUnder – 16 Years Girls (11 events) 100M, 300M, 800M, 2000M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put(3.00Kg), Discus Throw 1.00Kg), Javelin Throw (500 gms), Medley Relay, Hexathlon {Six Events: 100M, Long Jump, Shot Put (3.00Kg), High Jump, Javelin Throw (500gms), 800M}For Hexathlon: Day 1,- 100 Long Jump, Shot Put & Day 2 – High Jump, Javelin Throw, 800M.Under – 14 Years Boys (6 events) 60 M, 600M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put (3.00Kg), Kids Javelin Throw (300gms) .
The job of the priest is to open the way to God for the people.
Shining Kyntla President of CoRP Central Zone said that the landslide on Mawtari Myrdon road which also connects four villages was caused by the fiber installation of Jio company which has caused the people to lose their lives. now I don't have any trouble coming and going because of the earthquake.
“In Shella constituency, the BJP has a strong base and we have sent this decision to Ram Madhev and Nalin Kohli,” he said.
She demanded that the government should release the fees for the vehicles of the indigenous people who carry goods nearby.
The CORP has expressed its surprise that the Forest Department, which is located at Khadar mer Byrnihat, has not seen the rnga collected at the factory.
The vehicle (JH-05-CX-5295) was hit by a roadside bomb.
Revelation 17:1
Regarding the recruitment of vacancies in government departments, Conrad said that MPSC, DSC from time to time have announced publicly and conducted various examinations and it takes time because they have to pass. according to the appointment rules of procedure.
On this occasion, scientists and experts who have introduced new techniques were awarded by the SFA with awards for their contribution to scientific development and their work. new buit.
He said that 1,634 dancers have come to take part in the Shad Suk Mynsiem this year.
(a) In these two cases, the bill is in Kilowatt Hour.
He said that T.74 crore has been requested from the Tribal Affairs Department for the improvement of markets in districts, sub-divisions and block levels, which fall within the boundary of the Council.
He said that the Government has taken notice of this issue and has taken the necessary action and the Chief Secretary and the DGP have already talked to the senior officers. Bihar and requested to provide security to these religious leaders.
The Christmas Feast reminds us of the Child who showed us the Way to the Goal.
The death rate from the corona virus is about 2.5 percent so the country with a population of more than 1 billion people, therefore it can lead to the death of many people.
The box containing 28 boxes, including two small boxes, was found when the Thai Vietjet arrived at Taipei's Taoyuan Airport.
“The fare collection will start from 01.12.21 at 7 pm and all the residents are requested to cooperate with the volunteers appointed by the Dorbar Shnong,” said the Secretary Mawkhar. Village Council.
The two parties will meet and decide on the candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
“It is only a political motive because the elections are approaching and the BJP can buy the votes of the Hindus,” he said. the purpose".
The village that wants to enter Meghalaya is Baikam, which has 37 households.
Furthermore, the number of vehicles and other assets perhaps makes the state rich.
'Gauri Mam Karwado with my wife Suhana My monthly salary is Rs 1 lakh+.
The incident took place at the Women's Study Prep School in Wimbledon and police did not treat the incident as a violent crime as it was understood that it was the fault of the drivers of the vehicle.
To meet the needs of the time, the Government of Meghalaya has established a Department for the cultivation of soybeans known as the Horticulture Department.
The doctor said that at the time of birth, the baby was not dead, but was in a critical condition.
All landlines will now be able to use the '0' dial.
Mawlai, who won, have been at the top of the points table, while Sawmer, who have been defeated, have dropped to the bottom of the fifth position.
The Japanese government on Friday morning evacuated and ordered its citizens to leave Hokkaido after North Korea launched a missile attack that morning.
When God wants to destroy, no prayer can change the will of the Creator.
Speakers were Fr Jacob, Missionaries of Charity (MC), Sr Grace Mary, Superior, MC, Fr Joseph, Director, Don Bosco Museum, Mawlai, Gautam Lewis who called Mother as a mother. Fr Stephen Francis, Director of MTIFF, also gave a speech. The short film 'Love Till It' was also screened. Hurts' was produced by Pauline Productions.
Donkin SCC won the First Division Shillong Cricket League by beating Masonic CC by 138 runs on Tuesday at the Polo Cricket Ground, Shillong.
The Standards for Emergency Certification improves the quality of care and safety of patients in the Emergency Department.
For those who are smarter than others in the fields of transportation to the hills, rivers and forests, please check carefully whether you don't have a shisha to cook at home and don't have to go outside. Do you know the fish that are in the water? Is it true that you can't eat without a meat? Is it wrong to say that you don't get thirsty unless you drink the blood of wild animals or you don't die unless you eat the flesh of wild animals? What do you have to do with these wild animals that you don't want them to live in peace like you? From time to time it has been found that those who have to lead the people not to kill the wild animals but are the ones who lead them to the forests and rivers to kill the wild animals and dohum.
Khliehriat, July 12: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that on the 15th July 2022, the Independence Day of the country, there will be a day of curfew in East Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
If this university comes here in our state, our children from generation to generation, will no longer need to go abroad to study and be insulted by the rich people who live in the north of India. we are like third class citizens.
Other 11 projects include a spectator hall at Kiang Nangbah Square for T.25 lakh, a seat for officials at Mawkyrwat Square for T.25 lakh and Mawlangwit for T.25 lakh.
“Under this rule, the power of the Rangbah Shnong exists but according to the rules,” said Bah Lanong.
There have been 78 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
The state government has decided to set up a Farmers Commission to look into the problems of farmers in the state.
Shillong, November 14: The Fishery Department of East Khasi Hills District has earned T.89010 in two years from the fish farm at Fish Dale Farm in Shillong.
The coronavirus outbreak has spread in Beijing and Beijing authorities have continued to test people and even goods transported by courier. , according to the report.
Ward Beecher made a public announcement that he had received many letters from writers, and said that some of them had forgotten to sign their names.
Speaking on the rules of driving, the SP Traffic urged those who drive two wheelers to be polite and not to drive too fast. It is also important to wear strong helmets.
After a heated discussion between the union leaders and the employees of the foreign company, finally the employees of the foreign company agreed to appoint only 25 employees, but also promised to fight. I don't want to be a person in this area.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS), one of the NGOs in the community, today inaugurated a 60 days training center for 30 women members of the Society which is located at Bishop's House Lumbih.
“This is an insult to the citizens of the state and especially to the indigenous people,” said Bah Roy.
Earlier, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar and General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that their meeting with the Minister was after the Union found out that they have several suspects named together in the list released by the department recently.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced Bah Adelbert Nongrum as the new President of the party. establish.
The site will include residential buildings, ticket offices and offices, factories, parking lots, parking lots and nine viewing platforms.
The truth should be spoken even if others believe it.
“The work I have done will explain and the people look to me as a policy maker, as one who will lead the advocacy in the Legislative Assembly.
“This area is still lacking in development and is still lacking in attracting tourists so I am pleased to inform you that I have decided to donate for the construction of this pomblang ground. , in order to attract tourists who can showcase the richness of the culture of the people and the state,” he said.
Churchill's players also tried to fight hard, but until the end they couldn't turn the tide and suffered their fourth defeat in the tournament.
“As in the last election, we have contested alone, we have not allied with any political party and for the MP election, we will contest alone without the support of any political party. world," Dr. Chen said.
Those who have these Buds will be notified via email, sent by Amazon, on 15th November
We will stand up to fight for the nation".
These two villages have more than 150 households and about 1000 inhabitants.
Besides the houses, two schools were damaged.
“About 2,000 trucks have been smuggled synsar from Meghalaya,” said a trader from Anjali.
Medical check-up, Aadhar registration and various games were also held for the residents with disabilities.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 30: Youths of the National People's Party (NPP) through the Youth Department of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) Mawshynrut, led by Samla Bendrowell Hashah, General Secretary NPYF WKHD and Ïoanis Diengngan, Witting Mawsor, former MLA of Mawchynrut Constituency, has alleged that he has spoken falsely by saying that he is the one who brought the Civil Sub Division Mawshynrut Block. or the works he has done to fulfill the dreams of the people of the area.
The farmers did not receive the Minimum Support Price due to the harvest of 5 to 10 kilos of rice per quintal and other poor yields.
There are 133 polling stations in the Mobile Shadow zone, 409 polling stations in the Mobile Shadow zone and 29 polling stations in the Mobile Shadow zone.
To mark the celebration of the 13th Anniversary of Nongbah-Marshilong, the Dorbar Shnong Nongbah-Marshilong through the Organizing Committee has organized a Charitable Football Friendly Match at the ground. of Tyllilang Secondary School, Nongbah-Marshilong Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
The deceased was identified as Premel Bamon who worked as a Home Guard and his family including his wife and children survived the incident.
“This trial is what we do, and we are trying again now, and if it is good enough, we will continue if it is not good enough, we will see.
He said the two political parties in Meghalaya are only the Congress and the TMC, but they have not yet held a meeting as they are waiting for the decision of the AICC in Delhi.
The statement said that the struggle of the HNLC is on politics and therefore it is necessary to bring about change and reform to free the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep from many of the problems they face from time to time. .
It has already created 1,500 jobs and has the potential to create another 3,000 jobs, which will result in a decrease in youth migration.
He also urged Timothy not to be ashamed to speak the word of God, for God has not given us a spirit of fear (2 Tim. 1:7-8).
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Guest who is also the MLA of Mawphlang Constituency, Bah Mosklander Marngar, one of the youth leaders of Nongstoin.
The JSM recently lodged a complaint with the PCCF saying that the mining site is only 1.46 KM away and 0.25 Eco sensitive zone. Brishyrnot because they used explosives to quarry stone and caused the earthquake which happened in Lumshnong which caused the destruction of houses and pollution of the air.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: A few days after the Chief Executive Member (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem raided foreign shops in Majai area, 44 foreign shops were arrested. Foreign traders who had tied the door of the Meghalaya High Court for not receiving a No Objection Certificate (NoC) on Thursday have filed a complaint before the KHADC. On the 10th of this month, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem together with Executive Member Bah Joseph F. Lakadong visited Majai and Ichamati villages to raid foreign shops which do not have proper documents. it does not trade in these two towns.
The roads will also be better for easy traffic, agricultural products and other products from the area will be marketed well, and the government, through various departments, will do its job. said.
Elections are the right of all voters given by the Constitution of India to elect anyone according to their free will.
This negligence of the Government of Meghalaya/NHIDCL to improve the road has caused the residents to face difficulties in eating pum pum. “The reason for the pum pum is the large number of vehicles traveling 24 hours a day,” said the Waheh Shnong Umkiang.
In this incident, a truck and a Maruti Swift collided and the driver of the truck sustained serious injuries.
The construction of this road has been carried out by the Ministry of Roads Transport and Highways at a cost of T.43 crore.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued a verdict to allow the non-government teachers (govt.
If that happens, our future generations will not forgive us,” he said.
In another incident, police on 26.04.2022 found another body of an unidentified person lying lyngktar inside the parling lot NL Complex, Malki Shillong. All the victims were taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem, and later shifted to the morgue.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU-EJHDU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the General Manager/Project Director of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). to repair the NH-6
Like Dr Sailo who has healed others from many diseases while he cannot protect himself and his family, so it will be with those religious leaders of ours who have been able to convert many. they themselves cannot escape the terrors of hell.
“He said that the NPP's victory in Dadenggre has been part of the victory in the state as a whole where all the people have accepted that the party will come to power by getting rule alone.
“We understand that the people are angry with this government but we feel that bringing in the NCM will not be enough at this time,” James said.
He said the winners of Meghalaya Got Talent and the choir from Jyoti Sroat School will perform at this programme.
In Archery they won two gold and one silver medals, while in football they won one bronze medal.
Also present were MLAs and MDCs including SC Sunn MDC Mawphlang Constituency, Gillroy Tariang MDC Wapung, Lasky Rymbai MDC Wapung, Lakhon Biam MDC Nongbah, Hepsing Dhar Dalloi MDC Nartiang Constituency, Rgh Jolby Sana General. Secretary Seiñ Raij Tuber, Rgh Marshan Lyngdoh of Seng Khasi Mawphlang who is former Vice President of Sengkhihlang, Anup Kumar ABVP Organizing Secretary incharge Meghalaya, and Kong Darilang Tang General Secretary ABVP Meghalaya State, Dalloi of Satpator District; Rgh Shibun Lyndoh, former President of Seiñ Raij Tuber and other dignitaries were also present.
The Minister said that space technology has helped the state government to identify all the areas with dense forests and how to take action on climate change. It has been of great benefit to the protection of catchment areas and biodiversity.
Speaking to Rupang, Marshall Nongrum said that thousands of residents of Raid Tynring, both men and women, will take part in the indefinite strike. He said it will continue until the KHADC lifts the suspension order issued on 16th October.
The delay in the construction of the Shillong Medical College is due to many unavoidable reasons.
The decision of the party is long.
The swearing-in ceremony was also held for the leaders in charge of the Districts of the State, as well as the members from Ri Bhoi who came to join the party to serve the country and the Jaidbynriew.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton Tongkhar expressed his satisfaction with the opening of the hospital at a total cost of Rs 22 crore 41 according to the revised estimate. Lakh and about 101 posts have been filled.
The arrest of the five was announced by Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu and Assam Director General of Police (DGP) GP Singh.
The meeting was opened by Bah Lastborn Shangpliang as Chairman, as well as the opinions of Bah HM Shangpliang and other elders and women.
However, the government pays only the salary and other benefits like government employees, said Babu Khongjirem.
The world today is filled with spiritual trouble. Terrible diseases are happening in the world.
These days, we are discussing the Coal Mining Act, which we have to apply for permission from the Government of India, or the MMDR Act and then the Forest Act, which we have to accept the wishes of the Government of India and These are a few issues, which need to be discussed and clarified and perhaps, besides this issue, it would be better to discuss and clarify the soskular between the Hima Khasi and the Government of India in In 1947, whether it is still working or not, and if it is still working, we should make it work better, but if it doesn't work anymore, we should shut our mouths.
Article 5 states that it is clear that those who can become Indian citizens are only by birth which means that any Indian is born in any part of India and Article mentioned that one can become a citizen of India through inheritance, which means that if the parents of that person are Indian it doesn't matter if he was born in America he can also become a India and this will only work for three generations.
When asked about the statement by NPP Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong that there may be a change in the government, Paul said, “On this, he (Prestone) can answer more. well I'm not sure".
In East Shillong, many of the residents are foreigners, we have to talk about the increase in the price of housing and land.
Three MDCs of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ( Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ) including Saphai MDC Habahun Dkhar, Barato-Mukroh MDC Aibor Shadap, Mynsngat Khanduli MDC Dawan Lyngdoh, Raliang MDC and Chiliang Myntang The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Reconciliation Forum (HBDRF) on Saturday held a public meeting at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District to discuss the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Marak who is also the State Project Director of RUSA Meghalaya, Principal Consultant of RUSA Meghalaya Bah Rangksan Mawroh, Architect Consultant and Contractor.
When he tells a story, many people shoot him as he shoots them when he tells others (not spreading the tyrut).
“I urge the government to take immediate action to punish those people who have committed crimes at this hospital,” said Bah Syiem in a letter.
Thus, if we look closely and based, if you say that you are those people who have enlightened, it is equal to that knowledge as well as those French or Dykhar.
“We are still waiting for the relevant Ministry to release the second installment within 15 days,” he added.
Among the Khasi, although we belong to the same kur, we are called according to the fields in which we live.
In the second leg, Mizoram beat Assam 6-0 in Group 1, Mizoram beat Assam 6-0 0, Joseph Lalvenhima who scored a hat-trick in the 18th (P), 25th and 37th minutes of the first half. One goal in the 62nd minute of the second half.
According to the information received by the Seng, the incident happened at 11 pm, but it is surprising that another Home Guard who worked with him did not inform the law enforcement authorities or provide assistance to the victim. The man, who was suffering from serious injuries, informed his relatives to come and take him to the hospital in the morning.
It is right for the people to be angry with these soldiers and other security forces because they misuse their power without thinking.
Therefore, if we talk about it, it is necessary to look carefully at this issue as well.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur, 01: A 15-year-old boy has committed suicide by hanging himself on the evening of 31st Nailur, A man has been arrested in Mawkyrwat Police Station.
Other speakers included the BDO of Laskeiñ Dr Brightstar Langbang, Chanky Lyngdoh of CKDS, R Lamare of Agriculture Development Officer Laskeiñ Block, Dr D Tariang of Veterinary Department and Dr R. Lamare of Veterinary Department. Melinda Dhar from Lummuriap and Niphas Biam from Mooshrot.
These food items were distributed under the leadership of Waheh Chnong Sienwanmiki Bareh in the presence of Secretary Shnong Kitlang Lato and other village leaders and members.
Furthermore, for the information of all, the rules under this Dulir Iasoh vary from one Hima to another.
This is to bring about cleanliness in this largest market in the state and which is also very important.
If planted carefully, it can produce up to 12 to 14 mon per acre, but in many rocky soils it can produce only about half that.
About 8 schools participated in the District Level Science, Mathematics and Environment Exhibition 2022. Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat was the winner followed by Horirai Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat came third place.
Ma Titos Tariang, resident of Lower Chutwakhu, Jowai has passed away on the 2nd of January
The BSF personnel who tested positive are from Umpling, Mawpat, two civilians from Jaiaw Laitdom, one of whom is waiting at the quarantine centre, while the other is from Jaiaw Laitdom. He is from Assam and lives in Jaiaw Lumsyntiew.
Bah Sadon urged the Meghalaya and Assam governments not to try to resolve the border issue through bloodshed. for.
Jowai, March 29: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Saturday. The tournament was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Northeast Jowai. The tournament was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Please help us, please help rupang and read rupang.com and send your news to rupangnews@gmail.com or phone to 8837320491 or
Accountant General (A&E) Meghalaya, directly or by email ( agaemeghalaya@cag.
The collaboration with the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship (MIE), which is known as the former PMU, has established strong relationships with the agripreneurs of the state and has helped them to purchase agricultural products from across the state and to process and sell it outside.
Shillong, November 11: The working methods of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) have shown that there is no hope for the benefit of the people of Shillong. The Accident and Trauma Center has been turned into the office of the District Medical and Health Officer. the place has been there for about 15 years now.
On the other hand, Bah Charles Marngar, congratulated the new office bearers of the RBDSA, for being able to revive the RI Bhoi League, which in the past years has suddenly disappeared. .
Bah Malngiang said that this article creates fear and distrust among the people and it is a dangerous thing.
Six persons including the driver of the taxi ML 04 B 0242 were seriously injured.
On the other hand, the UDP MP candidate urged the people to support him in this election and urged the people to have a good basis when voting. The leaders shall not decide in a hurry or in a hurry but shall decide with responsibility so that they shall not make a mistake in sending a qualified person to appear in Parliament.
The stadium was constructed under the SRWP 2021-22 and the MLA scheme was inaugurated on Tuesday.
Shembor Langrin Secretary HYC Mawthadraishan Circle, while talking to reporters, said that the meeting with the HYC Mawthadraishan Circle was successful, as he will send to survey the road. After the survey, he will send a proposal to the Government to take the necessary action.
As scheduled by the Election Commission of India, the people of India have come out on 27th June, 2023 to elect according to their will and ability, who among the 369 candidates, who are eligible to become members of the the eleventh Legislative Assembly of the State.
He said the MR of Assam has promised to direct the SP and police of Goalpara District that such incidents should not happen again.
On the same night, a group of armed men seized and stopped a bus arriving in the area in Noshki district and kidnapped nine people. The passengers of the bus after receiving information that the nine were from Punjab of Pakistan.
of whom not more than four persons shall be nominated by the Governor.
However, to know where we are now in terms of the roster system, we need to look at the numbers and information we have from the past which allows us only to understand where we are now.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has banned the sale of Bailey's water and soda.
In 2015, the District Industries Center Jowai and the Ministry of Textiles of the Government of India funded Asuk as a trainer to train the people of the area in the field of textiles.
“The religion, customs, language, dress and grooming are the same and we don't want to live abroad and we request the Government to send us to Meghalaya so that we can live in peace,” he said. said the Secretary of Baikan.
The three-day Cherry Blossom Festival will start on the 17th and end on the 19th of this month.
They said that the people of Marmain area are in peace with other border villages and informed that this is the first time that such incidents have happened in the village. thaw.
Pamrapaithlu congratulates the Government, the Deputy Commissioner of the district and the Supply Department in the past few months for being able to distribute the rice to the poor under the PMGKAY scheme. Dewanker Dhar has donated Rs 1 lakh to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF).
However, while many of these doubts remain, the Presidency of India has opened the door for the world to look at the 4Ds of de-escalation, increasing digital activities to bring about growth. a faster, equitable and inclusive economy and the struggle for a systematic approach to decarbonisation or reduction of carbon emissions to combat climate changeMri Minister Duh's statement – “", during his meeting with the Russian Prime Minister at the Shanghai Cooperation Organization summit in November, was heard around the world.
The BDO of Laskeiñ, Brightstar Langbang, who was the chief guest, praised the office bearers of the Raij Raliang especially the Dolloi Chawas Lyngdoh who has worked hard and taken care of this project until the house was built. for the needs of the kingdom.
Dr. Albert L. Dkhar, said, “The Archbishop is very pleased that the Meghalaya Board of School Education has decided that if the children fail the examination, they will not be allowed to participate.
For this purpose, a temporary committee has been set up under the leadership or convener of Bah Jurius Majaw, Sordar of Mawkhap Village and other elders of the area. to move the work forward.
“Due to the early signs of corona, I have already tested positive,” Shah said on Twitter.
Her help comes from the Lord who made Heaven and earth.
He said the court is now seeking clarification from the state government, the District Council and the Tribal Affairs Department of India to respond to his complaint.
Dom's words were not answered.
Due to the incident, the villagers on the evening of the 5th of this month conducted a search operation for the suspect (Jansing), and arrested him from and after that they brought him into the synagogue to judge him.
The celebration of this special day of Sir Thomas Jones at Nongstoiñ School and the holding of a discussion forum, has benefited not only the teachers and elders who attended.
Regarding these matches, Bah Raymond said that he is still in talks for the travel expenses.
Therefore, in order to protect the minorities in the North East who have already been affected by the illegal entry of Bangladeshi authorities, the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 is needed, said the Chairman of NESO. The State Government has requested up to 18 pyrtons of security forces to ensure the smooth and peaceful conduct of the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June.
The Dorbarshnong Mynso B, through all its office bearers, would like to express its gratitude to all those friends who took part in helping the victims of the car accident at Tuber Sohshrieh. on Saturday, June 26,
However, we don't see or know anything about them because they don't appear.
This disease comes from the soil if the soil does not get enough sun.
Prime Minister Duh recalled how the House appreciated the steps taken by the country during the NAM summit in the past and expressed gratitude for the recognition of the G20 achievement.
Earlier, Clifford Marak MLA of the GNC had demanded that the government should release the 25 arrested persons without any conditions. on the 26th of last month if the government releases these arrested citizens.
The cash prize for the winner of the Women's Football Tournament will be T.30,000 tyngka and the runners-up will receive a cash prize of T.30,0 which is T.18,0
The question we can ask is, who gave it? The answer is always that the Word of God was given by God Himself, by Christ and by the Holy Spirit.
However, if the Ministers ban only others while they themselves are going abroad, it will not be equal.
In Meghalaya, approval has been given to open a Nursing College in Tura.
The victory of the 7th Wasa today was won by an own goal or a goal.
The Minister said that some mobile tower owners have already paid their electricity bills and others are still pending.
It is more surprising to see that the MLA of the area Bah Sanbor Shulai supports and agrees to give a foreign name to the road in his area.
“If there has been any misrepresentation by my members or employees that has offended or offended anyone, I apologize in this regard and the Company has nothing to do with the construction of your church,” said RK Pareek.
Police have conducted a thorough investigation and search operation to arrest the suspects.
The clash was between the Khasi and the Nepalis and the shooting occurred after the shooting of two Khasi Rangbah by the Nepalis without any reason.
Furthermore, as mentioned above, the State Government understands that this factory was not set up to make a profit, but to support it to become the food source of the Sohra area, and to fight as much as possible. but that it shall not become the white heart of the Government.
For persons with disabilities there will be only two categories namely under 15 years (Juniors) and above 15 years (Seniors) and no registration fee is required.
The news, which we published about the work of swine flu, in 19 villages, is the most read by the readers of urupang.comReaders who shared from our news portal, 229 times, There are 28,773 readers and 2,401 engagements.
Nongpoh: In the hours of heavy rainfall in Umsohlait, Mawhati village in Ri Bhoi district, there was also a thunderstorm and in the thunderstorm in the village, which damaged a house and which was damaged. bring also the injury of Seven persons.
Shillong: The KSU Bangalore Unit will distribute awards to the best students from Meghalaya studying in Karnataka on 31st March 2020 in Shillong.
Imphal: The full Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act will come into force from 1st July 2020 in Manipur, Chief Minister Biren Singh today said.
“People from Bihar come here from time to time to get shares here in our state, I feel it is unacceptable,” said Lambokstar.
She said that the people from these areas used to come to Pomlum PHC for treatment, and she said that the PHC has all the necessities such as electricity, water and its building which is well maintained. She said that within a year from June 2014 to October 2015, the PHC has to look after up to 40,000 people in the area and out of these 40,000, 20,0 470 patients, 200 delivery cases and 3000 emergency cases were admitted during the year.
In the second half, Skhentalang FC scored the first goal through Timi Ryngkhlem.
At the same time, he thanked the Government of India for opening up the opportunities to express these achievements and aspirations.
Shillong, Naitung 20 : U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday said that although the number of new cases of COVID-19 in the state has increased, there is no threat. There are also schools in the state.
“In the past years, I have talked to the Prime Minister on the need to create a Civil Sub Division for Mawsynram in order to bring Khaddar closer to the people but till now the Prime Minister has not taken action. on this,” said Mr. Shangpliang.
Vehicles in Meghalaya do not enforce the law, and thousands of vehicles on the roads emit smoke every day.
Many political parties have been slow to respond to the permission of the villagers because the people and leaders have suddenly turned into jutang, without understanding the reason why they support whom and reject whom.
The Vice President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the Government through the Prime Minister, has promised to suspend all advertisements for government jobs. also reported through the media.
Nongkdat Nongtwah
He said that the composers, storytellers and others are trying to bring awareness to the people to know what happened on this stone, but this man who is the leader of RUPA intends to but to obscure the story of this great stone.
Why should they shut down this dewbilat factory and allow small private factories to emerge like tits?” asked Bah Bindo.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Department of Forensic Sciences (DFS), in collaboration with Kwicksoft, has conducted a two-day workshop on Crime Scene Investigation and Management.
If they do so by force, it will be like a disease that will destroy and destroy the nation.
He that committeth sin is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from the beginning" (1 John 3:8).
“These medals are our life and livelihood.
Kharkong suspected that her daughter had been killed in Guwahati last month and according to police she killed herself in the toilet at the Police Station in Dispur.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu on Tuesday said that the district authorities have strengthened security for the polling day for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 4th of this month. July 2024, and also refused to repeal Section 144 CrPC which prohibits rallies on this day.
The distribution of funds happens during the elections but the promise of this scheme happens after the elections if the AITC comes to power,” he said.
Replying to the claim that the NPP and the BJP are the same, Shangpliang said, “The BJP and the NPP are two different political parties and have their own principles.
In Wushu, Punjab and Jammu came first and second respectively.
It is true that it is necessary to strengthen the number of workplaces in Tura so that the people of Garo Hills can easily complete their work.
Rinku Rani Das, Scientist, Central Ground Water Board, Shillong also gave an explanation on the theme of World Water Day
“We will give our own promise, it has nothing to do with money, we came to serve the people, not to argue, to argue, sometimes the leaders are silent, don't blame anyone but how can we say? In this way, to contest elections, they will win.
When the youth of the village are knowledgeable, the village is peaceful.
He said that the health department has taken seriously this issue and for this reason they have visited many health centers under the leadership of the Minister of Health.
The incident occurred on Tuesday.
“We are pleased that the people of Maweit and surrounding villages will get this road.
Without compromising the freedom and opportunity for Muslims in India to enjoy their rights as they have enjoyed and exercised since independence and other people of India who follow others The CAA (CAA) 2019 has reduced the time required to apply for Indian citizenship from 11 to 5 years for those who have been persecuted for religious reasons in Afghanistan, Bangladesh or Pakistan and who came to India on or before November 31, 2014 with the intention of showing mercy to them in retaliation for their insult.
Or does Delhi want the people of the mountains to follow the Custom of Corruption? As for the case of Babri Bofors, Sikh Riot and others, is it still new? Therefore, all these corruption cases are only common truths that are discussed in the Dorbar, newspapers, public meetings which turn into political propaganda or scandal because the government has not implemented the report of the investigation or paid attention to the court. (fail to translate the common truth into legal truth) because they are the rich, while the farmers, the government departments, the police, the matriculation students and others have been tortured and expelled.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that 25% of the vehicles have been able to operate since the first day in their respective districts.
Basan Nongkseh, said that this demarcation should not be done by chance, but it is necessary to understand the facts.
The pick up driven by Wenly Vaichei of Saitsama was trying to overtake the dewbilat truck and another 12 wheeler truck coming from the other side could not stop. was struck at excessive speed, residents said.
New Delhi, November 18: The Lokpal and Lokayukta Anti-Corruption Act, 2013 was passed by the Lok Sabha today.
The Chenab Bridge in Jammu & Kashmir is the longest railway bridge in the world, at 1178 feet, along with 97 to 98 floor buildings.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 10,000, bringing the total to 10,0
There has been an increase in the number of homestays for tourists, lodges and guest houses in the constituency.
Jowai, Naiwieng 27: Following the protest by the residents of Ummulong to demand the replacement of the Rangbah Shnong of Ummulong, the Executive Committee of the JHADC has taken a decision to replace the Rangbah Shnong of Ummulong. The Rangbah Shnong of Ummulong, Shellsing Langi, has been removed from the post of Rangbah Shnong.
In a stone throwing incident in Mawkhar, the vehicle of the Mawphor newspaper was damaged.
The deceased were identified as Sanjeev Baisnop (32), Jalal Uddin (22), Gopi Das (26), Abul Shiji Borbuya (14), Danny Ram Roy (38), Arjun Biswas (age unknown). ), Paban Singha (23) and Suchendranama Sudra (56) and others whose names have not been released.
“Why doesn't the government authorities strengthen the security in these areas, when they know that they are dangerous? MP elections in Khyndoo Soo and other polling stations on that day”.
The load was heavy but in harmony things went smoothly without any problems.
The 2lane road from 10.670 to 37.550 KM, or Package-II, has been awarded to ARSS Infrastructure Pvt Ltd at a cost of Rs 210/526.68 crore and the deadline for completion is 26th November ; The 2 lane road, which is also for the construction of the Dawki Bridge, from 131+820 to 151+330 KM, Package IV, has been constructed by SS Infrazone PVt Ltd, at a cost of Rs 88.2/445.51 crore. The 2 lane road, including the Dawki Bridge, from 63+530 to 71+520KM or Package V, has been handed over to Niran Cement Structural Limited. 141.14/284.21 crore and is scheduled to be completed on 28th November
He said that during the lockdown, the drivers and owners of vehicles have not been able to earn or even take out their vehicles, but the government has sent to pay all the tax and it is something unpleasant; Besides, vehicles operating from one state to another, have not yet been allowed to pass from Meghalaya to Assam or other states because the government has not allowed them, so how can the drivers pay? that is the tax.
Speaking one after another, RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, Sunshine Shadap, General Secretary Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Isynei Hingne, members of the village leaders of the area, expressed their surprise. , how the government is opposed and wants to use force even though the residents of the area do not want to bring a garbage dump in Mawlwai, because the residents of the area, say that if the There will be a landfill in the area, which will pollute the drinking water and the environment as well.
This day is celebrated across the country in memory of Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis, who was also the founder of the census. you are the father of Indian Statistics.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has vowed to conduct a raid against land vendors from Motphran, Bimola, Khyndai Lad and other areas. foreigners who are no longer recognized until it has caused confusion to the pedestrians and traffic jams.
Robertjune said that the people should know the power of Parliament which as a state has a lot of conflicts, which has the power to implement the demand for ILP, to implement the Khasi language, to regulate the border, to bring about many development projects and many other powers.
Therefore, the Jaintia Dorbar has decided to give its full support to the Government of India to introduce the Khasi Language as the official language in 2018 as per the wishes and wishes of the people. There was also a meeting in Shillong led by the Author's Society, where the crowd was very large.
Before holding the rally, the party had submitted a petition to the Resident Commissioner of Assam House in Dhanketi.
Similarly, in parts of the West Khasi Hills, some commercial vehicles trying to go to Shillong have been seized and sent back to Mairang.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Students of St Anthony's College Shillong through the Tourism Club in collaboration with the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima on 19th Nailar visited Kshaid Mawsawa in Sohra area. to clean up the surroundings of this famous tourist destination in the state.
The suspension of the order came after the Supreme Court judges Justice Surya Kant and Justice Dipankar Datta heard a petition filed by DRUK Fuels Limited against the government. Meghalaya and other cases.
We must therefore decide, which of the two we will choose.
Ban said that when he saw many shortcomings in Mawlai constituency, as a young man who has responsibility for the area, he contributed as much as he could. donation of roads, parking lots and others which he has done for the people.
He said that he hopes that if he wins again by the grace of God, he will be in power so that he can work better for the constituency.
On the statement by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that the government cannot accept the Emergency Cell, Roipar said it is a problem for the government that it cannot because 100% of the cells have been funded by the government. state government and 10% by the central government, the materials are sufficient people have some problems with the government.
The introduction of more educational resources such as the Doubt App for students to share their thoughts with teachers, the Pedagogy app where students can access books and their ability to apply what they have learned.
The KJCLF invites and invites the faithful and Christian leaders to this prayer meeting.
He promised that the government would provide for the needs of the court.
The PM-DAKSH aims to provide skills for employment or self-employment.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 01: After 10 months of spending time in various programs ranging from song competition, talent show and sports activities besides studying, the students of Alpha College of Arts & Commerce today concluded the Recreation Week with a ceremony held at the ground floor of Apha English Higher Secondary School.
One for Messi, and then for other players,” said Guardiola.
Puducherry also closed schools and colleges today.
His works will always remain with us," Rio said.
Directing the State Government to submit an affidavit explaining all the above issues, the Court said that the affidavit should also mention the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme including whether it still exists or not. There are no sites besides Mawphlang, which have been proposed as sites for the construction of more reservoirs.
After these ministers and the Syiem had finished speaking to the journalists, Rupang asked them whether these mawbynna which were erected there were those of the knia. “We are Christians, we don't shymknia, we don't suit, we don't shor, we just erect mawbynna or mawpud mawsam,” said Paie, Francis Sohmat.
It is learned that the coal truck, number ML-06-4248, has collided with the truck in Nongladew village, where it has stopped on the road. The road was blocked by the coal truck, which made it impossible for vehicles to pass through.
New Delhi: Pakistan has sought clarification from India on India's firing of missiles into the country and subsequent allegations that it was a mistake and that it was also a mistake. this is the name, which is still in the process of being repaired.
He said the matter has been taken to the Symbud Myntri in charge of PWD (Roads), Prestone Tynsong for his consideration.
Nongstoiñ, March : The disease of rabies is a very common disease in Meghalaya which affects not only animals but also humans.
Four mawbynna including one 15 feet tall and one mawkynthei were planted at Pynursla after the completion of the sacrifice by the elders.
Furthermore, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that from now on, he will continue to work hard for the implementation of development schemes, which are related to the needs of the people living in the area. He urged the people to cooperate with him as a leader, so that these plans of his to bring about change in the area will come true and will be of benefit to the people living in the area.
Two years ago, Sonowal on 12th June 2022 laid the foundation stone for the construction of Panchakarma Block and Pharmacology & Bio Chemistry Labs with the aim of developing the Central Ayurveda Research Institute. (CARI) is located in Guwahati.
However, when trying to escape from some of the visionaries, they are afraid that the devil will work again after failing to provide dohkyndang like the APHLC (A), MDP and others even the people. he has decided that only one party will be stronger.
Jowai, Naiwieng 12: The BSF of Meghalaya Frontier in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSS DS) today held a discussion, explanation and consultation on employment opportunities through Skill Development Program of the Government of India.
BJP leaders have not yet released the names of these MLAs. For the past six years, BJP leaders from Delhi have been visiting Shillong and visiting various constituencies.
Therefore look and see and know and understand what you cannot see.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) is expected to become the single largest party in the 2023 elections.
There were seven people who survived the flood.
“There are others who write that Shlur or Ronaldo couldn't control the ball, or the car went out at night, because the driver couldn't control it.
The UDP, which is the national party, will have to contest against the NPP, which is the coalition party in the state government.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Chief Adviser of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Bindo M Lanong on Monday paid tribute to Dr Donkupar Roy, former leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP). to give tickets even if you are not sure of winning as a sign of respect.
Nongrum said the KHADC should send the government to accept the old VAB without changing its rules which has violated the rules to prevent the influx of mynder and to protect the indigenous people. .
Apart from the Jaintiapur Hima, the British East India Company did not take over the rule of the other Khasi Hima.
Noting that the Police Department has been fighting against drugs, the Governor said that the seizure of drugs in 2022 has increased significantly to T.71 crore and T.60 lakh.
Makli captain scored one goal in the 70th minute to save the team.
Aiba FC beat Ibarial 5-3 in the tie breaker to win the title.
Regarding the schemes, he said that on his part, he will do his best to provide the schemes, not by giving them to the rich, but by giving them to the poor. The poor who will benefit are the poor who really need help.
ASHAs are not paid as a salary, but receive an additional allowance for the time they work.
In South West Khasi Hills, 3 shops in Nongjri and Umsur have been closed down. In West Khasi Hills, 3 shops in Shahlang have been closed. 30 days to remove all their goods.
Tyrsa said that the residents have struggled as much as they can to repair the Mahindra Pickups, but most of the time when they reach the remote and remote areas, even the women who have lost their babies have lost their babies. They also had to get off and drive the vehicle with the elders, just to get it out of the tight places where they stopped.
The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRW&LU) led by its President Khroo L Pariat on the 15th of this month met with the Principal and Vice Principal of Kiang Nangbah. Government College.
As the time for 2018 is approaching, the party is now focusing on the constituencies where it intends to nominate candidates in 2018 and the constituencies where it does not intend to nominate candidates. Click here to create a Circle or Unit.
In the first part of the seminar, Ms. A.Kharbudon, Industry Linkage Expert SANKALP, MSSDS, was the resource person. Entrepreneurship and Its Contribution towards Employment.
Shillong, Nailur 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday said that the state government will try its utmost to recover the land that has been transferred to Assam. Block-I as many of the residents of this area have expressed their desire to remain with Meghalaya.
Lady Keane College beat Nongstoin College 46-13 in the women's category today.
However, the government has not implemented this law.
It is learned that the officers of the Department of Agriculture were surprised to find that MeECL had installed an old transformer which they found during the inspection of the meat processing plant.
“The districts created in 2013 have been sitting idle without any work and only the DC and SDO have been appointed without anything,” he said.
Tymmen didn't want to be famous, why didn't he go and preach the word of God so that he would be happy?
He said that this is the first time that they have prepared for the Monolith Festival and they did not expect that many people from all over the country would come on this day because it is still the first time. that they organize such a festival.
The pharmaceutical groups have expressed their gratitude to the Prime Minister for his leadership in these difficult times.
However, before the two parties, the Pastors and Conrad Sangma, reached an agreement, Bah PT appeared on YouTube to say, “From the point of view of safety, (protection), the government has taken the decision of the experts and for unavoidable reasons, the meeting had to be cancelled.
There was an article on the letterhead of the United Nations that listed the agendas of the New World Order or Agenda 21, but the Secretary General of the United Nations through his spokesman , immediately denied this and said that there was no such document released by the United Nations.
Paisal Ali took another wicket for 1/11 in 6 overs.
The KSU has strongly condemned the discovery of a drinking water well from the Wah in Khliehumtrew, Mawthei to the water tank at Syad Heh village. distribution to the villages of Umsning area and also to Nongjri and other villages, except Nongthymmai village which has its own drinking well.
"“Even the new party which was formed two or three months ago got up to 4 seats if I'm not mistaken. I don't think we should mention anything about that because we are all Meghalayans whether we are Khasi, Jaintia and we are all Meghalayans. “It's a matter of ethnic differences on the post of Prime Minister,” said Prestone.
Presiding Officers from the North Eastern States, People's Leaders, Commissioners and Secretaries of the Legislative Assemblies of the North Eastern States attended the tournament. .
The body was sent to Shillong Civil Hospital for post mortem and police are conducting investigation.
Furthermore, it was seen that the support of Bah Ardent even from the children was evident from the donations they brought to this visit with their drawings, writings and even books. very nice to read.
The 61st Subroto Mukherjee Cup was organized by the Subroto Mukherjee Sports Education Society (SMSES) in collaboration with the Indian Air Forces. schools across India.
Other speakers included Merryjane Lyngdoh Mawlong, Central Manager, Basin Development Prime Project, Mawkyrwat; ), Ms. Ibarisha Lyngkhoi who explained the importance of Adhaar Number and followed by the registration of more than 20 Adhaar names.
Not only that, regardless of the corruption and corruption with the people in the homes or in the shops, the food shops talk about the corruption of the Khadar rule and the deception, the deception of those in power.
He said the Chairman of the state had spoken to him and during the meeting the Chairman informed him that Congress President Sonia Gandhi had ordered the MPCC to send a report on the matter. task.
According to the famous ancient historian Josephus, it took two years to rebuild Jerusalem and it was in 433 BC that Nehemiah returned to Shushan to report to the king. Jerusalem shall not be rebuilt.
No one will dare to stand up or fight for the development of the region and the happiness of the people.
Speech was also delivered by Adiver who explained that the UCCH PM Poshan has come forward to request the government to increase the honorarium, maternity leave, to get the salary for 12 ha PM Poshan said that the LPG stations in Manla have not been installed in the past 10 years.
The birth rate in South Korea has dropped significantly in 2022, with 249,000 births.
He said the message he wants to convey to the youth is that the strength of India is the presence of many cultures, languages ​​and religions.
Not only the Assam vehicles, the Seng will also look into whether there are drivers who drive tourist vehicles who use private vehicles from Shillong to carry passengers to the world.
Many expect private schemes and to complement that, the MLA scheme is the main assistant.
“Now that Meghalaya has been freed from the CAA, there is no reason for those who oppose to speak out but as citizens of this great country, we must work together for the development of the country,” he said. don't say.
The HANM leader urged the staff of the health centers not to treat the villagers with contempt, but to provide adequate treatment to them and especially to the Longkmie, who has been in contact with the villagers. She was admitted to many hospitals even during the time when she was supposed to give birth.
He said that there are 6 shops selling marbam, furniture and khap shniuh shops in the house, 3 shops are new shops which have been open for about six months.
Meanwhile, other areas are considered to be continuous.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that 933 samples have been tested and 821 samples have been negative and 100 samples are awaiting results. they didn't send the test.
Nongpoh: U Wanlambok Rani of Umden Arka village in Ri Bhoi district and Forme Khongji of Umkrem (Dawki) in East Khasi Hills District today left the state to receive the award. and the National Bravery Award.
CB Syiem said that from time to time the RBDCC has appealed to the party leaders for the sake of the people especially to the MPCC but it seems that they love the party more. Dr Mukul Sangma said to the people.
Regarding the lack of network, the residents urged the company to provide the network, in order to solve the problem faced by the residents of the area. region.
D.Syngkon, District Sports Officer, gave the welcome speech while Dawning Star Marwein, Staff, District Sports Officer, conducted the meeting.
If the Lok Sabha and State Assembly elections are held simultaneously in 2019, 24 lakh EVMSs will be required, which will be twice as much as those used in the Lok Sabha elections.
It was not until the formation of United Mikir and North Cachar Hills Districts in 1951 and the withdrawal of the villages in Block I and II from Jowai Sub-Division that the fierce conflict and border dispute began in these districts. that thai.
He said that so far, the separation of the judiciary from the executive has been completed in East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ri-Bhoi and West Garo Hills.
“Many schools do not have the opportunity to operate buses and therefore the government will create this mechanism to provide buses and hand them over to any organization or group to look after and operate them. that bus".
He said that under the leadership of Rikman as President, many people in Garo Hills have started to accept the BJP. “Under the leadership of President Rikman G Momin, the acceptance of the people to the BJP has increased. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in Garo Hills,” said Winnerson.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Two months after being abducted by robbers, Ricky Marweiñ, from Umsur village, South West Khasi Hills, has returned home on Tuesday.
He said the HNLC should also stop the recruitment and purchase of weapons after the government has accepted its proposal for talks.
NPP MP from Tura Lok Sabha Constituency Agatha K. Sangma has supported the amendment of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2019 introduced by the BJP in Parliament despite strong opposition from the BJP. residents of Meghalaya, North East and other states of India.
Sangma (19) of Jarangpara, Dalu, WGH, Salseng Ch.
These members were confirmed by the Chief Organizing Secretary of JSM Western Region, PS Phawa.
He was arrested on Saturday from Manipur and taken to Delhi for further investigation.
“We cannot expect to get the full support of everyone, but we must also remember the tragic fire near this area where one house was destroyed,” he said. in the blazing fire where the fire trucks could not reach the road in time due to the crowd of residents who were standing near the entire road, and thus this is a shock to the people from for the Government of Meghalaya.
This is according to a statement by Valbina Shylla, Principal.
It seems that the program held on Saturday was the first to be held and honored the students of the village.
He said that to ensure the safety of the students, the village has demanded to install rumble strips at two places in front of Step By Step Secondary School Wapung and KB Memorial Secondary School Wapung.
P.Muksor also urged the youth that if they have a true spirit by saying these words, don't lose hope as the Word of God says in Matthew 7:7 “To pan, te yn sa ai ha phi, Seek, and ye shall find; Tie, and it shall be opened unto you.
Because you can raise your skong.
Her YouTube channel has attracted viewers across India.
Israel will be saved until Jesus comes down on the Mount of Olives.
Besides these two, three others who went to take part in the tournament under the leadership of Bah Angelus Sun, President of the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya (MTAM) who did not reach the goal of victory this time. Naphilawanbet Nongspung in the 45kg category, Everest Lyngdoh in the 45kg category and Bansahnam Warkhyllew in the 45kg category. .
According to BJP state chief Khlursing Lyngdoh, Modi has directed all BJP MLAs and MPs not to take subsidies from the Direct Lyer Shet scheme. The Benefits Transfer for LPG (DBTL) which he has implemented is for those people who are less income.
Myanmar has been in conflict since 1st June 2021, the day the military overthrew the government.
This action of this government has brought sorrow, grief and despair to the people of the state.
The department has selected a photographer from Shillong.
Naiwieng 25 : The Union of Rangbah Kur of Bri-Hynniewtrep has expressed its deep sorrow to see that seven people have lost their lives at the hands of the Assam Police in the shooting of civilians in Mukroh village. In West Jaintia Hills District on 22/11/2022, the Union strongly condemns those who have a hand in the shooting of civilians.
These foreigners were arrested by members of the RBYF and FKJGP in Umsning and after being arrested they handed over to the Umsning Police Outpost for further investigation. this is Kali.
On this occasion, the synjuk and the village leaders of Raid Nongtung, expressed their satisfaction that the government has re-elected Raja Brahma as the Border Magistrate. He has done many good deeds not only to maintain peace and order on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, but also to promote the peace and stability of the people on the border between Meghalaya and Assam. He also brought about many development works for the border villages under the Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District.
The Court through Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B. Bhattacharjee said that as the State Government has asked for time to provide information on the availability of crematoriums in the cities and other parts of the State, The hearing will be held between two days and the hearing date will be on the 19th of March.
The two Governments need to know.
Shillong: The Congress leaders in the state, today strongly criticized the MDA coalition government for bringing development projects only in words without actions and only false promises.
Explaining about the trial of Woh Kiang Nangbah, Col.
He said that these cows in the market are only cows that have been exported to Bangladesh, therefore the best ones are eaten by the Bangladeshis. The people of Ri Khasi Jaintia have been affected by the snow.
He said that it is a community will talk to the community.
The District Administration has transferred the holiday from the Schedule 1 of Public Holidays (Gazetted) to the Schedule or Restricted Holiday.
Now they have destroyed your house.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the rapid increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the state shows that there has been a community spread; where this disease has been thoroughly pursted to the villages; He advised the public to strictly follow the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Speaking to media, Congress candidate from Shillong North and former Minister, Bah JA Lyngdoh said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the NPP have They should urge Bah Banteidor to explain and not to listen to his allegation.
During this campaign, various games and training were conducted to encourage parents and children to send their children to school.
Thank you very much.
He said the office will do whatever is necessary to expedite the road within the stipulated time.
The name should be given so that all those who send the ksew will know and understand. Pride goes before destruction.
The mother of the child, Barbara Gemen, from the Netherlands, told of many illegal acts committed by her 8-year-old son on the Internet. crime and not only that, she said, that he bought many weapons from the internet and one of them, was an AK
Shillong: AICC President Rahul Gandhi has been forced to cancel his trip to Tura after the helicopter he was supposed to fly to Tura was too old. they have not allowed him to fly helicopters for more than 20 years.
To vote for Mamata Banerjee is not the duty of the people of Meghalaya.
AMSSASTA is concerned about the MDA government's failure to create the mechanisms to release the salaries of SSA teachers. It has also affected the future of the children of teachers, who are still studying and especially when they are sick.
Perhaps some of you do not understand the previous Bible.
The pork was nearby.
Dr Mukul said what needs to be resolved is to remove the Prime Minister and the Minister of Electricity from their posts as Ministers in the state. There are other ways for the state to get out of this problem because they have one purpose and their desire is greater, they don't have the will to solve this problem and they are the ones who brought this problem. now in the state.
Nabynta The whole country is Tylli.
Jaden finished second and it was also the first time for Chris Dittmann's team to win the F4 British Championship this season.
As we all know, the scientists of the subject of environmental science have identified and counted the North East as the biogeographical hotspot of the world. the trees, the flowers, the insects, the wild animals and so on.
However, in total, SBI's loan support was 18 times higher at T.24,06,761 crore while Unon Bank of India was 5 times higher at T.6,99,269 crore compared to the last BoM. of the fourth quarter.
The CM also said that it is important that we are proud of our culture but we should not take it lightly.
Jowai, Nailar 24: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit has sent its condolences to the families of the victims of the bloodshed. two souls are lost.
This time, Rahman is happy that Indian films have brought fame and glory and hopes that in the coming years the best films will be selected for the Oscars.
So the people suffered because they began to starve.
On receiving information about the incident, the Nongstoiñ Women's Police rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation. The body of the deceased was handed over to the family members for post mortem.
The order was issued by the High Court today on the basis of a petition filed by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem against the Secretariat of the Governor of Meghalaya.
We as human beings have five unique qualities: sight, hearing, taste, smell and sense of smell.
Such crimes are common in Jamlara and Dhanbad districts of Jharkhand and those involved in these crimes are educated people who have passed engineering.
Otherwise, the entire Article 372 (Clauses 1,2,3) of the Constitution of India should be repealed immediately rather than being left alone and when someone wants to abuse it. .
At present, the road from Pahammawlein 20mer to Umdu has been improved, as it has been constructed under the PMGSY scheme and has made it easier for the people to travel. The RBYF leader said that the road to Umrit has deteriorated and is no longer suitable for small vehicles. Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister and Minister in charge of PWD, has laid the foundation stone of the road. It is also necessary for the traffic of the people living in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, but as of now no signs have been seen of the construction of this road, except in some parts. The construction of the water supply system has not yet begun.
This award is given annually by the Department of Commerce and Industries to the chess players who have excelled in the fields of craftsmanship.
The heroin worth T.74,74,220 was seized from the residence of Venosiem (38) in Demthring.
Why when you have to write a newspaper, let the beneficiary village know,” said Bah Tynsong.
“It is surprising that despite the fact that the residents have not been able to use the electricity properly due to the increasing power outages, MeECL has been increasing the electricity bill with the passing of the days. That's the right of the people,” said Bah Donroy Kshiar.
PB Sylliang, General Secretary of the SRSRBD, said that the union strongly condemns the demand of the Garo people. He said that the Garo will be the only village headmen, but they cannot issue any NOC or Dulir jak, where only anyone who is a Khasi Rangbah Shnong can do so.
This Community Radio Station is similar to an FM Radio Station, where you can listen to the 89.6 Mega Hertz FM band from your radio or mobile phone and the public can listen to benefit from the service. health, education, agricultural information, and music.
Similarly, according to Bah Pynshngain Tmung, one of the nine brothers of the sons of Torin Syiem, the Raid Nongtluh was a place of great religious importance in the past.
However, the government has rejected them without giving any reason and without allowing them to explain or file a complaint.
There are 11 MDCs in the country and if the Congress wins in six constituencies in the mid - term elections , the number of non - Congress MDCs will reach According to sources, it is understood that if the Congress party wins the mid-term MDC elections, the ruling party in KHADC will also lose. There will be new MDCs who will come to shake up the politics in the District Council.
In order to curb the expenditure of MP candidates ahead of the elections, the Ghaziabad district authorities have set a fixed price for various needs and expenses. of the candidate.
I learned to improve my counting.
KHNAM, which has been pointing out from time to time the shortcomings and demanding to amend the Reservation Policy, reminded that it was at the meeting of all political parties that it was agreed to set up an Expert Committee from the Reservation Policy. The Reservation Policy of 1972 was sent only to read the existing Reservation Policy and to suggest amendments if necessary.
However, it was Vaincy Chaudhury (20 runs) and Anita Lodhi (11 runs) who helped Meghalaya to score 27 runs in the first innings. third wicket.
They demanded that the state government should lodge a complaint against the Assam government, as the government had strongly said before the elections, that it will strongly discuss the border issue with Assam. Wanbun Diamon Dkhar, Secretary of the party and Diamond Dhar, Assistant Secretary in Charge of the party, said in a statement.
In reply, WJPCC managed to score 113 runs in 27.4 overs for the loss of all wickets.
Conrad said that out of the 36 villages recognized by Meghalaya in 2011, 30 of them have understood that they have been allowed to fall within the border of Meghalaya.
The Minister of Sports also said that by holding sports events, it will help the youth to avoid drug abuse.
The US Drug Administration on Friday approved the use of the Birth Control Pill in the country.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Bashida Massar said that the book was completed in the fourth month, but it was released today.
“There are no other areas where MUDA has been involved in Upper Shillong except the implementation of the Building Bye-Laws. “It's just a house building law but if the people don't want it, we won't force them,” he said.
“The main reason for the protest is because of the increasing smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Matsiewdor War, called on the group of beef traders to clarify the reason why the union has stopped selling beef which has affected the people who eat beef.
When asked why they did not seek assistance from the government authorities or their leaders to improve the road, they replied that they had gone to the government office where they had gone to seek assistance many times but without success. tea spirit.
They were arrested by the police in a raid this morning in Williamnagar and Rongjeng areas, the police chief said.
However, we are still able to manage the signs properly and this will bring order and beauty to all parts of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 13: U CP Joshi, the new General Secretary of the AICC for Meghalaya, will meet with the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma tomorrow morning. Bah DD Lapang to seek their opinion on the desire to replace the leadership in the Meghalaya government.
Everyone has known about him and the whole state has known about him because he has been an MLA for 7 terms and he has been one of the luckiest people in the state because he has taken over not only as an MLA. MLA but as Minister, Chief Minister and Speaker besides serving as President of the UDP for many years.
In 2022, instead of decreasing the number of drug-affected districts, the number of drug-affected districts has increased to 372 and East Jaintia Hills District is one of the drug-affected districts.
“I would like to congratulate the MLA of Nongkrem Constituency Bah Lambor Malngiang for his courage and encouragement through a statement issued on the electronic media in the past few days on this issue,” said the party. This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of the Seng, Bah Melvin Japan.
In the first leg of the Group-C match, Riangdo FC beat Lumdiengngan FC 4-1 in Mawkyrwat. They beat Seng Samla Laitryngew 11-0 in the Group-A match of the MSL 2023 in Shillong.
However, there are many measures that need to be implemented to address the problem and one of them that the government will try is the introduction of electric buses.
The Marngar Kur has already expressed this and took a decision at the Annual General Meeting of the Marngar Kur Ri Khasi Jaintia Sengkmie held on the 8th of this month at the Community Hall Lumkshaid Mawprem.
The President of the Seng Kur (Rev.Dr.PBM Basaiawmoit) delivered a keynote address in which he requested that all those present, should read carefully the provisions of the Seng Kur which are included in the Constitution and Remember that the love of the nation begins first with the love of the family, the clan, the clan, because any nation begins first from the family to make the clan.
“This is the first time we want to do this because we have received information that there are many nurses who have completed their studies but have not yet found jobs in the state,” she said.
On 23rd June 2017, the Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Donald Nongsteng, General Secretary FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle in the presence of the leaders of the Mawkriah East Women's Wing, Youth Wing and Village Leaders. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkriah East and officers of the PWD Road Department, National Highway Division conducted a joint inspection to find out the facts.
As soon as she heard that, she acted surprised that she didn't think quickly.
“Ka seng strongly condemns that this infiltration check gate at Ratacherra is only a collection gate of the ICG police,” he said. Syrosse Lamare is a young man.
The State President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) (NPYF) in Mawkyrwat, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, today said that he has strongly criticized the Spokesperson of the Voice of the People (VPP). He has spoken without knowing the political grounds and has also criticized his personal work as a youth leader of the National People's Youth's Front (NPYF).
This behavior of this person, on the part of the union, is unacceptable, because in this area and such cases have not been found.
“I lost the MLA election from Nongkrem constituency because other parties accused me of being the owner and I didn't get the ticket. he said.
In Shibnai alone, up to three girls including one mother have died in such a pot sepngi which has affected their longrynieng as well as their longing longsen and the nation as a whole. .
According to reports, the family of a 14-year-old boy who shot dead two people in a shopping mall in Bangkok on Thursday apologized for the crime of their son. .
The complaint was filed in the Special Court of the NIA in Ranchi against Abhinav, also known as Gaurav Kumar, and Bittu, 22, a resident of Aurangabad. district in Bihar.
He said that from now on, anyone who comes into Ialong village if they don't wear masks, it is better for them not to come into the village. He also informed that regarding the rawon who go to Wah Myntdu to khwai, the village authority has decided to allow only from 6 pm to 6 pm and urged all to and to follow the government's guidelines and to wear masks and protect themselves and others from the spread of the disease.
Throughout the day, the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar and Social Welfare Organization (WDO) also took the opportunity to submit a petition to the MLA on the needs of the people. The meeting discussed the need for the Civil Sub Division to function fully for the benefit of the people.
When we see these events for the Israelites, it turns our minds to the Corona virus now and it has been a true sympathy as it happened to the children of Israel of old.
These little suggestions comforted Rida.
Salseng Marak, MLA from Resubelpara, won seven seats from the APHLC in 1972, when Meghalaya was independent. He later joined the Congress.
Those who AIJAIT Kpa are exactly as God has placed RYNTIH, (plant the seeds of riewhadem mihsoh and call them riewhadem, not like the Khasi believe.
The love and support of the people for Bah Ardent was also seen in the fact that during his retirement they held a prayer for him.
Some of the workers in Jaintia Hills have formed a union of workers to unite under one umbrella known as the All Jaintia Labor Union.
"The question arises – When all the religions in Meghalaya have prayed for the same thing, why doesn't God answer and why doesn't He drive away the Coronavirus? They are:-1) It was time for Him to pour out a plague:- Earlier I wrote an article entitled “The Plague Then and Now” If you remember, I said that the disease occurs once every 100 years.
" The men said, “If you can really kill the rakot, then come you and your wife, come and live with us, have children, sleep, eat and drink in our house. we.
Digital healthcare solutions also pave the way for the collection and storage of data that is very helpful in public health activities and policy formulation.
On the allegation that the police department has failed to register a complaint against the seized trucks, he said, “It is the duty of the police to register complaints and they should see whether the complaint will be for licensed or undocumented trucks".
Speaking to reporters, Bah B Khongkliam, President of the union, said that the government should have set up a PHC in the village, so that it would be one of the ways to bring about development works from the government.
Following the submission of the report by the HLC, the Government will take decisions within its Cabinet.
Therefore, in accordance with the authority of Clause (a) Sub-Section (2) of Section 30 of the Food Safety and Standards Act, from outside the state.
