In East Khasi Hills, there are 82 cases, including 3 cases in Laitumkhrah, 27 cases in Mawlai, 8 cases in Nongmynsong, 5 cases in Nongrim Hills and 4 cases in Rynjah.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the association include Womsa Talang, President of the 6-Shnong Wah Lukha Association, Rimon Shylla, Advisor of the East Jaintia District Swimming Association and Daiapherbha Lamare, President of the Sonarpyrdi Eco Tourism Association. They said that if the government allows Stare Cement to mine 42.051 hectares of land at Brishyrnot, Narpuh District, East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 6: The postponement of the Badminton Tournament from Shillong to Guwahati even after it was scheduled to be held in the city, has shocked the Meghalaya authorities and they have felt the need to refuse. The 12th South Asian Games 2016 will be held in the state.
After being arrested, they immediately took him to Nokma's house.
The President of the Society, Samla Morningstar Khongthaw, opened the meeting by saying that this village is one of the most prominent villages in terms of tourism in the country. times to come.
Encouraging the RBPC leaders, Bah Makdoh urged them to fight against the spread of drugs and other crimes and if the youth have that responsibility to eradicate the crimes, Hope will come to the nation to continue to progress in all aspects whether in the home, in the village, in the community and in the state as a whole.
According to our information, when there is an incident in the village, it should be discussed in the Dorbar Shnong and not to sell especially on social media. The name of the party has appeared on cards and banners during the rally and this has affected not only the name of the party but also the dignity of the party and its supporters.” “The party would like to clarify. First of all, the Waheh Shnong would like to state that the Waheh Shnong does not encourage its members or leaders to cause trouble in the village. but we must respect the village leaders and the country as a whole and the party does not prohibit us from protecting ourselves in any area that affects our own body that even the law allows us to protect ourselves. (self defence)"“Ka seng sends a clear statement especially to the Waheh Shnong of Tuber Kmaishnong to bring peace and order in the village and to ensure according to the law not to sell to the streets. The district council has also directed the villages to have a village court to ensure the welfare of the village and to bring about the glory of the village. The matter is now in the hands of the District Session Court and let the court decide and that is the right judgment and we rely on the judgment of the court,” said the statement.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today handed over a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Speaking to reporters while the relatives of the deceased were waiting for the post mortem, they said that later, the Rangbah Shnong received information that there were about 4 bodies. The four children were arrested by the police, but later a group led by the Rangbah Dong of the village, Prick Mukhim, came to the house. Immanuel's house.
Shillong: The search for the coal miners is ongoing and many methods have been used to track down these people, but until yesterday, it seems that it has not been successful. not faithful.
The MDC from Mawkhar will contest from which party after he has turned against the NPP? Will the NPP give him another ticket or take action against him by suspension or expulsion for his opposition to the party? If you want to contest, join the UDP, BJP and HSPDP in
The residents said that those smugglers who smuggled cows to Bangladesh when they found a dead cow inside the vehicle, they broke the sharud nala and went into the night.
Gogoi is currently being held at Dispur Police Station, but police have not yet arrested him.
After investigation, the Rangbah Shnongs handed over the case to the police and the case was registered at Mawshynrut PS C/NO 15(08)2022U/S 341IPC R/W SEC.3(a)/4 POCSO Act and Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
On the other hand, the opposition is still looking for candidates to contest the Rajya Sabha MP seat.
Sadon said that he does not want to reveal the rules that the party has put before the State Government, but they will come out when the peace talks are complete.
To provide convenience to the residents and to improve the working methods, Namdong B Village has opened its office at a meeting held on Monday.
Customs are customs because they have been accepted by the majority and remain the same.
“We understand that the land may be government land, or it may be a place of residence, but as a human being, they should have given us time to move our belongings,” he said. said the householders.
I made a big mistake and we just won 13 candidates,” said Ali Chattha.
According to him, the talk about his son to contest on the UDP ticket came after reports that the incumbent MLA is no longer contesting.
“The VPP is not a product that we have come to benefit anyone, but our product is that we don't have any other way to rebuild this beloved country or to improve it. .
The Marwari has employees and two sons who look after the shop, but what is surprising is that he does not allow anyone in the shop to interfere with the money[continued on page Even the children of the shop, who are in the shop, are only the sellers when people come to buy, while the money is thrown away by himself from the bed, he puts aside a tin box to put the money on the bed. , even the largest amount of money to be returned to the buyers was seen asking how much money had to be returned and then he took it out of the tin box and gave it to the employees.
However, it was fortunate that the earthquake did not last long or too strongly, in which only a few houses and buildings were destroyed.
He said it is sad these days, that some Khasi languages ​​have disappeared due to the invasion of foreign languages.
Former Chief Minister Salseng C Marak in his speech said that some Congress MLAs have expressed their distrust of Mukul Sangma but the party will discuss to resolve this.
It is therefore necessary for the people to have a clear understanding of the objectives and demands of any protest.
From home to school, children should be taught how to avoid or fight against those who try to attack them.
Shillong, July 11: Although the Revival came nine years ago, its spirit and power is still working in the faithful of the Presbyterian Church in Khasi Hills. Jaintia.
The candidates who contest the election to become those rulers also come out to contest with a false intention and not with the right and truth.
Shillong: Four MDCs of the Garo Hills District Council have joined the BJP.
Our Police have been in Tripura and have worked with the State Government to take action against these people”.
Chiarmon Dkhar, one of the leading residents of Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills District, expressed her deep sorrow over the plight of the poor families. Umchongpet Village, Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills District, today, with a spirit of sympathy, to the residents of Umchongpet Village, Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills District, due to the curfew imposed by India due to the spread of COVID-1 1050kg of rice, 200kg of rice and 100kg of piat have been distributed to several poor families of Umchongpet Village, Wapungskur.
These projects will be implemented in 9 States and two Union Territories.
Besides Larry as the Head Coach, Jimmy B Shadap will be the Assistant Coach and Dondor Marwein will be the Manager.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongstoiñ Circle on Saturday 8th November held a labor license check for all foreigners who come to work in the district. The whole area of ​​Nongstoin.
He said that the SHGs should make good use of the assistance provided by the government and be ready for various trainings.
New Delhi: U Jawed Habib, a skilled hairdresser from Delhi, today appeared before the National Commission for Women.
Barless Marngar, 36, of Mawphansyiar, West Khasi Hills, has lost his life after being shot dead by some people at one of the places. on the road from Rambrai Market to Nongkroh Thangmati.
Nongstoiñ: U Bah T Lyngwa, District Election Officer (DEO) who is also the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, in a training session held at the Conference Hall of the DC's Office today. Government officials, political parties from the District and journalists to be prepared for the Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong:"From time to time we find and see that the Meghalaya government is short of funds.
Also present on the occasion were the SDO (Civil) of Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Kong E Warjri, Bakhraw of Hima Khyrim, Chiefs, Village Leaders and parents who came to accompany them. children and especially the residents of the area who came out to witness the Lyngdoh dance which is one of the most famous dances in the area.
The solar power plant was inaugurated by George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi Constituency as the chief guest in the presence of Memorial Tmung DEIC Manager of Kyrdem PHC, Dr Ruth Marak, Rangbah Shnong. Mebariskhem Shangpliang, Project Coordinator, SELCO Foundation, ASHAs, Aganwadis and other elders and officers from the health department.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the State Government has a mission and vision to reach a 10 billion US dollar economy by 2028 and to bring the State on par with other developed States. shaphrang inside the country.
He said that if anyone is found involved in money laundering, they will be treated as money launderers and will be punished under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA).
I didn't talk to anyone, I just came and went,” said the relatives of Phibankyntiew Sun.
Speaking on the theme, “Mental Health is a Universal Human Right”, the Chief Legal Aid Defense Counsel, Nosmi Hashah, Mawkyrwat, called for the cooperation of the people. and the community to promote and protect all in the areas of mental health as a human right.
In the fourth position, Ronggrik B. Sangma of Aeroville Higher Secondary School, Tura scored 562 marks.
He said the police intelligence department has been strengthened and the police are already on the ground to fight against any illegal activities.
However, it was when Panah had heard that Rida's mother had stopped and went to sleep.
Police seized 2.5 kilograms of heroin packed in 205 soap bottles.
Let us be clear to unite with the Government to fight against this Coronavirus to enter our state Meghalaya.
Alexander surrendered and left.
They say, 'When the hearts fight, the crowd dies.
“From the beginning good things were created for good people, as evil things for the wicked” (Sir 39:25).
Lambor Malngiang is also a former MDC from Nongkrem.
At the meeting, HDR said that since the separation of Sohiong from Mawphlang C&RD Block, Mawphlang Block has been slammed and even the shops have died without any visitors.
Lucifer was one of the archangels in heaven.
The SAFF strongly condemns the attack on Christians and the damage to a church in Narayanpur District of Chhattisgarh.
Congress MDC from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bajop Pyngrope, has expressed his readiness to leave the Congress party and join the All India Party. Trinamool Congress (AITC).
The stadium was first built in 2006 by PA Sangma and is named MP Stadium.
However, these leaders of ours, for their own benefit, are willing to auction off their land, wealth and possessions as a rich nation in all aspects.
Shah was speaking at a meeting of state BJP social media and IT wing leaders at the National Library in Kolkata.
The total volume of EAT is 120 cubic centimeters.
Those deeds are revealed and it is because of those who are righteous that this state is still going on.
Rida, however, could not refuse to obey him because if she did not, she would have to suffer the punishment of her mother.
Regarding the loss of crops, it was found that when crops are lost due to heavy rainfall, floods or landslides, farmers have to take pictures in the field with the lost crop.
Those patients who cannot sleep and sleep well are also at risk of this mental illness.
The two-day festival started yesterday, the 5th of this month. Before the festival, there was a thanksgiving and prayer to God. Lord, may he make this festival a joyful and happy festival, so that the participants, men and women, together with the duhalia and the visitors, may be able to receive the blessings. Blei who is full of joy.
The Minister of Education, Meghalaya, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, has announced that all colleges in Meghalaya will resume their regular classes from 1st February 2021 so that the teaching can resume as usual. long though the protocols should still be implemented in all colleges.
Shillong, July 23: The National People's Party (NPP) has launched its MLA election campaign this year from Purno Sangma's favorite village, Adokgre, Kharkutta Constituency. North Garo Hills District.
“The Chief Minister of Assam declined to respond to the demand for the return of Block I & II by saying, “Don't ask big questions now as it is just a meeting between us.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that he has not yet received any inquiry from the BJP in Delhi, regarding the allegation of corruption by BJP Vice President Bernard Marak. corruption in the implementation of various schemes in the state.
It can accommodate about 302 people.
Kew needs a cool place and the rainfall should be much less than what we get in Khasi-Jaintia.
MCSWA has also recently launched a Home Health Aide Caregiver for the elderly at home, especially those who do not have a caregiver.
If students from Bihar, Gujarat, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh are eligible, why not Meghalaya?
Furthermore, it is informed that admission will be done online and students can apply on the website www.admission.
Lion SC and Mooknor Thadmuthlong won the Second Division match of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday.
“Many projects have had to be taken over and many officers have had to work two jobs and this has created problems for them.
KSU Ranikor Circle President Marconi Thongni said that there are 702 households whose DC's office has sent a letter to the Branch Manager of State Bank of India Mawkyrwat Branch since November this year. years but the people have not received the money.
Jesus said, “Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven” (Matthew 7:21).
However, what is more surprising is that after a while after the Municipal officials left, the land vendors have taken back the tum ki tar by spreading it on the land as well.
He said that since the past, Jirang constituency has been one of the largest and most neglected constituencies in Ri-Bhoi. of the constituency for the initiative of the MLA and the MDA government to listen to the concerns of the people.
Shillong, July 22: The Public Information Act (PWD) has found that about 645 muster roll members of the Public Works Department (PWD) have not received their salaries in the past six months.
Because if there is a change, one of the issues is the increase in the number of MDCs in the KHADC. Therefore, for that reason, this Delimitation Committee was set up.
In the case of horses, any horse that leaves its herd of horses is called a horse and is called so because it is found equally like a horse that chooses to go alone. three bniat that come out of the hole of the luta.
Deinly Lamare won the diving competition, Wanbha Rymbai won the diving competition, Rihok Rymbai won the boat competition and Rihok Rymbai won the diving competition. The futsal beach competition was won by the DG Game of Chiehruphi.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday heard a petition filed by former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Latiplang Kharkongor against the implementation of the Administrator Rule (AR). KHADC is the Lat of the state.
The robbers didn't have any weapons, but they were struck with their hands.
She was surprised to see the police entering her yard.
A short speech was delivered by Bah Kimland Kharlyng, Secretary Managing Committee of Seven Sisters Secondary School, Mawmitbah and a dance was performed by the students of the Lower Primary Section.
They say that anyone who is beautiful or who wants to destroy the Shongkha Shongman of the Shijur can give that “Bih Sian” through the offering of Kwai.
While in Peru he was also sent to Bolivia and attended meetings in Brazil, Rio, Argentina, Chile and so on. to Costa Rica, Ecuador and around the world.
Shillong, March 21: The state government has allocated T.40 lakh for the beautification and development of Motphran area which is one of the most densely populated areas.
On the day of the Governor's visit to the area with his wife – Anagha Parnaik were welcomed by government officials, residents and also by music groups under the leadership of The MLA of the constituency – Taba Tedir who is also the Minister of Education of the state.
Conrad, who will contest from South Tura, has appealed to the UDP and other political parties to give him their full support so that he can win the election in a you don't have honor.
“According to the information I have received, the Harijan Panchayat Committee has accepted the proposal and the Blueprint prepared by the State Government, but they still want some changes in the Blueprint as shown in the The answer they sent to the court,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
There have been 219 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 1,231, Health Minister Zahid Malik said today.
This man was to be involved in overseeing the land arrangements and collecting money from the villages.
“What is needed is that the State Government should bring a resolution in the Legislative Assembly to send it back to the Central Government under Para 12 6 (AB) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. “The laws of the Central Government will not apply in the state through the issuance of a notice by the President,” he said.
KYRMEN improved your earnings.
When it comes to spiritual teachers, we see that there are three types.
The incident took place in West Bengal.
Shortly after, the residents of Umsaw (Sohiong PS) came to the scene and arrested the man and took him to the Community Hall of the village. and he went and rescued the man from the hands of the villagers.
Similarly, we do not accept the killing and rape of innocent people as done by armed men or terrorists.
The parts that God has appointed for us to pass through, no one can get through another way, that we must pass through.
Speeches were also delivered by Chief Secretary Donald Phillips Wahlang (IAS), Commissioner & Secretary Sports and Youth Affairs, Dr Vijay Kumar D (IAS), Commissioner & Secretary Sports and Youth Affairs, Dr Vijay Kumar D (IAS). Finely L Pariat, General Secretary of MSOA and others.
In the first match of the U-16 category, Shillong Soccer Scout beat Umbir 1-0
Because when the Brahmaputra floods, it is a great victory for the Thor Assam because it destroys all the villages, places and the damage is very severe.
Shillong, March 02: People and groups took part in the cleanliness drive organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District as part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the Swacch Bharat Abhiyan. which started last year at Khyndai Lad.
They have written a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and demanded the removal of the Minister who should look after this. Tnad, James K Sangma.
Expressing her desire to address the concerns of parents, students and the public, the President said that the implementation of the NEP-2020 has been done without thought and clarity. .
Banshai said he has received information from the Planning Department of the State Government through the State Plan Outlay for the fiscal year 2007-2008 to 2015-2016 which shows the receipt of funds through the Budget. The outlay allocated by the Central Government and the receipt of funds in all these years has amounted to Rs.3,00,032.00 crore in the Transport Department alone.
Doctors announced that the man died of a blood clot.
“We see that the churches need water, roads, light and this should have its own allocation of funds from the government.
“The attempts of foreign governments to introduce various laws should prevent people in Meghalaya from eating beef and this law should also prevent the introduction of beef. that cow sha this state".
In 1864, she said that the Assam government at that time felt the need to send government school teachers to train and she asked for a place to accommodate government teachers there and the KJP gave a place. The first Principal of the school was Rev. EW Thomas (before him were the Superintendents).
Schools have also been directed to submit their registration forms along with their birth certificates by xerox along with a photograph.
The Commissioner of Food Safety of the State Government has ordered to suspend the import of fish for 15 days due to the shortage of fish in Ïewduh. discovered the use of formalin which is a dangerous poison for food.
“We don't need the colors of the Dkhars and Garo but we need the strong national organizations that can provide services according to the wishes of the people,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw. The NPP also announced that the offices of the NPP should be immediately closed from Khasi and Jaintia, which will come into force from today and will be announced within a day.
It is impossible for all who believe that they are children of God.
Kitboklang Thabah, President of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA), said that there are only five contestants left to win the title this month. .
Many speakers including Kong E Khongjong, H Tyngsong, S Ryndong and Rangbah Shnong Bah Rishot Kshiar expressed their gratitude to Bah Kanang for getting this special scheme from the Chief Minister.
And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.Genesis 9:9-1
Later, we will visit the borders, because we feel that our visit to the borders, should not cause conflict, because when the two Prime Ministers visit and after they have visited “It will only lead to conflict and the people will blame us,” said Himanta.
In the event, she has won five times against Atletico de Madrid, CD Leganes, Real Madrid CF, Getafe CF, VfB Stuttgart, SSV Reutlingen, FC Augsburg and TSV Schwaben Augsburg. shah rem four times once.
“I have already said earlier that we will baptize MLAs and MDCs,” said Hek. Eight MDCs from JHADC who have confirmed to join the BJP are Lakhon Biam (UDP), Krishon Langstang (UDP), Suchiang Treasury (UDP), Priesthood Council (UDP),.
Sngewbhalin Paliar told this reporter that she did not think that such an incident would happen to her family and that the village headmen would do such an unacceptable thing. in society.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Three ANVC(B) militants led by Dikka, have summoned the Assistant Pastor of the Baptist Church, Prewilson G Momin, from his home in Ronggopgre village. North Garo Hills District on the night of the 13th.
“What happened to the corruption, why don't the government ministers take action when they are involved, what happened to the housing corruption, and others,” asked Angela Rangad. it's just a drama.
After not reaching anywhere, the Assam Police threw grenades at the Mizoram Police and at 4:50 pm there was a shootout with the Assam Police, the Mizoram Defense Minister said.
The female pass rate was 70.09% and the male pass rate was 71.51%.
However, it is necessary to commend the police, who work hard and do not take the time to arrest or warn any robbers or groups of criminals who commit such crimes that destroy not only the country. but also to humiliate and deprive the family members.
Almost all of us villagers, from the South West Khasi Hills, are surprised that every day or every time we don't get light especially when it rains we don't expect to see light.
Shillong: Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma is expected to meet Indian Defense Minister Amit Shah next month on the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Regarding those who cannot return, the government has talked to the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Railway Department and the Airport to create a the resources to help get them to the state.
Speaking to reporters on the inflow of money into the accounts of private individuals, Antonio said that he has knowledge of all the money that passes through the account department. “It's always the misuse of money by one person,” he said.
Khliehriat: The Rural & Urban Development Society, East Jaintia Hills District, has strongly opposed the public hearing of the Star. Cement on the purpose of expanding the mining in Brishyrnot village, Narpuh district.
Jürgen Kroeber from Germany will attend the training on his skills in slaughtering and producing edible meat.
In the 41st minute, Sein Pynbha-lang goalkeeper Leiborki Ymbon gave Mulait the first goal.
Sangma made this announcement while presenting the budget on 21st June.
The curfew in the evening is still in force and will probably be lifted in these days if there is no further incident.
The amount donated by the Dorbar Shnong Loompyrdi Iongpiah is T.1 lakh, T.50,000 to the PMNRF and T.50,000 to the CM Relief Fund to help the government fight against the coronavirus.
A total of 359 schools participated in the quizzes held in June and October in the States and Union Territories.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms. K Wanniang DDMo said that the aim of the program is to train the Community Volunteers so that they can stop and provide assistance in the event of a natural disaster. Only 5 districts have been selected to implement this scheme in the state and the government has set a target to train about 100 Community Volunteers from different villages.
I don't agree with the move of the market from Khanapara to another place...this request to move may have one reason because they don't want to move the cow market.
Shillong: The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has announced that the semi final of the Shillong Premier League 2018 has been postponed to the JN Complex and the match will start at 2.00 pm on , Shillong Lajong vs Langsning FC, 20.10.18 Rangdajied United vs Malki SC, 24.10.18 18/10 vs 20/1
Meanwhile, the players of East Bengal Football Club Reserve failed to score a goal against Shillong Lajong FC. Shillong Lajong FC under the leadership of Bah Bobby Nongbet scored three goals. Hamedamanbha Wahlang came on for Amon Lepcha in the 78th minute and Guidle Syiemlieh came on for Bishal Lama in the 78th minute. 90+2, and Pynche Iai Tyngkan came on for Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah in the 90+5 minutes.
Ferlin received 15,781 votes while June Eliana R. Marak received 11,412 votes.
Tirupati: Up to 743 employees of the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) in Andhra Pradesh have tested positive for the corona virus after the opening of the temple and the visit of devotees. to have darshan, after the curfew was lifted.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) today postponed the hearing of the case to 2nd July 2014, when it will come to Shillong to hear the case. The decision to ban coal mining and sale of coal as well.
We also understand that the organizations in Garo Hills want development to come through the presence of the city in Tura during the rainy season.
"India should answer whether the missile was used by its troops or whether it was misused by other groups," Pakistan said.
Those who created and prepared this new OM should take responsibility with the government if anything unfortunate happens from this confusion to the people,” said Samla Lambokstar.
So far, 34 lakh people have been infected and 1.66 crore have recovered.
“The implementation is slow because the government is implementing it in a phasewise manner,” said Deborah.
One year, 156 crore vaccinations! This means that there were about 42 lakh vaccinations per day.
Police said Nabajyoti Chanda had lodged a complaint at Laban PS that Pradip Das, radiologist and PRO, Woodland Hospital, Shillong had used her name, educational qualifications and other details. government and other jobs.
“The former governance system in the villages is an integral part of day-to-day governance.
This place is known as the Paragliding Paradise of India.
He said the company will continue to work with many relevant authorities as the New Town Kolkata Development Authority (NKDA) has also approved the implementation of drones in the delivery of drones. needs across parts of Kolkata as well as throughout the state of West Bengal.
The nation is not the property of anyone and we cannot buy or sell it.
If you can improve Mawshynrut, remember that it will be one of the parts to improve Khasi Hills and Meghalaya.
Kong RM Kurbah has taken over the post since her appointment.
Twenty-eight leaders from around the G20 countries and participating countries including Argentina, Australia, France, South Korea, Mexico, Turkey, USA, Oman, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, China, Russia, the Netherlands, Germany, Indonesia and the UK. Leading scientists from the country and abroad also attended the conference.
Eternal life does not only refer to what will happen to a person after they die, nor is it a question of who will enter heaven and who will be excluded.
He said that the government will raise up to Rs 2.5 crore to reimburse the 2 percent interest.
Rahul Dutta, Naphi Phanbuh, Barisha Kharbuli, Kelvin Lyngdoh and Dr. Wadamika Lyngdoh supported the song.
During the election, they come to deceive and renew with jali ja um words to believe and deceive the innocent voters.
Japan's Genki Haraguchi scored in the 48th minute and Takashi Inui in the 52nd minute, while Belgium's Jan Vertonghen scored in the 52nd minute. 69th minute, Maruoe Fellaini in the 74th minute and Nacer Chadli in the 90+4 minutes.
But the days and months have passed and there is no end,” she said.
The inspection was conducted on the complaint of the women of Syllei Lar, who alleged that Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA Umroi, has misused the road by taking over the forest. Village and transporting goods such as trees and other items on the road, until it was completely destroyed, which caused problems to the people.
“Will you clap your hands and tie the plates? Is this how you fight against covid? said Akhlish Yadav.
The UDP candidate will contest alone against the NPP candidate Ma Shemhok Garod who is the incumbent MDC.
The Dy.CEM of KHADC, Augustine Marak, said that as soon as the budget session started, on the second day, the Chairman announced that Denang has resigned for personal reasons. With the resignation of the CEM, the EC has also collapsed.
Here stands the truth because the good news is that only two days later she was born.
It is to be recalled that the policeman had raped these shipra at the Ampati Police Station while he was working at the police station as the Chief Superintendent of Police.
The next part of the explanation is that Bah Ardent and the VPP have come out to demand this issue in 2022 because there is a reason behind it: In 2022, the Hon'ble Court of The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the Meghalaya Government to implement the Reservation Policy through the Roster System.
These 12 groups of elephants, which have entered the village in the early hours of the 20th of this month, have driven away the residents of the area and have fallen. to hide in the wilderness.
Shillong is important because we have the necessary facilities in the space sector and because the technology in the space sector is important for the development of the North East. ," Kant said during a meeting ahead of the 4th edition of the Space Economy Leaders Meeting (SELM) under the GS Presidency of India, held at the Courtyard Marriot Hotel.
At Mahuli Ganga Ghat, in Baddhra Block of Ara, it reminded many of the shortage of dead trees, as happened during the covid pandemic. the need for dead wood, in the past few days.
This is true if the roads are wider and better.
According to the police, this year, the state security forces have arrested many members of the ULFA-I from the areas of eastern Assam and also from the Tirap, Longding and Changlang (TLC) areas of Arunachal Pradesh – and this has slightly exacerbated the illegal activities of the party in these areas.
Most of the residents who have done so are from Kamphaduli, Nawapara, Dronpara, Bangjeng and Kyrshai.
The match in the first half was very interesting and equal as the players from both the teams showed their strength to fight hard to win the Super Division title. The first half ended without anyone being able to score.
In order to ensure the smooth running of the election as enshrined under Section 144 CrPC , the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has enforced this rule to prevent and prevent violation of the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct to ensure the smooth running of the election of District Leaders.
“As a leader, it is the right of Bah Sohtun to convey the voice of the people,” said Bah Nongrem.
The Minister expressed his confidence that this initiative and new approach will transform the health system in the state.
Lalduhoma, ZPM leader and future prime minister, said that the swearing-in ceremony will be held at 11 pm on November
How much more in the life and death of the country, in the income and in the trade, we must be thoughtful and not just follow others without understanding what is lost.
The Government should clarify this incident because it has made us worried about the failure of the MDA Government (NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, NCP, BJP, and IND), to provide a safe and clean governance especially in the case of the police department which has shown to be too weak in many respects.
Rowel said that in a letter to the AICC, he reminded that in the past few months, some Congress MLAs from the state have lodged a complaint against Dr Mukul Sangma for not appointing the AICC. party in the state, which Bah Rowel has nothing to do with.
This initiative of the Government has sparked strong opposition from various political parties, the Dorbar Shnong Mawbah and the residents.
After a short prayer, the body was taken from Crinoline View Bungalow at 2.40 pm and arrived at Sohra at 4 pm and was laid to rest at her home in Mawpun, Sohra. , according to the report.
“Since then, I have been at Banalarai World Cars as Team Leader until I took over the throne as the Syiem of Mylliem Hima,” said Paiem Ricky.
“So I decided to start by spending myself first and then ask for assistance from the government later,” he said.
Village Clubs have also contributed a lot to the development of football in the State, but now many of them have been neglected by the Government.
They are “shimeirain” because they came from one and the same Kobsohbriew by destroying their community, their village, their clan, their church and their nation.
In the second half, SGH didn't have any runs to score from Senggamchi's ball. SGH had a hard time fighting their balls.
“There was a plan to repair about 3km of roads in November last year, but due to the heavy rainfall, it could not be repaired,” said Dr Don. The condition of the road has destroyed the reputation of the area in the tourism industry, which has started to attract people from all over the country in these days”.
They also expressed their surprise to see that Dr. Pariong has been welcomed into the HSPDP party in Ladweitang by wearing a jain ryndia, without the knowledge of the Nongstoin Constituency and the West Khasi Hills District Branch. “This behavior of some of the leaders of the HSPDP party has prompted the supporters of the HSPDP to question why this was done in a hurry without doing it in the party office but on the road. syngykien" they said again.
“We have to understand that nothing can happen soon but there is a concern from all sides and a reasonable feeling.
The arrested were identified as Wantei Manbha Lyngdoh, 24, and Freddy Bantei Dhar,
The Khasi Jaintia Hills can be divided into three regions.
He said that as the Sengbhalang, we should not compete or want power but we should unite so that the jaitbynriew will not be ridiculed by other foreigners. that they should not misuse the name of the Seng in the wrong areas but should use it for the benefit of the people and for the problems faced by the nation.
He said that this disease in cows can spread to other cows and if they are treated and given medicine only after 3 months they can get cured because medicines are now available. The Animal Veterinary & Husbandry Department has been directed to provide vaccination for the cows that have not yet been infected.
The Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department of Meghalaya has not issued any guidelines or warnings following the outbreak of African Swine Flu (ASF) in pigs and some deaths.
The KSCMD on 21.07.1949 through a Resolution to the Government of India has expressed its wish that our country should be included in the First Schedule (for example, the state of Nagaland). Chattisgarh and Telengana etc.).
However, Wanglet was later released on bail.
he marries Khasi women) especially the youngest children.
Other people from other states and other countries of the world look at our Khasi country beautifully.
They also agreed not to do anything that would disrupt the peace and order.
The BJP office has adequate e-libraries, internet connections, a place to talk at the office, the party has prepared the hardware, but they will leave it first. Software.
However, sources said that the ARPA will send James Ban Basaiawmoit to contest for the post of Chairman. Basaiawmoit has not yet decided whether to contest for the post of Chairman. He said that the ARPA has not been able to reach the goal of winning.
It is worth mentioning that the CSWO has strongly criticized the state government and the health department for not having even the testing centers for food to know whether it is good or bad.
Although the BJP leader did not want to announce his speech, he said he would announce it when the time comes.
In many countries of the world, people living with HIV (HIV positive) receive help and treatment.
Strongly condemning the Government's actions, Dr. Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of the state, said that the Government has tried to destroy the future of these children.
Apparently, he likes to play with the future of the students and spoil the quality of education within the university," they said.
(v) To maintain one's dignity, to have a spirit of help and contribution to society.
He also expressed his agenda and goals if he is elected as MDC and said that one of the agenda is the MUDA issue and he wants that if there is that The building law should not charge any tax from the people, but should be as it used to be.
The NEIG was headed by Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State.
Therefore, the Seng invites and invites all Seng Samla Shnong or Youth Clubs to attend the meeting as scheduled.
The Government should provide strong support to the farmers so that they do not withdraw from agriculture.
Shillong: BJP Meghalaya leader Bah AL Hek has said that the BJP should contest the MP elections from Shillong and Tura next year if the party allows.
“After the Budget Session, I will meet the Prime Minister,” said Bah Pynshngain.
New Zealand's Chad Bowes (82nd to 118th) and Ish Sodhi (two places to 14th) Pakistan's all-rounder Imad Wasim has been promoted in all three categories.
The union also said that as it is now, Khyndailad has become a Hindu colony and is no longer a safe place to walk and stand at night.
He said that the relatives of the Civil Hospital Shillong reject the claim that the man died of COVID-19 and demand that the government should not include him in the list of those who have died of COVID-1 died of COVID-19, because it is not the fault of the family, but the fault of the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Berloscuni was shown walking hand in hand with Fascina on the ground floor of his Sardinian villa a few days ago.
The incident occurred at 7 pm.
Shillong, June 27: The residents of Nartiang constituency on Saturday, June 27, 2024, came to strongly condemn the people involved in the petrol bomb blast at the residence of their leader, Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar. , you don't have to go to Nongmensong.
The scheme was implemented to assist the BPL households but many households have not received the scheme and the state government has decided to implement the CMSAS scheme to open up the opportunity for all BPL households. the elderly, the disabled and the disabled will benefit.
In the UDA alliance, there are the UDP-HSPDP, the NPP, some Independents and the PDF.
He has also served the constituency for nearly 20 years since he was first elected as MLA in
The union strongly urges any contractor to check the documents such as NRC and labor license before employing foreigners otherwise the union will not be responsible if anything happens to them. FKJGP Nongmensong Circle Sports Secretary Simon Myrthong said that these 10 people came to steal the wealth and steal the food of their fellow citizens.
On the other hand, the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills also informed him about the peace and order situation in the area.
This church is now growing and needs the construction of a new church so that the congregation can serve the Lord better.
The 16-year-old from Minerva Virtual School, Lyca Radio came fourth in Race
These players will be accompanied by Bah Balamphang Kharkongor, National Referee at the same time as coach.
Not only that, it will also be a gathering of youth to bring about unity, brotherhood, and to strengthen the feeling of closeness among the different ethnic groups and residents of the North East.
Speaking to media after the opening of a meeting held in Nongpoh by the Meghalaya government with the leaders of the Mazdoor Union, Bah Kennedy said, “If you count only the thefts of liters of petrol per day and if the total is counted, it will reach 27 crore per annum. Through this road, there are no 400 petrol trucks per day to transport petrol to Meghalaya. and other places like Silchar, Highlands, Karimganj, Tripura, Mizoram and others.
Shillong, Nailar 05 : The Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) has decided to allow the police to remand Bernard Marak for another seven days for further investigation. Your language is Rimpu Bagan.
David thought and praised God for his life that God had protected him even in his old age.
Earlier, Social Welfare Minister Deborah Marak praised the work of the Prime Minister for implementing this necessary project.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U HDR Lyngdoh today sent his resignation letter from the post of MDC to the Chairman of KHADC, Mansturdy Nongrem. Speaking to reporters after receiving the resignation letter, the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, said that he has not yet received it. HDR Lyngdoh said that he will have to look into the resignation letter and after looking into it, he will take a decision whether to approve it or not. that he would have to send it to the Governor.
The statement said it does not accept the government's request to release their salaries which has been pending for five months.
Yes, that's it.
In this regard, we would like to ask Bah Phrang R Bareh to clarify when and where you left as President of the Meghalaya Judo Association when you were elected as President in
Speaking after leaving the meeting, Gohain said, “Meghalaya has nothing to do with the construction of the railway line because it does not have the Sixth Scheduled.
Since there are fifty trees and four branches, we multiply by fifty times two to get forty-six.
The HYC's attempt to attack the village has also led to a stir inside the Umlaper Market. Police from Meghalaya have arrived at the scene and after that there has been a clash. There was a heated argument between the Meghalaya and Assam Police.
This helps us to build a strong family.
A new National Assessment Centre, PARAKH (Performance Assessment, Review, and Analysis of Knowledge for Holistic Development) will be inaugurated.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its protest against the state government's failure to respond to 14 issues. to the people and to hold the flag at the houses of government ministers.
However, even one government department which the minister had appointed to meet could not meet due to the delay in the information system.
Bah Donbok Dkhar, after leaving the DC's office, told reporters that during a thorough conversation with the DC; The party has suggested that before passing the law, a mechanism should be created to provide assistance from the government to prevent; However, it is necessary to allow the sale of knives so that it does not affect the income of the knife sellers so that they can provide iit to put or make boxes or keep well these knives so that they do not affect their income and bring in The DC has informed the union that she will follow up and take action on this issue.
The Government should send an inspection to the Block Development Officers (BDOs) on the compensation for the loss of rice and should pay it at a reasonable price so that it will be a support to the farmers who have lost their crops. reap the fruit of your labor.
So as a voter of India, I feel it is my right to complain that he should do it and if he doesn't do it within the 23rd, it means it's just an election rigging by the BJP through the Home Minister. and Amit Shah.
You know what’s good and what’s bad.
Ma Moonlight Pariat, while asking for the support of the people, said that his desire is to serve the Jowai Constituency and to preserve its dignity and not to take away, move or destroy what is happening now.
Speaking at a meeting held at Umsalait, Ma Nujor said that during his tenure as a leader in the last five years, the number of village roads constructed has reached 140 kilometers.
Shillong, March 29: U Kyntiewborlang Marbaniang, Secretary of KSU Mawkynroh, has been arrested by the police for his involvement in the robbery that happened this month at NEHU. KSU has registered a case under Mawlai PS C/No 75(10)13, and he will be questioned for four days.
Aldrin, who cleared the national record of 8.42m in October, has cleared more than 8.0m in his first attempt. qualified to qualify for the final in the 12-man squad.
Stressing on the Government's efforts to improve road connectivity across the State, he said that the construction of major roads in West Khasi Hills such as Nongstoiñ-Maweit, Nongstoiñ - Wahkaji and Nongstoin - Rambrai - Kyrshai has now passed.
When a foreign officer sends a wiar, they wiar, when he says dait, they dait.
Jowai: The Jowai Border Area Committee (LKBAJAC) today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to submit a petition demanding that the The District authorities and the State Government should immediately stop the construction of roads by the Assam Government into the Meghalaya border from Tahpat, Lakeroi and Lapangap villages. the village of Khanduli.
If the police had not hidden the robber, the crowd might have turned up and dragged him outside the police station to end his life.
She encouraged other students who are preparing for the examination to listen carefully in class as this will help them and wished other students who are preparing for this examination. examination that they should be prepared from the beginning to succeed.
On the other hand, Bah Mayral Born Syiem also handed over a donation to the Women's Wing and also displayed the food items prepared by the women of the church.
Many of the residents of Mawsynram Village have been in dire straits when the water shortage has affected them so much that they have to take their own Pliang Ja into the river to clean.
Therefore, we request for 5% quota for SCs from this State,” the petition added.
Tens of hundreds of vehicles coming from north and south have been stuck in the middle of the road.
“The investigation is ongoing and the law will do its part against those who commit illegal acts,” he said.
After this, such specially made clothes had to be thrown away at a reasonable price.
Among others, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, former MLA of Nongkrem, who won two terms, will join hands to contest the election as the son of Lymboit Lymbiang. he doesn't have the wealth or the thousands to deceive or deceive the people but only on a true basis for the bright future of the youth and future generations.
Where there is no work, no one can count.
One truck permit can carry only 9 (nine) tonnes of coal.
Nangai Sutnga July 19, 2020 I remember these words of Myrsiang in the story of the Lion and the Myrsiang written in the book The Fables of Aesop.
The Chief Minister said this while addressing a ceremony at the State Convention Center to honor the athletes who have brought fame and glory to the state in sports tournaments abroad.
The Quit Notice will come into force immediately until the government resolves the issue of garbage dumping. 411 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and 11 people have died. 1185 in the state on Ar.
On Tuesday, 28 new cases were confirmed and one person died, bringing the death toll to 1461 in the state.
Shillong: Two families have been attacked by a group of 14 people and one family has been shot dead by a group of 14 people. They beat the child and then stripped the mother and beat her until she was seriously injured.
There is a feeling, I am a riewrim, I am a newcomer, but Bah Teibor please don't allow that.
At the same time, he said that he and the four protesters had earlier decided to hold public meetings in Mairang, Jaiaw and Sohra to explain to the people about the differences. between the old and new VAB.
He added that if they are taken away from the man, they will have less life expectancy.
“Lyngkyrdem which is now Pynursla constituency is the headquarters of the National League for Democracy (NLD) but the Congress has lost because of our division.
The few who are the rich, the rich and the powerful rule the whole world.
Lyngdoh also alleged that the state government has forgotten the Hima and the border residents in the first meeting. “It is regrettable that a member has misled the House and lied,” said Conrad. He said that for the first time, he had convened a meeting with the Hima. , the District Council and others involved in the border issue.
“On the other hand, Bah WL Watjri, Addition Director and Principal, has expressed his deep sorrow over this incident. .
In the doubles, JP Singh and Hiamdor Lyngdoh won, BD Marak and Dipak Thapa came second and I Marak and SDkhar came third.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of various competitions organized by the Seng Kynthei throughout the year and the Chief Guest lowered the flag as an announcement of the end of the Golden Jubilee celebrations. the Women's Association of Jaïaw Langsning.
The district also won the men's category with 15 medals including 9 gold, 5 silver and one bronze.
Nongpoh: The Border Area Youth Association (RSA) Raid Nongtung today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Raid Nongtung. Ri Bhoi, to request him to take the lead in delivering the development works of the Meghalaya government to these border villages.
I think the MDA government has failed in all aspects.
CS, the government does not believe in this proposal of the party because it has not known anything about it.
“We are preparing what we will do after this if our demand is not met.
He said he had talked to the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) and also to the MP of Karbi Anglong and asked for their cooperation to bring peace and order on the border so that the people can nim don't be afraid.
We have not slept or we have not lost our race,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw.
The home or family is the most important foundation of rights (so to speak) in society.
Shibun said it is the right of the UDP to express its position, as this is a coalition government but it depends on the joint decision of all its MDA allies. Shillong Parliamentary Assembly has proposed to allow the NPP to contest while Tura should be allowed to contest, as the two parties are the closest allies in the MDA government. Shibun said he has already written to the party to ask for an answer on what basis they will contest the MP and MDC elections in the state.
He said that the purpose of the visit to Tura was to meet with the leaders of the GNC and GHSMC and the discussion was to work together to fight for this state demand through consensus and in the They decided to set up a Coordination Committee to move forward on the demand for a Khasi-Jaintia State and Garoland.
The death toll has risen to 5 and the number of recoveries to
On the other hand, the union believes that the district authorities through the Deputy Commissioner will look into the problems faced by the drivers.
Also present on the occasion was Dr. SR Lyndem as Resource Consultant of RUSA who expressed his gratitude to the college for the honour.
He also urged all parties to end the conflict and restore peace.
Due to the backwardness in the area, the MDA Government 1 last year on 22nd November 2022, opened a C&RD Block at Nonglang West Khasi Hills for the purpose of bringing about the development of par within the area.
Shillong, July 18: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah Federick Roy Kharkongor on Tuesday received the elections to the Legislative Assembly. A resident of Moolang, Khliehriat District, East Jaintia Hills District has complained that there has been violence and intimidation of voters in the villages under the jurisdiction of Rymbai Polling Station.
But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was: and when he saw him, he had compassion on him,
A counselor to his brothers, a godly father who leads his family in love “Blessed is the man that feareth the LORD, that walketh in his ways” (Ps 128:1). )(2) A good longkmie:- When there is a good longkmie, the household is happy, the household is happy and prosperous.
Furthermore, if we look at the Tourism Industry, which is one of the sources of employment for the youth, it is not only those who are in the rural areas, because they provide employment through Home Stays, Holiday Resorts, Restaurants and other other.
The JAC requests all drivers to start this from 1st October 2021 to follow the announcement issued by the Government. The JAC has to take responsibility for hiring those vehicles and can also appeal to the higher authorities to revoke their permit.
From the construction of roads to the installation of revenue collection gates to the demolition of Meghalaya government buildings and so on, the Assam government and its departments have never stopped to harass and harass the residents. Khasi Pnar village.
For the poor or those in real need, it can be a blessing to receive those gifts, but we should not elect a candidate or party just for the gifts.
Under California law, 26 English characters and hyphens are also allowed.
Here, we will take only the kniness.
“There have been landslides in several villages including Nongryngkoh Pynursla, Mawkynrew, Shillong and some parts of Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills,” Prestone told reporters.
This action of the government will put the people at great risk.
“On the part of the party, we will monitor this and if it is biased, we too will take to the streets to support each other, we will take to the streets if it is biased,” said Bah. Dkhar.
“The increase in expenditure is due to the increase in salaries of employees, arrears, increase in prices of goods and the shortage and weakness of the council's revenue collection system,” said Ma Shiwat.
Bundaki Lathong (37) and Kaidamang Dkhar (21) for India took 10 wickets each.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh as the chief guest in his speech informed the people of the area that the state government has already allocated special funds for the Latang Falls which is located in Lumshyrmit village and now the government is preparing to allocate funds for the construction. He said that all this is through the hard work of the MLA of the area together with the residents who are willing to promote tourism.
I have had the opportunity to visit around the Khasi-Jaintia Hills and the Ri-Bhoi Hills and I am still trying to do better as I can better understand your problems and aspirations.
In a raid this morning, ANTF Police have arrested a man near the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and seized four boxes of soap containing heroin. weighing 66.46 gm, 2 mobile phones and a car.
Even the NPP leaders have already announced that they have already won a majority and will form a single government after the 2023 elections.
Pangniang said the real map of Meghalaya is from 1976 and should be accepted, but it would be like misleading the school children.
“It shows that these MDCs and their supporters don't know anything about the meaning of an autonomous body or the 10th Schedule of the Constitution of India, even though this Act is not yet in the District Councils,” he said. The Senior Working President concluded by saying that the fact is that MDCs have their own parties in District Councils as well as in Parliament and State Assemblies and the party system from which they win has been recognized by the party system. law.
Today, the rainfall in Sohra, from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm, was 63.2mm, while in Shillong, 9.1mm and in Umiam, 8.9mm.
However, the state government has been claiming that it has helped to develop tourism by providing funds to build homestays and guest houses while in fact, these are not the sources of tourism. to the tourist industry.
In a statement, he said, “The people should read and understand carefully what this statement means.
Passers-by saw the box and immediately informed the police. They took the box from the road to Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai.
It was also witnessed on this day, that although it was only a day of scrutiny to examine the documents of the candidates whether they are eligible to become full candidates according to the The supporters of various candidates came to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District in Nongpoh.
This was in reply to a question by Rona Khymdeit, MDC UDP from Nongpoh.
Vehicles coming from Jaiaw to Khyndai Lad will pass through Riatsamthiah and Umsoh Sun roads through Wahingdoh near the office of Syiem Mylliem, Mawkhar.
With this victory, CSA will reach the quarterfinals.
Reopening of Schools, Colleges, Schools and Training Centres For the reopening of schools and coaching centres, the State/UT Governments have been empowered to take a decision after the 15 March 19, 2020.
Account holders between the ages of 18 and 40 years can also receive pension through the Atal Pension Yojna (APY) which ranges from 1000 to 5000 tyngka per month. per month with a payment of 42 or 210 rupees.
Many of the residents are afraid that if a clean government comes, they will have to change the government every 10 or 2 years as in the past.
“All the companies which have submitted the tender for the operation of the 108 Emergency Service in Meghalaya, have promised to increase their salaries every year, to pay insurance, to pay if the employees are involved in accidents, to pay medical expenses if “The Minister of Health and Family Welfare has informed that the employees need to undergo tests to see if they have the skills and after that they will be able to be appointed according to their skills and qualifications. authority to work in various departments of the Emergency Service.
Therefore, the union has met with the DC to ask for clarification which other districts have already received.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04 : Meghalaya has won medals in the 1st North East Sub Junior Boys & Girls Boxing Championship. which was held in Dirang, Arunachal Pradesh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Hadrian said that the fact that he was not allowed to speak at the meeting was the responsibility of the organizers.
The union also strongly criticized the development works of the Meghalaya government, on 9th June 2017 the Assam government through the police from Sabuda stopped and banned the construction of electricity posts of the Meghalaya government, and this scheme. The electricity distribution scheme in Sabuda has been received from the Central Government through the Meghalaya Government and the sad thing is that the electricity distribution scheme has not been seen yet to continue and has stopped without benefiting the people.
We cannot accept bloodshed against any religion for any reason and I strongly condemn such bloodshed.
Speaking on the belief that the education department is not a revenue generating department, Babu Mayborn said that this is true, but it should not be forgotten that it is through the education department and the teachers who leave. Government officials and political leaders and we must remember that teachers are the shapers of the future of the country and the nation,” said Babu Mayborn.
The group of Ministers of the Union Government and the Congress leaders disagreed and differed on the course of action.
“The Medical College to sign the PPP mode has progressed and we are in talks with some agencies after the cancellation of the soskular signed with the KPC group in 2012,” he said. Conrad K. Sangma in his reply to the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
The decision of the FAS TOM came after the government through the Additional Chief Secretary Education informed the leaders of the union that they have met to find out about the progress of their demand.
Bung said that it is the UDP MLAs who bring many issues for the people in the Legislative Assembly and in KHADC it is the UDP MDC. Donkupar Sumer from Umsning who found a serious case of corruption in the Professional Tax.
The newly appointed Director General of Police (DGP) Idashisha Nongrang said that the peace talks with the rebel groups show that the Government is quick.
"“We will apply the same rules as we did in the first wave.
Furthermore, the beautification of Jowai town has been financed by T.12 crore and the construction of roads in Jowai has been financed by T.23 crore.
Our Khasi country is indeed a country blessed by God.
““The ability to reach the final has been an inspiration to other young players of the state.
In the streets of Jerusalem in Jowai.
The decision against Masood is the first case after the Supreme Court in its hearing on 10th November where the court can remove him from the post of MLA or MP. The court has already prepared to remove Masood under the RP Act which stipulates that anyone involved in corruption should be removed.
Never ill treat your husband’s friends because you don’t like them, the person who’s supposed to get rid of them is your husband.6.
Red wine: Red wine is one of the best drinks for the health of the body.
The Ukrainian men's football team is now preparing to continue its qualifiers for next year's European Championship. , although the Kyiv government has banned Russian sports teams from participating in any tournament involving Russian and Belarusian athletes.
In the past, the Hahim market was a center of trade between the Khasi and the Assamese. two to three years old cows to be sold to the Assamese, to be used as lur cows.
When he won again, he didn't hesitate to look at the people, because as a candidate he had already bought them from the beginning and in such cases, the five years became just years. The candidate shall try as much as possible to recover all the wealth he has invested and spent during his campaign, when he has won and begun to disappear from the people, who else has to lose, It is the people, because the development of the country or the development schemes of the villages have not come forward, because the candidate who won has disappeared without seeing him.
The shooting was between a group of Leftists against members of the ABVP, who belong to the RSS branch, and the reason was because they went to eat and covered with jyntah doh. at the hostel of the university, as a celebration of the Hindu festival, Ram Navami.
For example, an expense of only T.300 brokers say you have to pay up to T.2,500 (two thousand five hundred) tyngka and so on.
On the other hand, the Finance Secretary of NEHUSU, Samla Mandor Diengdoh, on Tuesday said that after the reports of rape of a woman, Nantu Das, incharge of Security and Assistant Director, of Sports Department NEHU and on the letters of complaint lodged with NEHUSU, the group has taken strong action against such illegal activities.
"Bran then they left the house with anger and began to quarrel with each other.
After the ARPA lost power in KHADC, Rupang went to KHADC to find out how many foreign shops have been closed down. be locked down at the time and how many companies.
Hamlet left the People's Democratic Front (PDF) which he won as an MLA and joined the NPP before the elections.
Apply these mixtures on the whole face and slowly rub for a while and leave for about 15 minutes.
The action of KHADC, through Bah Paul Lyngdoh (EM Trade) is right.
They thanked the PWD department and the Mayor of the area, Bah Gigur Myrthong, for providing them with this road which has been a blessing to the area.
A Khasi youth identified as Disnarling L.Lyngdoh, a Homeguard and Security Guard at the FCI Conservation Center (FCI) at Mawsmai, Jerobad, Ri Bhoi, has passed away this morning. He was shot dead by a group of foreign truck drivers last night in the grounds of the FCI in the village.
The UCC is part of the Constitution of India under Part 4 of Article 44 which cannot be exercised like other fundamental rights. rights) which are protected by the Constitution.
Afternoon Session In the afternoon session which started at 2:30 pm, the chief guest, Dr VK Mishra, Director, ICAR Shillong, explained about the teachings of Swami Vivekananda which says that faith in righteousness is and this does not matter if a person follows any faith.
This was stated in a petition submitted by the Union to the Chief Minister today signed by the Chairman Bah B.Sohtun at a meeting held at the Secretariat, Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong today suspended the classes of the University of Technology and Management (UTM) at Dhanketi due to the holiday. Cut Year.
In another development, the United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided not to support the NPP candidate for the upcoming mid-term elections in Tura. to make the final decision.
Matthew 4:8-11.
The chairman of the JAC said that they have decided to write to the President of India and the Governor of Meghalaya for their opinion on the violation of the UGC Model CRR by the VC. “The court has met and discussed the matter on Friday on the progress of the matter and decided to close the door in the court to announce the action of the VC,” said Kma.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the government has decided to suspend the NPP due to the opposition from many quarters and because the NPP itself as a party does not go beyond the NPP. He said this at a meeting of the NPP at its office in Shillong.
Besides their request, the DM&HO said that the government will soon call a tender for the construction of the Nongkynjang PHC. Mawkyrwat, Lber, 28: Pastor (Dr) BR Sohkhia in his speech on the Word of God at the Golden Jubilee Service of the PHC The Bible Society of India Mawkyrwat Branch, which was held at the Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Church, reminded the believers of the words, “How can we live together in heaven, if we don't know how to live together here on earth”.
In the first innings, West Jaintia Police failed to bat first and scored 156 runs in 28.4 overs.
Justice Rumi Kumari Phukan, retired judge of the Guwahati High Court, on November 28, 2022, visited Mukroh village, where seven people lost their lives in the landslide. Police and Forest Guards of Assam State on 22nd November,
The betrayal has been going on since 1991.
He said that these policemen have only 15 personnel and due to the lack of staff they have had to withdraw.
The prayer will be held with the Tymmen u San of the Seng Khasi, and all the young men and women of the Seng Khasi Seiñ Raij are invited to attend the prayer at the Seng Khasi Seiñ Raij headquarters in Mawkhar.
Shillong: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Union Home Minister Amit Shah will meet on the issue of The meeting between Assam and Meghalaya has been postponed from one day to another and today the Chief Minister said that the meeting will be held on the 29th of this month. date of this month.
So they sat down under a big tree in the distance.
Churchill Brothers took the lead in the first half after 15 minutes through a goal from Stendly Teotonio Fernandes.
The support of the people to the Voice of the People Party (VPP) especially on the hunger strike of Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit to demand a review of the employment quota in the state has led to some of the The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has decided to leave the party and join the VPP. The HSPDP has decided to leave the HSPDP because of a misunderstanding on the issue of the HSPDP. The VPP has supported the change in the employment quota, but there has been a strong debate in this party.
First of all, I am not a student of Khasi Literature but I am fortunate to have taken an elective with MIL Khasi.
The state collects hundreds of crores of revenue from the Kyiad, except for the Kyiad lieh which is still abroad, which is a great support for the state.
Mawkyrwat has reached 86.13% while Ranikor has reached 86.62%.
Shillong: There have been 19 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong as of 11 pm today.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Angela, one of the founders of KAM Meghalaya, said, “We should not be forced or deceived by the idea that we should choose or join associate with people who are less wicked or less corrupt or less deceitful.
After the completion of the five-day investigation, the Jowai Police Station has taken the three persons back to court on 2nd June and the court has decided to remand them for 12 days. ‘Judicial Custody’.
The Association added that as citizens who have a responsibility for the future of the society, it is time for us to surprise people and unite to come forward to eradicate it. syndon such evils.
The EJNC leaders said that the burning of the tyngshop was to express their opposition and strong condemnation of the unfounded and unacceptable border dispute with Assam.
Filicia Kharhunai as General Secretary and 30 Executive Members.
in The distribution of rice is 5 kilos per person per month while for AAY rice, each household will receive 35 kilos per month.
It is suspected that the drug was heroin and it was packed in a golden tin of tobacco containing up to 5 tins.
He requested the cost of constructing the Tirot Singh Memorial Stadium as a fully functional sports ground, so that the government can do whatever is necessary.
She won 6 gold, 5 silver and 2 bronze medals.
In Zone 2, Monitha Marak scored 38 runs, Chigame Marak 24 runs and NGH scored 199 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 35 overs.
Naga is the brother of MLA Samuel Sangma.
The government has already distributed T.49,45,96,111 so far, said Dr Laloo and added that another T.8 crore remains in the custody of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi.
This is surprising because none of us want leaders who are stupid or foolish.
Similarly, in another village south of Kherson, a policeman was killed after a bus nearby was shot down, killing two passengers. They were also injured in the shooting.
I hope for the best.
May God be with you and continue to bless you all.
He scored the first goal in the 20th minute followed by the second goal of the half in the 57th minute.
According to the complaint, the incident occurred in 2023 at the child's residence.
In a petition sent to the Prime Minister's Office on Tuesday, the MIECC said, “We request the Prime Minister to issue an order to immediately resume international trade in Khasi and Jaintia Hills between India and Bangladesh.
He started his college in Class XI Arts and BA General Course which was opened on 5th August, 1997 at the District Library. Agency Iawmuse.
I believe that many of our countrymen still remember what happened in Merapani between the Assam Police and the Nagaland Police in previous years.
¢Do not dig or cut soil within 10 meters of 132000 volt and above 132000 volt and 5 meters of 11000 volt and 33000 volt power outlets without written permission from MeECL or electricity owners. .
According to the Aquatic Club, those who wish to learn more about this can contact the club leaders or on the club's Instagram (Swim Well Aquatic Club).
If private factories in Ri-Bhoi and Jaintia Hills can produce dewbilat, why has the Government factory, which has been in existence since 1955, disappeared?
Shillong, November 28: The headquarters of the State Police Battalion in Delhi has caught fire on Christmas Eve.
The NPP leaders said they are still in Delhi and will announce Clement's candidacy on Friday when they return from Delhi.
For seven years the Government spent the time and energy of the plaintiffs in court and in various struggles.
Garobadha Police on receiving the incident rushed to the village, arrested Ranjan and seized the knife he used. The body was taken to Civil Hospital, Tura for postmortem. do the post mortem.
Shillong, July 22: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Friday presented the National Florence Nightingale Award for the year 2022 and 2023 to the nurses serving across the country. The meeting was held at Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi.
The driver of the truck was identified as Murthu Simili, 28, from Tamil Nadu.
The MDCs of KHADC should monitor the Clan Administration Bill and ensure that it gets the approval of the Governor soon.
King Wickliffe graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering in
Its primary focus is not only on textbooks but beyond that.
Many of us had to wait overnight at the water tank to fill up in the morning.
The writer warns us that human life is short – we became human beings by the law of God and lose our physical body only once, there is no cure for the whole world.
The Executive Engineer of PWD, Sainia Kyndiah, said that the road has been constructed under the Special Accelerated Road Development Program (SARDP-NE) of the Government of Meghalaya. Highway.
These treatments are easy, but home remedies are very effective in treating goitre.
You don't have to eat your own, you don't have to eat others.
“Where are you Niakha..." You went home. “I don't know...?" Niakha asked, “Yes, I don't have Niakha...” Rida replied.
The main purpose of this market is to promote the farmers' market and also to provide food items especially fresh jhur brought by the farmers from their fields to relieve the people from the crowded market.
In an interview with Dr. Sylvanus Lamare, one of the leaders of education, he felt that the Khasi language is sufficient to be included in Schedule-8 and said that it will help to improve the quality of education. If the State Government issues an order that there is no prohibition on teaching Khasi and Garo to children from Grade 1 to Class XII and to introduce them as Associate Official Languages.
In China and Japan, milk and many other foods are produced from the seeds of this plant.
The Indian football team beat Pakistan 4-0 in the opening ceremony of the SAFF Championship 2023 on Tuesday at the Sree Kanteerava Stadium in Bengaluru.
They also explained to the public that these village fish, which are sold now, do not have any harmful effects on health and are clean and the price remains the same and has not increased or decreased.
Conrad K. Sangma said that in the last two years alone, the MDA government has been able to provide roads in many places which have been neglected in the past years. not everything.
The age of the players is those born on 31st December,
The Meteorological Department has warned that there will be another heavy rainfall in some parts of the state on the 3rd June
Referring to the problems faced by the residents, it is not only from one place or one district, but from all over the country from the east, east and west. There are also people from Bangladesh.
Today we have many individualistic attitudes.
Media reports said that Shakira has a crush on Tom, but she wants to love him only as a friend, not as a young man. she doesn't want to marry anyone, because she wants to spend time with her children first.
His name was Morning Star Lyngdoh, according to police.
Now, because the BJP and other Hindu parties like the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Bajrang Dal, Bharatiya Kisan Sangh and others come from the same source of the Sangh Parivaar, they have and if possible, to establish India as a Hindu state from scratch, which means one religion, one culture and one language.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today postponed the hearing on the coal issue in the state to 4th November,
While Adelbert stood up to ask a question, the microphone did not work at all and the Deputy Speaker, who did not hear Adelbert's question, went on to ask another question.
That's a great look down.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has refused to accept the HLC's report and has decided to fight against this illegal act of the Government.
Meanwhile, the BSP, which won six seats in 2018, has now won only two seats while independent candidates and other small parties have won 12 seats.
How much pain has happened in Sutnga area? Bill Gates, the world's richest man, has invested $1 billion in green energy.
Through this secret, they will gradually succeed in exterminating the Christians as they have started to do to the Muslims in Assam now.
If the Deficit System is increased, the Government will have to spend T.257,36,45,148 crore per annum out of a total of T.158,33,28,000 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 :The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) which is an association of Village Authorities from all over the country was established by the will of the members of the National Assembly. long on 30th June 2015 at Polo Ground; The Union is deeply saddened and surprised to see the condition of the projects funded by the State Government and the Central Government implemented by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government. ) have really devastated the state.
On the other hand, Bah Sadon Blah, leader of the HNYF, said that when the HNYF demanded ILP, the government set up a committee and when the committee decided to implement the ILP, the CM said it was a political ploy. He said that the committee has no political connections.
“Therefore, we need to have our own permanent Pincode as soon as possible,” he said.
The DCs and SPs have authority only over Law and Order but they are the District Councils.
She said that if there is any collection of cess by the state government, it should be done without a proper consultation.
The man looked at Peter.
“Therefore, the government does not have any financial loss but what affects is only the time, instead of giving to the companies that can work or to the public undertakings of the government who want to or those who can implement this project in Meghalaya.
Therefore, when you are in bed because of your illness, do not spend time in tears and sorrow, but spend time in prayer without ceasing.
The Selection Committee of the Junior Boys has also selected three players.
Ladrymbai scored the first goal of the match.
In Shillong, Emanbha Marbaniang scored four goals (74, 79, 87, 90+5 min) for Jyntru after making his debut in the second half.
In the afternoon, the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang flagged off the procession on the tradition which included groups leading various sectors as well as tableaus representing the 3 heroes. and freedom fighters, including the Mobile IEC of Viksit Bharat which was launched simultaneously in 75 tribal districts of the country including East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills, East Garo Hills. Hills & North Garo Hills District.
The Village of Nongsynrieh and the Kur Nonglang have started to improve the area around Mawlyngdoh from the east. start building a dam to build a pond to clean and swim.
We demand that she should apologize immediately within a day and we will not hesitate to go to court, because this person is trying to create ethnic discrimination,” said the statement, sent by Bah PS Lyngdoh Secretary. and Bah R Lyngkhoi, President.
Mugabe ruled the country for 37 years until he was overthrown by his own military commander, who is now Zimbabwe's new president.
At the same time, the VPP Spokesperson, once again congratulated the people who have given their support to the Party's struggle to demand a change in the Reservation Policy and the Government's appointment of the Expert Committee and its members. I am the victory of the people.
When asked, Dr. Ampareen said, “Therefore, we say that when we get the opportunity to get the railway, let us go ahead and find out the reasons by inspecting and investigating. the advantages and what are the disadvantages.
Justice SR Sen referred the case to the Division Bench.
Mr. Khongthaw was involved in the subject of Ecology & Environment.
Other participants including Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh, Nongstoin MLA J Jyndiang, Saleng A Sangma and Nihim D Shira urged the government to reconsider the construction of the highway. Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura as there are places where traffic accidents have been caused due to the construction of the company especially in the villages like what happened in Nongspung these days.
The KSU Umïam Circle led by Samla Stevenson Kharkrang as President and members of the KSU Umïam Circle has decided to suspend the meeting after receiving information last night that there were hundreds of bars. The union has taken this step to raid these factories in order to prevent any foreigners from entering the country illegally without providing documents. These pages are in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
They don't have a shatri or any protection from the heat of the sun, because the rain will fall, and the wind will blow, but they hurry to their work and also to return home.
Shillong: Many Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai, have decided to convene a public meeting on the 29th of this month at 12:30 pm at Madan Mawroh to explain and express their support for the Revolution. by the “Protect the Country” Group.
However, in a few years, the appearance has changed.
Sohniamtra trees also have many diseases, but the most common in this country are: (1) Coletotrichum gloeosporioides (2) Botrytis cineria wither tip is a disease that starts at the tops of the branches and spreads slowly downwards.
However, we cannot blame only one or two for some reason.
“Rupanto told us that he decided to surrender himself because of the violence of Sohan D Shira who ordered only what he wanted and because of the murder of a person who should not have been killed,” he said. police.
The violence of the police incharge of Pynursla and the taking of the law to bomb the members of the party seems to have something to do with the smuggling to Bangladesh, he said.
She said the Meghalaya government should introduce the ILP to strengthen the laws to protect the state as a whole.
The relationship between the BJP and the NPP-led MDA government in Meghalaya has become increasingly strained with the passing of time.
In the Discus Throw Under 16 category, Paiabantei Sylliang from Ri Bhoi won the gold medal, Amian Hatto from North Garo Hills won the silver medal and Ashley Shane Dan from East Khasi Hills won the silver medal. and he received the bronze medal.
As the Congress has not been able to win many MLAs, it has found it difficult to get the post of Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Assembly and relies on the decision of the Lamphang on this.
He said that the economic growth will turn around once these 100 blocks are in line with the economic growth of the country.
He also urged the MDCs, when taking any decision, they should understand their own grounds and not be misled by others, because in the end they have to answer to the people.
New Delhi: Regarding the suspension of 141 opposition MPs, Hema Malini, said, “They have asked too many questions and shown their stupidity. , that they are suspended.
“These are my weapons against the police chiefs, I don't have anything.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that during the meeting, the committee has discussed the venues for the National Games
The court issued Non-Bailable Warrants against Pannu on June 3, 2021 and declared him a Proclaimed Offender (PO) on November 29,
The victory over sin and sickness is only through prayer and supplication in the blood of the Lamb of God, the Lord Jesus Christ.
Mang Hai Ryum Secondary School beat Marian Hill HS School 3-2
The President said that the protest will not only be against the implementation of NEP-2020 but against other violations of the rules of the VC in the past two years including the plants are not among other things.
In the darkness, voters have lined up since early morning at 945 polling stations in four districts of Garo Hills to elect their leader.
Because selfishness and selfishness quickly enter the mind of the Rangbah and there are many destroyers for their own benefit.
Shillong, Nailur 4: The SWAT team led by TC Chako, Circle Inspector of Williamnagar, has seized a pistol from a GNLA leader. people are destroying government property, it means they are destroying public property because it was made from public money.
This deterioration of this road has polluted all the drinking water wells due to the pum pum which has affected the health of the people and during the rainy season this road has turned into a handmade road and full of snow. sir.
Phase 3 will start from 4 May 2020 to 17 May 2020=14 days.
Finally, the request for clarification is that the commitment of the Dorbar Shnong to manage the finance and implementation of development projects should be thoroughly considered.
They were like the good Samaritan in Jesus' parable in Lk.10:25-3
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that relief efforts are ongoing after the earthquake in Dangar and Kenmynsaw. the houses of the people were destroyed.
Meanwhile, the Executive Member in charge of the market of KHADC, Bah Jambor, said that the Council has directed the Hima Nongstoin to issue a directive to all the villages, market authorities to The use of plastic should be strictly enforced.
Before the issuance of tickets, a short meeting was held at the training ground of the Association led by President Yoosar Kynjing. Puramon Kynjing, BAM members and trained youth.
All the speakers urged the public especially the tourists and visitors to this place to cooperate to clean up this place, in order to preserve its beauty.
Those who say they love the nation, said the old judge.
According to the army chiefs, about 20 members of the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) attacked Lhubirira Secondary School on that day.
In the journey of the Khasi since they came up to these Khasi hills, the Khasi have lived by fighting with other neighboring tribes and even among the Khasi, one kingdom has fought against another kingdom.
“The village of Nongwah Mawtamur which falls under the Sohiong Hima and the surrender has been a mistake in which they have signed only in a letter,” he added.
The teachers have come back to protest after the government has expired the deadline to implement their demands after six months or after three Cabinet meetings.
“The commemoration of this day is to send a message to the Government of India that we are still against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019 and at the same time to remind our people of the injustice of the Government of India. against the people of the North East,” said Bah Samuel.
?" Panah asked. Rida immediately listened.
Applicants can obtain the application form Form-I of Meghalaya Foodgrains (PDS) from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) and submit it before 15th March 2021 during office hours.
On the same day, the tyngshops of two MLAs, Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan constituency and Bah Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut constituency, were also burnt down. The HSPDP has decided to support the NPP to form a government in the state.
Furthermore, no shops selling food and beverages are allowed in the area.
The Deputy Commissioners of all the nine districts in the Khasi Hills have been directed to maintain peace and order.
Therefore, it is time to surprise people not to do anything lest disaster come upon us.
With this victory, Man City, who have won the title for seven seasons under Pep Guardiola, have scored 79 points from 33 games, while Arsenal have 78 points left.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that he has already received a letter from the AITC and Congress parties that they want to be recognized as opposition parties, while the Voice of the The People's Party (VPP) has not yet received any letter from the opposition.
Nongpoh, July 28: The FKJGP Bhoirymbong Circle under the leadership of Samla Boy Kurbah President and Banseng Sohiong Secretary together with members, has erected signboards in Bhoirymbong, Lumdaitkhla and Lumsohpieng villages to prohibit the public from driving fast but to drive slowly according to the speed limit.
The Ministry of Health in England estimates that in 2017/18, there will be an estimated 22,000 deaths each year from headaches.
In Brazil, 37,923 new cases have been reported in the past 24 hours and 1,091 people have died.
Although this constituency is close to Assam, there are no income generation opportunities or jobs are very scarce.
They reminded that at present there are only three teachers in the morning shift while in the morning there are about 35 teachers.
He said the party has demanded that the Election Commission of India (ECI) should immediately take action against the VPP leaders for disrupting the NPP's election campaign. The VPP has failed due to lack of public support.
Therefore, our teaching methods have been developed in such a way that every child will benefit and no one will be left behind.
The youth was rushed to Shillong for treatment.
“From the very beginning, we have made it clear from previous years that the Government should think and ask and look at once again the employment gap which has been in our state for 50 years.
The meeting will be held at 11 pm and will be led by the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) today met with the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Bah DP Wahlang to express his views on the SSLC examination and The HSSLC, which is usually held in June, should be postponed to June 2021 like other central government examinations, so that teachers can prepare the students and the students too can prepare.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of MJACCV, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa said that the strike started at 1 pm and will end at 4 pm. The meeting will be held at 3 pm.
The same thing happened to the Koch, Rabha, Hajong and began to spread to the Karbi and Bodo peoples.
The NDA government has signed a deal with French Dassault Aviation to purchase 36 fighter jets worth US$15 billion.
He said that to strengthen the struggle, they should form a group and requested that all those who passed not on the part of the government to come and support.
Mawdulop Village Council, Mawdulop Village Council, today held a special ceremony to honor 16 students who have completed their matriculation examination. school to higher education and to work in various fields.
The road from Baridua to Umsen will benefit many of the border villages in the area, from Baridua to Killing, Nongspung, Pillingkata, Umtyrnga and Umsen, which fall under the Jirang Constituency. .
On the 26th, it will be held at Sniriang, Tuber, East Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with JTES and District authorities.
UDP in Bhoi District 8-Mawhati Constituency.
For those who sell illegal liquor in the village, the Dorbar Shnong has given 10 months from 19th November to 19th March to stop selling illegal liquor and to do so. other activities that are not illegal.
The builder of the dewbilat cross is the villager of Mawiambei, Lowis Sohphoh, who built it without the knowledge or permission of the village.
In East Jaintia Hills, 13 cases, including 2 Health Workers, 2 ILI Cases, 2 cases in Khliehriat West Cluster, 2 cases in Lumsken Cluster and 3 cases in Starcement Cluster.
The Beat Office Forest Assam was also forcibly built in the forest area near Nongmukroh Road.
who said police are investigating the incident from the driver.
After conducting investigation, the CID has arrested four persons involved in the case.
Fifty 3.
The FKJGP has demanded from the Jowai MLA and the Minister of Urban Affairs to immediately resolve this issue and to find permanent measures to improve the lives of the people and to make Jowai clean and tidy.
Earlier, on 1st July, the NGT in a hearing in Shillong had directed the government to set up a new committee to take stock of the availability of coal within two months.
As a player for Bihar: He played for Bihar in the Ranji Trophy in the 1999–2000 season at the age of
In another development, Bah Snaitang said that the UDP from Ranikor is ready to announce its candidate by the end of October this year. The candidate, whom the party has nominated this time, is Bah Pius Marwein, who will contest against Martin Danggo of the Congress, said Bah Snaitang.
It is also prohibited to smoke or throw garbage at the Madan School.
She said that although several MLAs have supported the demand, the state government has postponed the report for many years.
"If India provides sufficient information on the existence of terrorist groups, we will take strong action against them," Azad said.
The President of GSU-WZ, Jappindro M Marak, has written a letter to the Chief Engineer of the National Highway requesting him to appoint a team of inquiry into the construction of the road. company.
T.Kyndiah, District Child Protection Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, spoke on the two categories of children in need of care and children in conflict with the law. D.Mawleiñ, MPS, Deputy Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District spoke on Cyber ​​Crime. West Khasi Hills District has spoken on how children can get legal assistance without the need for any payment under the NALSA Scheme
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) Chief Secretary Dr DD Lapang on Tuesday said that the arrival of Bah Vincent H Pala is not the reason for the defeat of the Congress party in the state.
Nongstoiñ: The Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) Nongstoiñ, this evening conducted a raid after receiving a tip on the movement of drug traffickers in Nongstoiñ. .
“We have launched various programs on mission mode so that farmers can earn money by increasing their production, other implementations include Ginger Mission, Lakadong Mission and Jackfruit Mission. They are the ones who have opened up employment opportunities for the people in the rural areas.
The tournament will be held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai from 9:00 pm.
Speaking to media, on behalf of the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also the President of the PDF, he said that the party stands against the to take care of the safety of the residents in the state as a whole, especially MeECL or the employees of this electricity distribution department in the state.
Other schemes include the Sickle Cell Anaemia Elimination Mission, enrollment in Eklavya Model Residential Schools, Scholarship Schemes Forest Right Titles covering private and community land, the Van Dhan Vikas Kendra which has been established for running Self Help Groups and others.
On seeing the sudden fire, the residents informed the Guwahati Fire Brigade who rushed to the scene and rushed to the scene. rushed to the scene, who also managed to extinguish the flames of the blaze.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the issue has already been discussed with the Prime Minister that evening.
Police of West Jaintia Hills District Police have arrested four robbers along with a homemade pistol and unfired bullets on a group of robbers on the Jowai Bypass.
He said the UDP knows that the KSU and its leaders do not take part in politics and the incident may have been committed by those who took advantage just to slander Bah Paul Lyngdoh as a candidate. “Perhaps there are other people who take advantage of what happens from time to time in Mawprem area to accuse someone,” he said. I'm going to raise you.
It is the place of the dead.
He also appealed to all those who have a sympathetic spirit to support the synjuk especially for the match to be held in Delhi on the 25th of November as the cost of work has increased.
“Bah Paul, when he was the Minister of Urban Affairs, overthrew the MPA government by fighting against the Minister of PHE, Bah AL Hek on the implementation of Phase III of Greater Shillong. The Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) has been funded by the JNNURM,” said the Minister of State Dr Sangma while speaking at a meeting at Mawngap today.
Jowai, November 12: The overloading of coal trucks from East Jaintia Hills to Assam has caused a lot of dissatisfaction among the coal owners who smuggle coal to Assam without cheating. “Many 12 and 14 shaka trucks transport coal without proper documents and this is because the police and even the drivers The weighbridge at 13 Miles is also involved,” said one of the wealthy coal traders from Jaintia Hills.
(These are the days since the birth of Bah Swell, his childhood, his schooling, please read again the next day to know when he should have worked to affect and how he came to politics and became a star of this country).
This program was organized in collaboration with Swer PHC, which on Monday of the month organized a programme.
“At present, I don't have any intention of contesting MDC, because I have already won MDC six times from the three ethnic parties that have joined the UDP,” he said.
If it is not possible, it should be held every year.
On the other hand, Bah Hubert Marwein, who is also registered in the VEC, said that he is surprised at the RTI report investigated by the BDO's office. The BDO's office has not found any complaint against the VEC Nongpoh. In conclusion, he said that according to the report, the VEC has not investigated. The BDO together with the Ombudsman has not been satisfied with the incident and on his part, he has requested the authorities to send for a thorough investigation. Those involved in the misuse of this scheme should be punished according to the rules and regulations of the scheme implemented by the Central Government, he added.
Regarding the road from Shillong to Dawki, M/S Tanor Engineering has been handed over to repair the PKG-I, PKG-III sections. Bypass) and PKG-V, at a cost of T.5.80 crore.
Many residents have strongly condemned the death of six Assamese in a coal mine in East Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
At the same time, she paid tribute to the FSS under the leadership of Bah Aldous and the team who have been able to shape and pave the way for it in this path.
Starred Question- Pyrthew Dakhlur has asked a question in the Legislative Assembly published in a newspaper marked with the shab of the star in which any member wants an answer from the government ministers who will make the answer inside. lympung of the Legislative Assembly.
In front of a large gathering, Dr Mukul Sangma said that the FOCUS scheme implemented by the MDA government is the same as the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Project ( IBDLP) and until now the MDA Government has not issued its own schemes, but schemes like FOCUS have been followed by the IBDLP issued by Dr Mukul Sangma, during his tenure. Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Rophul Marak, MLA of Siju-Rongara, said that he would discuss the matter with the state government to discuss with the Indian government on the plight of the people.
According to a report by the Hong Kong-based Ocean Conservation Group, Ocean Asia, an estimated 1.56 billion face masks were thrown into the sea in 2020 alone, amounting to 4,680-6,240 metric tonnes of plastic waste. This has affected the environment.
Shillong, July 22: The Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) today sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, AT Mondal. convene a Special Session of MLAs to discuss urgent issues affecting the state.
Hopefully we won't reach this point.
The Behdeinkhlam festival of Seinraij Mukhla has started on 22-08-2020 in compliance with the government's orders to stay away from each other and wear masks.
The DGP said that the seizure in 2022 is the highest in 50 years in the state with 116 complaints.
According to her, there is no de-addiction center for women in the State.
The Apostle Paul wrote and explained to the Colossians that Jesus is the image of God, the firstborn of all creation, and that he created all things in heaven and on earth. visible and invisible, whether thrones or kingdoms or dominions or Powers, all things were created by him and for him.
However, the water also flows because of chemical reactions that work continuously.
He said the lack of funds has made it difficult for the NEC to allocate funds to implement the works in the eight-state region.
The Secretary of the Society for the Study of Law, JB Laloo said that the meeting should discuss the memorandum or petition submitted to the government for the establishment of the National Law School in Jaintia Hills recently. The Government has announced to set up these schools in the state.
Hap ya be careful ho! to insult others to get jobs or to violate the rights of others who have been insulted so that gradually we will not be able to rise up later.
He said that as they were not allowed to open the foundation stone, they too left but after they left, hundreds of people who had already waited there left. “They bombed the foundation stone and burnt the plastic covering the foundation stone,” said Bah Rynjah. He said that they found the plastic covering the foundation stone. after they left as soon as they learned of the incident.
The government is now planning to appoint Bah Shullai as chairman.
In the final match between Umkynsier SC and Umlakro SC, the match was very fierce and thrilling for the fans of the two teams, but in the midst of the fierce match, Umkynsier SC won. Friends United Patarim scored the first goal in the 9th minute and beat Friends United Patarim 1-0
“I Lok, you don't say anything against it; but you just say that it depends on the will of your son...” said Maheh. “That's the truth and it's true. too.
Within 30 days, the beast will still rule in great anger.
Participants are only residents and voters of the 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency.
Pillika R Marak tied 25 runs, Mikchi-kime 19 runs and Cheriksa S Sangma 15 runs.
Shillong, besides being a city that has emerged without any development, still needs many things to become a 'Smart City' as envisaged by the government of Narendra Modi.
Shillong, July 6: “The decision of the High Command, I have nothing to say,” said Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, the new President of the BJP in Meghalaya.
Before the procession, a Mass of the Holy Eucharist was conducted by the Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar in the presence of Priests, Sisters and faithful.
They are like school children who prepare books only when they see their teachers and parents.
Nevertheless, it cannot be denied that there were some of his disciples who were a cause of great sorrow to the people, because of their violence in many cases.
“Put that spirit of selfishness but they shouldn't have the spirit of shooting with their hands but they should shoot with their brains through putting the spirit of struggle, hard work in their studies and “If others can do it, I should do it too”, encouraged Bah Synshar to the students.
“We have received information that the stolen question is exactly the same as the question that came during the examination, we want the examination to be conducted again,” said Ishraful Haque, president of Anti Corruption and Human. Development Organization.
He said that when the Assam police arrested these youths, they said that they brought these cows for the purpose of farming, but the Assam police alleged that they brought these cows. don't shoot.
He said that under this project, the project will be implemented within one year and MGIRI has prepared in two parts, Phase-I to study the black pottery artisans and to study how to paint them.
The National Lok Adalat will be held on the 14th of this month from 10:00 AM at the District and Session Court, Jowai and Sub-Divisional Court Building, Amlarem. .
When asked about the relocation of the Gurudwara from this place, Tynsong said, “The land in Them Iewmawlong is a market place. ".
Lang said he recognized that it was a small bird.
Police were injured in a clash with farmers in tractors.
When I think carefully why our State has declined in many ways, the main reason is because of the lack of governance and the inability to produce rulers who have the ability to responsibility because the power of money works well during elections and makes it easy for the rich to win elections by deceiving them through once every five years programmes, pre-election charity and and other deceitful things of all kinds unto the people.
During these years there have been many attacks against Christians and other minorities.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Metbah said, “I am sorry to hear the news that the UDP has joined the NPP”.
Many of the residents in those areas who are facing these problems are affected by the Municipal's negligence and when they cannot stand it anymore, they cannot help but come forward to protest against the dumping of garbage in the area.
“There have been candidates who have taken part in the last election and as leaders we have faced many obstacles but as leaders we have overcome all the challenges. MLAs, in an attempt to strengthen the party but after the election we get only 2 MLAs”.
For such companies, the best thing to do is to hand them over to the private sector or privatize them.
Shillong, July 26: The Sohra Sub Division Police on Tuesday held a celebration of the Anti-Drug Day at St. John Bosco Boys Higher Secondary School, Maraikaphon.
Many other parties or political parties are not willing to express this although they have the same intentions as the HSPDP but they are not willing to speak outside because they are used for politics.
Speaking at the programme, the Chief Minister said: “Meghalaya is a state without agriculture; Therefore, the development of agriculture in the state is our top priority”.
She also received the support of the residents of Khanduli who came to Jowai to sit in front of the JHADC grounds and the DC office Jowai.
This dorbar synrai will be the last of the five-year term before Meghalaya elects new leaders in the 2023 elections.
Many of the leaders of the Sengbhalang expressed the hope that this unity, one strategy, one strength and one voice will strengthen the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday approved for hearing on 31st November, Uddhav Thackeray's petition against the Election Commission's order to name the party. The Shiv Sena and its flag with a sword and spear to the group led by Eknath Shinde.
For more information, please call 9615069060, 8837455884, 9485164068,
PS Lyngdoh was accompanied by leaders and members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District and several women.
Johnstelin Youroin, Roy Kupar Synrem and Kondro Ksanlah left the House after a heated argument. At that time, the Magistrate, Sohra, entered the dorbar hall and ordered the people to leave the dorbar hall and the hall was locked.
The Waheh Shnong of Darrang, Bah Aliewsen Ryngksai Rangbah, together with the Village Committee, have issued a notice to the residents of Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills District. they didn't stay in the place where they were.
The public is also requested to report such online offers to their nearest Police Station for verification and action.
He said that the introduction of this sector in the UK&J Hills was also approved by the Chief Minister of Assam P.Chaliha at that time.
It is also the last time for the Jews (Israel) and the whole world.
The main tasks of these groups to improve the future of the people are also to inform the public about the development schemes which will benefit the backward villagers not only to improve their income but also to improve their livelihood. even in the benefits of employment opportunities which will benefit not only the private sector but also the community and the residents.
Shillong: A team of the Pynthorumkhrah Flood Control Committee (PFCC) led by Bah PN Syiem today met with the Minister in charge of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej. submit a petition on flooding in the area during the rainy season.
The JAC urges the elders and the people to come and take part in this march, as in the past two months alone, the abduction of people from this area has increased. This has happened twice to the people of Bangladesh.
According to the Indian Council of Agricultural Research, these pests have destroyed up to 40,000 hectares of farmland; However, there has been no serious damage to wheat fields, umphniang seedlings, jhur fields and others.
He said that as of now, the victory in this constituency is in the hands of the BJP if the BJP does not make a mistake in giving tickets.
Also present on the occasion were RDA Chairman Pius Marweiñ, RDA Secretary Jeslanroy Nongsiej, RDA Secretary SWKHD, Badarity Nonglait, Tirot Sing Suchiang and other RDA leaders. Brazil midfielder Casemiro has scored a goal for Manchester United to beat Nottingham Forest 1-0
We have to fight for the right to protect them, who were once with India, but who died in 1947′′.
To learn more about this story, Kynjatshai visited one of the villages in the Raid Nongbri, Umsaw Nongbri to witness with his own eyes the signs related to this story. neck.
Remember, you don’t live in the world all of your own- Albert Schweitzer".
He said that the CCIB has decided to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court against the issuance of No Objection Certificate (NOC) by the District Council to erect signboards. land ownership without a Public Hearing.
Homes were disappearing.
No matter how much they preach in Israel about the name of Jesus, they will not accept it and they will be really stubborn and stubborn and stubborn.
Shillong, July 20: According to the 2001 census, out of a population of more than 23 lakh, only 267,245 people are still in the traditional religion in Meghalaya.
“Due to the conflict with the government ministers, it has been delayed to announce the result.
I am pleased to say that the villages where I live, Pahamlapong and Pahamsohthri, hold a cleanliness drive every Saturday morning, and this is run by the women's organization.
Besides, it has also decided not to allow liquor shops within 100 meters of the road but in the cities where the roads pass, it has been increased to 50 meters.
where they live.
The three-day tournament started on July 29 and was attended by children, youth and senior players of the city, which was held at the Indoor Hall of the JN Stadium. , Polo.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 31: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Raid Nongtung Circle today expressed its deep sorrow over the violence of Assam and alleged that the development projects brought by the Meghalaya government have had to be stopped. While the development works brought from Assam in the border villages are still going on without any interruption.
Shillong, July 10: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) in a statement issued by its President, Thomas Passah, on Tuesday said that the uranium mining in the state has not ended and the state government has no authority. The statement said that only the Central Government can do whatever it wants, so the statement said that the MUA-II government's claim that the uranium mining has ended has been The question is whether it is true or not, because it is the same government that has been allowed to mine uranium in South West Khasi Hills since
Therefore, the Niti Aayog, which looks after the country as a whole, not only in the states, has now understood that the needs of the indigenous people are important. There are those who are left behind and we must not forget the 200 million people in the country.
For this reason, our state is still backward and many of the leaders who have statesmanship, do not want to involve in the rule of law. political).
Gambegre MDC Rakesh A Sangma and Deputy Commissioner Jagdish Chelani also attended the programme.
These competitions started and ended at the Campus DC Office.
The employees of GHADC have already lodged a complaint with the Governor, the Office of the Prime Minister of India and others, regarding the proposal to pay their monthly salary. that this would not be able to help them repay the loan they had taken.
It is a big job in the villages to clean up the collective waste and sewage treatment works across the rural areas of the country.
“We urge the leaders of the 13 civil society organizations to be firmly established and not to be involved in jail ja-um or Mukul's rhetoric,” said Donbok Kharlyngdoh President KSU Mawlai Circle. .
If it is true as it appeared in the newspaper on 31-1-23, you government don't arrest us anymore, because we too will eat and drink as we please, otherwise you I don't want to send you away, because you have led me away.
At the same time, he urged the District Chief to implement the method of collecting shyiap from the Myntdu River which is according to the custom of our ancestors.
Many of the party leaders gathered in front of the party headquarters holding placards and shouting slogans of opposition.
Archbishop Dominic Jala, SDB was born on 12th November 1951 in Mawlai Phudmuri. He is the fourth of eight children of Marius Lain Kharumnuid. I don't know the door of U Blei.
Nongthoh Bah S.K.N.[continued]"I don't know... I don't know how to do that.
Then to the Polo area, including the Polo Bridge to SRGT, the Polo Bridge to Lawmali.
Speaking to the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency, he expressed his gratitude to the Minister of Agriculture for the appointment of these 83 officers. you can complete this work within your time.
Shillong, Nailar, 10: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that history will come back for the Congress party in the upcoming Assembly elections. in 2023 in this state.
On the other hand, Babu thanked the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association, Ri-Bhoi Police and the district authorities for their assistance in the incident until the body of Vishwa arrived in Chennai on Tuesday. follow.
Police have recovered 2.10 grams of heroin, 8 grams of Nitrazepam, 2 Spasmo Proxyvon, 10 IV injection needles, 6 mobile phones, a date and T. ML05-R-8293, 10 tins of tobacco, 66 small plastic bottles of heroin and a fake mobile phone.
These villagers, especially the farmers, have been forced to leave their children in their homes and their children have to look after themselves because their parents have to go to work. sha you rep bag bag riang.
You will end up in the middle of bloodshed".
This happened at Wahktieh Village, Nongrah Nonglum, a village on the outskirts of Shillong.
The program was held at Trysem Hall, DC Office where Bah Garod LSN Dykes, IAS District Election Officer, West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest. ), Bah E.Lyngdoh MCS, AC (EI), ROs, AEROs, EAC in-charges, BLOs, Rangbah Shnongs, school children, voters who register new names and others.
The Government in the midst of the fight against Covid-19 has had to spend a lot of money and also the expenditure on necessities has made it unable to provide assistance to families with children going to school and in one The reason for this is the low income and the lack of income has made parents think twice before sending their children to school in these times because most of their income is not enough. only to fill the house.
Shillong, Lber 20: Lat Phagu Chauhan's speech in Hindi in the House has not only caused opposition from the VPP MLAs, but also the President of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS), Dr.DRL Nonglait. He expressed his opposition by saying that this is a lack of consideration by the Central Government for the people of the state.
Prof. Janak Jhankar Narzari, Soumitra Chatterji, Rathin Kanji, Prof. Niaz Majumdar, Falguni Mukherji, Shamita Goswami and Ketaki were also present. Choudhury, Mario Pathaw and Raphael Warjri, on issues of personal interest and those related to the role of literature in society.
The petition highlighted the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
It is our duty as children to obey,” said Kynsai.
Replying to a question raised by the Member of Parliament, Bah Charles Marngar, Member of Congress, on a recent newspaper article alleging that the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KADC) has collected money from the government. (KAAC) from the farmers in Border Block-II, Conrad K. Sangma said that only a settlement through mutual understanding and respect can solve the problems of the people of Meghalaya on the border with the border. Assam.
Replying to reports that Ajit Pawar was planning to join the BJP, a spokesperson for Uddhav's party said he had attended the meeting in Nagpur.
In the Under-17 Boys' match, Thangbuli HSS beat Nartiang Presbyterian HSS 4-3. Jaintia SS beat Amwi Jarain SS 6-5 KSU East Jaintia Hill District has extended its helping hand to a poor family in Jalyiah village.
About this village, it is located at the end of the Smit-Jongsha-Mawkynrew-Jatah-Syntung road.
Mukul acknowledged that it is true that the health facilities in the state are very poor and most of the patients are sent to government hospitals due to lack of equipment or health facilities in the state. place government.
“If you come and see the work, I'll tell you,” said Banrilang.
The JACAC was formed in collaboration between the village leaders and the leaders of the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF. to prevent the Khalai Act from happening in Ri Bhoi and at the same time to demand from the government to abolish the Khalai Act in the state.
The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sengkmie, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that the government should not politicize the railway line until it has implemented the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
In the second match, Pala SC beat Risingstar FC 3-0
Because at this time when the Hynniewtrep people are fighting for the rights that we deserve in terms of employment and other rights that we deserve. However, suddenly a voice came out from some of the Riew Rangbah to demand their own share for the Jaintia Hills.
Bharat Biotech is the manufacturer of Covaxin.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 04 : U Shitlang Pale, the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency, today came to register his nomination papers at the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election He is also an MLA who won from the Congress party in
In Tamil Nadu, 447 new cases were reported and in Chennai alone, 363 cases.
The first person involved in the incident was Shiningstar Wahlang and another friend of his was also arrested.
In East Jaintia Hills District, Malidor, Ratacherra and Umpyrdet will remain with Meghalaya and two others will go to Assam.
“Problems cannot be solved with chaos.
“The Congress party will elect another candidate in place of Bah Pynshngaiñ for 2018, we are confident that the Congress party will elect a person who will convince the people not like Bah Pynshngaiñ who is only one candidate. “The people of Mawsynram have been suffering because he doesn't have time to meet with the people,” said the Congress-Mawsynram leaders.
After the raid, police have arrested two persons suspected to be drug traffickers and traffickers in Nongstoiñ.
After the visit of the KHADC Committee last month to Nongbah Jynrin and Nongjri West Khasi Hills, as lay people who do not understand this kind of work, we have not found or received any information. There is no mining of uranium, but there are only explorations, explorations, excavations and explorations of uranium mines inside the country, which are used in technical terms. These activities are 'Reconnaissance and Prospecting' which requires permission from the Government authorities even in this regard, according to the Government Rules under the MMDR Act
When she came home, the father said to her, “You are very old, my son.
The argument has begun.
Therefore, this race will be concluded with the planting of various trees along with the shyieng/tynrai sohpieng.
“I don't believe the claim of those children that they are the same, but when they took the children from the village to the house of Tymmensan Amos Shangpliang, they told me that they were demons. those and later after they came, it was alleged that someone sent those demons," added Tb.
The annual Behdeinkhlam festival of the Sein Raij Chyrmang, which is also the first annual Behdeinkhlam festival, has ended today at Chyrmang.
He also said that a woman who intends to contest the MLA election should not waste her time but if she wants to contest the election she should come forward and show. to the people not only to show in the media but also to show to the people the wishes of the the neighborhood at the right time.
The incident happened within hours of the office blockade and night road blockade of HANM in West Khasi Hills demanding the removal of the DC of the district.
The meeting today decided to allow the MITCRM to send its petitions to the Central Government but to send copies to the ADCs. don in the state.
Those of Bah HHynniewta, E. Bareh, SD Nichols Roy, BB Lyngdoh and HS Lyngdoh have not complained or complained that besides winning the MLA election on APHLC tickets, they have also won the MLA election. MDC election on APHLC ticket.
However, there are parts that have no basis for the designation of any equipment or goods that have such designations according to their nature and manner of use.
Garo organizations working in Khasi Hills have demanded that the State Government should include 80% of the Job Reservation Policy for the Garo people living in Khasi Hills. to the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo by admitting that these Garo people have not received any share in this category since the implementation of the State Reservation Policy in the State.
Out of these 33 candidates, 29 candidates will contest from 6 constituencies in KHADC while 4 candidates will contest from one constituency in JHADC. The final decision has been taken on whom to send to these 7 constituencies after hearing the grounds and promises made by the candidates to the people in these few days during the campaign. their election.
He said to his son, 'I will come and get you,' and he left.
“It is a violation of human rights, we urge the government and the Governor to take all necessary measures to end this injustice by introducing an Administrator rule in the Council,” said Rupert.
The incident occurred two days after thousands of protesters gathered at Phougakchao Ikhai in Bishnupur district on Tuesday to protest against the barricades. soldiers on their intention to go to their homes which they had left behind in Torbung.
For man is born of the spirit.
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Tuesday slammed the government and accused it of trying to cover up the criminals. and blamed the company which built the road for the landslide on the 14th which happened in Rngaiñ and resulted in the loss of two lives.
The news of the loss of the money reached the ears of the church members when it was announced on Tuesday night that Bah Alfast was involved in the theft and this shocked the church members and They didn't want to lodge a complaint against him.
To curb the spread of the disease, they have decided to close the village for 10 days from the 10th of this month. angle.
When asked how much the estimated cost for the construction of the Ri Dohkha site is, Bah Hek said that the estimated cost of the site is based on the land from one place to another and also depends on the land. the size of the River and the size of the area.
The UDP has also ordered a meeting between the Army, the Revenue Department, the Agriculture Department and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to discuss the issue. item.
After the match, the referees and the management decided to call the tie breaker and it was in the tie breaker that Raid Nongpoh beat Shillong Lajong 5-3 goals.
Shillong: Hundreds of commercial vehicle drivers today staged a protest at Malki Square from 1 pm under the leadership of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee of Commercial Vehicles (MJACCV).
After a month, Prem learned that Reema had passed away.
He also urged the government to take action to search for those who smuggle cows from Assam.
He said that in Tripura, there are two areas which are most affected by the disease.
Warjri was speaking at a meeting of the MSGEF held at the Soso Tham Auditorium on Thursday.
Shillong:"First of all, there is a lack of clarity in the call of the All Party Meeting to discuss the issues related to the border settlement of our state by the MDA government. The Congress Party has not received a letter of invitation to the meeting. How can we get information to participate?" asked Congress Leader Ampareen Lyngdoh in a statement.
Shillong: The Dorbar of Raid Chiefs, Mylliem Syiemship, on Tuesday sent a petition to the Secretary of Home Affairs through the MP of Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Ma Vincent Pala, to express the They did not accept the government's decision to allocate 1.77 Sq KM to Assam.
However, he said that all the injured were not seriously injured but had only a few injuries.
When man looks up at the heavens, the moon, the sun, and the stars, he thinks of the greatness and glory of God.
Shillong, Nailur 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday warned that colleges recognized by the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) could be affected if they fail to implement the The National Education Policy (NEP)
The test helps to detect the disease early, it also helps to detect HIV antibodies and antigen, which can appear 15-25 days after infection.
This is the first victory of the U-19 team this season, the day after the senior women's team beat Kashmir in Puducherry.
But the angels who followed Satan did not believe.
Today, at 12 noon, these Bangladeshis, who were hiding in the forest of Pyrtakuna, were spotted and during a search operation, two of them were arrested. Misba Uddin (31) and Badrul Alom (30).
Q. Do people who don't have wealth have Shemphang ?Ans.
However, the Syiem did not do so, and suddenly arrived BJP members including Bah Spasterlin Nongrem, who used to contest as the BJP MLA candidate from the area. , without the participation of the people of the royal office, and a new sordar was elected.
Shillong, November 13: Police in North Garo Hills have recovered the body of abducted policeman Khomraj Bhattarai.
Mohsin Rangrez, a resident of Danilimda, was arrested while he was on his way to meet the woman at a Gurudwara.
“Regarding the MDA Government, especially the NPP, we will continue to work hard and we will go to every village to convince the people and voters to vote. to the NPP".
It is worth mentioning that the morning after Kong Banrikynti entered the homes of people to collect Pan Cards for the verification of EPICs, two of her husband took pictures of her. Social Media is a source of income for the public.
In this regard, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the state government will approach the central government to provide financial assistance for the allocation of land to the land dealers in the city. .
The two-day festival will feature a variety of colorful exhibitions and competitions including the exhibition of different ways of cooking sohphan, the exhibition of the biggest sohphan, the sohphan eating competition and other participations to showcase sohphan.
We believe and pray that God will help us.
However, he expressed his gratitude to the HITO for allowing its actions to speak louder than words and the good deeds of the organization to flourish from time to time.
“Don't you wonder why you need to get permission from these agencies when building houses on your own land? Since when did they become powers over us? We need to re-awaken ourselves and go back to our ancestors," he said.
Rephia Becky Pde came second in the Kalimpong Ultra Marathon 65km held on the 22nd of this month.
" When he began to cut the branches, wow! The speed of his hands.
He urged the volunteers to take care and use the VHS Sets properly so that they can disseminate information in case of any incident.
In a statement, he said that the trees have been destroyed, the tympew fields belonging to the residents of Lapalang, Nongtyngur, Rimassar, Rimai, Nongkyndah, Nongeitniang, Mawlynnong and others have been destroyed. They have been destroyed and this has caused problems to the farmers, where the sohtrun fields have also been destroyed.
The assessment camp was also attended by Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthnes Sohtun, District Social Welfare Officer, Dr Sutnga, Orthopedic Surgeon, Dr. X Marak, ENT and others including those children with disabilities.
“We have given 10 days to the government to appoint a full time DMHO in the district immediately otherwise the union will have to think of something else.
Geetsab and other senior officials involved in the implementation of the Integrated Check Post.
“We cannot identify them yet because they want to recover the bodies first and tomorrow we will complete all the requirements,” said Thamar.
These include EGH: 01, EJH: 02, EKH: 198, NGH: 03, RBD: 28, SGH: 02, SWGH: 02, SWKH: 22, WGH: 69, WJH: 55 and WKH:
Technological advancements have brought about new platforms like DTH, IPTV, OTT and others.
One of the roads that was closed to traffic was from Purakhasi to Ampaati via Salmanpara due to collapse at Mibitpara.
Here, in Meghalaya, this issue has not been explained, the woman has not received a special status, the caste has not been given to the daughter (matrilineal society).
“In Relation to the Laws of Marriage under the Indian Christian Marriage Act and Indian Divorce Act”.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Iawmusiang, E.Shylla, said that besides the village, the village has allowed the vendors including soh, jhur and others to sit in the designated areas. However, there are some market vendors who have taken advantage of the market vendors who have taken advantage of the market. He said that this market vendors have taken advantage of the market. Iawmusiang, as people have had to walk on the highway due to the crowded footpaths, this can lead to injuries and tragic incidents at any time. from being lymbub and shahiuh in cars.
Wapung Block has won the title in the boys and girls category of the Under-12 Football Tournament 2023 held at Khliehriat East Jaintia Hills District.
“If you look at the government that ruled in 2011, they are the same ones who are in power this time,” he said.
To work with women's SHGs in the constituency. To work with youth.
We express our regret that we have been without light every time it rains. We have lost light for months and months but the bill of light has been paid without any problems.
xii.
Defense Minister Amit Shah has promised to meet with Conrad K Sangma after Christmas on the demands of the Meghalaya government and the North East.
“To pave the way and promote this workshop, this workshop will shed light and attract the children,” said Bah Warjri.
Jowai, Naiwieng 29: The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (JSM), HYC, EJNC, CoRP and HANM today visited Jowai to hold a funeral service for three government leaders, Himanta Biswa. Sarma Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K. Sangma Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Home Minister Amit Shah.
“We need to make the health department at par in the country in terms of health care,” said Bah Ronie.
Former Union Minister Arvind Kumar said that Purno A Sangma should be born again in Tura and work for Garo Hills and the country, while Koijam said that Sangma should be born in India. he shall have more inheritance in this great land.
SJ Samartha says, “It is not easy to write about miracles and to convey the message that there are those who are needed in this age of science.
If you have any activities related to education, you must apply for permission from the office of the District School Education Officers/SDSEOs or the office of the Director of School Education. and Literacy (DSEL) which are the offices in charge of schools.
Thank you and Enjoy.
In Meghalaya, the categories of schools are Government Schools, Deficit Schools, Adhoc Schools, SSA Schools, Non-Government Schools, Government Aided Schools and others.
The school received the rice on the 27th of July from a distributor from Mawkyrwat identified as Bah C.Wahlang.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: The Superintendent of Police (SIP) on Tuesday held a program to discuss with the Village Defense Party (VDP) leaders on how to bring peace and stability. within the community in close cooperation with the police department.
If we turn to the neighboring Assam hills, we can see that the Government is struggling to develop some places, such as the Kaziranga Forest in Golaghat, which attracts many tourists. wildlife from all over India and also from other countries of the world.
In shooting, Diveja OM Bali, Mame Allya, Dennyson Kyrsian (Coach) and Toïaibha Mylliempdah (Manager).
He said that we are fortunate that there are still elders in the village who teach the youth to take part in various parts of this dance.
Bah Oral Syngkli, who is about 60 years old, has started to promote this beautiful place. There is no place for the people to play, because at present in Patharkhmah and other neighboring villages there is no place to play or spend time.
“It is sad that many members of the church are involved in the distribution of money during the elections which is an act of displeasure to God,” said the Principal of JRTC. Synod Sepngi, he also spoke on the oppression and discrimination against the youth and the poor in the past three years by the authorities and said that if they do not change their minds they will be judged by God.
By putting local food on the menu, not only are we giving people a taste of something different but supporting local food producers.
“The union has also informed these operators that many of the shopkeepers are foreigners who do not have proper documents which is illegal and this has led the union not to We can only hear that foreigners come to trade and earn money here and destroy the livelihoods and jobs of our fellow citizens”.
Shillong: The body of a missing girl was found by the owner of the missing girl, Shillong, on Tuesday night. They were arrested yesterday at 3 pm on the 2nd of March.
I believe we have heard this saying from time to time, “If the family is strong, the community, the society, the trade is strong.
According to him, the party will field candidates across the state and even in Garo Hills in
“The hostel residents also pay the same bus fare as the students who live outside the campus, they too should get buses to travel to and from the city,” he added.
The District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Khroobok Passah on the 14th held a webinar on the theme 'Freedom Fighters of the Jaintia Hills'
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has imposed a curfew in Shillong from 10 pm to 5 pm tomorrow, 7th October
To promote Chad and attract tourists to this festival.
Nongpoh, Nailur 12: The Lynti Jam Welfare Development Association (LJWDA) has announced that it will resume the Sunfeast Cup 2022 tournament. from 26th November at 2 sports grounds of Jyntru and Mawleiñ Mawkhan in Ri-Bhoi.
He said that KHNAM has not only sent the test to the Pasture Institute but also to the Pollution Control Board but they have not received the report.
The BSF are investigating whether the crematorium was used for cattle trade or for other illegal activities.
At a meeting of the Forest Ministers and relevant authorities held in New Delhi, the Environment Minister said, “The state budget for forests will remain unaffected and The funds will be in addition to the State Budget and it is expected that all States will use this fund for forestry activities in order to achieve the objectives of the Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) to improve the forestry sector. forests and trees, which will add carbon equivalent to 2.5 to 3 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide by
“I am sorry that the police did not even take a call when I asked about the complaint and this has discouraged the residents who come from poor families. even the rights they deserve are poor because they don't have money to talk.
Although the police tried their best to save her, due to the severity of her injuries and physical suffering, she died on the spot.
It is a surprising picture that has never been seen before in the state.
Bah Blah has been an MDC of the Congress party for the past four terms, starting in
“We are ready to introduce the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Village Administration) Bill, 2013 to be passed in this session to curb the infiltration of foreigners,” said the CEM. The union of the disabled today planned to march to the Secretariat, but they could not march because they were blocked by the police.
Rahul said Modi has failed to fulfill his promises to reduce inflation and bring stolen money into the country within 100 days of coming to power.
They have conducted a safety survey for the State Government in the past and recently also conducted some tests for this bridge," Goyal said.
Furthermore, Bah G.Singh Syiemlieh wrote in one of the newspapers about the KHLAW DONKAM BAN TYNGKAI.
He said that it should also clean up the dead fish as the river has been filled with water.
He said other states like Assam and Manipur ruled by the BJP are doing well in development.
The Jews before 1948 were told about only through history but the world did not recognize them before that year.
He said that the holding of such tournaments opens the door for the State to address other needs so that it can bring about different sports tournaments. These changes will also provide opportunities to prepare for the National Games, which will be the venue for Tura.
Speaking to media, Bah Jemino Mawthoh said that recently, the PWD has requested the Post Office at Rnyjah and also the Dorbar Shnong to provide land for the construction of the post office. The road will be constructed for the convenience of the people and vehicles.
The Khasi does not like to eat or drink with the map.
We promise that the MDA under the leadership of the NPP will keep its commitment to implement this border settlement with Assam”.
Some of the elders who maintain and maintain the tree bridges such as Bah Jobenstone Nongkrod from Pynter, Bah Damarseus Rani from Kongthong, Bah Hila War from Laitkynsew explained that the explanations of the experts appointed by the government, they do not match the wisdom and skill of the ancients who have planted wooden bridges for hundreds of years.
Shillong: The Geological Survey of India (GSI) today issued a statement saying that one of its scientists, Bah BR Syngai, has passed away. who is Suptg.
Besides, about 50 skum houses were reportedly destroyed in the incident.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Golden Rani, Assistant Director Border Area Development, said that the program was held in 17 States of the country which share borders with other countries.
Zenith was also sorry that even Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, did not take action on the complaint of the MDC and did not answer the phone when he called again.
Also present at the laying ceremony were Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister and Minister of PWD, Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA. Jirang, NEC officials and other senior officials from various government departments.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has also strongly condemned the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District for listening without responding to the demand of the KSU to remove the KSU. The DC's office has been trying to find a place to set up a military base in Mawkyrwat.
Sying is very helpful in case of colds which occurs immediately during the rainy season and hot tea and sying can quickly relieve these diseases by increasing the blood flow to all parts of the body.
On the other hand, the RBYF through these leaders of Nongpoh Circle, urged the MePDCL department to visit the village and also to replace these electricity posts which have been damaged. These electricity posts, which have been forcibly erected by the people, have become a danger to the people and especially since they are located near the village road and many people walk and stand.
He said that after the discussion, they have met with the Executive Engineer Nongstoin Division to request him to help them to inform the government for the construction of the road from Mawdiang to Langdongdai. , which will connect with the PMGSY road to Malangkona.
Besides the preparations for the installation of electricity in these villages, Pangniang also wants to dig and build a road along the border with Assam for the convenience and benefit of the villagers. to the local population living in the area.
The Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has signed and approved funding for two projects for Meghalaya as part of its support to the North East through road construction projects. known as the North East Road Network Connectivity Improvement Project.
What are the Scheduled Tribes (Plains): (1) Barman of Cachar (2) Boro, BoroKachari (3) Deori (4) Hojai (5) Kachari, Sonawal (6) Lalung (7) Mech (8) Miri (9) Rabha.
He took hold of it and asked again, what is it? The young woman said that it was the Muchurdee (Puri-Dohkha) that he had put on the table and that he had forgotten to call jyntah. he loved her and offered to marry her.
Long Kata long Mr Conrad Sangma This time in the Hon Supreme Court te tough is the tough is going and no bulldozing in court armed with April 13 1951 breach of Constitution by the then governor Times.
Therefore, the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien has agreed and has completed all the rituals in the Mawniam which are still standing but those Mawtheng which have fallen and Mawthung which have fallen have been covered and considered as these stones. The Nonglyngkien Priesthood is still alive in this world.
Shillong, Nailar 14: Seven villages in Balat area have been without foodgrains and petrol for two months.
She expressed her happiness to receive the award and will encourage her to do better.
On the other hand, there are thousands of hectares and kilometers of land buyers in our state.
Before the opening ceremony of the Mega Trade Fair, a short meeting was held by Raj Passah, Secretary of Betterlife SHG Iawmusiang Jowai. BR Marak, Officer Incharge of Jowai Police Station, Eddystone Shylla and others.
Besides the damaged house, several other houses have been affected.
To improve the work of the Mawsor Kur, the Mawsor Kur on Saturday launched its charter in which Bah Jambor War, Executive Member of KHADC in charge of the Elaka Department, said: was the chief guest and launched the charter.
“We have to file an FIR with the police, the police will sign and then go to the Block and from the Block they will appoint the Gramsevak to inspect the damage and take it to the government,” said some of the residents. riew rangbah while talking to this reporter today.
Wanri Pyngrope said that they are the same people whether they are from the countryside or the city, but one thing is the manners to show to others.
Singh was arrested on March 4, 2013 from his residence after a one-day raid and hours of interrogation as part of the investigation into the charges of money laundering. The ED team has demanded that he be remanded in custody for 5 days after his arrest last month.
“As long as there is no other source of livelihood, people will continue to do these things.
" Riia said, "How are you slow...?" “What do you mean Riia?” asked Bahnah. “I mean, let's drink first, if you don't have time...” Riia explained.
The meeting was opened by Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court Dinesh Maheshwari in the presence of Chief Justice Rowell Lyngdoh.
Regarding the garbage dump, he said that Jowai will soon have a proper garbage dump and this will be achieved through the cooperation of the JMB office, Waheh Shnongs, residents, civil society and others. section.
On the fourth day, the festival began with the 'Shain' festival which is a festival to ask the Creator to ward off diseases.
President of the union Kyrchan Rymbai said that the government has taken land since 2013 in Namdong to set up a C&RD Block and the village has donated the land for the benefit of the people.
And he heard that Jesus was passing by Jericho, and he sought to see Jesus who he was.
One thing we must not forget is that we cannot fail to praise Bah Shylla and Bah Banteidor, who took the initiative to hold this meeting and who spoke clearly in front of the market, the Mahajons, the Khar. and in front of the farmers who are the farmers.
‘ASPIRE 2.0’ was launched in October 2022 to empower and nurture the latent skills of young people through values ​​and life preparation skills.
Furthermore, there are also strong candidates of the parties, who, just to defeat others and win themselves, have thrown money to be elected by the people of the parties or Independents.
Although it has won only four MLAs this time, the people have hope in this party.
Shillong, Nailar, 26: The State Government on Thursday informed the public that the fertilizers for use in some parts of the state recognized by the Department of Agriculture will be available only from office of the Meghalaya State Cooperative Marketing and Consumer's Federation Limited (MECOFED).
The awarding ceremony was also held by placing them in a well-equipped truck and the Road Show started at Mawlai Madan, Phudmuri. , who walked the streets of the city along with the Flash Mob.
Indeed, the parties are worried and have identified winnable candidates to win the upcoming elections.
In Group-A on Tuesday, Lapalang SC will play against Krang SC at 1:30 pm, Gorkha Association will play against MLP FT at 3:30 pm and Gorkha Association will play against MLP FT at 3:30 pm. In Group-B, Mawryngkneng SC will play against Nongkseh SC at 5:30 pm.
T.Bn Dr.R.Nongrum, Medical Superintendent gave the welcome speech and special songs were sung by the staff of the Hospital and others.
God will not ask us, “What is your church?”; His will is righteousness, That we may be saved from hell.
It is time for us to talk about this issue without bringing in politics, because politics is the source of conflict.
No one is left without taking part in this political process.
Police have also identified the owner of the vehicle as Nasim Arzoo from Kamrup Assam.
There will be special songs by the NEICE Union, Ribhoi Presbyterian Synod, Mawkhar Church, Mawprem CE Society, Jowai CE Society, Pynthorumkhrah CE Society and others.
Election campaigns have spread in the streets, football grounds, markets, government offices, private offices and shops to express their support.
The second semi-final will be played on the 18th of this month between Umsalait SC and One Soul Utd (Pdengkarong) at 2 pm.
On the other hand, the Minister of State, expressed his satisfaction with the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of this hospital, which has been a long time coming. and especially the Ministry of AYUSH National Ayush Mission, who have helped and taken part in achieving this long-standing dream.
With this victory, Lumsohskie and Lumshnong have qualified for the quarter final which will start tomorrow.
The aim is to demand a special share for the talented youth in the field of dance and song in the state”.
These ambulances are from all over the state as a sign of support for the decision to suspend the work of EMRI 108 staff in the state as a whole.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that a 6-year-old child, who tested positive for Covid-1 Two people have tested positive in contact tracing and two people have tested positive for Covid-19 after attending a wedding ceremony. in Khanapara, Assam.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU NKHD, today met with Raja Brahma, ADC of Ri Bhoi District, as a sign of reminding the government through him, according to a petition filed by the KSU. Since 2015, to demand from the government, to implement a Petroleum Depot, at an Indian Oil site in Umiam Pyllun village.
This support was also because Woh Kiangnongbah was a fighter against the British Government in the years 1860-1862 in Ri Pnar.
The church in Pergamum, and also the church in Thyatira.
Earlier, he also hoisted the flag of the KSU at the venue before the meeting.
The next day, as soon as she reached the market, Niakha, Rida, told Kong Mer, “Dear mother, last night we decided to leave for Khun Kha's house as you suggested.
Regarding this, Bah Molindar Iawphniaw, Rangbah Dong of Spengthawlangmlah, said that these are the residents of Spengthawlangmlah. and demanded that the authorities should punish such people.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The State Commission for the Protection of Children (SCPCR) has directed the Directorate of Health Services (DHS) and the Superintendent of Health Services (DHS) to Civil Hospital Shillong to set up a team or board of doctors to look into the health condition of the detainees as well as the prisoners and to send their findings to the Commission.
Ri Bhoi Police said they arrested the suspect on Friday night.
He said the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma is also working with the Meghalaya government on the shooting death of four people by the Assam police.
Although she lost in the first round, Nitu was able to fight hard and both of them were able to fight hard and win each other.
The Lyngdoh, he spoke with great sorrow, when he saw far away that these things would come and disappear in the course of time.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Minister of State, Bah Titosstarwell, said that the purpose of the meeting was to give advice to the government on the Land Transfer Act in three parts.
“Narendra Modi wants to show the world that he is the father of covid vaccines and the world is asking this question and every Indian is asking the same question. There is only one person who should answer, because he is the only one, the driver of the car,” said Khera.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday decided to join the National People's Party (NPP) on Saturday.
Vasu from Karnataka in the 84 Kg category, Abdul and Yogita from Maharashtra in the 100 Kg and 70 Kg categories won the Pankration team. I won four bronze medals.
The Speaker of the JHADC also congratulated the MDCs especially the EC led by Thombor Shiwat for following up on the Bill so that it will get the seal of the Governor. .
Shillong, Naitung 25: A prisoner identified as Shamol Ali, 2 years old, died at the Civil Hospital, Shillong this morning.
Pynshngain suggested that in fact the EC should have convened the ECs of various District Councils in the North East to meet with the Commission and stand together. “However, unfortunately, nobody has taken care of the life and death of the Council, they have turned to other matters,” he said.
I protected my country, but, now, when I retire, I cannot protect my home, my wife and my fellow villagers as well".
In these days, there has been a lot of discussion and exchange of opinions on the speech of Mohan Baghwat, Head of RSS. in the State of Meghalaya on 25th November,
It is the duty of us young people to come forward and arrest these people who have a hand in threatening and bombing the people.
Last year, the BSF seized 225 kilograms of human blood from the border areas with Bangladesh.
The petition also mentions the attack on two Thangkhul Naga women and the rape of a Manipur child in Munirka on 8th June. from Manipur on the 10th of June.
The union led by President Eddy Kery Pohtam and Dewan Bareh has found 50 byrni of supari near Lakroh River near Lakroh village near Muktapur village.
Police of Lumdiengjri Police Station today seized a Bolero Pik-up used to kidnap Omega from Lumdiengjri Police Station. Mawlaingut with his clothes broken in Nongpathaw forest.
They said that the youth fell into the river while he was going to sleep.
“I want the Bill to become a law but there are some shortcomings and the Executive Committee of JHADC has decided to draft such a Bill,” said Bah Rymbai.
The market residents under the banner of the NIA have met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ and the EM in charge of the market, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh. they.
Who are the Gentiles that God has given to us? Yes, Muslims.
To improve this skill, they have received training in Dakti Craft with the support of the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society for three months and this will increase the income generation opportunities of the residents of the area.
A 41-year-old man has been vaccinated against covid-19 twice, but immediately after being vaccinated, he has tested positive for covid-19.
Hamas claims to have fired 210 rockets at Beersheba and Tel Aviv in response to Israel's invasion of Gaza.
The next morning, when she woke up, she became sad alone.
Russia and its allies will fall on Israel's borders.
At the same time, he said that for now we have to look into what is in the Bill (UCC) and it is only until then that we can say what it is.
In the incident, one of the employees, who was seriously injured, died within a few hours in hospital.
Lajong have moved up to second place with 23 points from 11 games while MLP FT have dropped to third place with 11 points from 12 games.
“On behalf of the Meghalaya People United Front Wapung Unit, we know and confirm through evidence that these garbage came from Jowai and have caused a spread of garbage which could affect the health of the people. MPUF-WU President Kynmaw Phawa said that this is the fault of the Jowai Municipal Board which has not asked permission from the village and the elaka. The Board also demanded that the board should immediately take away these garbage and if they do not do as demanded, the union will take action.
She said that the Congress party is a party that is ready to cooperate with the government, but she made it clear that it cannot be obedient to the lights that the government does not see.
The Minister urged the various groups in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to continue to work with purpose, determination and hard work.
The funeral service will be held on 25.8.2021 at the Laban Presbyterian Church, Lawsohtun.
Prestone informed the JAC leaders that the work orders have been issued and the maintenance of the road will start soon.
The JSM has recruited workers in timber factories, road workers and other types of workers.
In her speech, Patricia Mukhim expressed her gratitude to the journalists who stood together in such an incident to support.
Wear the right clothes and shoes : If your children go to play in areas where there are plants and trees, you need to wear clothes that can protect them from these insects.
Mewada Shylla was named Man of the Match.
Our country India produces very little compared to these countries.
The three villages that received the CLLMP are Weiloi, Thainthynroh and Mawkynrew.
About 40 residents have benefited from this programme.
“Therefore, we requested the BSF, at about 12 pm, who are near the village, who are near the village to come and help the village to arrest these mentuh, but when they reached the house, the BSF, and he spake unto them, saying,
Speeches were delivered by the members of the Seng Kmie including Assistant General Secretary and Vice President Donbok Kharlyngdoh.
And what is more terrible is that this is an infectious disease that can consume like fire the whole world.
However, many of the people in Meghalaya, especially in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, are unhappy if their leaders are in the opposition.
Jonathan Shylla said that the District authorities have fought as hard as they can and have followed up and talked to the NHAI officials and have already sent letters to the NHAI to repair the vehicle. Shylla also sent a letter to the union stating that the district authorities expect the NHAI to do the work as scheduled.
The residents said that even the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, during his visit to the area, had promised to send for the repair of the bridge.
How much more so that he can be blessed.
In this regard, the Parliament of India has passed laws to punish severely anyone who smuggles such goods.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Tuesday rushed to Malidor after receiving information from the villagers that dozens of Assamese have come to quarry stone illegally from the Malidor River. You are bordered by the state of Meghalaya.
Jowai, July 06: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today met with the Minister in charge of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai. They demanded that the state government through the Department of Arts and Culture should improve the District Library and Auditorium Hall in Jowai.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the health department has advised everyone to follow and respect the government's guidelines regarding the smooth running of the quarantine. within the quarantine facilities and should immediately inform the government if anyone feels unwell during the quarantine.
Meghalaya's next match will be against Karnataka on 8th July.
Shillong, Lber : The Wadjingshai SHG Lummawkong has organized a Shramdaan Shivir Program at Lummawkong from the 6th to the 8th of this month in collaboration with NYK (Nehru Yuva Kendra, Sangathan) Shillong.
Sangma said the government's expenditure has doubled from T.9,528 crore in 2017-18 to T.20,729 crore in 2022-23, showing the improvement in governance and the ability to perform tasks.
Together, both the beneficiaries will receive up to 10,000 thousand tyngka.
Only the lack of commercial drivers means that others will have to suffer in traffic.
After this, the people from Assam also stood up on their own land and stopped beating the police.
“My dear, I came to Maya's house yesterday.
He said that the Dorbar Shnongs are the pillars to protect the Jaidbynriew and without the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs the Jaidbynriew will not be able to survive.
At the time of the reporter 's visit , the child 's parents were not at home , but only his brother was present , this child can support school on his own.
On the other hand, the Member Secretary said that the results have been delayed due to the Roster System of the State Government, but even so, the two organizations have suggested to the Committee to expedite the results. You are not over age.
After approval by the EC, the application will be sent to the Block and the Block will accept the proposals or may reject them if they do not agree.
The Medical Superintendent, in his speech, urged all those who come to the hospital to know that this is their own hospital.
Otherwise, there will be a struggle that will bring unpleasantness to the whole of India.
Syiemiong was elected as an MLA from Nongspung constituency three times after the birth of Meghalaya.
Now we have a closer dialogue with the central government,” James said.
Therefore, the Testament was valid when Jesus died on the cross, because when was it valid while the one who made it was alive? And even the first covenant was not inaugurated without blood, and without shedding of blood there is no forgiveness" Hebrews 9:15-2
Speech was delivered by Ma C. Najiar President of the Seiñ, Thanksgiving by Dauruhiwaot Lamare, Riquoma Rq Laloo, EC Member and distribution of prizes to the winners. in various competitions organized by the Seng since the past few days.
The BJP has intensified its public campaign in the state to win the votes of the people and on 21st June it held two rallies at Gorkha Patshala and Golflink.
The disease was spread by animals to humans.
Two persons were injured in the blaze and the injured were taken to hospital.
On Tuesday, Aboh and his son were shot dead by NSCN militants in Tirap district of Arunachal Pradesh.
I am sure that we all remember that the Government has allocated Rs 2 crore for the film Rock On II. We the people, we need to know and count the benefits for us the youth when we award the companies that come here to our state.
Until now, there is a severe shortage of oxygen in various hospitals in the country.
Due to the heavy rains in the past few days, Meghalaya has suffered heavy losses, many bridges and buildings have been destroyed, and due to the earthquake has damaged roads in need of repair in the state including NH highways, roads connecting one district to another as well as village roads.
“Ka seng suspects that there is also a letter from the Commissioner of Health Services of the State Government directing the Deputy Commissioners who are also the Chairman of the District AYUSH Societies to take the necessary action. “The Notification or Circular has not been issued to clarify how many posts have been ordered to be made public,” said the union.
Earlier, BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra had been admitted to Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon for treatment and died yesterday.
He studied Hindu books such as the Ramayana, the Upanishads, the Mahabratha and the Bhagavad Gita.
Of these, 10,94,947 are males, 11,22,150 are females and 3 are Third Gender.
Rajiv Kumar said the Commission will ensure that the counting of votes will be conducted in a fair manner and will take strong action against misleading information.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The Indian National Congress (INC) today issued a statement, according to Dear Rupang News, which said that the Congress party has accused U Narendra Modi, in his speech during the election campaign in UP, said that he will remove politicians involved in various crimes.
When asked whether he would advise these parties to leave the government, Tynsong said, “I don't want to say anything on this, but this is my answer. over their speech".
Shillong: The PDF on Saturday announced its candidate for the Mawphlang constituency at a meeting held at Mawngap Market.
This victory will not only raise the profile of Meghalaya in the field of sports but will also strengthen our belief that we have truly talented football players in the state,” he said. MFA President Hamletson Dohling.
When the service was held at 10:30 pm in the heat of the sun, there was no disturbance as the people were sitting under a tree which is a comfortable place.
This shop “Saw Aiom Restaurant” is located in the area.
One of these measures that the government has taken is the launch of a Mobile App called ASHA First for the easy payment of all ASHAs in the state.
the land of Canaan..."(Exodus 3)What is Exodus? Bible scholars say that one is the deliverance of the Hebrew slaves from Egypt and the passage through the Red Sea.
All 2 types of questions should be mixed for all 4 subjects and students should choose or answer only 12 questions from each of these questions.
Bah Sunn also attached letters and documents to prove the monitoring of the Hima Nongspung.
The Dorbar has decided to follow up on the issues raised by the special rituals of the Jotkiri religious leader and has also elected Shitang Rymbai as the interim ruler of the Elaka. u Doloi who is full.
In my opinion, the best way to prevent the second wave of the disease from returning is for the government to take action as it has done these days even when the disease is no longer present. in addition to the cooperation of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, the CEM congratulated the management of the school for celebrating its 50th anniversary and wished the school to continue to improve education in the area.
Months of treatment is not only a struggle to recover, but also a struggle to overcome the difficulties caused by cancer treatment.
Similarly, in Civics, students have to study up to 7 subjects to get 17 marks while in Economics, students have to study only 4 subjects to get 17 marks.
Mainbor Khyriem (Referee/Official) and Nick Nonglyer (Referee).
The landslide on this road has put the residents of this area in great difficulty in coming and going.
He said that he has built this health center to provide better services to the people to make it easier for them to walk around.
All of us have been degraded and degraded by the scientific methods of the leaders who look at us with contempt and degrade us as a dark nation.
From the vehicle of these two persons, the security forces seized 13 pieces of gold.
The Minister of Rural Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that he, as the Minister, has already done his duty in relation to the opening of the Mawlai C&RD Block. It is up to the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to do whatever is necessary.
“He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not.
Therefore, the Seng urges the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam to be vigilant in these few days because after this 8.01.2019, even if there will be no protest The NESO urges the NESO to wait for the decision of the NESO which joins the KSU when it announces more strong protests. .
The MPFWPO has also warned against the spread of plastic, nut, soil and other debris affecting the water of the river from Riaturiem, Jowai by pass Mihmyntdu and Khliehtyrchi and from the road from Myntdu Bridge to The Importance of Saline Colony.
Confirming this, the Minister of State for Education said that the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) is one of the provisions of the National Education Policy which is currently being implemented in the country.
The District Administration of East Khasi Hills and Ribhoi District has already issued an order to declare a public holiday on 15th June.
Rev CL Laloo, while distributing the Word of God, based on the Word of God from Genesis chapter 28 verse 17 and from the second book of Chronicles verses 15 and 16, urged the members of the Star Christian Fellowship to be righteous in worship, to be on time to perform worship duties, to do their duties properly and well and to do their duties on time, when In general, he urged all Christians and those of other religions to love and respect each other.
Dear Rahul Gandhi, It's time for you to leave India for your Unyay Yatra!.
Sain gave birth to only Pdah and died of illness.
The seized cows and vehicles were handed over to the Umkiang Police Station for further investigation.
It is because of the actions of the Congress leaders that the powerful Assam has been invading Meghalaya for a long time.
The participation of women in this meeting will be remembered in the history of the Dorbar Shnong Lumshat which has received a new name as the Dorbar Shnong Lumshat on Kench's Trace.
Similarly, Jasprit Bumrah, who played his last Test in November 2022, has now been dropped by two places to eighth position.
According to the KSU leader, the government may convene another meeting with the political parties before the Budget Session this year to discuss the laws related to how to curb the entry and exit of mynder including the Benami and Transaction Act. , the Residential Act and others.
When asked why he wants to contest the election as a former Indian Forest Service (IFS), Bah Kharshiing said it is unnecessary to sit and complain about the decline in the value of forest governance in the country. corruption.
Banri Myrthong, Headmistress of the school, expressed her gratitude to the YWCA, Shillong for taking part in this special programme.
I would like to tell you that if you say that we have become Christians we will not obey or cooperate with the Government is very wrong. government and many others who don't know what the government is doing why do you accept that when you have become a Christian and can't work with the government anymore? When the Pharisees asked Jesus whether it was lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not, Jesus answered: “Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's” (Matthew 22:15). the laws of the government and the laws of God as we offer sacrifices to the work of God and pay taxes to the Government.
What has been shown in the media and photographs shows that there has been an excessive violation of the law,” said Chief Justice DY Chandrachud.
“It is through the initiative of the MLA of the area Bah Sanbor Shullai who is also the Minister of State that we have finally got the permission to build these development works in the village,” said Bipin Pradhan who is also the General. Speaking at the opening ceremony, Secretary Shillong Cantonment Development Council, Bah Sanbor, said that these projects have been implemented in the village.
Law enforcement agencies have taken the body of the Nepali for further investigation.
On the other hand, he said that the Sain Pyrkhat will be considered in the coming days, although he said that the opinion of many is that Bah Sun will contest as a candidate. individual.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : U Minister in charge of PHE and MLA Mawkyrwat, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, on Tuesday said that his intention to leave the HSPDP is because he wants to strengthen only one party. The United Democratic Party (UDP) is the oldest and strongest ethnic party in the state.
It cannot be said that there are animals or human beings living there, as there are on this Earth but the human mind does not rest.
To improve education in the rural areas, he said the government has set up one Science and Commerce College in Mawphlang and another in Mahendraganj.
This means that the students have to stay at home, cook and read.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of various competitions including song, dance, quiz, table tennis, carrom, football and other sports. In which the prizes were awarded to the youth.
The Government should look into this issue and not just appoint teachers in the schools it supports.
There are nine recoveries, eight from East Khasi Hills and one from Ribhoi District.
Therefore, I have decided to adopt a zero-tolerance policy for corruption.
