Therefore, you should not breathe or reduce your breathing.
The teams were divided into five groups with Chattisgarh in Group-B. Meghalaya in Group-F with Rajasthan, Mizoram and Meghalaya. Maharashtra.
At the same time, the union urges the state government to allow the transportation of all the coal which they have already purchased and unloaded in their coal depots until 31st July
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The National General Secretary of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Abhishek Banerjee on Tuesday said that the AITC will defeat the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Tripura and its ally the National People's Party (NPP). NPP) in Meghalaya in the coming year.
JR Mawlong said that on this issue, the village leaders have met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to take action on this issue and to stop the plan of the army. Through letters from the sordar and also from the owner of the land who promised not to sell the land to the army and withdrew their NOC, in which they admitted that the DC also According to Bah Mawlong, they have received information that the NOC issued by the Sordar has reached the Head Quarter of the BSF. the land promised to return within a week.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has strongly condemned the MDA government for not looking after the development of East Jaintia Hills district which has been one of the districts for almost 10 years since the division of the state. from Jaintia Hills District in
We cannot blame the American for not following the world as weak or half-hearted.
Thousands of people from Umroi area attended the meeting which was held at Umroi Jaiaw Pdeng Square. The Governor, in order to continue to implement schemes that benefit the people, especially the MGNREGS scheme, which is one of the schemes not only that has transformed the villages, but it is one of the schemes that provides employment to the local people.
On X, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Karnataka said that during the meeting, they discussed many issues affecting the region as well as other areas affecting the world.
This revelation of the women has caused many to think and wonder.
The angel of the Lord announced, “For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.
Shillong, 4 Iaiong: Today, 4th June, 2017, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is also the MLA of the constituency, visited several villages in the constituency which have been affected by the floods. Pahamsyiem, Pahamlapong, Nongpoh, Mawdiangum villages which have been destroyed by more than 500 houses, he visited at 10:30 pm and later. He also visited Umtham, Sarikhushi and Borgang villages where more than 300 houses have been damaged.
“It is the duty of everyone to maintain and preserve the water wells in different villages of Ri Khasi”.
The Ram Mandir in Nongpoh has been celebrating the puja since 1944 and was built in 1927 and this year it is the 80th anniversary of the puja. This year, the Puja Committee has erected a statue of Chandrayan-3 which has a message of encouragement to the youth of the district and the state as a whole.
The chiefs also sought clarification from the minister on the order of the High Court in which he explained that it is not the ban on collecting musur, but only the land, that the gates should not be on the road.
On the other hand, the organizers of the tournament have urged all those who came to take part in the tournament to arrive at the stadium on time, so that all the games can be completed on time.
Bah Titos also defended Bah Rymbui by saying that his inability to take a decision immediately is because he is not in charge of the finance department.
In fact, Sanbor had planned to meet the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma but was informed by the Chief Minister's office that he was not in Shillong and was in Delhi.
Start with the smallest things to show that spirit of unity before moving on to the bigger and more difficult things.
Candidates are prohibited from serving food or any alcoholic beverages to the public during the election campaign.
“It took me six years to publish this book,” said Dr Lamare and added that he will publish it in Khasi as he is currently publishing in English.
MMC sources said that 167 journalists have been tested positive and 53 of them have tested positive. journalists, cameramen of news channels and photographers.
Because they take from the seed of their father, and they don't have the blood of their mother as in taking from the mother's lineage.
“We have already lodged a complaint in November before Christmas and Ksahari has accepted our complaint,” said Bah Pyngrope.
Tim Shieff, 32, is one of England's fastest runners.
To maintain peace and order in the village, vehicles are prohibited from parking in dark places especially at night which intimidates women and children and causes pollution to the village.
“If a person could become a leader just because he loves someone, there would have been many Virat Kohli or Amitabh Bachchan.
Miss Delinia Passi, in her speech, said that as the Head Teacher, she would like to thank the HYC for recognizing these three SSLC toppers from her school through the Tur Shaphrang Educational Award.
Lieutenant General DS Ahuja, General Commanding 101 Area, who praised the AMDA and its members, who teach to love and respect their country, congratulated all the AMDA members. The National Security Forces who have worked hard to protect the border of the country and also the Police Department who have worked hard to curb the growing crime in the country.
Thus, in Archbishop Dominic Jala, one can see the teaching skills, the timeliness and the understanding of people especially the youth which he received from his father; the maturity and the main that enriched him which he received from his mother.
He said that in the first phase, the road will be dug first, then the stone will be cleaned and finally the road will be cleaned.
Ma Edystone Shylla said that the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of the district was successful and the reply they received was that the JMB will start collecting the garbage from Jowai from tomorrow 30th October.
The CM said that this program is important to recognize their work and support them, and it is also a message that the government is with them so that they can agriculture and income can be promoted.
On the other hand, these leaders besides talking on many issues of the party, they also urged these leaders to continue to work hard to strengthen the party so that the party can achieve their goals. The party has the goal of bringing forward policies that protect the country and the people.
They shall not be partial or partial.
Speaking to media, Prestone said, “At the meeting this evening, the state government has decided not to allow the celebration of Christmas as usual every year. because of the Covid-19 pandemic.
In Shillong, the protest was held in front of the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah at Barik organized by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU).
In this regard, the union requests the Mission Director of NHM to immediately open these two health centers for the people of the area.
Thubru said that the union has already written to the government to implement the decision issued on 10/8/2019 that the price of baikit will be T.0.70 per quintal. tone will cost T.1400 to Byrnihat.
Arunachal Pradesh Police on Tuesday recovered the body of a policeman who went missing from his duty hours.
He said the Council has already sent the DPR to the NDFB on these markets.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh as the chief guest expressed her gratitude to continue to hold Winter Tales in the state to showcase to the world the richness of traditional cultures, skills and traditions. Young people in the field of music, singing, dancing and food and drink.
He said that for the cooperation of the peacekeeping forces in Manipur, an Inter-Agency Unified Command will be set up under the headship of Security Advisor Kuldeep Singh.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Baridua District today suspended the allocation of land by the Syiem of Raid Marwet for a foreigner, the land belonging to Kong Ailad Lating.
He said that most of the time the army has set up checkpoints and restricted the movement of the residents.
The audition was conducted by SD Shylla, District Tourism Officer, West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of Bah Kmenlang Shylla and the office bearers of NPYF 1- Nartiang Constituency. .
The last rites for the deceased policeman will be held in Delhi.
After a thorough investigation, the scientists say they have discovered a new disease called INFLUX.
Jansing Tynsong MDC Pynursla has been appointed as the Minister of Building and Information and Technology, Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew has been appointed as the Minister of Labour, Sports and Youth Affairs and Donevan Kharwanlang has been appointed as the Ministry of Land and Mining. and Minerals.
He said that the participation of the students at this District Level shows that they are brave and have the spirit of competition.
The Khasi thought on the relationship between man and God, in short, can be said to have been expressed through this dance.
“Nine of these women are from Mizoram and used to live in a refugee camp in Kanchanpur in eastern Tripura.
The deceased were identified as Thal Shadap, 48, Shirup Sumer, 45, Sip Talang, 54, Tal Nartiang and Si Dhar. The bloodshed in Langpih in 2010, when four men were shot dead by the Assam Police.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the HYC Seng Kmie, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the suspension of these patients has caused a lot of trouble, especially for those who have worked for 10 years. -14 years.
Shillong: After the State Government has imposed a curfew, the clothes vendors have not been able to sell their goods once again after the State Government has imposed a curfew for about two months. The State Government has allowed these clothes vendors to sell clothes in the places where they used to live in Iewduh and Bhutia Market.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, GD Kharwanlang, while talking to reporters, said that the police are still conducting investigation into the incident. don't know why the man was kidnapped and where he is.
He also praised Bah Hamlet who besides working hard for the constituency has also made a lot of contribution for the state especially on issues affecting his constituency.
The meeting, Sur Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, will start from Mawlai Kynton Massar at 6 pm and will be held later on the same day.
Although he had never played cricket before, his coach encouraged him to take wickets because he saw that he had talent and from then on he became a full-time wicketkeeper for the Commando Cricket Club (1995–1998). ).
On the other hand, the Sirdar invites the residents of the Elaka who have lived all over the Ri Khasi Jaintia to attend this celebration.
More than 75% of the funds are owned by individuals/companies and self-employed individuals.
He said that the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has played a major role in this phase or even the second phase for Block-I & II and Khanduli-Psiar.
The paradoh para-snam have been separated from other ethnic groups since the Khadar rule came from the French, followed by the Dkhars.
Police should also be deployed to Langpih and other violent areas of Assam.
He said that the EKHLTWA has made it clear to the DC that the drivers of commercial vehicles will also file an affidavit to the court against this order.
To save money, MePDCL has to increase electricity tariffs.
Israel claims to have captured a camp of 30 militants, including Palestinian troops and ammunition, but exact information has not been released. , from this hiar thma.
Until now, there has been only an agreement between the school and the supplier to return the bad rice and provide a new one.
The issue was brought up at a meeting held by the group under the chairmanship of Bah John F Kharshiing where all the three district councils of KHADC, JHADC and GHADC were invited to attend.
Earlier, while raising the issue, TW Chyne said that the KHADC has felt the need to take a resolution to demand from the Central Government to release the Citizenship Amendment Bill from Meghalaya. Hindus, Sikhs, Parsis, Buddhists, Jains and Christians from Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan before 2014 will be threatened by the Citizenship Act.
The book was launched by Prof. Caroline R. Marak, President of ALS. In her speech, the President recalled Aristotle's view of the value of literature in comparison with other books. you don't learn history.
Nongstoiñ Youth Calisthenic President Aiborlang Marshillong said that one of their members has been selected and it is an honor for the NYC. .
The signboard was banned on the order of the government and the company to pay land fees to the people whose land and farmland have been affected even after the company NBCC which implemented the signboard has shiah. go chess to work.
Assam will elect 126 members of the State Legislative Assembly in three phases from 27th October
(It's just that we Nongmukroh have experienced and we tell the truth as we see it,” said the Mukroh farmers.
Speaking at the meeting, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui expressed his special gratitude to Bah Pius Marweiñ MLA/MDC Ranikor Constituency for his hard work. Ranikor Constituency and not only in villages like Nonghyllam but in other villages under his jurisdiction.
The State of Meghalaya consists of two regions, East Meghalaya which includes Bri Hynniewtrep and West Meghalaya or Achik.
In this regard, the CEM of JHADC called for the cooperation of all the Members, employees to support the Executive Committee in the past four years. The Council has been able to conduct the activities of the Council for the benefit of the people of Jaintia Hills as a whole.
But until now the fish shortage is very severe".
This was announced by the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh while talking to media after the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting of the party on Tuesday.
They are parents to their children.
Shillong, July 20 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong today informed that he may convene a meeting of the Regional Committee of Ri-Bhoi District this month to discuss the you have not settled the border.
In this regard, he urged them to comply with the land prepared by the government and not to explain or set rules.
It may be recalled that the VPP from the beginning has not opposed the Roster System, but only demands to amend the Reservation Policy. .
It is also clear that Article 16(4) provides for representation in government services according to population.
Therefore, don't worry that the sword of the country cannot be born every year because it is born only in one generation and it is difficult to find that sword of the country who truly loves the country. and the nation because this age is an age of selfishness.
He made Adam and his wife, Eve, from one of his ribs.
The hearing is on the basis of the complaint filed by Bah Johnson Lyngdoh against the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, issued on 25th July 2023 and the notice, dated 28th July regarding the postponement and announcement of another date for the election of Sordar Raid Shabong.
He said that this will help those coal owners who are entitled to it and will also prevent the smugglers from smuggling coal with stolen challans, as at present the sale of challans is higher than the goods. NGT said,” said Saleng.
In the women's category, Happiness Phawa came first in 46 minutes 26 seconds, followed by Monlangki Kyndait in 50 minutes 27 seconds and Mini Kyndait in 54 minutes 36 seconds.
Alleging that the police took Victoria to the police station in the evening and alleged that she had a headache and did not take her for examination. doctors.
I also urge the Khasi-Jaintia MLAs to forget about their own position and interests, but to unite and fight to find a way until we can bring about justice for the Khasi-Jaintia people. you are a human being.
The price of diesel is T.75.48 per liter in Bengaluru, T.76.94 per liter in Kolkata, T.79.40 per liter in Chennai and T.75.22 per liter in Lucknow.
In the second leg of the semi final on Thursday, City beat last season's champions 4-0 to take a 5-1 lead through Pep Guardiola's team lost to Madrid 12 months ago.
Under his leadership, an IED bomb making device was also seized from his house, which was extinguished in the presence of witnesses.
From these incidents, it is clear that if you have T.1 lakh or T.10 lakh, but you can no longer withdraw as you wish, but the Government of India, through the RBI, will start issuing rules while the death or loss or theft or loss of property of any Bank shall be borne jointly by the depositors.
The Waheh Shnong of Moorap, Stanly Ryngkhlem, has demanded that the law enforcement agencies should impose life imprisonment and hang Meban Talang and Jimmy Kyndait.
Shillong, July 17: The Lok Janti Shakti Party (LJP) Meghalaya has written a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi demanding that he pay compensation of T.5 lakh to the relatives of those who died in the floods. The accident in Sunapur has demanded T.2 lakh to be paid to the injured who are still undergoing treatment.
The players did well in lawn bowls and athletics.
“After several months of the MDA government's inauguration, Shillong is full of protests and it was created after a strong protest in the Punjabi Lane known as Sweepers Lane.
The Dorbar Chnong has immediately informed the Saitsama Police Outpost to take the body and take the necessary action.
The tournament was opened by Bah Bawan Khyriem President of Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club on 21st March 2023 as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Nangsan Pakyntein, Rangbah Shnong, Dorbar Shnong Lumsohphoh, office bearers. sports club and members of the organization.
As Rev Munther Isaac, Pastor of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bethlehem, said, “This is our Christmas this year, in which we see Jesus among our friends, fellow villagers who have lost their lives. material things in life and Jesus is among those who are buried in stones, mud in the collapse of houses.
Wahiajer SC said the prize money is T.3 lakh, the winner will receive T.2 lakh and the runner-up T.1 lakh including trophies.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly passed the Meghalaya Lokayukta Bill in October 2014 and later in April, adopted the rules for the appointment of members and chairman.
He said that the government has decided that the project should be completed anyway and by taking action it has been able to complete the project.
The DGP stressed the need for cooperation from all sides to arrest drug traffickers in the state.
Khliehriat, March 2: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the District Mission Coordinator, SSA today donated school supplies to the school children. The District Mineral Foundation Trust (DMFT) has funded the donation to 413 children studying in schools and also to 28 Non-Resident Special Training Centres.
Andy scored in the 25th, 64th and 68th minutes, while the top two goals were scored by Banehskhem Khongsdam (75', 90'+4).
“In European countries, the richest people are farmers and this encourages us Meghalayans that farmers are the source of income for the state. ours and the rest of the world and we need to spend more time and increase the budget allocation in the agriculture sector".
Speaking to media, the Minister said, “The department has already sent a proposal worth Rs 4 crore to the Finance Department of the State Government for the start of construction of the Health Centre. .
On the other hand, the union has learned that there are other projects that the fisheries department has implemented in other areas and the union will follow up on this.
They immediately went out to look and saw that the bike was still on fire. They immediately informed the police who came to see the bike. I don't have a enemy.
Therefore, these too, as it appears, will continue to ther beit because it has been seen that since the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) has not come into force, only the portraits of their leaders have been placed on the wells, flexes and so on. .
When asked who else can come to buy blang, Dr Firmly said that only the raids and villages that have been done in the past can come to buy blang but the children of thousands of raid departments can all participate. together with their raid in this ceremony by giving together the contribution of the bynhei for the purchase of goats to give to the Syiem u Kmie.
According to the 2011 census, the number of farmers has decreased from 17.7 percent in 2001 to 16.7 percent in
Lapang, Ampareen Lyngdoh, HM Shangpliang, Mayral Born Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, RM Kurbah, DC of the district, AL Mawlong, Director of Fisheries, Bah.
Police conducted a raid today after receiving a tip that Dey was at Sasatgre near Kherapara.
They said that on receiving this information, they have conducted information gathering and started search operations but they have not been able to find the woman or the robbers who were involved in the abduction.
The Jews were people who worshiped only in the temple and not outside the temple in Jerusalem.
The event was attended by the Dolloi of Jowai District, Waheh Puramon Kynjin, Waheh Myown Chyrmang, Waheh Wasian of Raij Jowai, Waheh Myown Chyrmang, Waheh Wasian of Raij Jowai. Hercules Toi, President and Leaders.
Rejecting the government's claim that the ILP has hindered the development of the country, Bah Ardent said that this is a statement to mislead the people, as the ILP does not affect the development of the country. that par.
The investigation team has revealed that there were doubts regarding his ownership of the land owned by Watali's company M/s Trison Farms and Constructions Pvt.
On the other hand, the union has urged the DC's office to take action against the Air Force.
The fear of women and children of the drug addict affects the society.
According to information, Prestone is one of those who revived Dr Mukul Sangma as happened in 2010 when there was a protest by the Congress MLAs to overthrow Dr Mukul Sangma but they failed because of the trust of Sonia Gandhi. Gandhi and Dr Mukul.
Shillong: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) has been on strike for its ninth day but the government has not called for any talks or sent any message to them.
Ma SS Niangti, General Secretary KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit was also present on the occasion.
The Principal Secretary of MBOSE, Bah DP Wahlang on Tuesday night wrote to the Executive Chairman of MBOSE, MHK Marak, to find a way how to resume the remaining examinations. DP Wahlang said that there have been many suggestions that the remaining examinations will be held again from 20th July and should be completed within 4 days.
Prof Umesh also suggested that NEHU should have a separate department to investigate the packages of the state and the states of the North East so that they can be recognized not only as packages of the region or the state but It is also a part of the country's National History.
There is no obstacle or opposition to their visit to this road and they have the rights as citizens of India, but what is sad is the reckless driving of scooties or vehicles. Bike which has caused a lot of danger to them and even to the public because of the driving of scooty and bikes can only be understood the sound of the scooty and bike which does not fit that way of driving.
The awards were presented by the chief guest, Mr RV Warjri, along with Mr N Munish Singh, Zonal Director, Raj Bhavan Shillong and Mr Raphael Warjri. , Chief Creative Director, Riti Academy of Visual Arts.
The Seng appreciates and appreciates the responsibility and promptness of the MeECL department to inspect and take the necessary action.
The population of Meghalaya is large.
On the same day, another civil society organization from Ri-Bhoi District, CORP, Eastern Zone, today shut down the office of the Central Government Department. Station (NBPGR), located at Umiam, ICAR. The union and the Casual Labor employees of the department have demanded the promotion of the employees who have served in the ICAR. For decades, the department has not responded to this demand.
Hamles Kurbah (22) is the driver of a truck who escaped from the hands of the people in a recent incident in Mawiong while nine of his friends were arrested.
Lydia followed Hep and they went together.
The DTO office is the department that registers vehicles, issues permits, licenses drivers and other vehicle requirements.
There are those who love and respect nature, while there are those who do not love and respect it.
This is something that is possible.
Besides, the road which has been dug and is in poor condition is about 10 kilometers from the Syllang Bridge in front and small vehicles have found it very difficult to pass.
In fact, out of these 15 species, 12 species were planted in shyrti cultivation areas, which shows the diversity of cultivation methods.
The Seng also said that these rules do not affect the coal buyers and miners in East Jaintia Hills District.
The donation was handed over under the leadership of Chief Advisor Ma Kerlang Ksoo in the presence of Vice Chairman Ma Deibormi A Syad, Assistant General Secretary Ma Streamly Nongjop Suchen and others.
The number of cases has risen to 230 in the past 24 hours, while 1,120 people are still undergoing treatment and 101 people have recovered or been discharged.
According to this calculation, the price for 106 stations will increase by 100%, an increase of 50 to 100% for 81 stations, and an increase of no more than 50% for 65 stations. who have information about the number of listeners.
“The first installment will be paid in July this year and the amount due to the government will be Rs 1191.615 lakh, the second installment in November this year will be Rs 1191.615 lakh and the third installment. In July 2024, Rs 1191.615 lakh will be released and the fourth installment in November 2024 will be T.1191.615 lakh,” he said.
According to the Organizing Secretary, Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej, the delay in the summons was due to the fact that they had to wait for the police to investigate.
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap in West Jaintia Hills District has re-planted the trees damaged by the Karbi on Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor, Lapangap.
It is interesting to see that in every MLA election, the manifestos of the political parties are filled with the issue of taking action to resolve the border issue, but at the end of the election, even those in power forget. that's how it's taken decades now.
Senior Treatment Supervisor Bah Wanrap Kharumnuid spoke and explained to the students how to protect and take care of themselves to avoid this disease.
"I don't know if Rupang is a politician.
According to the information received from all over Mawshynrut Constituency, the voice of the voters is only for the two parties, the HSPDP and the NPP. When interviewed by the supporters of these two parties, he said that in terms of knowledge and understanding, the HSPDP candidate is well qualified but the NPP candidate is not. He was rich in wealth, but in knowledge he was still poor, said the elders from all over the country.
The TIP found that the performance of these children is in line with international standards.
I don't admit that they are stupid.
The government's reluctance to discuss the reservation policy has angered the VPP leader and the party as a whole who has demanded to review the reservation policy of the state.
Death:- This is the second step that man must take.
Slander, slanderous talk about the truth makes the important and necessary work of the state useless, because once the journalists are deceived, the people are also deceived.
Shillong: U Neil Nongkynrih, one of the greatest musicians of the state, has passed away today while undergoing treatment in Mumbai.
It is worth mentioning that many sports such as sïat khnam, iakura and running are more popular among the children from the Khasi-Jaintia Hills because they have a place to exercise.
He said the party will also fight for the rights of the workers to get according to their needs, which is enough to provide for their families.
At the same time, she urged all groups in Manipur to work for peace.
On the other hand, the residents of this village, said that they do not know whether these elephants are the same ones that came down last month, and they said that after these elephants came down in the village, the department Wildlife Department has prepared a camp to protect the people and on behalf of various organizations, they have requested the leaders of this area to provide assistance to this village especially to those families who have been affected by the floods. their houses, for they had to remain in darkness.
He said that the village authority has not only informed the MeECL authorities about the danger of the transformer, but the village authority has already issued a written notice. There was no attempt to install the transformer so that it would not pose a threat to the village.
Speaking to reporters, Zenith said that the introduction of the Internet has affected the students of the state and it is also a sign that the government is trying to violate the right of the people to speak and communicate.
The project was completed at a cost of T.36.55 crore on 30th July
In addition, the relevant authorities should immediately send the 'C' Form and 'S' Form to the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District regarding the visit, stay and foreign education.
“Although we have sympathy for the people of Manipur, in this war they are facing, we cannot accept that Meghalaya will become a place of foreigners because it will affect the state. “We have sent this letter to the President of the country to prevent the arrival of foreigners who will affect the ethnic groups in the state,” said the statement.
These legislators have the responsibility to pass laws that will improve our lives and develop the state in many areas.
Therefore, I am confident that in the coming years, the Government of India has a plan to hold the Khelo India and Shillong is also preparing and hoping that South West Khasi Hills District will become one of the Khelo India Games. venue for the Indian Team.
Since the installation of these garbage dumps, it has caused a lot of trouble even if they don't have shops.
“What happened to Ganesh Das in this case is not an incident that is treated only by this mother, but it is an incident that is treated equally.
Many students from young to old have taken their studies seriously.
Shillong: The old Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Girls' Higher Secondary School (KHHS) at Mission Compound, Shillong has collapsed on Tuesday morning.
Many of the Alumni who attended the Alumni Meet 2023 include those who have been prominent in the fields of government, private sector, military, education, banking, agriculture and entrepreneurship. straight.
“Therefore, the Association urges the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs to ensure that such attempts to intimidate Christians should be stopped immediately but safeguards should be provided.
“To rescue these people from the coal mine in Umpleng, the state government has already requested the Defense Ministry to send assistance to the Navy,” he said.
“If one person takes a decision alone to do anything he wants, it is not our problem, and on our part, 5 people MLAs, we are free MLAs to do whatever is necessary and beneficial for the constituency and the state as a whole”.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the Central and State Governments are ready to hold peace talks with the top leaders of the Seng Hynniewtrep. The National Liberation Council (HNLC) is outside the state.
During the CBSE evaluation, the teachers said that the answer scripts had arrived in Delhi.
How many kinds of ksiang are there? Bad in what way?1
Speaking to reporters, the Minister and Spokesperson of the Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that due to the demand for physical strength, the minimum age has been set for itself and also the maximum age. duh in the appointment in these four departments.
At that time, a one hundred year old will still be a young boy or a young man.
The judge, through Najmi Waziri, who took the case, said that the price of these items should not exceed T.400 each.
Breson Paul Ranee, of Christ King College , at Mother General ka seng riewniam Visitation Sisters Of Don Bosco (VSDB) at Sr.
The 10k Olympic Day Run organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Day Run (MSOA) will be held on Saturday morning at 6 pm at the Polo Ground.
The Seng also urges the schools in the state not to accept textbooks without reading and checking them carefully before including them in the syllabus of the students, said a statement from Samla Enlang Sawian Assistance. Shillong: The Nissan Baby League 2019-20 is the organizer of the Nissan Baby League.
The tourism department is promoting Buddhist sites in various states like Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh.
The misconceptions of some people about the effects of EMF Radiation should not erase the truth that emerges through scientific research.
Prestone said that so far about 30 percent of the ration cards have been linked to Aadhar.
It is to be recalled that the election of the Waheh Shnong has reached the Meghalaya High Court after a petition filed by Ma Kitbok Rymbai, former Waheh Shnong of Khliehrtyshi against the JHADC and others under WP(C) No.488 of and WP(C) No.468 of
The difficulty is that the more expensive and expensive it is, the more we want our eyes.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 13 factory workers.
Others included the elders of the area and it was also seen that the youth of the area, took part in various activities including songs and dances.
With this victory, Sunriser will prepare themselves to face Seng Rangbah Mawlai in the Quarter Final on the 10th at 3:30 pm.
Mawlai SC, who were also the champions of last season, beat Nongthymmai SC 2-1 in the Shillong Premier League 2023 on 12th June at the SSA Stadium, Polo. Shillong.
"Next year, we have set a target to build about 8,000 fish ponds and this will be done through the collaboration of the government and fish farmers," he said.
We will fight as much as possible to create ways to reduce the spread of this disease and especially to provide health facilities for this disease”.
Shillong: U Deputy Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, Bah A. Lakiang today sent a letter to the Legislative Wing of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). as the new Chief Executive Member.
In those days God was angry, and he is angry now.
Fraudsters are more successful than the police because they are clever people who know how to use their powers to deceive.
On the other hand, the MLA of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, on this occasion, gave a speech to encourage these youths and also to remember the heroes of the country who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country. He also urged the youth to do something for the country and the people so that the state and the country can move forward. in all directions.
The report said that the truck had all the documents and challan to carry the coal.
However, the PWD department has already inspected the condition of the bridge and sent a report to the state government through the Chief Engineer, but since 2014 nothing has been done to protect it. the precious lives of the residents of the area.
Then the Prime Minister left for Shillong by car.
“This road in Mawpun has been in use for a long time.
North Korean authorities are so vigilant that even the hat that Kim Jong Un will wear, they don't want him to wear a hat that hasn't been placed on the table at the meeting place. in Singapore.
Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng, Mulang Ialong and Tympang won the third division football tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
There is no need to change your religion.
From now on, we will have to look at these suggestions from the political parties and how the government will decide on the request to appoint an Expert Committee.
If you have had such a report in the past years, you may have seen many shortcomings in many areas.
After examining the injured, it was found that Dengchrang T Sangma had died.
When asked how many copies of the new bible have been printed, he said that 5000 copies have been printed and many have already been sold and are thinking of printing again. The price of the new bible is T. amount.
The winners of the final will receive a cash prize of 2,50,000 (Ar Lakh Fifty Thousand Tyngka), while the runners-up will receive 1,0 50,000 (One Lakh Fifty Thousand), for the entrance fee is 4,500 (Four Thousand).
Shillong: The employees of Meghalaya Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) on Tuesday decided to hold an indefinite strike in front of the company's office in Shillong.
If this is the case, what will be the future of the farmers who support their families by farming and even support for the education of their children? It is time for the government to pay special attention to the problems of the farmers especially in the rural areas who live by agriculture, because if the government does not have that responsibility to look after the prices of the crops of the farmers. and it is useless to say that the government has a desire to improve agriculture, because how many farmers have benefited through government schemes.
Although the prime minister has not yet said whether the NPP will contest from all 60 constituencies, he said, “We will try to contest from all”.
The three suspects have allegedly kidnapped and killed Pynkhreh Surong since 9th October.
The word 'secular' was inserted in the Preamble of the Constitution of India through the 42nd Amendment Act,
Dipankar Barua top scored with 76 runs from 42 balls and Chandan with 16 runs from 11 balls.
“The refugees don't leave of their own accord but we have registered a case,” Marak said.
At the same time, Bah Nongrum felt that the state government should postpone the passage of the Village Administration Bill, 2014 of the KHADC instead of passing its own law.
He said that what is more dangerous now is that if this discrimination continues, “one day we will become small paid in front of them”.
The audit also found that 20,12,500 units of Cap Zy 10 forte in the State worth T.7.14 crore have been purchased for the purpose of distribution to people with HIV/AIDS. pain.
On the claim that Hindus were not discriminated against in Shella, the party said that it was a video that was fabricated and unfounded.
The Act was passed after receiving complaints about the number of trucks passing through these roads and causing damage to these roads and especially in relation to the The Lailad Bridge, because if heavy vehicles pass through the Bridge, there may be a traffic jam and it will cause problems to the people.
Speaking to Rupang, Lenus said that the Mylliem Hima cannot hold Christian churches together. “They cannot hold Christian churches together, there are ministers. “We have already paid the money, if they take it back from us, we have the right to go to court,” said Bah Shadap. .
The protesters came from different parts of Assam, including Sadiya, Dhubri, Dhemaji and other places.
“Jesus is God, he is our closest friend who is ready to bear all our burdens,” said Pastor Pariat.
The state team has won 10 points in the fourth round of the 77th National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy 2023-24 after beating Arunachal Pradesh 2-2 in on Thursday in Itanagar.
GIVE PLACE TO UNITYThe name of the State or the name of the country is no longer the cure for unity.
Andrica Nongsiej won the bronze medal in the women's javelin, Willbornson Wahlang won the gold medal in the MTB Downhill Hardtail Men's Race, Dajied Wanshnong won the silver medal in the football event. Lumjingsuk Iawphniaw won silver medals in the 2nd Indian Open Wako International Kickboxing Tournament.
Nagaland were bowled out for 224 in 50 overs.
Shillong: Out of the 77 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 41 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. high risk contact, 1 from the Armed Forces, 1 from the Armed Forces, 2 from the SARI cases, 1 from the Armed Forces, 3 from the Staff Nurse and 2 from the Armed Forces. Ganesh Das and one Grade IV staff, three are security guards at IIM and two are foreigners.
This order dated October 28, 2017 shall come into force immediately until further notice.
Masonic CC scored 80 runs for the loss of all wickets in 23.4 overs.
He said that according to the information received by the village leaders, it is not yet known how many households have been affected by the cold weather, but in an uncertain estimate, it has been learned that there have been about 20 more homes were damaged.
For more information please call or sms this no.
Work for the betterment of the future of the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo children to have a competitive spirit and to abolish the Sub-Tribe Reservation under the Schedule Tribe Reservation.
Therefore, they perform the “Rap Iieng” with the son of anyone from their own kur, and sometimes when there is no one, they take a Dkhar son to perform the Rap Iieng and the land while there is go to that person who has been accepted in the form of “Rap Iieng” who has come down gradually to take advantage of thousands of wealth and all the land; while his own sons are like “Ksew Kynther Slap” without a place to hide.
Three years later he was appointed Vice-Chancellor of Benaras Hindu University and in both his positions, Radhakrishnan was known as a skilled teacher and a friend of all. trust and respect.
Does the army have the right to shoot people without the knowledge of the district authorities,” said UDP General Secretary AF Dkhar.
The Central Government has implemented about 715 development projects including agreements with other neighboring countries like Bangladesh, China and Myanmar to boost income in the region.
In response to a request for information, he said that the transfer of jobs in the department is through the approval of the DPC. only two of them left the job because it was time for them to retire.
He said that although he is in the government, he continues to oppose its actions which he feels are against corruption.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: In a shocking incident on Tuesday, 6th July 2024, a student of Polytechnic Shillong, Shillong, has allegedly committed suicide by stabbing herself in the head. door inside the room in the hostel.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Film Television Producers Guild Meghalaya (FTPGM) has been set up to promote the film industry in the state.
Shillong: Parents of private school students in Shillong today held a meeting at the Malki Sports Club Ground in Malki, for the purpose of to discuss and discuss many of the problems they face in these days.
Basaïawmoit said this while speaking at a sit-in protest held by the party on Tuesday.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, said that this move will not only promote literature in Manipur, but will also allow those who speak Manipuri or Meiteilon to be banned. that they understand the constitution of the country.
“Those who are rich should not stay here but should also go outside the state to showcase their uniqueness,” said Bah Kit Thabah.
The Dorbar Shnong also wants to clarify that after conducting an investigation in the villages, it was learned that no people from this village were involved in this violence.
The Constitution of the country uses the names 'India' and 'Bharat' together in its writings.
Taking part in the discussion, Conrad Sangma said that the border issue has been going on for a long time and the border residents have faced many problems.
As part of the prevention of the spread of the corona virus, the DC of EKH has urged the public to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
According to him, out of these 54 constituencies, many are where the party hopes to reach its goal.
The Greenline Taxi Welfare Association (GREWA) today lodged a complaint against the stem taxis to the Deputy Commissioner of Shillong Region Taxis. According to the 2011 census, Shillong City/Region has 143,229 residents and Shillong Cantonment has 11,930 residents but there are more than 6,000 taxis operating. which no longer coincides with the number of people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Civil Society of Women Organization (CSWO) has alleged that the office of the Lock Development Officer of Mawphlang has paid only T.5,000 out of T.30,000 to get a woman to This woman is Dlian Jana from Dira village, Sohiong constituency, East Khasi Hills.
Lanosha's father and mother spoke together. So Lanosha threw them away too.
France beat Croatia 4-2 in the World Cup in Russia.
The NPP source said that many senior leaders of the PDF have already joined the NPP since last year, adding that the two MLAs have close synrop with the state government. , the remaining leaders of the PDF will also follow.
If the Synjuk Waheh Chnong Jowai is deeply concerned about the garbage collection in Jowai, it should advise the Urban Development Department, JHADC, JMB and the Village Authorities to find ways. ways that can end this problem immediately.
The JT Director said that the Directorate of Agriculture/Horticulture is writing to all the District Agriculture/Horticulture Officers to write to the Block to identify the villages that grow sohphan well.
However, due to heavy rain, the match was not allowed to continue.
The mother said that the policeman had been involved in calling her daughter and promising to take care of her but within a few months he turned against her and for this reason she killed him. himself.
The Bible must be for the people, the Bible must speak to the people, the Bible must speak for the people and it must give hope to the people and the community.
In the Narpuh area, many shops have had to close their doors due to the heavy rainfall due to the collapse of the road which has entered the houses of the people. and to the shopkeeper.
The reason for the incident was that the police had blocked the way for the crowd to pass through Motphran, but there were young men and women, who wanted to stand chess and there, it happened. temporarily, violence and physical violence between the police and the public.
Meghalaya is also considered in the Northeast as one of the Christian states because there are more Christians than other religions.
After completing the legal requirements, the body was handed over to the relatives for the last rites.
FCI staff.10.
The Ordinance, signed by the Governor of Meghalaya on 29th June, is entitled Meghalaya Local Administration,
This tourist spot is located in Laitmawsiang-Sohra village, in the Bri Ki Synrang tourist spot or Maw Dohnud.
She asked how much was spent and she replied that it was T.6 lakh and there were two for the KHADC office and she also went to the MDC Hostel.
Besides, the Minister said that he has already held a meeting with the PHE department of the state government and thus he has been able to collect the non-Municipal areas which are not included in the JJM. He said that there are about 20 villages outside the scheme.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Women's Wing, Jasmine Lyngdoh, the President of the NPYF District, Bah Khrawbok Sohkhlet, Bah Mayborn and other party leaders.
Shillong Lajong have failed to play well in the Shillong Premier League (SPL) last season and are fourth in the points table while Rangdajied are in fourth position. Lajong have proved their skills and have changed their strategy compared to last year.
The claim of the dewbilat factories that the MDA government is on the side of the factories may not be true as the dewbilat factories are still failing to implement the new dewbilat fee for trucks.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the newly renovated room of Jaïaw Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Jaïaw, Bah DP Wahlang suggested that the school should focus on providing services to the youth. in the fields of commerce and marketing because these fields of study are those in the fields of company or self-employment.
Tony, 29, has left his wife within 40 days of accepting Sofia to live with them in their home in the UK. Tony has accepted the scheme. The British government has pledged to provide shelter to Ukrainians fleeing Russia from the Russian invasion. to take care of it.
Perhaps he has not passed matriculation.
Those who have complaints about illegal activities in connection with the election can call 9233271285 or meet him face to face from 5 to 6 pm every day at Sibsingh Inspection Bungalow PWD (Road) , Nongstoin.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Nongpoh Town Committee and Umsning Town Dorbar today visited the officers of the National Highway. Authority (NHAI), Regional Office of NHAI located in Guwahati.
The CEM, KHADC has been requested to demand from the Government of Meghalaya to fulfill the promise taken since 13 April 2000 when the Dorbar Assembly decided to demand from the Government of India to release Meghalaya from The Forest Conservation Act, 1980 under paragraph 12A (b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, because the land tenure system is different from other parts of India.
He also expressed his gratitude to the school for inviting him to take part in the opening of the smart class.
That can only be achieved if the people themselves do not change themselves by consulting and judging before electing their candidates for the seats in the State Legislative Assembly.
Even the land title of 1 bigha and 1 lesha is in the name of my father, the Head of Police has not listened at all and has been talking nonsense,” said Md Intadul Islam.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni urged the youth to be responsible for their studies, especially to be the example of the future generation. the nation shall continue to grow in all aspects.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 6: The Markasa Area Fisheries Association, a group of strong Markasa fishermen, has joined hands with the village headmen to protect the fish in the river and to prevent the slaughter of fish such as by spraying pesticides. , lockdown, shooting, bombing and many others.
If it is true that those leaders have a responsibility for the people and the state as well, why don't they follow the resolution they passed to implement the ILP in the state? What have those leaders said in the past few months during the visit of that Minister of Indian Government to our state? The visit of these leaders to Delhi to discuss the ILP is only to mislead the people and waste the people's money.
The District Magistrate has informed that vehicles with registration numbers ending in 1,3,5,7,9 are allowed to travel only on Tuesdays, Tuesdays and Thursdays, while vehicles with registration numbers ending in Vehicles with Registration Numbers ending in 0, 2,4,6,8 are allowed to travel only on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
U Sum, ryntieh, ki tub, ki man, He doesn't have to fight against; Like a hero he didn't give up, Power, that the will of the country has been shaped, In him from the heart: He is not afraid. Just one idea.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today said that it is confident that both the party candidates will win the elections. day.
At the time of his temptation, Jesus said, “I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven” (Luke 10:18).
Earlier, the state government had invited tenders from companies to provide equipment to make the date for the inclusion of the names of the beneficiaries in the PDS. ) to the Central Government amounting to T.43 crore for the computerization of the requirements for the implementation of the Public Distribution System (PDS).
The operation was carried out in connection with three fraud cases from banks amounting to T.3,986 crore outstanding money to Public Sector Banks, he said. the ED team.Earlier, in January 2022, the ED team had seized 75 immovable properties, including 67 windmills worth T. 113.32 crore to the Chennai-based Surana Group of Companies under the provisions of the Money Laundering Act.
This power outage has affected not only the trade, but especially the students who have to prepare for their final examination. They are responsible for ensuring that this power outage does not happen again and again in the evening.
The curfew will start from the 6th of this month until further notice and the villages that have been extended the curfew will be from Tandu Bridge to Byrnihat, Jerobad, Pillangata, Maikhuli, Maikhuli and Umtyrnga.
Shillong, Nailur 25: U Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh MLA of the HSPDP from Nongstoin who is also the President of the HSPDP party is now in critical condition and is in the ICU at NEIGRHIMS Hospital.
“That's why we are still investigating from the source to find out all the facts,” said Donald.
The INC bring problems to the entire Northeast states, the Kashmiri and the Dalit community, since the time of independence.
When asked about the challenges faced by the government in starting construction of such projects, Sangma said there have been various challenges such as land acquisition, clearing of forests, relocation of equipment and others that the government is still trying to negotiate.
Shillong, Lber 31: The end of the year 2015, is a day of mourning for the owners of newspapers, who used to rely on the payment of money from government departments.
“Since the notification was issued to ban the participation of teachers receiving government assistance or the change in the service rules of teacher aided colleges, we have expressed our regret and on “We have no choice but to appeal against the case and now that we have won, we would like to thank everyone,” said the teachers.
Ardent also urged the government to delete the two sections of the Act, which are a ban on foreigners to buy land.
The final registration of nominations will be on the 8th June 2019, before 3 pm and the review of nominations will be on the same day, after 3 pm and the withdrawal of nominations will be on the 9th. June 2019 and the election of candidates will be held on 12th June 2019 and the polling will be held on 27th June 2019, from 7am to 4pm. long on October 2nd
In a statement, Chairman Samuel Jyrwa and General Secretary Sinam Prakash Singh strongly condemned the police shooting in Tripura in which several youths were injured.
This is according to a statement by Bah K.Ryntathiang.
The NPP candidate from Mowkaiaw, Habahun Dkhar, will have to work hard against the UDP MLA, Nujorki Sungoh and the Congress candidate.
Therefore, it is important that young people do not use knowledge for evil by misusing it but for good.
R Ramdinthara scored the third goal in the 17th minute.
At that time, the time when righteousness stands in a word, it is the way to turn to God the Creator, to ask for signs and wonders through the Klong u Skaw.
The expenditure of candidates has been increased this time and they are now allowed to spend no more than T.5 lakh from the previous T.2.5 lakh.
Shillong, Nailur, 06: U Bah JA Lyngdoh on Tuesday broke off his alliance with the BJP Meghalaya State Unit on the grounds that he has been left behind, insulted and rejected by the BJP. leader of the Party for the past four and a half years.
The militants strongly opposed Israel's offensive against Hamas, which has ruled Gaza for decades.
Besides, the self-employed people in every village of Shillong and around the surrounding villages from the rural areas came in large numbers to support the demand for human rights.
Located in the heart of Shillong, also known as the “Scotland of the East”, the 182-room building offers beautiful views of the mountains. the inhabitants of the noise of the city and the rest of the valley.
The date of the match between the two teams will be announced later by the Shillong Sports Association, which is the organizer of the OC Blue SPL.
Earlier, on 17th March 2017, Ma Ioannis Thamar, from Ladthalaboh, Jowai, lodged a complaint with the Governor of Meghalaya against the 17 MLAs who are Parliamentary Secretaries in the MUA government in Meghalaya. The complaint of the 17 persons is that these 17 persons have violated the Constitution by holding office to benefit them and therefore, the Governor has been directed to implement Article 192 and to cancel the membership of those who hold the revenue office.
“We should respect a little bit if a woman has a lot of work like men, it will be difficult, because there are jobs that women cannot do in terms of night watch, la There are villages where women have also become village leaders.
Sangma is the Commissioner and Secretary of the Education Department and also served as the former Director of State Food and Civil Supplies.
These are the little things that many of us may not remember or think about, but that tell the world about the character of the inhabitants of this city.
“As the Dorbar Shnong, we want to remove and destroy those who have the intention to disrupt the peace and order in the village,” he said.
The village headmen should stand in the middle in terms of politics.
“We also want the Church and Catholic Christian families to take prayer as a strong tool to produce more Lyngdoh Sohblei in Khasi-Jaintia,” he said.
In public administration, we all have the right to express our feelings but it does not mean that we should go and throw stones or touch anyone.
If Satan is allowed to step once, he will surely come a second, fourth, fourth time... and so on.
Jumbu W. Marak and Donkupar Lyngkhoi scored 63 and 61 runs respectively. Ranikor CC's Walseng Marak and Josim Ch.
Mynso B in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra (NYK) Sangathan Jowai on the 4th of this month celebrated the International Volunteer Day at Iaw Pyngkat Village, Mynso.
Besides, Bah Warjri said that about 16 households can be accommodated in one house and a total of 40 households from these four houses have been completed.
The newly constructed school has been funded by the Asian Development Bank at a cost of T.1.83 crore.
New Delhi: Twelve opposition parties today supported the farmers' strike on 26th June and five of the 12 opposition parties have their chief ministers. different state.
Try to listen to the news on radio or television for details from time to time and to help those in need such as children and the elderly.
There are those who say that the rich people of the world created this country.
Shillong: There have been 231 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 362 recoveries and 2 deaths.
However, what I thought most about was, "Whether the crowd is with me or not"
Regarding this protest, the union said that even to print the marksheets cannot be done because there are no marksheets.
“The purpose of this registration of foreign workers is to keep a record of their work.
They told the story of the incident as it happened and that they killed each other and this attracted 38,000 viewers who watched online, the confession of the couple in the Your twitter page.
Types of seeds : The high carb content of seeds contains vitamins, minerals and fiber that can temporarily increase serotonin, a hormone that can improve mood and reduce stress and anxiety. you are thinking.
On his part, he called for the cooperation of the villagers for the good of the village and the country as a whole.
“The silence of the Congress-led Meghalaya government has led the HNLC to decide to take different measures by issuing a statement not to blow up bombs in The High Court, Shillong and the Secretariat as reported in the media,” said the Seng Khasi Mawsynram.
Leaders of various political parties will come to speak on the need to promote the Khasi language.
However, from the beginning until now, we Riewlum have been in the midst of fear and persecution.
Economic development is essential because it brings many benefits and amenities to society.
This was announced by the Government of Meghalaya.
Alisha Lyngdoh scored the last goal in the 88th minute.
While the students held a rally against the release of Afzal Guru, the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and the BJP students protested by writing to the JNU authorities not to allow him. that they should hold such a meeting on the grounds of the university.
“If it is found that there is no coal or the amount of coal is less than the estimate from the coal owners, action will be taken against the coal owners according to the provisions of the MMDR Act, 1957,” the statement said.
Because if we don't stand up against these evil deeds that waste public money that should be spent on building durable, strong buildings then the backwardness will be ours and our children's.
Before 25th July, the yatra aims to reach more than 2.55 lakh Gram Panchayats and more than 3600 urban authorities across the country.
Nongpoh: Members of the Consumers & Farmers Protection Cell of the KSU Sengkmie, on Tuesday inspected the rice fields at 8 mer Khanapara, Ri Bhoi District. During the inspection, the KSU did not find the plastic Khaw from the Kudam Khaw in the area.
The performance of these leaders was not very pleasant in front of the people.
These people were arrested because the village suspected that they were driving too fast inside the village.
Shallang, Nailar, 20: A coal mine in West Khasi Hills District, has collapsed this evening, killing one of the miners and seriously injuring another.
Every hour we take for the sake of the environment should not end up like planting trees, burning them again as soon as the rain and mountains arrive or spreading the market today, breaking garbage like tomorrow morning or a morning rally from here to there, ending with drinks and the next thing is that we turn back to our own thoughtless behavior and ignore other kinds of creation just because we believe that we have the power to destroy them.
Chief Executive Member (CEM) Titosstarwell Chyne said that the KHADC has decided to provide financial assistance to the quarantine centers as part of the efforts to encourage the Dorbar Shnongs to provide quarantine facilities in the villages. for young people who have returned from abroad.
However, recently, the PHE has written to the Municipal to pay for the water at the price.
Some of these villages have chosen to go to Assam or stay in Meghalaya.
He said the Regional Committees appointed by the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam will bring forward acceptable recommendations from both sides to resolve the disputes.
He also explained about many of the safety measures, the implementation of SOPs and the needs of the park workers, urging the park managers to ensure their safety. par whom they employed.
G. The claim that Meghalaya is a state through which vehicles pass from one state to another and ILP cannot be introduced here in our state is also unfounded.
Kharsyntiew said that the reason for the deterioration of the road is also due to the movement of coal trucks in the past years which has caused the residents of the area to suffer. that they may suffer from difficulties in walking and standing, especially in illness.
I have sought information about the complaint of the MDCs to demand my resignation after seeing it in the media but there is nothing,” said Bah Syiem.
Anything that is not Jewish, whether cultural or religious is a threat and frightens them.
Who can pay for it? The people! Therefore, we often hear public complaints when there is a price hike.
He said that the remaining work is the covering of the dome part for the hall, which will be delivered before the end of this month from Calcutta to complete the work. u month to April.
He said a large meeting will also be held at Adogre in Garo Hills on 15th October to improve the party's preparations for the Lok Sabha elections.
They should also be made aware that they should not prepare by force but willingly that they understand that they must win.
Therefore, the union expects the council to stand up and say no to the railway line and not to give the syrnod.
Meanwhile, the results of those studying at NEHU have been released long ago.
Arbinus Syiemïong took 3 wickets and Mebanpynshai took 2 wickets for MeECL. MeECL reached the target by 103 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in 20 overs. .
Kipyegon has improved almost all the previous record of 3:50.07 set by Ethiopian Genzebe Dibaba in
Even those who do not work righteously will be better able to accomplish their ministry.
The Gates will also be expanded and improved.
“We will examine this to hold the MDC elections next year,” James said after opening a meeting of the three district councils in the state.
He demanded that the CS should investigate the incident and give him a fair trial and demanded that he should be prosecuted.
Khliehriat, Naitung 13: The Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah J. Shylla, on Friday raided another Druk Fuel Limited. ha Nongjri under Sutnga District which has been illegally constructed without receiving the CTE from the MSPCB.
The Branch Manager of Birla Insurance Company, Nehimaiah Tyngkan together with his colleagues and also in collaboration with the Jaintia Journalists Association (JIA) (JJA) has cleaned up the market by taking these nuts to the nuit bread shop which is about 15 km from Jowai.
One area I would like to comment on here is the commercialization of Christmas.
This is a place, which was covered with earth from above and which no one thought would exist in this part of the city thousands of years before Christ.
“From our side; We cannot suggest to the government to build only Assam type houses in this area, because of the coal mines in this area, which will be a big challenge to build houses. "It's a good idea to have a job in this area," said the Engineer.
The soul is very good, sweet and present, not only even my father...” Bahnah said again.
and Foundation.
The death toll in the United Kingdom in the past 24 hours has risen to 759, bringing the total to 18,0
Thanks also go to the VDPs of Mawroh and surrounding villages, the Rangbah Diocese of Nongstoin, Nongkasen Parish (Markasa), Bah HB Nongsiej MLA, MDC of the area and all those who contributed to the incident.
Hep said, “To Papa.” Hep's relationship with Lydia lasted about six months.
He said it is regrettable that the state government has played politics.
Kordor scored the first goal in the 18th minute with a header and another in the 21st.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : The Fashion Society Shillong (FSS), as part of its voluntary activities, has visited Jathang village, to donate food items and also to They discussed the situation of the residents and found that there were many shortcomings.
The CM will work closely with the new government to achieve the aspirations of the people of Mizoram.
This shows that the government is taking these SDGs seriously as it has to report to the NITI Aayog every year.
The Rupee and the Rupee.
Witting said he has not spoken to anyone about the incident, as he is still looking for detailed information before doing anything, but he said that by looking at the face, he has seen clearly. that it was the negligence of the foreign factory.
No MLA of the party, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem or Teilinia Thangkhiew, was present to accompany the candidates. to their candidates.
He said that when the district authorities have failed to curb the incident, the KSU has decided to take measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners in the name of development, but it has put us at risk. villagers who follow the government's orders.
He said that the village has become well developed and everyone has learned to read and write.
About 80 personnel were sent to the affected areas for repairs.
Also present on the occasion were Kathleen Marbaniang, Vice President and Mary Tiewla, Joint Secretary Women of the All Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress Party (AMPTCP), Shillong. Sounder Strong Cajee.
In this regard, the Chairman of DRDA requests all the Village Authorities of all the villages in East Khasi Hills District, and especially the rural villages, to take the list. of those selected to receive the scheme from the Block Offices, and also, by working together to provide the Account Number, Aadhaar Card and also to ensure that the Aadhaar Number of those who receive the assistance has been completed. link to their bank accounts.
It is not easy for them to speak or tell such things after the loss of their father and especially after the shock in which they were taken by the police to the road to Khliehriat.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has selected nine boxers and two officials to represent the state at the 6th Youth Men National Boxing Championships to be held in Sikkim from 13th to 18th of this month.
In another incident, at 1:30 pm, residents of Laitlyndop, Mawkma, Rngimawsaw and Mawlyndiar areas were shocked when heavy rain and cold cold destroyed their houses. Many houses have been destroyed and destroyed.
He said the government will set a target to build more major projects to strengthen the generation of electricity in the state as the state needs about 380 MW of electricity in the state as a whole.
In the quarterfinal match between the two European giants, the match was very strong and fierce, but it was France who are still champions who opened the scoring first in the match. Aurelien Tchouameni scored in the 17th minute to give them a 1-0 lead at the end of the first half.
The easiest ways in this regard are to choose healthy and nutritious foods while at the same time participating in physical activity including those physical activities that strengthen the body.
After the police on 31st June arrested a man accused of raping a child from a village in West Khasi Hills, a source from the leaders of the police said. The villagers said that besides this child, it is suspected that many other children have been injured in the same accident.
If the traffic lights are not enough, the law can be improved, if the person is on the wrong side, he knows how to think again, or it is an example for others to think for themselves.
However, many suggested that the festival should be held in November-July as schools are still on vacation and students who are contesting for SSLC or HSSLC can still come to the festival.
Working together as a family will make you all smarter and will encourage the family members to work hard to clean up the house and the surroundings.
The DC of West Jaintia Hills has conducted an inspection in November last year and has reported that there has been no coal mining since the NGT ban. Hills WR Lyngdoh said the district administration has found two violations of the NGT order last month and punished those involved in this case and has also imposed Section 144 CrCPC throughout the district. .
Even the state of Karnataka has a large number of tribal communities.
The incident occurred after a meeting between the RWDO and the BSF, to discuss the infiltration of Bangladeshis into the land of the area to steal siej and kwai trees. of rep.
On Tuesday, another group came out, which locked up the room of the Director of the hospital and this showed that the work of the management is being neglected. , has become increasingly ingrained in the souls of many villagers these days.
I feel it is necessary to be extra careful when we are in office with constitutional authority," he said.
It is a pride for the state to see that the names of Manbhakupar Malngiang and Airborlang Kharthangmaw will appear in the list of the country's youth football team, which will qualify for the SAFF U- 16 Championship.
The turning distance of this truck is about 10-15 meters.
In this regard, it is prohibited to hold any festival, to gather people, to walk or stand on the streets and to open any shops in these areas.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 11 cases, 6 cases of high risk contact and 5 cases from outside.
The soldiers who used to patrol the area, saw the incident and requested the police to release the injured soldier, but the police did not listen and about 15-20 people came. after.
AJCA Coach: Johimitre Patwet.
Many children and adults from this village have received training from this Institute which has attracted many tourists from all over the world.
This was announced by the President of the Meghalaya Indigenous Peoples' Front (MIPF) Shillong City on Saturday before the MBA handed over the food items to the MBA. members who have not less than 30 members.
In another development, KJWA has also invited those youths who are looking for jobs for the Post Combined Graduate Level Examination, 2015, conducted by the Staff Selection Commission (SSC).
This is as of this writing tonight.
“Until this issue is resolved, the Governor should allow me to take over the post of Prime Minister,” Gadale said.
The Commissioner & Secretary to the Govt.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Committee, said that it is a matter of concern that the PAC has found many problems. problems in the proper implementation of the works related to the construction of the Umroi Airport.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Umlew Protection Committee said that this is a step taken by the organization and the surrounding villages every year to clean up the river which is used by the people in many ways. It is also a river where many rawon flow and enjoy going fishing.
They sat down together until 12 o'clock in the morning.
The ceremony was led by the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, Bah Kentli Tangsang, Assistant Publicity Secretary, Samla Melajied Khongbuh, General Secretary of KSU Nongtyngur and Bah Hillstar Ïawbor. , Chairman of the Raid.
He said that according to the rules laid down by the SAG, the funds allocated by the SAG should be used for the construction of schools, bus stops, footpaths and so on.
On my part, I would like to thank the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said this in response to Dr Mukul's allegation that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP is trying to repeal even the MRSSA
Fifty doctoral students are preparing to start in Shillong.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Skhem Dkhar congratulated Bah Wanshwa Suting for continuing to grow in his talent, as well as for being a guide for the youth. they shall use the power that they have.
At present, the number of cattle still sick or affected by LSD across the State is 2759 cattle.
Daurupaia Bang scored 135 runs (6×4 and 16×6), Success Rymbai scored 27 runs (3×4 and 1×6). They took 1 wicket in 4 overs.
The order is in force from 6 pm to 5 pm and the reason is because there are groups who disrupt traffic and peace in parts of the district, the report said.
However, just because of the 40%, it has deprived not only the youth but also the elderly to think about the future of their children.
No injuries or damage were reported in the incident.
The earthquake has also put the building of the school in grave danger especially to the students of the school.
Group-C has the teams of Kynton U Mon, Challenger Ft Academy, Mawreng SS, Pay For Right Ft.
He was later appointed as Director of the North Eastern Council and Director of Vigilance, Department of Communications, Bangalore.
God speaks clearly about the obedience and disobedience of the people and what reward they will see!.
They expressed their regret over the delay of the KHADC in issuing a decision on their complaint which has been heard from time to time and urged the District Council to issue a decision.
As part of expressing their anger, the farmers of these water supply areas from both these water sources said that the decision on this is part of the protest against the benefits of they.
The Minister also congratulated Madhav Singh, Senior Science Teacher of Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh on receiving the National Teacher Award
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chairman of the Union of Village Authorities (SNSBH) Dr Werlok Kharshiing said that he hopes that on that day there will be no more delays.
Matters to consider.
This land was owned by Newyearly Thangkhiew, who lives in Nongkseh. According to the dulir received from the Syiem of Raid Marwet in The Assam government does not fall under the map of Dispur and it falls under the state of Meghalaya.
Urging the people to support the UDP in the upcoming elections, u Bah Syiem said that the UDP has a heavy responsibility to carry when it comes to the border issues, the inner line permit (ILP), the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule and employment opportunities for the youth in the state and urged the people to give their full support to the UDP party for the future. you can come.
“The CRPF Shillong office has requested the government to allocate 50 acres of land to the CRPF in New Shillong township. hire most of their offices from people"he said.
In our own land, we shall own and protect what we have inherited from our ancestors and what we have inherited from our ancestors.
“Then once you have to buy something sweet, father,” said the son and took out his mobile phone to call people.
The former CEM also suggested that it would be better if the word “Recorder” could be used instead of Registration in the Amendment.
Meghalaya will start their first match against Bengal on the 12th of March.
The Assam government has strictly prohibited these coal trucks from entering the area without proper documents.
At the same time, they said that the Kur Lai Kynja which met on the 19th November, 2022 has requested that the construction of the mawpud should be suspended until and they shall not settle the matter between the two sides.
B.Mawlong, DHS (MCH & FW), Dr.TS Nongkhlaw, DHS (R), Shri.SN Sangma, Joint Commissioner of Food Safety and Mr. DBS Mukhim, Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety.
It was released on the 9th of this month that there are 2K shares on rupang.com and 115,390 readers on rupang.com's facebook page and engagements, 16,0
The Chairman of the Raid Laban Dorbar said, “The procedure for issuing trading license to foreigners will be followed according to the directive of the District Council. The NOC is issued by the Dorbar Shnong.
Why is that? “Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked: clean" Revelation 3:1
If he has committed sins, it will be forgiven him" James 5:1
The SP said that they were arrested on suspicion of involvement in arson, robbery and disturbing the peace and order after the Sengbhalang called a 12 hour curfew.
I'm working with the BJP haha ​​haha.
He said that most of them are students, school children, unemployed youth and they have come to join the AAP in Shillong.
Shillong: The Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU and the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NHEUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSA have been in talks for several days regarding the demand for the dismissal of Consultant Rohit Prasad and to implement many other demands which affect the welfare of the students and teachers of the university.
That prayer and preaching through youtube channels goes hand in hand with religious pride and ambition.
That made it easier for the British to become the masters of India.
He said that according to the CBI investigation, it has been found that the minister is the main accused and the new government led by the UDP will ensure that this case will come to an end for the future. young people and grandchildren.
If a case arises, the Government of India has foreseen that there will be disputes between these disputes and has foreseen that if any dispute arises, the arbitration decision will be accepted by this Court. Panchayati Raj, which is a department of the Government of India.
He has contested three MDC elections but has never won.
Police at the Phramer Traffic Cell while conducting a search operation on the Phramer-Shangpung road, found these trucks.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Manuel Badwar said that in today's world, fashion has become the color of the world but the youth should take that fashion is a way to showcase themselves. They have brought to the world the Khasi clothes.
Shillong: The Shillong College Boys Football Team will play against East Zone I in the National Championships of the Reliance Foundation Youth Sports Football Tournament on Tuesday. The event will be held at Reliance Corporate Park, Navi Mumbai from 29th November to 7th July
“It is not that we want to delay the work but let me promise the Members of the House that if this work is not completed as recommended by the Inquiry Commission, the Government will take the right steps,” he said. added.
The payment was announced by South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol during his election campaign, when he declared that the shortage of people is a major threat. tam of this Ri.
And this is the hand that is stretched out over all the nations".
The Meghalaya government should first ban foreigners from working in these factories within 2 years.
He was a Minister of State when he served as an MLA from Rangsakona Constituency which I am now serving,” said Zenith.
Shillong: Malki FC beat Sawmer FC 3-0 in the U-18 Shillong Premier League 2018 at the Polo Ground of SSA today. Rapborlang Marwein scored the first goal for Sawmer in the 10th minute, Rapborlang Marwein in the 34th minute and Justerwell Tham in the 89th minute.
Food security, nutritious food, safe healthcare facilities, clean drinking water and more.
Leaders of KSU Jowai Unit including President Ewanmi Phawa and General Secretary Leonard Dhar have met with the Functional Manager DCIC to inquire about the trainings conducted at the office.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongstoin Circle on Saturday seized a truck No.AS 18 C 6656 belonging to foreigners. inside the city of Nongstoin.
However, knowledge can never be stolen and knowledge is also a sword to protect the country and the nation.
It is learned that while the water was being released on the evening of the 13th of this month, 2021 through the 750 mm main line, there was a burst in the pipes in Pomlum Village, Upper Shillong.
The vehicle of Lurin Jyoti Gogoi was blocked and stoned by BJP workers and supporters of BJP MLA Narayan Deka. the Constituency.
The three candidates are Brolding Nongsiej MDC from Mawthad Raishan, Metbah Lyngdoh MDC from Mairang and KP Pangniang MDC from Rambrai Constituency.
Shabong is one of the eight MP candidates contesting the election from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
In all the various categories, special prizes were also awarded as an encouragement to all the players.
Shillong, July 19: Three persons have been arrested for allegedly raping a 21-year-old girl.
“The Shillong Apollo Info Center provides the opportunity to get information to patients in the state from Meghalaya, by getting information first from the doctor who will treat them at the Apollo Hospital, by visiting the hospital. getting from airport to hospital, ambulance service from airport/railway, adequate accommodation, treatment in Chennai and watch them first through video which is a conversation between patient and doctor ,” said Parag Choudhury, Telemedicine Consultant at the hospital.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest expressed his gratitude to the school for being one of the fortunate schools to receive the ICT Lab for the purpose of improving and developing the school. The ICT Lab is expected to enhance the knowledge of students according to the present era, where many people and the public have worked and completed their tasks through computers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Three candidates of the KHNAM for the mid-term MDC elections to be held on November 13, 2016 have sworn in today that they will not leave the party after they achieved success.
The main reason for this is that the party has not done well in the MLA elections last year.
As a sign of the opening ceremony, Bah Gabriel Wahlang also laid the ribbon and unveiled the nameplate of the scheme.
He said that the reason why they support these four parties is because they are issues that affect the Jaidbynriew and for that reason they want to unite their voice so that it will be more successful. quickly.
In Khliehriat, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District will start.
The Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District have been requested to identify the places before reaching the dam for parking between 8 am to 2 pm on 31st October. .
On the same day, Nongstoiñ Police Station has recovered the body of Donbokstarklin Syiem Shangoi from Jaidohkroh.
The Mawshynrut Chief Minister said that the damage caused by these incidents in the past two days has been severe, in which not only the houses and lives of people have been affected, but also the fields and all farmland was destroyed, including grocery stores.
It is also the duty of the hospital to ensure that there are no cases of COVID-19 when entering the hospital,” said Dr Nongbri.
Nongstoiñ: Umiam United FC have beaten Shillong Lajong FC in the third quarter final of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier. semi final of the 2nd Invitation Knock out Football Tournament 2018-19 organized by the New Nongstoiñ Sport Social & Cultural Club (NNSSCC).
Also, to assist them in their marriage, we have set up committees so that they can be given money at the time of their need,” Modi said this morning.
Not only this youth is angry with the ignorance and blindness in relation to many of the problems of the youth through the Prime Minister, Government Ministers and Senior Government Officers but there are many youth behind the scenes who “We are angry but those who have not yet expressed their anger are still expressing their anger,” said Bah Adilbert Nongrum Working President of KHNAM in a statement released today.
Those who attended the program were V.Hynniewta, Additional Deputy Commissioner, W.Massar, Assistant Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, members of the SDG Cell, Secretariat, Government of Meghalaya, Shillong with the participation of 58 farmers from the district.
Let us not discuss all the issues, but when we look at it, we see that the leaders behind Rahul Gandhi have done a lot of damage to him and the party he leads and not only that. , but Rahul himself did not have the sense of maturity or the issues that appealed to the people of India, because we see that from the beginning of his speech, in various meetings, u Narendra Modi and one of the words he likes is chowkidar chor hai or that the chowkidar or the prime minister is a thief and then the talk about corruption rafale , the accusation against Anil Ambani and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The students of St. Anthony's College under the leadership of the NEHUSU, have protested against the order of the college authorities which has ordered the students to wear and that uniform when you come to class.
“Of course we understand that the party has taken a long time to announce the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats, but as it is now it has not affected us who work within the party because “The time is still right but we want to request the High Command or the BJP Sengkmie to announce this month,” said Bah M Kharkrang, Chief Spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya.
The court said that since the operation of small planes carrying 96 passengers from Shillong to Delhi, there should be no problem in operating these same planes from major states via Bhopal. .
“There is no danger of reopening this issue by going to listen to the explanation of the residents in the border area that we are here to give governance to our people and the “It is our duty to listen to the people because we cannot discriminate against anyone,” he added.
It is not right to carry a stick, It is not right to throw a stick, It is not right to throw a stick; light of death.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has conducted a cleanliness drive in Iawmusiang on Tuesday.
The Department of Khasi of NEHU should also take action on this issue,” he said.
Madan Thadmuthlong also beat Lumbhahdakha 4-2 in the tie-breaker.
Meanwhile, the District Tuberculosis Officer, West Garo Hills, Dr. EA Sangma, while speaking at the meeting, informed the Government of India of the target to eradicate TB by the end of the year. 2025 and added that the program aims to achieve the goal of “TB free India” by preventing, detecting, treating and building brotherhood for universal coverage by provides free treatment to patients across the country through Government health centres.
Shillong, Nailar 25: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, today announced that the KHADC will send a letter to the state government not to approve any scheme. Any farmers' organization shall belong to any government department without informing the District Council.
The mother of the child has replied on her Facebook page, in which she asked, in what form, she will ask him first, when he is not yet born.
In the past, we have seen that the government uses other means and techniques to suppress or suppress news that is against it or that shows its shortcomings.
He said that even after giving the medicine to himself, he forgot the name of the medicine he gave to those patients, but when the patients went to the pharmacy to get the medicine, they got exactly the same medicine. the name of the medicine that young Holei wrote.
“I tested positive yesterday and those who have contacted me in the past few days, please send yourself for a Covid test,” Gogoi said.
At the Secretariat, it was observed that the employees came as usual every day without any problems.
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) in its order issued on 9.6.2014 after finding that the air, water and environment have been polluted due to the widespread mining of coal in Meghalaya has banned the mining of coal to protect the environment.
Let us accept the good things, even if people are bad but if they speak good things we have to accept them because the good things come from God.
According to Dr. Manuj Kr.
She said that it is easy to cultivate krai and said that in Khanduli village krai is usually cultivated in mid-July.
The stadium was constructed under the supervision of Conrad, son of Purno, at a cost of Rs 127.7 crore.
According to Sangma, there were many issues that needed to be discussed in the House.
He said that on the 21st July 2019 with the participation of the land owners, village leaders, school children and others who are concerned, they held a protest and expressed their concern. Suddenly, the Central Government has changed the university which has been a loss to the people of the state.
The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is an initiative across the country to inform and empower the people of the country about the major schemes of the government.
Metbah Lyndoh MLA Mairang Chairman of the RDA, while explaining on the occasion, said that from time to time, the people complain why the hill parties do not unite.
Nongstoin, November 23: Seven villages including Nongsleh, Mawkhar, Mawsaw, Tynrongmawsaw, Kyndangkdait, Pyrden and Mawkdep on Friday received MLA/MDC Mawshynrut Constituency.
In a letter sent by the Director of NEIGRIHMS and to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Seng has demanded that the examination should be suspended, as the Nurse students have not yet completed the examination. tip well this.
It was a very sad incident.
“We were elected to pass laws but we don't know what laws are,” said Shylla. He recalled that in 2007 he was removed from the post of MDC in KHADC. There is a law to say that any MDC elected by the people shall serve for a term of three years. I have contested in the High Court and won, but my friends They went to the Supreme Court against me and I won. The KHADC at that time spent up to T.18 lakh tyngka to fight the case against me,” he said. said.
They continued to work for ODF Plus as volunteers, masters, drivers or Green Ambassadors.
On the higher education sector, he said the Government had opened the Shillong Government College of Engineering last year and will start admitting students soon.
This shows that the TMC is the only party that dares to challenge the BJP after ignoring Meghalaya and its needs.
The word Namar is one of the reasons for life.
Congress, the highest house of the United States, today confirmed Biden's glorious victory as the new President of the United States.
Conrad Sangma, who is in Tura, will be at the office and will work for 10 days. There will be a full-time officer to look after the needs of the people. They have set a date to meet with the Prime Minister and other matters to be completed.
The union said that this is only the beginning but soon it will call again in the coming days and this time it has promised that if anything happens to the people, the government and the police will take action. should be responsible.
“We hope that the Ministry of Finance will spend money until we fall under Article 280 because we are now under Article 208,” he said.
As Khasi Leaders, they should take immediate action to improve and strengthen the Marriage Laws of the Khasi Jaitbynriew in order to protect against unclean marriage.
Shillong: The 132nd Anniversary of the Unitarian Church was celebrated on Tuesday with a prayer service at the Unitarian Church at Laban Square, Shillong.
Regarding the government's use of 144 CrPc in Shillong, Samla Enlang asked the government, “Since when did the Meghalaya government have its own Constitution which cannot On the other hand, the President of the War Jaintia Youth Organization Shillong Unit, Yoodahunki Shylla, who is also a member of the HYC, said, “We don't want such people. Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that as soon as he heard that the HYC will hold a protest, he announced that the funds for the 2021-2022 school year have been released.
The residents of the area have also protested against the former Rangbah Shnong, Bah PDkhar and Bah Jewel Lyngdoh. The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Baïateilang Lapang, has decided to sell the pond without the knowledge of the people and the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong: The producer and director of the film 9-Lad has recently released a song from the film on Youtube and within a month the song has received more than 1 million views.
The Kharbani Kur also urged the law enforcement authorities to take strong action by arresting all those involved and prosecute and punish them according to the law.
Gadkari warned that the authorities have faced difficulties in land acquisition in some states of the North East like Meghalaya and Nagaland and projects could be suspended if not. to remove these problems immediately.
Therefore, let those who accuse continue to accuse because if there are no such accusations how can they win the election but only one paid supporters who support us will not be afraid and doubt because they will stand firm on the ground. I don't want to bring you victory.
She said that besides the idea of ​​building a larger market, it is also necessary to build a larger market in Mawroh.
Rohit Yadav scored 60 runs off 54 balls and Prem Lama tied 43 runs off 26 balls.
Conrad said the NPP will hand over the list of MLAs this evening.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: In a statement released today, the GNLA on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Police are no different from the Taliban and alleged that they have misused their weapons to attack the Taliban. they have deceived the people instead of protecting them.
The tournament was organized by the Sports Committee Raid Nongpoh in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer.
Special Judge Ajay Kumar Kuhar sent Chidambaram for questioning and allowed him to take his medicines to jail.
Birla said that the way of life in India is environmentally friendly and therefore, development should not affect the environment.
The Principal of the school, while talking to Rupang, said that he had also met with Bah Sun, to discuss the issue and it was understood that when the Pollution Board, gave the information, clearly, so the committee will meet to make a decision on the matter.
“In this regard, the union has already sent a letter to the officers of the department and also to the Minister of the department, Marcuis N Marak but nothing has been received. but they just said that they will try and this will bring satisfaction to these workers”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh has invited the faithful to the State Procession to be held on the 12th of November at Laitumkhrah Cathedral.
“In all the blocks, the employees of the Rastriya Gram Swaraj Abhiyan (RGSA) have not received their salaries for six months.
Shillong, Nailur 14: A meeting of the Opposition was held at the residence of the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Donkupar Roy this evening.
In this regard, we request the Synod not to take any decision that will offend the people of the country and the nation.
“If it weren't the same, they would say that's the city cup, that's the village cup,” said Ksan's mother.
The fight against Covid-19 is not over yet, but the MDA government in Meghalaya has been challenged by various protests by various groups against the failure of the current government. to the authority.
But the story of the cross on Calvary is not just for the individual life of this person.
The VO has been able to set up 10 SHGs within it, establish a group of women to stand on their own feet for self-employment and In the past 3 years, the Village Organization has done many good deeds and public services in the Village especially to uplift the women.
The purpose of this award ceremony is to encourage and motivate the children and youth to continue to work hard in their education.
“It is regrettable that garbage has piled up all over Jowai and especially in front of the DC office Jowai.
He said that through the production of these types of sma iwbih through the siej bala sain from the factory in Ri Bhoi, he hopes that the people will give their support as the people have agreed to export. not only in Meghalaya but also abroad, he added.
In addition, it was also discussed that other Dept.
The government plans to operate 30 buses to transport school children and has allocated Rs 11.30 crore of which Rs 17 lakh has already been spent, he said.
He said the Sixth Schedule is not bad, but it is the inability of the leaders to implement it.
On this occasion, Bah Joshua Lyngdoh, CSC SPV, who is also the Supervisor of CSC SPV here in Meghalaya, explained in detail the government's intention to move towards the goal of eliminating or reducing the use of to use digital devices such as debit or prepaid cards, mobile and computers in the management of money, in the sale and purchase of money and other financial or banking activities.
At the same time, the HYC urges the government to take immediate action against the influx of drugs into the state which has increased day by day. entry of the drug into the state the situation will change a lot.
"As an MLA, I say it's late at night and it's been discussed in the middle of a lack of heads," she said.
Their senior leaders operate from camps in neighboring countries and are involved in bloodshed and extortion in various parts of Manipur.
Speaking on the teachers, Kong Blah said that it is through their teaching that the students understand the power and value of education.
Police are also investigating him to find out his name and motives behind his crime.
During the reign of King Klur Singh and King Sad Jir Kiri, the Sad House at Nongkrem was destroyed.
However, the members did not decide to hold any protest as they did not want to affect the prestige of the Court.
Don't you have your own Word? The Khasi language used by the Paid Khasi in their Hima areas is not the same as we write.
There is no ceiling mechanism in this regard.
There were 10 participants in this competition.
“We have seen the situation in Tripura and the Eastern Region where the indigenous land owners have been harassed and evicted by foreigners and we don't want to see such an incident happen in this country. "I'm sorry," said Bah Jyrwa.
Speaking at the meeting before the rally, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, congratulated the organizers of the program and all the children who attended. He said that it is necessary to preserve the environment and also the cleanliness of the environment. He urged the children not to throw plastic because of this. you have destroyed the environment.
Those who are infected with the disease are less likely to have knowledge until they reach the height of the disease.
“Even the puhshilum vehicles sent by the PWD department have not been able to clean up the landslide due to the severity of the landslide,” he said.
Perhaps these current challenges will continue.
Besides, he said that there are many delays, lack of accurate information from the relevant authorities and these are like obstacles to solve the problems of the people.
Application forms are available at www.mbose.
Those who smell the truth must be cut off and torn apart, and they must suffer in that smell.
Now when we travel by car, we get light from the electricity, do we think who brought the light first? It was Babu Jeebon Roy who first taught to use horse and cow carts and to facilitate the transportation of minerals such as Mawshun, coal etc. the French Government in the mining of Mawshun and Coal.
He called for the cooperation of all stakeholders and urged the members of the community to join hands to ensure that the project can be achieved through the protection of the rivers and streams. which have become the symbols of the city of Shillong.
For this reason, many of those who win MLAs independently because they can please the voters only to win the election and the issues disappear, and come back only after the election. The crowd was shocked.
Even farmers who protest are now being watched by the authorities and suspected or accused.
He said that in fact, government employees should not be banned from taking over or holding village positions because it is considered that government employees are more clear and knowledgeable about the schemes to help the people.
Shillong, July 05: The Mawlong Area Welfare Development Association (MAWDA) has demanded from the authorities to repair the ICDP Center at Mawlong Nongtluh, Ri-Bhoi.
Before leaving home, the group received a blessing from the Principal of the school, Father Sebastian Pallaty.
It will be the time to cast Satan (Lucifer) from his present abode, the Second Heaven, to the earth.
Before the immersion of the gods in the river at Byrnihat, the Hindu devotees performed their rituals and held a march by displaying the images of the gods they had made. on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District to throw the Blei in the river at Byrnihat.
The Government has announced the appointment of an Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy, comprising experts in Constitutional Law, Economics, Sociology and Demographic Studies.
In the video, Abbasalilo said that he and Shoushtari Zadeh were involved in the attacks in Cyprus.
The inspection was attended by officers from the Deputy Commissioner's Office, PWD(R) NEC Division Khliehriat, contractors, leaders and members of the Joint Action Committee of the border villages and Adviser Kynjaimon Amse.
Rupang spoke to one of the candidates who applied for the ticket, Bah Pynthymmaibor Chyne, whether he has any hope of being elected to the District Election Committee. “It depends on the wisdom of the party – I cannot say that,” said Bah Pynthymmaibor Chyne.
Bery said the Prime Minister pays close attention to the indigenous peoples and issues related to the indigenous people who are part of the country as citizens.
Before qualifying for the tournament, India will have to qualify for the FIBA ​​U16 Asian Championship 2023 SABA Qualifiers scheduled to be held in Colombo, Sri Lanka from 28th to 31st July,
This year, a total of 1028 male and female dancers participated in this weekend of dance.
He said that the group will bring up all the shortcomings of the state government and will work on other ways to remove the shortcomings in many areas.
“However, our request is that they should release the report because we don't want such incidents to happen again where they go in the middle of the night and kill people and we want to know what the investigation team has done. I have found this in my investigation into the murder of Bah Thangkhiew.
Arunachal, on the other hand, has a target of 348 runs but before the end of the match, it was reduced to 89/6 with 259 runs to reach the target.
HK Singh's admission came after the IPSC School was disqualified before the start of the tournament by the authorities after it was found that the school includes children over 14 years of age. .
Following the CPI-M, all the opposition parties, including the Congress, on Tuesday demanded an inquiry into the killing of Tripura police chief u Durga Kumar Hrangkhwal and to punish severely the robbers involved in this incident.
Besides many of the rules, it is also written that it is not allowed to shoot friends, speak badly or disturb the village, to enroll members in all the villages and villages, to set up English schools for children, not to listen. When it is written that they should sing and speak in English, an MLA or MDC should be appointed to advocate in the Legislative Assembly on the issue of alcoholics.
The order was issued by the state court because the authorities including the police have not been able to curb the smuggling in the state.
Because of the large number of Kashmiri Muslims who came from Pakistan, they took over the rule of the state.
This incident did not happen only during the month of Christmas, but the rainfall continued until the month of July and June. The farmers were forced to cut down the leaves from the trees until the month of October, which was much later than what had happened in previous years.
The court observed that the plaintiff was disabled and had the opportunity to get employment, the failure of NIOS to issue a certificate to her, affected her intention to take part in the application process.
UCIL has had to close its office in Shillong.
Shillong, July 11: U Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the government will have to consider whether to continue the call for talks with the GNLA. continue illegal activities by killing people, kidnapping, and other activities.
The speakers expressed their deep sorrow over the death of (L) Walinda Binong and demanded that the governments of Meghalaya and Rajasthan should take action to conduct an inquiry. to find out all the facts and especially for the rights of the family members of the girl.
The District Integrated Strategy for HIV/AIDS (DISHA), Khliehriat in collaboration with the Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association, as well as the Targeted Intervention Counseling Center (MCSWA, TI CC), CKDS-LWS ), OST Centre, Khliehriat, AHANA, VIAAN with the joint support of the Project Director, MACS, Shillong and the District Legal Services Authority (DSLA), East Jaintia Hills District celebrated the World Day Aids Day at the Community Hall of Dkhiah East on Thursday.
He also alleged that the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, is accustomed to inviting the Chief Ministers of other states to sign something they don't want just to show the world that he is really that leader. of the Northeast Democratic Alliance (NeDA).
Speaking to media, the President of the Khasi Jaintia Hills Adhoc School Teachers' Association (KJHASTA) and Executive Member of FASTOM, Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R, said that the purpose of the march was to They should show it to the government and inform them that the meeting they held yesterday is not over yet.
It is learned that the robbers did not recover the money inside the box.
The Constitution Bench of the Supreme Court on Tuesday decided to look into whether it is possible to call minority religions in those states where others are weak.
In this election of 2023, although many of those leaders and parties are trying to destroy the Congress party, Bah Charles Marngar said that the Congress party does not care about them. but let the people themselves judge on the state of the state where those parties which have been in power and claim to work for the people have done for the public.
Shillong, Nailar 28: A youth has been abducted by police from Mawiong to Mawprem.
Dwayne, known as Rock, is one of the strongest runners and has been called the "People's Champion"
Therefore, the old advice on morality and dignity has disappeared as it is now and who is to blame but those authorities in charge of implementing the law and those involved in it.
Stanley Massar, Rangbah Shnong of Brichyrnot, said that the residents of the area together with the MLA of the area, Shitlang Pale, have given their support to the Star Cement Company.
For this reason, the EC of Bah Basaiawmoit has ordered a thorough investigation into the office.
If marriage is only between a man or a woman, where is the saying “To nang kha nangroi?”.
The US has the highest number of cases worldwide with 6,046,060 cases, followed by Brazil with 3,764,4
Therefore, the JAC together with the Kur Wahlang Phra Kpoh strongly request the KHADC to take immediate action against the Syiem as he has violated the law and has not respected the orders of the KHADC. from the throne to end the troubles within the Hima.
On the other hand, the hearing on the matter is in court after the government has lodged a complaint against the company which is constructing the road which has caused the loss of precious lives.
Exodus 20:19.
On the other hand, the party is also preparing to try to convince Bah Embhah to withdraw his decision to leave the party especially at this time when the elections are about three months away. .
On the other hand, the YMCA Computer Training Center is inviting admission for the new batch of DCA and Tally courses which will start from July this year.
Speaking to media, JHTOA President Bah Biangshwa Shylla said that the protest will start on the 5th March from 10.00 pm.
The MDA government has been filled with debt and how many states have fallen or been ruled by the managers of banks and savings banks who have deposited money into the present MDA government. which has no way to pay back the debts it has taken from all over the country and from all the banks.
They also urged that in order to avoid any irregularities in the allocation of jobs, the roster system should be maintained and at the same time they urged all the residents of the state to respect each other. each other especially in relation to issues such as employment.
The MD of MCAB Ltd.
The Union Minister stressed on the improvement of information and the need for storytelling skills to become more successful in jobs.
Of course we understand that if the government has a problem or a lack of quarantine facilities, they have not said anything.
On this issue, there was also a discussion between the residents and the police, in which the residents sought clarification from the police regarding how to bring peace and order in the villages and especially to cooperate with the police. to the police, or to inform the police when there is any incident in the village.
You cannot compare the work of the Congress government with the NPP, which has been in front of the government for five years.
A few months ago, two laws were passed and these are the single entrance examination, which requires employment in all government offices in India, only by passing one examination and all jobs, which fall under the The departments of the Government of India will proceed through an examination and the States will no longer be required to share anything.
The husband did not hear anything and lay dead among the bodies.
At the same time, he urged these athletes to continue their sports activities and to have a goal in life until they reach the international level because of this victory. this time is just the beginning.
He said the government should accept the surrender of the HNLC on its own initiative.
The educational system in these schools will be experiment-based, holistic, integrated, game-based (especially in primary classes), encouraging children’s questioning, observing access to education, which is free and enjoyable.
Speaking on the occasion, the BDO of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah I.Lawrynïang, said that the competition was held as part of the celebration of the International Water Conclave the understanding of the participants on the importance of water and environmental protection.
In fact, it is difficult, painful, and exhausting.
He said that from the day the election date was announced or the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct till 27th June, the Election Security Forces have seized T.52.65 crore including T.52.65 crore. money, alcohol, drugs, gifts and drugs.
The theater was inaugurated by the MLA of the area, Ma Stephenson Mukhim as the chief guest, Ma Holando Lamin as the chief guest, the office bearers of the village and the crowd. wan Ban to witness together.
The Deputy Commissioner of Custom Preventive Services, North East Region, Isaac Kharkongor, said the value of the drugs is not less than T.3 crore.
Out of 300 marks, we have decided to award only 10 marks for the personal interview, while the remaining marks will be taken from the written examination,” he said.
He said that the four members who left the party have been removed from their posts and an explanation has been sought from them.
The pastor said that Mawlai village is very fortunate to have an MLA like Bah PT Sawkmie and they hope that he will continue even after
City SP Spill Thamar said the bomb was seized by Lumdiengjri PS. The SP said that police are investigating the incident to arrest those involved. They are also investigating whether it has anything to do with the election process as the incident happened in the constituency which is considered to be the most dangerous.
The call was made at 5 pm and the journalists arrived earlier along with the Rupang reporter.
Lapang said that in fact, if there is any difference in the Congress party in the state, Pala should not be like the elder brother. In the state, the MP is the elder brother to arrange,” said Bah Lapang.
Robert's first goal of the second half came when a throw went straight to him due to a lack of attention from the opposition, so he carried the ball around Dipanjan and when he had the right opportunity he scored the first goal of his team.
Khlain, who has also received an AFC A Licence, has also coached Rangdajied United FC and Ryntih SC, before leading Mawlai SC to their first title. Shillong Premier League title last year.
SURE also congratulated Angela Rangad for starting the Oxy bank with her help.
However, when the cow was picked up, she was surprised to leave and went outside. She got up from her bed and was surprised that the light in the room was on. “That's how she called Rida Rida...” Three or four times she didn't sleep. So she got up quickly and went to look in the room where she was sleeping.
“It's all just allegations but they haven't been able to produce any evidence,” James said in an interview with the media.
They said that the losses of vehicles cannot be repaired as the government has allocated only 10 percent for the repair of bad vehicles.
“This action of the government has angered us parents,” said a rangbah from Dawki.
Leaders of FKJGP and KSU including Bah Center Doloi and Bah Receive Pator expressed their gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong for taking the initiative to do charity work with their support. They stood at the village to hand over to their beloved mother for her to live in, with the prayer that she will have a healthy body with the blessings of God.
The MLAs and even the MDCs would be pleased to accept this suggestion, and request the Government of India through the Ministry of External Affairs to assist and provide this, so that the house of the Syiem of Jaintia Hills can be seen from Ancient.
Do family members, friends, especially those who have not yet experienced the Lord smell the fragrance through our lives? Does it have the power to change anyone? Do you have Christ in your life? If it is yes! Don't let it destroy our lives but let us live forward to enlighten other souls in whatever role God has placed us.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Lasting Pala, Rangbah Shnong of Umkiang, said that the village authority has already talked to the NHAI officials and has promised to repair the sky.
Poachers have been arrested for shooting skei from Ri Bhoi.
Those who have passed matriculation or class x(ten) and who have been employed by the government will not be discussed.
Guwahati: The border dispute between Assam and Mizoram has reached the ears of the Prime Minister and the Home Ministry of India. notify immediately, by phone; today to these leaders in Delhi.
Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader Richard Marak has been arrested on Tuesday on charges of inciting riots before the meeting between the Chief Minister. and party leaders, which led to a strong protest by the crowd on Monday evening in Tura.
Police said this was in violation of the High Court order prohibiting the call for curfews and the publication of any articles on curfews or road blockades.
This hospital is sufficient to upgrade it, but the government has neglected to meet its needs.
In reply, WJH lost all wickets and scored only 36 runs, while only Jinghaihun Ksoo scored 10 runs.
The Police Public Secondary School in Jowai has held a tree planting ceremony at Police Reserve Jowai with the participation of students and teachers of Police Public Secondary School. Essay, Information, and Extermpore Speech Competition.
Garo Baptist Church Fire Brigade Prayer Cell, Lumsurvey) received 50,000 tyngka.
In the past, Bengal and in some parts of Assam produced very beautiful clothes made of kynphad, but few people knew about it.
The residents of the area, who farm in the area, do not cultivate their fields for 10 years, because as soon as they have harvested the rice, they start cultivating rice, Kajor, sohlakum, do.
Some of the elders of the area, who said that the deterioration of the bridge, has caused a great deal of trouble to the people who use the bridge and how much more if the bridge collapses at any time and especially At such a time, the people living in the area use the bridge for the passage of vehicles.
The Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) phase-III, which has been pending for more than 12 years, has been delayed for completion. started working to distribute water to the villagers.
At the same time, she said that the MP does not see the problems of the people because he advocates only for the railway.
The president of the MPUF, Ma Phrang Suiam, strongly condemns any rich people who need employees and who cannot provide the necessary documents and also strongly condemns the Khasi Pnar women, wherever they go. Then he went to live with the Dkhar for ten days.
The Union Home Minister and the Prime Minister of India have been informed of these incidents.
KJDSTA said that the DCRG, which has introduced the 4th Pay Commission of T.7 lakh, has received the 3rd Pay Commission of T.3 lakh and those who have retired after the 5th Pay Commission have also received the 4th Pay Commission. T.3 lakh and a half.
He said that they have enough medicines and 65 percent of the ICU beds and 700 beds with oxygen have been allocated.
To remove the words “male” and replace them with the words “Khasi Adult Residents” To amend the Executive Dorbar of Hima Mylliem by replacing the rule in which the leaders of the Hima Mylliem shall be present i) Dorbar Raid Ri Them ii ) Rangbah Shnong Union iii) Mylliem Youth Union iv) Mylliem Hima Longkmie Union and v) Nominated Representatives of the Hima Sohra. The Hima Assembly shall be a member of the Executive Hima Assembly.
In fact, it weighs more than 6 tons in Beltola.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) led by the President of the HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, got off seven vehicles but when they reached the top of the Mawkdok Bridge, the police patrolling there did not allow them and released them. The SP of East Khasi Hills has been arrested.
" Wanbok replied. His father advised him not to worry, believing that he was going to leave.
I, Bah Amos S.Kharshiing, say that we have the right to strengthen the 6th Schedule and to get the ILP like other States in the North East.
SWSRJ President Arminius Lipon said that the district has been left behind especially Jowai which is the capital of West Jaintia Hills district. call upon all to maintain unity and peace and to eliminate differences.
This comes after these schools won the final match which was held on Saturday at the East Jaintia Hills District Sports Association Stadium in Dienchynrum.
On the other hand, PRO of OIL Bhairab Bhuyan said that the wind blew when they started trying to draw oil from the oil well at Baghjan village.
Geant said he thought that the three fish had collapsed, but when he saw the satellite image, he found that nothing had happened.
He said that after this, the Council may even have its own Research Center to expand the work of the Committee.
Many of the heroes of the Jaidbynriew have emerged for the great future, but where else will they go if nothing can be brought to the Rynsan of the people.
The program was organized to disseminate information on various aspects of Yoga for health and well-being.
:The new song “Ha kata ka ning” is sung by Khasi singer, Khraw Umdor and has been released this year.
On this occasion, the HFU congratulates the District Council and also the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
As the speaker of the state legislature suggested, as one of the representatives of the people I should follow as soon as possible.
Gail, who is known as the ieid of the people, said that the Khasi-Pnar community is descended from the mother and it would be good if the women could also sit in the district dorbar to strengthen it. to the custom, to strengthen the law.
He urged the engineers not to stick to the old ideas but to adopt new ideas or techniques in the light of today for the benefit of the society.
Protects against cold and heat: Plants or leaves are able to produce 97% of the air they produce.
Shillong: The HANM and KSU have expressed their gratitude to the Dor Bar Shnong Lumdieng Jri for welcoming the illegal immigrants into the village.
Shillong: As the Government of Meghalaya has announced a curfew in all parts of the country to combat the spread of COVID-19 until 14th June, 2020, the Seng Khasi Kmie, sa Once again, it requests all the branches of the Seng Khasi across the Bri Hynniewtrep to follow strictly the directives and regulations of the Central Government as well as the State Government in order to eradicate this disease, which it is like a plague, which has struck the whole earth.
In terms of household affairs in the Marwein Kur, he was a trusted and respected rangbah of the Kur and he held the post of Secretary of the Kur from 1965 onwards until he took over the post. Chairman until two changes.
In this regard, the parents expressed their desire to know the letter No. or the terms of the order that the DHS has received from the Government of India.
"In Meghalaya there is no life, but only sorrow, doubt and despair.
There are currently 336 new cases and 647 cases in 14 states. These were those who attended a Tablighi Jamaat service in Nizamuddin, Delhi.
A fact finding team from the Northeast Technical Support Unit (NETSU) recently visited these two centers in Jowai and Lad. It is alleged that these Centers have registered many people to show that they are working properly and to get more funds from MACS and NACO. However, it was said that in fact the availability of names of people and the receipt of relief items does not matter.
Speaking to reporters, Pastor Pyrtuh said that the Supreme Court has heard 18 times on their complaint regarding the Aadhaar number. it’s the 19th time.
“It is an example to others that the Rangbah Shnong of Siejlieh unite the youth through sports and let the talent you have not end here, but believe that from this village will come the stars of sports who will bring “It will honor the village, the state and the country as a whole in the future,” he said.
Pastor Bryan Nerren, who was released from prison in June this year, attended a meeting convened by the US President at the Oval Office of the White House along with many others. America, who have been released from prisons in various other countries.
Dr Sutnga said that according to the report they have received from their visit to the villages, in 2023 the areas where malaria is still prevalent will be only in the villages where there is still malaria. Riangdim area which is a village on the border with East Garo Hills District.
“Mom, I'm gone,” said Hiram to his mother who was standing in the room. “Get up,” she said without looking.
The Lion Mission Compound, Jowai will be another village which will impose restrictions on the candidates of the Jowai Constituency when they come to campaign within the boundary of the village.
It is because those who have grown up have bad behavior and the children who are young and small in mind will follow suit.
The HC will have bars, restaurants, accommodation for tourists, about 25 shops, a Tourism Information Center and others.
She further announced the grounds on which she stands against the decision of the NGT which affects the lives and livelihoods of the people, who are more precious than others.
“We will meet, the closure is not yet open for any discussion or meeting in this regard, I want them to come and meet and discuss,” he said.
Ri-Bhoi Police Chief Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said that after receiving a tip on the presence of a truck carrying drugs, Ri-Bhoi Police conducted a search operation at Umsaw Road. They also seized a truck number NL 01 AH 5853 and after searching, they found about 280 bags of marijuana packed in plastic bags.
Bah Syiem urged the KHADC to take action against this company to protect the poultry farmers in the state.
Lajong have nine points from Group D from three games and are unbeaten in the U-18 Youth League.
To clean the grounds so that the children can avoid getting dirty during the rainy season.
He also strongly criticized the MDA government for treating the teachers unfairly until they had to take to the streets to protest against the government.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Friday announced a temporary suspension of the indefinite strike.
Like those living things and creatures that help to improve and maintain the environment or ecosystem, let us human beings who are the most special creatures of the Creator take on a heavy responsibility. to improve and preserve this environment which sustains and feeds us every day and to restore the ecological balance which is on the verge of death.
Abhay Negi got 2/10, Kilco Marak 2/18, Akash Kumar Choudhary 2/26, Sanjay Yadav 1/12 and Aditya Singhania 1/1
Listen to the children's words, “There is no one who can do it”;
Shillong, November 18: Thirteen families from Patharkhmah village including Bah Elos Syiem, Livingstone Rani, Shondar Lyngdoh, Sarbarin Sangkli, Pyior Sangkli, CB Sangkli, Nai Makri, Pointries and others have left for the funeral service. Najim Kharmalki, former Sordar of Patharkhmah, who is also the Vice Chairman of the WRBDC, to assist them as the village has sent their names to the Jirang C&RD Block for the purpose of applying. The Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) has been disappeared and its name has been changed to other people.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the doctors of the Cancer Wing and Civil Hospital Shillong, Dr Ampareen said that cancer is one of the most common diseases in the state. which has also taken many lives.
“There is no doubt that the State has taken these measures to ensure that the illegal coal mining will not be allowed to move safely,” she said.
As we always remember the words of John Milton:.
The counting of votes will be held on 13th June at the State Central Library, Shillong.
In a statement, it was recalled that in the budget for 2019-20, the customs duty on gold is 10 to 12.5 percent, while the GST is 3 percent. , from what used to be ten per cent during the VAT era.“There is a sharp decline in the purchase of gold these days and there are thousands of jewelers, who would have lost their jobs in the “The Vice-Chairman of the council, Shaankar Sen.
According to a statement, on 19th July 2023, after receiving a tip from the residents of Lumshnong Police Station, they received a phone call from the police. They did not know who had demanded the money and if they did not pay the money, their lives would be in danger.
When she had fulfilled all her duties according to the plans of Lei Shillong, she went back to her father.
I also hope that we will be able to conclude the discussion and reach a final decision of the meeting together," he said.
What caused them to flee will be explained here as the story progresses.
The ceremony was held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma as the chief guest in the presence of Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports as the Chief Guest.
“The JAC has held a meeting with the village leaders of the area and has decided to lodge a complaint in the court against the Dhar Company which has constructed this road. ".
Nongpoh: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday confirmed two units, the Sohkhwai Unit and the Shakoikuna Unit in Ri Bhoi District. He urged the members of the KSU to be brave for the sake of their country and nation.
Hearing various cases related to the illegal mining and transportation of coal, the High Court has also directed the Assam government to take care of those people who have already been sentenced by the court. bail yesterday to avoid arrest.
The Union also requested the Mayor of Mawhati to talk to the MDA government and requested the District authorities of Ri-Bhoi to take action for the sake of peace and order.
Speaking to reporters, Mersilin Marwein said that their protest is against the government's demand to increase the daily wage from T.5000/-. - shine.
“He said that AMDA has put forward the demands before the government since 2019, to create a special allocation for young dancers and young singers or (Finance Assistant) and to bring in a place for young dancers and singers. training of young people at the Institute.
The school scored an own goal or a missed goal.
As usual every year many schools especially non-government schools take advantage of the school holidays and often it seems that this is the right time for them once a year.
Similarly, we often find that there are some people who take advantage, who intend to do evil, in order to benefit someone.
All the residents of Mawlai from the youth to the parents are requested to take part in the Rally Peacefully, said a statement from Ka Sur Ki Nong Mawlai.
I also learned to spell my name using sign language.
The program was conducted by MDC Khliehriat.
For many days at home we had to sit still,I felt like the night and day were getting longer.
Not only that, it was also discussed clearly, on the lack of attention of the broadcasting department of the state government, in which not a single news release can be published in Khasi language. the prime minister, too, is very concerned.
Because various schools and colleges accept first the students who come first in their results.
If we read the contribution of the poet Soso Tham, it is meaningful when you don't understand his words.
“The party will form a Government with like-minded parties free from corruption charges.
Meanwhile, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that the decision on the VAB will be taken by the District Council Affairs Department of the Government and the Governor to amend the requirements of the Council.
He asked who decided to impose and extend the curfew, whether it was the CMO (Chief Minister's Office) or where the curfew was issued.
But since the brother could not fight with the brother, he asked the father for the wealth that he should have received.
Publicity Secy- Before Live 10.
The EJNC under the leadership of its President, Sambormi Lyngdoh, Allmiki Ryngkhlem, Vice President and others today visited the Lunar River which flows into the Lukha River.
The RiBhoi Entertainment Society invites all Khasi filmmakers and producers to witness the talent of the Bhoi people so that it will be a way for them to sing in films in the state.
In Mumbai, the number of cases of COVID-19 has risen to
Dr. Hosterson Kylla has been selected to go for training in England through the selection of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Department of Biotechnology, Government of India. Dr. Hosterson Kylla, will specialize in microbiology.
Show Laloo December 31, 2022 There is nothing wrong with that.
In the second half, the Youth Congress players managed to turn the tide by scoring four goals, which led to the Youths Congress win 5-3 against the Congress Parent's Body.
Some of them have been employed as teachers in the villages.
Furthermore, non-perishable materials such as plastic can be recycled and non-perishable materials such as metal or other materials can be marketed in consultation with the sellers.
The meeting will be held at the Bharat Mandapam.
The Center displays small cut soh in tins.
This happened on the 8th of this month at Rymbai Ïawpynsin at 10:45 pm.
“We understand you sir, that you need to meet your girlfriend, but this doesn't fall under our rules.
Sangma, See Ch.
Therefore, the youth should be brainwashed, search for information and fearlessly ask questions and discuss issues and the life and death of the State.
Therefore, the following rules and regulations of the Model Thup-adong Kyntokam will be continued as follows: During the meeting, some of the political parties supported the distribution of such guidelines, others argue that it is their right and duty for their followers to propose and promise to the Dulir-juban-tyrwa in a democratic politics.
At present, the field covers only 120 acres.
Jesus was not speaking this only to the Jews or to his disciples, but to the present world as well.
“From these words of the above heroes we understand that each and every one of us (the Khasi children) should have a responsibility for our country and nation.
The Union of Catholic Elders of the Jowai Diocese invites all the members of the Union, the Fathers, Mothers and Youth of the Diocese to come and take part in the Holy Mass. at the afternoon preaching service of the Union.
The total cost (land and construction costs) of the Land Port is T.83.38 crore.
Be careful not to spread false stories, but spread hope.
Furthermore, another player spins the team; The 16th ranked player, who has been successful in his return to the sport after several months of injury, has now moved up to 16th place after winning the title. Player-of-the-Match' in his ability to win the award in the Border-Gavaskar Trophy.
The items donated to the household include 2 computers, 15 Tusok, 30 Syngkhlieh, 20 cleaning clothes, 100 kilos of rice, 2 filters. Um, 30 bottles of Borty, 30 bottles of Tapmoh Khlieh, 2 bottles of Jain Phong, 30 bottles of plastic bags, 20 kilograms of Dai, 50 kilograms of Phan, 50 kilograms of Piat, 20 kilograms of Rajma, 20 kilograms of Umphniang. , 2 cupboards, Kettles, Mok, Brut Shutbniat, Colkets, Water Bottles, Mluh, Let for writing and other items necessary for reading.
“My contest for the 2023 election is that I want to turn to this area and this is the suggestion of my fellow party members that I should contest the 2023 election,” he added.
The KSU has already lodged a complaint at the Umkiang Police Patrol Post and sent a copy to the Ranger Forest Officer Umkiang Range, Apha, the Divisional Forest Officer (Territorial) Jowai, West Jaintia Hills and the Minister of Forest Affairs. “Suspected stone traders from Assam have tried to enter the area and it has been witnessed that Assam has already built a road to the Malidor River near the Malidor River. 13/01/2021 The residents of Ratacherra have come out to block the construction of the road and have thrown heavy stones in the middle of the road,” said KS Suchiang. .
The court said that the use of condoms does not mean that the police should prosecute those involved as prostitutes. , they should be kept and cared for for 2 or 3 years.
Besides Onataah, a film from the state titled 'U Syiem', a film about Tirot Sing Syiem, will also be screened.
It is very dangerous to spread false or fabricated news because it will only prolong the conflict.
Ankita Sharma's performance for Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday helped the team reach the final of the U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament. Umbuda, Nongpoh.
Shanborlang Kharwanphlang contributed 39 runs from 35 balls along with Hamid Sohtun who tied 19 runs from 12 balls.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has tweeted his condolences on the passing away of Irfan Khan, one of the most famous Bollywood stars.
At the same time, the Cabinet also approved some changes in the Police Department by reducing the distance of the physical test from 10 km to 5 km.
Ma Heirta Suting, candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) from Mowkaiaw Constituency, allegedly came to the polling station at about 3:30 PM and tried to force the polling station, half an hour before the polling station. for.
Speaking to reporters today, the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said that the Rangbah Shnongs have been able to perform their duties. as previously employed in accordance with the rules and regulations of the District Council.
It is also noted that the state government has announced that it has allocated three acres of land to these people who live in Them Ïewmawlong and this land is adjacent to the RP Chest. The hospital is located in Upper Mawprem.
These coal mining factories have GPS coordinates 25.4972618, 90.9020125, 25.4978283, 90.9024058 and
We should not forget the protests against the expulsion of the authorities by the Assam Students' Union (AASU), the authorities who smuggled in after the Bangladesh war of 1971-7
The new cabinet government in Meghalaya will have to clean up the mess to increase revenue.
Wa-isa Sumer, teacher of Govt Girl's Higher Secondary School, said that as it is the first day of school, there are still few children. .
“Some people have asked me but I haven't said anything.
It has continued even if it has not been said, that all these evils have been due to the extremely high rate of unemployment across J-K," the Lok Sabha MP said in a speech with people at a meeting held in Budgam district.
“As a young man who has graduated from Theology, I cannot reject Pastor Shanlang, because I see his spirit of service to the people and especially his vision which has hope for us young people,” he said. said Bah Thabah.
He said he has ordered the residents to temporarily shelter in schools and dorbar halls in the village to avoid the rain and wind while the government is looking for relief measures.
On the 29th at 10 pm, police found a body at 7 mer Upper Shillong.
Tura, March 09 : As part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the District Sports Officer in collaboration with the District Administration of West Garo Hills Tura has organized a Fit India Run in Tura. .
Also present on the occasion were Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning, Bah A Lyngdoh SDO, PHE Umsning Division, Bah Garland Sun District Co-Order of SBM, Bah Orbin Nongrang Rangbah Shnong. , along with the local residents.
Fenela contested the Mawthadraishan MLA election from the HSPDP in 2013 but was defeated by the UDP candidate HB Nongsiej.
Stephanson Pale (40'penalty & 60') and Nickyboy Swer (46') scored the second goal.
She said that to eradicate TB in the state requires the cooperation of all parties and as a Minister in the new government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA 2.0) under the leadership of the Chief Minister. , Conrad K Sangma and the Cabinet, congratulated all the doctors who provide physical and spiritual services to the TB patients in the state.
Earlier, a meeting was attended by MLA of Jowai 2 Wailadmiki Shylla, MDC JHADC Otomewot Lamin, elders of Chutwakhu and others.
It is a free will that no one wants to participate in such a work.
He said the Government has almost completed its review of the CBSE mathematics and science subject and will soon take its decision.
Expressing her gratitude to the Minister and the Department of Arts and Culture of the State Government for the development of film production in the state, Kong Simi Khongtiang also appealed to the people to donate. support by coming to see this film.
They had to leave school more and more to take part in meetings or election campaigns and when they came to school they talked only about politics until late.
Besides Salaroh FC, other teams that have qualified for the semi-finals are Rymbai Shkenshynriah FC, CSA Dienchynrum and United Mukhla FC. The semi-finals will be played on the 29th and 30th.
Corruption is a form of corruption that no person can escape.
Among those arrested are those who have been registered at Rynjah Police Station and charged under Section 454/380 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for escaping from the Civil Hospital Covid Ward on the 6th of this month. date of this month.
The livelihood of the indigenous people in the border areas, along with the agriculture inherited from their ancestors, has also become the farmers and guardians of the border of Meghalaya.
My follower used to sit in front of her and they used to tell stories and laugh and that killed me,” said Rogers.
The MLAs also said that the Manipur government supports these perpetrators who are involved in this bloodshed.
The most wanted in Israel is Yahya Sinwar, the chief of Hamas in Gaza.
The program was organized by the JN Sports Complex, Polo.
Innocia Tympuin scored the first goal for Lawei in the first minute.
On the other hand, the Minister has directed the district authorities to immediately repair the bridge and to ensure that there will be no shortage of food items in the neighboring villages.
“Those who think only to make money don't have time to think carefully about the foundation of the nation, even though the nation is in the middle of the night, they try to take advantage to make money especially those traders. who don't understand the progress of the work,” said Bah Syiem.
Here it is clear that Jesus is the only Lamb of God to be sacrificed on the cross to take away the sins of the world.
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: U Kevin Lumlang M Khonglam, 24, has started opening a pharmacy called Glory Pharmacy in Umsning Proper A after completing his education and training. I'm from Assam Down Town University.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the state government is currently implementing 99 projects which have already been approved for the year 2020-2
On the other hand, Bah George B.Lyngdoh, said that the area needs to have adequate colleges, as it is already an area with many villages and many students. , therefore, if there are adequate educational institutions, it will help those students who want to pursue higher education and especially those who come from low-income families.
From Mawkynrew, the contest will be between former MLA and MDC Martle N Mukhim of the HSPDP, Olet Kharsahnoh of the Congress and others.
“Now the police have done their best by monitoring and monitoring those drug traffickers in the state.
We don't know how they brought the cows and where they paid.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Seng Samla Hima Langrin, Bah PS Lyngdoh, said that the Seng condemns the creation of the Management Board by Syiem Nangtei and the Ministers. thousand of the kingdom, claiming that the king had misappropriated the kingdom’s funds.
On another topic, Dr Manmohan Singh said that the economy has not recovered at all, after the slowdown in the loss of funds and the urgent implementation of the GST. , only those who are interested in joining part-time job, is vestige,, if you are interested please call
Conrad K Sangma, after opening the Cabinet meeting, said that the government authorities through the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) East Khasi Hills (EKH) have received information about the incident. The market will be closed on 21st October
Bah Mayral Born urged all the women to work harder in the coming days to achieve their goals. para members for all these reasons have not brought about the pain and suffering.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Nongpdeng CC and Metallica CC won the two matches of the Shillong Cricket League 2nd Division tournament which was played at Urkaliar Stadium today.
The election for CEM will be held on July 20 at 11 pm,” he said.
The almanac for the upcoming session was approved at a meeting of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) chaired by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, last month.
The Government last year launched the iTEAMS where farmers can get information on agriculture, prices and other information on agriculture by calling
Later, he was able to express in the opening words of the Khasi Anthem 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi I Love You'
South Tura has become vacant after NPP MLA Agatha Sangma resigned from the post of MLA to allow her brother Conrad to contest the election so that if he wins, he can continue to lead the government. .
The badge, which was posted at the offices of the TMC party, also has the words save Meghalaya, vote for TMC and another message reads Goodbye Inpt led MDA. TMC offices in Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills as well.
The death toll has risen to 3,981, bringing the total to 36,1
“Besides, he also strongly criticized Bah Ardent for his lack of responsibility for bringing about development works in Nongkren constituency.
Shillong: The residents of Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills, have demanded that the government should improve the accommodation of the police patrolling in the village.
Before the rally in the House, Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy said, “Today, a television channel broadcast a news item saying that the government The state has started electricity supply.
Unfortunately, the MLAs and Ministers have to face a salary cut and this will be the first time for all the 60 MLAs to be cut their salaries, even if it is the a very important and important issue.
He said that all these are the illegal activities of those who used to go fishing in the river, who used to carry kyiad and after they had finished drinking, the bottles of kyiad were broken without being found.
Arpash D Sangma of West Garo Hills District won the first prize while Sub Inspector Sagar Sharma of CID and Inspector Clever D Shira won the second prize. of South West Garo Hills who also received the award.
Liverpool have announced that they have signed a World Cup winner from Brighton & Hove Albion. Argentina's Alexis Mac Allister has signed a contract for 55 million pounds ($69 million).
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Revolution MMA Gym in collaboration with the Kinetic Urban Gym at Jingkieng Nongthymmai Indoor Hall has joined hands to hold an MMA tournament on Saturday.
St Viani School explained and showed the fridge thermostat.
So far, no leaders from the party have come to Shella to campaign for the BJP candidate except those from the state like Bah Sanbor Shullai and others.
The shooting tournament will start from tomorrow from 21st to 27th November 2023 at the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong.
Even young children are sometimes sent by parents to schools where the education is not appropriate for their knowledge or ability.
Myntri Rangbah Duh also addressed the athletes from all over the country who will take part in the National Games.
“We as FASTOM have special sympathy for the teachers in private schools because their salary is only 3,000 or 4,000 and if they protest the school owners will expel them and the time has come for the government to issue The salary of teachers in private schools should also be in line with the per capita income in the state,” said Samla Mayborn.
The two constituencies include West Tripura and East Tripura – constituencies led by BJP MPs. ensuring the availability of food items in various parts of the state at all times and that those who benefit from the NFSA continue to receive what they deserve.
Bhatia was arrested for taking T.40,000 from a PhD student under his supervision.
Acts 2:1-4
It is indeed a shocking news for the people of the state and the Sohiong constituency because only 14 days after they called for a bomb after the UDP candidate, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh won the election from Sohiong in 13 January 2023.
According to the letter, the company has donated to the NPP party through a check drawn on the State Bank of India, Guwahati Branch.
He was first treated at Bethany and had a headache and was sent to NEIGRIHMS for further testing but it was found not to be the disease and he had a respiratory illness and was placed in a special hospital. said Dr War.
Step 5.
In the end, you don't have to trust yourself, but you're all right.
This agreement will be with a leading Medical College in the country, to start the Tura Medical College.
W.Lyngdoh, Jt.
Lyngdoh said all those arrested are under police investigation for further investigation.
I want us to follow the traditions of our ancestors.
She also acknowledged that the party's MLAs who remain will win again this time, even after the political turmoil.
In the tied game, Ankita (15), Monica Lyngdoh Phawa (11) and Awesa (10) scored the most runs.
The tournament will be inaugurated by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Government of Meghalaya while the MLA of the area will be the chief guest. and symbol congress.
It may be recalled that on the 24th of July, the bridge collapsed while the contractors were trying to throw slep on the bridge. Five people were employed on the bridge which was constructed by M/S Dhar Construction Company.
Shillong, November: The Composite Regional Center for Skills Development, Rehabilitation and Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities (CRC-Shillongka) has launched its website – to provide information to help people with disabilities. and also society as a whole.
Angkit then joined hands with Kishlay Vishlux and the two scored 84 runs for the ninth wicket.
He said the ticket price is the lowest among the clubs participating in Major League Soccer although there are those who are lower in the vote of the public.
"Kong Lumspah said again, "If I know, I will be wise," replied the father of the children.
Referring to the riots by the Seng Bhalang in Shillong, Conrad said that the people are afraid to walk on the streets in Shillong after that incident. “It means that the government is listening, their police are working hard overtime to bring peace and order at such times”.
To achieve this, the Central TB Division together with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government have launched the National Strategic Plan for TB Elimination (2017-25).
Lapang, Chairman of the Jirang Block Youth Congress Committee, incumbent MDCs Artist Rani, Comfort Doloi, William Mynsong and Victor Rani.
The cham-pioneship has helped to instill the spirit of fighting among the participants and also to promote the sport especially in the state.
Shillong, March 28: The Teacher Organizational Program Cum Seminar (TOD) of AMPSTA which started on the 23rd and ended on the 25th.
Shillong, March 17: The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, is deeply saddened to receive the news of the passing away of Rangbah Don Kupar Dkhar, President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, on the morning of on March 15, 2023.
Shillong, Lber 6: U Shri Mumtaz Ali has lodged a complaint with the police that the Municipal authorities in the presence of the police have seized his goods including biscuits and other food items which he used to sell nearby. Lady Hydari Park, Shillong but they did not give back the slip to show the seized goods and did not return the goods.
Hyderabad Football Club, one of the biggest clubs in the country in the ISL, has also won the title for the 2021-2022 season.
The Mawlai 18 Social Service Organization (M:18-SSO) invites all the villages in the district of Mawlai to take part in the Christmas Cup Football Tournament 2018 which will start on the 8th, November, 2018 at Heh Mini Stadium.
Prison is not the end of the chain of drug addiction.
Besides, Section 144 CrPC has been imposed in these villages, which is also a warning to the people to leave their homes, except in case of emergency such as illness. along with other unavoidable activities.
The Khasi Students Union, East Jaintia Hills District, through the President, Bah Streamly.
In the evening, many people including the elderly and young people flocked to encourage Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit until 10 pm.
The Principal was asked for an explanation on this violation of the rules and regulations of the government.
He said that the office of the Shillong Municipal Board has already been relocated to the temporary office and the government is preparing to relocate those working in government departments to this quarter.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: U Bah SF Lyngdoh, Project Manager, MRDS-Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that on the night of the 12th of this month, unidentified robbers stole a sound system worth t. 15,000 tyngka from their office vehicle number ML-04A-1871, which was parked at Circuit House, Jowai (WJH).
Metbah Lyngdoh said he has received a letter from TMC General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee congratulating and welcoming the 12 MLAs who have joined the TMC. Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that although they are no longer affected by the party law, the office of the Lamphang will have to consider all the requirements to ensure that these measures are taken. shim those who are according to the law.
The film is the highest grossing film of all Shahid Kapoor's films.
In the Word of God there is wisdom, there is power to rule and authority over all.
Speaking on the occasion, Shibun said, “The BJP will not nominate a prime ministerial candidate in the state as it is still new and will choose the best candidate after the elections”.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The High Court has ordered the state government, through the health department, to inspect and find out whether the construction of mobile towers has affected the health of the people. Radiation that comes out.
Dominic Sungoh of Mulait United won the Player of the Match award, top scorer K. Lalchhuansanga Khiangte of Latyrke SCSC won the Player of the Match award and Kenio Lyngkhoi of Mulait United won the Goalkeeper of the Tournament award.
Lukhu's Anal scored 45 runs from 30 balls while Vijay Rai scored 20 runs from 10 balls.
Leaders of the Federation of Khasi State have expressed their opposition to the Government of India's proposal to amend the Indian Forest Act 1927, Forest Conservation Act 1980, Coal Mines Nationalization Act Mines Regulation, 2017, Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules 2016, Mines Act 1952, Biodiversity Act 2002, Biodiversity Rules 2004, Wildlife Protection Rules 1995 Because this will be the reason for the violation of the rights of the indigenous people over the land, waters, rivers and forests.
“I send my condolences to my wife, children and family members. May God bless them, because we know that life and death are the order of the Lord. Maheh HDR Lyngdoh has been an MLA of Sohiong Constituency for 25 years, and as an MDC. look at many branches.
In a letter sent to the General Secretary of the Muktapur Dorbar Shnong, Bah Banediction Buam, the Muktapur Dorbar Shnong has said that the land in Muktapur APL since 1947 has been in India or within the border of the Muktapur Dorbar Shnong. Meghalaya where the residents used to go fishing in the rivers in this area, but since 2010 Bangladeshis have started to turn to APL Muktapur.
“Rahul is qualified to take over this post, I hope the party will take this decision,” he said.
“There is an allegation that the outbreak of the coronavirus is God's plan to test because the society in China whether it is in politics, customs especially if you talk and give proper advice about the faith in God. , that has been arrested,” said Pastor Sohklet while distributing the news at the 18th KJP Synoh Mihngi service held at Dkhiah, Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kyrmen said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has already taken action on this issue and has directed the department to release the money without delay. .
Whatever mankind does is the wisdom that comes from the LORD. Then we understand that there is only one who is wise and shares with us the knowledge that nothing can be done in the world.
According to the directive of the Election Commission of India, the Rangbah Shnongs are requested to announce to the public in their villages to check and review the Draft Photo Electoral Roll carefully, so that there will be no errors.
“As a group we have played our part in the development of the state in the last 50 years and the work we have done has been witnessed even in the remotest parts of the state,” he said. said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the youths said that the incident happened while they were standing inside the ground floor of Banalari World Cars. Runners.
He said he wants the RTA to take immediate action to resolve the issue as he does not want to create a difference of opinion between the stem taxis and the jyrngam taxis.
Besides the religion, he said that although they are only a small number of Khasi, there are many Khasi who work as officials in the offices of the Bangladesh government. A Khasi who has been the Chief Secretary to the Government of Bangladesh, said that the Garo people have also been able to raise intellectuals in the country, one of whom is the Social Welfare Officer. Minister of the Government of Bangladesh.
One of the villages is Tiehbah Nongstoiñ, where the farmers have suffered severe losses after the floods have swept away almost all the crops and many of them have been flooded. .
Tina Lakiang in her speech expressed her gratitude to the Sisters who have taken the initiative to work for the improvement of the education of the children and wished that in the future there will be many more. children who will be trained for these famous dances of India.
“However, what is shocking is that the police chiefs of Laban PS on their own initiative went to the residence of one of the non-Khasi children and urged him to come to the police station and later forced him. He did not file a complaint against another group of Khasi.
Secretary, Mrs. King.
Leaders of DRSRBD led by Bah CB Syiem who is also Chairman of NTC, Bah Eddie G Kharbani Finance Secretary of DRSRBD, Bah S.Kharkongor Rangbah Shnong Umlyngkdait and others. They visited the DTO office to inspect the site where the government plans to install a weighbridge.
Jowai, Naiwieng 08: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
The National Law University Ordinance 2022 was approved by the Cabinet of Meghalaya on 4th July
Furthermore, Barak Valley Khasi Jaintia Welfare Organization (BVKJWO), KSU-BVC visited the village and found that all the crops of four families have been damaged by the officers of the Forest Department under Lowerpoa. Range.
He said that the talks between the HNLC, the state government and the central government are continuing from time to time to start the second phase of the peace talks.
Shillong, March 17: U Bah John F Kharshiing today received a phone call from the PS of the President of the Republic of India, he said that the President has accepted the offer to meet with the Chief Executive Members. The President has also scheduled a meeting on the 21st of this month at 5 pm at the Governor's House at Raj Bhawan.
Then, to Babu Kenny Mathew Majaw, Assistant Teacher and Scout Master of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat and Babu Insyrpaihun Kharlyngdoh, Assistant Teacher and Guide Master of Women's Church, Mawkyrwat Presbytery Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Shillong, June 21: An unidentified robber has tied up a woman identified as Kong Batemon Jyrwa at Madan Umlyngka, Laimer Upper Shillong while she was leaving a shop. to his house.
The competition will start at 10 pm.
In you, O village, I was born and raised. In you, O village, I grew up and grew up. In you I received food and drink.
The most food from the shetja, the most meat and blood from the slaughterhouses.
Lamin said that they could not talk to his wife to get information, but he said, “My wife is crying”.
As the days went by, Niakha couldn't wait any longer because she recognized the forgetfulness of Rida's mother.
Onana will fill the void left by De Gea, who left Old Trafford as a free agent after 12 years with the club.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District (UWA) has discussed the problems faced by the people at a meeting held on Saturday at Ladthadlaboh.
Before appointing a new DGP, there was a demand to appoint him, but the government appointed LR Bishnoi, Chief Superintendent of Police, Assam.
John 16:7-8.
“We have an understanding between us because we want that feeling of belonging to us to fall into our hearts even though there are constituencies where the contest is between the UDP and HSPDP and not others. they are politicians," he said.
After finding the former policeman involved in serious crimes, the court sentenced him to imprisonment under the POCSO and Indian Penal Code.
“The NGT has made it clear that it will not allow coal mining until now.
470 recovered and 19 dead.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: A three-member team of inquiry appointed by the government to investigate the allegation of sleeping in a residential area, today took an inquiry into the case of a young woman.
Also present on the occasion were Bah SS Syiemlieh, Block Development Officer Mawshynrut C&RD Block and Bah Lamriche Kharmon, EAC Mawshynrut. The students of the school who participated actively on this day.
The sale and purchase should be carefully monitored and vigilant, as it has appeared in the newspapers in these days and from time to time, the entry of foreigners into the rural areas and markets. they are going to offer the goods.
Check : You don't have to search or check without knowing what you don't have or don't have.
On the other hand, the JSU and JYF strongly condemned this unfounded news which has misled the people.
The Bible in the book of Revelation speaks of a new Heaven and a new Earth and at the same time speaks of the False Christ and this False Christ does not like and does not like to talk about the good of mankind because that he is a thief, a robber, a violent man, a greedy man, a greedy man, a greedy man, and a greedy man who wants to rule and enslave mankind.
I express my deep sorrow over this behavior of the Laitnongrem Sohiong Police Outpost, because it has violated the law by creating discrimination and slander because such slander often leads to tragic incidents.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Wanllam Kupar Kharpran of Ryntih FC, said that the team has been able to get a soskular with the Max Sports Academy. Max Sports Academy has close ties with several clubs in Spain and Portugal.
Shortly after, media reports said that the opposition has sent a letter of no confidence to the Legislative Wing of KHADC no longer trusting the current EC. The opposition has said that it will dissolve the EC, although Adelbert has made it clear that he will not take part in the dissolving of the EC. He said that there are more people who have joined them while on the ruling side, Bah PN Syiem said that his EC is still strong with the joining of the opposition.
Office Secretary – Dawn Dkhar.
“That’s something I don’t agree with the opposition to the casino.
The truth is that they are less expensive and cannot be used by everyone.
The President of KAS, Dr.DRL Nonglait, said that the KAS has demanded from the state government to recognize the Khasi language as the Official Language of the State. The Meghalaya Language Act, 2005, because at present Khasi is the Associate Official Language in the State while English has been made the Official Language.
(ii) Suggestions, whichever are good, should be accepted and employees should work with free will (iii) education, health, energy and roads, will be implemented in front of (iv) the activities of the Government shall be made public and shall be made public in the allocation of Government services and other activities.
Noting that the peace talks have started, he said, “The State Government is determined to ensure that the talks will reach a conclusion as soon as possible.
Speaking to media, Rymbui said the report released by the Government of India on the point system for education in the states across the country is for the past year. , but the decision taken by the government this year will be revealed next year.
To curb this, the police department has directed all the SPs of the districts to conduct a search operation.
He said that the talks with these 22 villages are not about the differences or the border crossing but to return these villages to Meghalaya.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) South West Khasi Hills District today held a rally.
The Minister said this in reply to a question by the UDP MLA from Mawkyrwat, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar.
Earlier, Bah Paul Lyngdoh asked for clarification that various political parties like RBYF, HNYF, KSU, and FKJGP have held a flag raising ceremony in Nongpoh to demand the full appointment of contract workers. .
He admitted that the police had written that if they did not come out, they would be prosecuted according to the law.
In a petition sent to the DC, the group of pig farmers, said that according to their information, the Meghalaya State Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, The rules have been issued on the transportation of pigs from one state to Meghalaya.
“Meghalaya borders with Assam where there are unresolved areas and they should be resolved as others can take advantage of these areas.
" Due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the state and to prevent, the DC has directed the public to follow the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare during the entry of name.
Read.
Those from East Khasi Hills include 6 cases from Lumbatngen, 9 cases from Lummawie, 8 cases from Mawkohmon, 26 cases from Mawlai, 5 cases from Mawphlang, 12 cases from Nongmynsong, 8 cases from Nongspung, 17 cases from Nongthymmai and 7 cases from Smit.
According to video footage released by the Russian army, the soldier was shot with automatic weapons after shouting the slogan 'Glory to Ukraine' or 'Glory and honor belong to Ukraine'
The two groups of commercial vehicles also met with the Deputy Commissioner of the District, Kong RM Kurbah today with a request to lift the order.
The union is deeply concerned about the plight of the workers in these difficult times of food and wages.
To strive to improve income in these areas by assisting in the development of agriculture and other livelihood opportunities and others.
On the same day, the Minister also promised to provide vehicles to collect the garbage from the market.
And that we should all repent.
“I have not joined any party because I have a strong love for the HSPDP,” he said.
You can photostat the color of the map of India.
Since the first day of the nomination process, hundreds and tens of thousands of supporters of the candidates have flocked to the office of the Deputy Commissioners to accompany the candidates. The spirit is also specified as a parameter.
If you need to send a message on your WhatsApp please contact me with your WhatsApp number.
Its purpose is to provide accurate information, and to assist in the development of procedures, monitoring of procedures and establishment of procedures. health-related activity.
More than 100 Assamese have blocked the NH 39 near the border with Nagaland in West Karbi Anglong district to prevent vehicles coming from Nagaland from entering Assam.
Also present were the office bearers from all districts, Bah IM Warjri, President and others.
Abhishek Yadav scored 3/30 while Bipin Ray (2/15), Aaron Nongrum (2/18) and Divyansh Rajput (2/30) scored.
The price of synsar in 2023 has dropped significantly compared to previous years and according to information from the Mawiong market, the price of synsar this month has reached only 101, 102, ne 103 rupees per kilo.
One of the matches of the tournament, which was played between Sohmynting Sports Club and Pynthor Youth Social Welfare, ended in a draw without any goals.
The Assam government has visited the area to clear the area for the construction of the road from Ghorbhanga to Kerlong which will pass through these areas which are the farmland of the residents of Assam. or an area within the boundaries of the State.
“Where did you talk to him?” said the mother.
They should have asked and investigated, because this puts our nation at risk,” said Bah Latiplang.
It is not easy to pass the milestone for 25 years, if the school management, teachers do not work hard, but it is because of the strong spirit of them to distribute knowledge, this school has improved, he said. said the Minister and at the same time he congratulated and blessed the school to grow in all aspects and to save the students who will be the beneficiaries of the society.
The petition was signed by KSU-JHD President Ohibait Dkhar, HNYF-ER President Lamsuk Langstang and FKJGP President Tuesday Lytep.
The HPC, which met today, has decided to hand over to a third party through one of the IITs of India to look into and investigate the construction of other parts of the project. The construction of the dorbar hall and the investigation into the collapse of the roundabout.
