At first glance, it can be said that they are not government employees and they are considered as casual employees,” he said.
However, what the journalists found was that heavy trucks were passing through the bridge, carrying heavy loads of coal.
Since the introduction of the Meghalaya Sports Policy in 2019, the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs has worked hard to promote sports and encourage the youth of the state.
The main purpose of the meeting was to discuss many issues related to the development of the Karbi community for two days. peace and stability, especially for the development of our own minority in Meghalaya.
Speech was delivered by Bah Jason S.Mawlong, who expressed his satisfaction with the RBYF's ability to hold this tournament, which is also a sign of the celebration of the RBYF Day. and at the same time, it is also part of the development of sports activities within the District.
During the meeting, the Sengbhalang said that it is a common issue for both sides as it is an urgent issue, but they said that they will not back down from the demand for ILP. Those who have not yet received the ILP, should implement those laws which they have already discussed with the government authorities.
The film is about her life.
Waroh also enjoyed acting and wrote many short plays.
But Jesus himself carried his cross and fell many times.
He urged the officers from the BDO and staff to do their duty well for the people and to show respect, dignity and hospitality so that victory will come in all aspects. everything.
They submitted a petition to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday and requested him to consider the issues of the Garo people living in Ri-lum Khasi and to discuss. The State Government should not take any action on this issue.
Shillong, March 22 : The Holy Cross Parish Mawkynrew Catholic Youth Association (HFU) in collaboration with the MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, has organized a campaign to promote agriculture. soh-phlang, will hold a soh-phlang festival at the grounds of Holy Cross Higher Secondary School on the 21st of March,
He said he is fortunate to have been able to lay flowers to Tirot Singh since 1993 until today.
He said that the Me'gong will be a festival to be held every year from next year at the TRI grounds. There will also be a performance by talented groups from the state and other musicians from the North East.
In the 55 kgs category, Daman Pohktai of Body Zoo Gym came first, Wanpyndapbor Lyngdoh of Body Zoo Gym came second and Rohit Barua of Muscle Master Gym came third.
Recently, former CEM of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne alleged that one of the rules laid down by the MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Gavin M Mylliem (Sohra) and Banteidor Lyngdoh (Mawkynrew) The NPP has decided to remove him as CEM because he is a threat to their future.
His Manifesto is clear, His purpose is clear, His teachings are wonderful but transformative and He has not disappointed anyone.
Shillong: Students of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) NEHU unit, today staged a sit-in in front of the office of the Vice Chancellor, on various demands. related to welfare, for students.
He said the government wants to investigate more thoroughly into the case as the investigation of the magistrates is only into the incident of Agnes and Amita.
“This means that 50 to 60 percent of the milk requirement has to be imported.
In another match, Lummawbah SC and Mawnianglah SC had to share 10 points after a goalless draw.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Cabinet chaired by Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik.
It causes us to look down on our fellowman.
Shillong: The deficit teachers in the state under the banner of KJDSTA and GHDSTEA, have urged the government to use the educated youth to write the census in the state, not to impose and burden the census in the state. school teachers, which also affects the education of children as they have to take time off from school.
Because there are rumors that our leaders have accepted the State without borders according to our knowledge, these leaders are the most successful in all aspects from education to dangle. paw kham bha,cannot be compared with today.
Now it is said that the water has dropped because the dam has been released.
If we take the paid population, the father's race has spread all over the world.
You can earn T500 per month.
Police have conducted a thorough investigation and according to the investigation it is suspected that the woman has committed suicide. Police have registered a case under case number 05/19 u/s 174 CrPc. and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
There is also training on the production of organic fertilizers, fertilizers and natural fertilizers as well as reptit methods.
He said that an isolation ward has been set up at the Civil Hospital.
Are you still there! Isn't this just an explanation or just a follow-up to the explanation or prophecy of the ancient Khasi? Do you try to imitate the skills and knowledge of the ancient Khasi? (continued) chapter 34 explained.
Pyniaid said that the comments will come, but as it is now, the construction of the new CHC has already been completed and all that remains is to move the PHC and convert it into a CHC. He expressed his gratitude to the UDP for deciding to support him, saying that the support of the UDP will strengthen the party NPP. Congress but what he wants to express as the party will decide to run smoothly and on the 30th to cast their votes.
According to the President of the Village Council, the Myanmar troops fled to India after the Kachin Independence Army (KIA), Chin National Army (CNA) and Chinese Defense Force (CDF) attacked. ) have captured a Myanmar army base.
According to police officials, it is suspected that at least two people were killed and four others were injured in the incident. How many people were injured and killed in the incident, as the investigation is ongoing.
The King has a group of Ministers who advise and advise him on the administration of the kingdom.
Block III from Student Square to Nabaon College will be led by Bah Chesterfield Lyngdoh, TbnH Mawroh. Brother Rynjah and Mr. Wing.
One of the areas in the state where foreigners are smart to come to eat lyer and stay is Riwar area because it has many amazing tourist attractions which are not seen in the whole country, such as Mawryngkhang in Wahkhen, the double-decker living root bridge in Nohwet, Nongblai and Nongriat, the Whistling Village, Mawlynnong (the cleanest village in Asia), the Umngot River and others.
On this occasion, the speakers spoke on the topics “Role of Police in addressing violence against women and immediate police response”.
Before the elections, the BJP intends to bring Modi four times to deliver public speeches in different parts of the state.
It is learned that the student, who is from Madhya Pradesh, not only distributed the money to his friends, but also to his classmates.
KHNAM, therefore, urges the relevant departments (SMBs) to take action and take immediate action in relation to these two sites.
When a young man loves someone, it is necessary to tell his mother, father and mother, he should tell his mother and ask whether he is free from the blood of his mother if these two young men marry. .
Wanbiang Bang (43) scored the first goal for Pynthorlangtein.
In a meeting with reporters, Pyndap Saibon said that Process has claimed that he won the MDC election from Mawlai not because he is from the KHNAM party, but because of himself. Pyndap said that it was KHNAM who won the election for Process T Sawkmie from Mawlai. He said that before the election, the people of Mawlai came to him and said that they will win the election. “If Bah Process feels that he will win alone, if he wants to resign as MDC and contest a new election from Mawlai, we will. Pyndap Saibon President of KHNAM, KHNAM, said that the KHNAM leader has expressed his regret over the remarks against Process. “I don't want to criticize myself, I'll talk about the administration and the working methods, I don't feel anything about my criticisms, because I'm “It's just a person who is still missing,” said Bah Pyndap.
He said that the Government has sent repairs to many LP schools in Rambrai and some of them will not be rebuilt.
Similarly, out of 64600 vaccinees aged 18 to 44 years, 40900 have received the 1st dose and 14462 have received the 2nd dose.
Most of the vehicles with illegal number plates are from Assam.
It is also important to remember that when they become rich or income rich, they should have a humble spirit to help others, by breaking down the spirit of pride or jealousy and contempt for others.
Previously, it took 12 hours to reach Shillong to Tura but now it takes only 6 hours or less.
Through a letter, dated 25th March 2019, the DC, has invited the Rangbah Shnongs, to meet him, on 4-11-2019 and the purpose is that he wants to understand their needs, from Star Cement, a company for the benefit of the community and the environment.
There is power in unity – to be united in spirit even though we are in different groups.
The Convention also demanded that the consumption of beef should be banned throughout India.
In West Garo Hills, there are 10 cases, 2 high risk contacts and 1 case from abroad.
Inside the minds of others, the public chair is occupied only by “fools".
Titosster also promised to work with the Commercial Taxi Drivers Association to improve the land at Mawmihthied to turn it into a commercial parking lot.
Regarding the suspended works, he said that regarding the Iawmusing Shopping Complex, which is the dream of the entire area, the reason for the suspension is because of the The contractor has failed to complete the work, which has forced the Government to call a new tender.
“We also express our surprise that this land has been given to this Club since 1926 and it has been given without a deadline which could bring back the loss of Khasi ownership of Khasi land.
Maharashtra today reported 8,641 new cases of covid-19, bringing the total number of cases to 2,84,281, while the death toll has risen to The total number of cases in the country has risen to 11,194, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
“This shows that these dewbilat companies have violated the spirit of the Act, but unfortunately nothing has been done by the state government yet,” said Bah Marwein.
He said that if the village volunteers had already trained themselves and were quick to provide immediate assistance at the right time after the disaster, they would have been able to save many lives.
“In Telangana, the Congress did not contest against the BRS but against the BRS, BJP and AIMIM. Gandhi.
Bah A.Lipon promised to work with the Waheh Chnongs for the rights and welfare of the residents of Labang Nangphyllut.
Regarding this incident, it was learned that the indigenous people of the state have announced to hold a strong protest against the counting of the Prime Minister against Pradyot.
He added that after this, Modiji has visited the North East more than 50 times in the last 10 years and has clearly expressed the government's special priorities for the country as a whole.
Speakers included DSEO East Jaintia Hills District, Bah LS Lyngdoh who delivered the welcome speech.
He said that what is needed is to provide vehicles so that the production of smoke will not be too high.
The union therefore urges the people to cooperate and preserve the rivers and fish in the rivers.
Some parts of Bangladesh can also be seen during the rainy season if the sky is clear.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Khasi film Haban Tony has attracted more than 11,000 viewers in the past 10 months at Bijou Cinema Hall, Shillong.
They also alleged that during the inspection, the Regional Committee has revealed that many of the land in the area will go to Assam and it is on this basis that the people in the area have protested. The Meghalaya government, led by Conrad K. Sangma, has strongly criticized the Meghalaya government for allocating many parts of Meghalaya to Assam. Government officials from Meghalaya and Assam hold inspection.
“When asked about the strength of the party, the Vice-Chairman said, “I don't think it's time to talk about that.
It may be recalled that on the 9th of this month, Bah Adelbert Nongrum had lodged a complaint at the Sadar Police Station in Shillong on charges of misuse of funds allocated by the Central Government to Meghalaya. part of the expenditure during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Both the injured were treated at a nearby hospital.
The award was presented by the International Society for Waste Management, Air and Water.
Chief Commissioner of Guwahati Zone, Bandhana Deori; Pr.
In this welcome ceremony for the new students who came to study in the city was very warm and the new students expressed their happiness that they have brothers and sisters, who are not already in the city and who They showed the way, especially to those who had just arrived and did not know anything about this new place.
Delmon Phawa, president of KSU San Shnong Unit, said that many electric posts in the village need to be repaired because they have been damaged due to the rainy season. They urge MeECL to take action immediately to avoid any tragic incident.
Despite repeated appeals, the crowd became angry and created trouble.
Langsning FC scored two goals through K Pale in the 83rd and 89th minutes.
The union expresses its concern over the condition of the roads in the border areas as well as the national highways which have been affected by this heavy landslide which happens frequently along the highway in the area. Narpuh which has caused problems to the people in coming and going, therefore the union also demands that the district authorities to provide proper JCBs in the Narpuh area so that this problem can be solved. This is the NH-6 road in East Jaintia Hills District.
Quantum Foods, South Africa's largest retailer, said the country this year has already suffered a loss of about 2 million chickens that have died of the disease and cost about 100 Million Rand day $.5.3 Million.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Shillong tomorrow for the first time.
The Puja Committees should issue a letter of invitation to all the devotees from their respective villages and communities and the Puja Committees should also announce that the Hindu devotees should not visit more than 1 or 2 pandals.
Orialdo Wahlang 35kg 7.
The election was held on Tuesday under the chairmanship of the Dalloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing.
Students of Class 6 to Class 12 are allowed to attend schools in unrestricted areas to meet with teachers; However, if the parents agree, they can start from 16th March
If you die, you can die within 2 hours.
At the same time, we have seen the return of Indians who are abroad.
The farmers were also explained on important issues such as water and electricity conservation, stop using single-use plastics, environmentally friendly farming methods, waste disposal and e-waste, and how to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Does it seem that man also falls into the category of animals? This is something wrong about the man.
“The Central Government should have amended the Mining Act and should have a single method of mining and not just identify the areas where there are mining resources especially coal in the state,” he said. the Shovel.
Maria Garzia Chiuri, who took part in the meeting, could not help but praise the goodness and physical fitness of Rekha.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: It has been four months since the church of Balang U Blei at Iongnoh village in West Jaintia Hills was closed down by the village authorities due to differences of opinion between the people and the leaders. village.
Not only that, the miaw are also subject to the same rule, that they are the spreaders of the corona virus and the miaw have also been shot naphang these days.
But have we ever remembered to ask ourselves that only those who kill animals will fall victim to the law? Will those who pollute the rivers that are the habitats of the dohum escape punishment? The villages that produce the dohum are the thymmei longblei for the next generation.
The opening ceremony was attended by Gram Sevak of Raliang Circle Peter Wann, Block Technical Assistant of Raliang Circle Moses Swer, BFT of Raliang Circle Heiwamut Lamare, Waheh Chnong Madankynsaw-Mowkyndeng. Danny Shadap, Assistant Secretary Rimanki Chympa and other village elders and beneficiaries.
Throughout the day, it was seen that the festival was very successful, as almost all the villages in the Raid came to participate, by showcasing their characteristics. traditions, that is, from the Rwai, the Siaw, the put, the tem, the shad, the mastieh and other customs practiced by the ancients.
In 1991, he became the Assistant Parish Priest of St. Joseph Church, Mawkhar, Shillong. In 1991, he continued his B.Ed.
“The party workers who attended the meeting were forced to accept the decision of the Central Executive Committee,” said Myrthong. They are free to leave the party.
Four schools in the village, namely Lumpyngngad UPS, Lumpyngngad Non-Government LPS, Lumpyngngad RCLPS, Lumpyngngad Presbyterian LPS and VO Tur Shaphrang.
Initially, the welcome speech was delivered by the President of the Youth Wing, Samla Anthony Lyngdoh.
The winners will represent the East Khasi Hills District for the State Level to be held in April.
Dr. Bajubon and Kharlukhiii.
Having a small child is a very difficult task for a mother, especially when she has children who are crying and this is one example, which happened in London.
At that time I said that they should take me to Rymbai Road so that I can get the necessary documents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has welcomed the speech of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma on the occasion of the National Press Day. 15th November, who said that the government will assist the newspapers of the state so that they can pay their employees as stipulated by the Majithia Wage Board.
This is the land of Israel.
Shillong, November 25: Contractors in the state under the banner of All Meghalaya Contractor & The Supplier Association (AMC&SA) has complained that the construction of the government poor house in Nongmysong has been suspended due to the lack of permission for the state contractors to carry out the work.
A total of 50,974 students have sat for the examination at 134 centers and out of these, only 27,547 have passed and 23,427 have failed.
“I have allocated T.2,362.74 crore to the Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER).
The granddaughter of the victim said that she went to see her beloved mother when she heard that there was a noise in the house. “My beloved, she was being raped by a young man and immediately I called my neighbors and we lodged a complaint with the police,” she said.
“During the raid, several documents, money were seized and Bah Ïangrai was arrested.
In Indonesia, Borneo, Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula and parts of West Africa, oil palm cultivation has been found to be one of the causes of deforestation.
He said that it is suspected that there are still some people involved in this case and the investigation is now ongoing to investigate the case.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “Of course, although we have not handed over the bridge yet, we are still thinking about it, but we are preparing to hand over it to the IITG. check the condition of the bridge"
The union, through its president and D Donstan Khonglah Adviser, has requested the district authorities to enforce Section 144 Cr PC to ban the parking of tourist vehicles in the area. place, not to disturb the movement of the public.
According to Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong of Mawpun Kshaid, in fact, the incident would not have happened, but it was the insistence of one of the followers of the MDC who had spoken against the incident. However, the youths, just because they asked the media about the intention of the MDC to come and enter the village in the evening.
JOWAI: The question is whether the Constitution of India is greater or the Chief Minister of Meghalaya is greater after the police of West Jaintia Hills today raised the banner of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM). .
The reason why the Nongmihkhmat Nongpoh, have demanded from the government to implement the C&RD Block in Umden, is because the area is large and there are hundreds of villages from it. Umling C&RD Block, which is the largest C&RD Block in the area, has covered 226 villages and more than 11,500 households. It is on this basis that the Nongmihkhmat of Umden have demanded from the government that there should be another C&RD Block in Umden.
Bansharailang said, “It is sad to know that Rs 200 crore has already been allocated. to the Department, to improve and enhance all the facilities for the sportsmen in the state, but unfortunately they remain unchanged, despite the huge amount of money that the Department has already spent. ".
Shillong: The Doloi of Darrang Dalloiship District, Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District, today warned against the visitors to the area. Umngot, without informing the village authorities.
Also present on the occasion were the Sordar of Jongksha, local leaders and other invitees.
On the other hand, the court acquitted Richard Kharbani of the case as he was found not involved in the crime.
The mother of the victim was identified as Hema Malini Koch, 36 years old.
However, the UDP has less than two MLAs and has formed the MPF with the NPP (2 MLAs), GNC (1 MLA) and independent MLAs.
In Arizona, some of his supporters marched with heavy weapons and in New Jersey, they gathered near Trump's golf course in support of him.
From the sleepless nights and sleepless nights of the children, the mother knows that they have a place where they like to hang out with friends, because they don't like to be with their parents or family.
Many of the places covered with dewbilat, houses and offices are covered with sohphoh rynjew.
We recall that on the 22nd June, 2022, the dome of the Legislative Assembly collapsed and the residents were shocked.
Educate.
Pynshngaiñ said he has already spoken to the NPP leaders that the PDF will give its full support to the NPP in the state government and the NPP should give its full support to the PDF. He said that the EC has not been discussed with other parties like the UDP and HSPDP.
When contacted by the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, he said that there has been an incident where a man was caught in an electrical shock. The body of the man was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem.
A team of oral and maxillofacial doctors (members of the OncomaxNE Association) led by Dr. Bobby Linda Majaw from Shillong and Dr. Ashutosh Vatsyayan from Guwahati has completed the first CAD/CAM alloplastic procedure. Bilateral Temporo-mandibular Joint replacement at Supercare Hospital, Shillong.
However, this question is up to the authorities under Article 192 of the Constitution of India to take a decision. It is up to the Governor to take a decision to remove or suspend the MLAs. “We are of the opinion that this case is very important and should be heard by a Full Bench,” said the order.
“I ask the youth and fellow MLAs to know the difference between Post and Vacancies so I demand and demand that the Roster System should be reviewed,” he said. .
Now, the issuance of trading licenses will be banned completely, so that they will no longer be able to obtain trading licenses and this will enable the state owners to allow the state owners to develop their own businesses in the market. , he said.
said the statement.
Tomorrow, Dongmihsngi will play against 7 Wasa at 1 pm, while Mynthong will play against Sohmynting at 3 pm.
To date, the KHADC authorities from 54 Hima/Elaka have drafted 12 acts and 2 rules for the two Himas, Nongstoin and Maharam.
On the other hand, the CM of Assam said that he is pleased to inform the people of Assam and Meghalaya that after long discussions they are now ready to take a final decision on the border. The MoU has already been signed in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs.
"The relevant issue is that the ownership of the land is now clear that the land belongs to the indigenous people.
During the first phase of the operation, which took place earlier this year, thousands of people were arrested across the state.
The NCW member was accompanied by officers from the Social Welfare Department.
She said why the Dorbar to elect Waheh Shnong was scheduled to be held on “shi date” but it did not succeed and it was like a movie and if this continues they will not hesitate to come forward to demand their rights.
Their salary is not enough to support their families.
In the men's doubles, Abhishek Verma, Ojas Deotale and Prathamesh Jawkar beat Colombia 236-2
Timothy has been an MLA from Resubelpara constituency for decades and will turn 78 in November this year.
The HSPDP has 3000 sqft, the BJP 3000 sqft, the NCP 3000 sqft, the Congress 10,000 sqft, the NPP 10,000 sqft and the UDP 10,0 and there are other government agencies that are still applying for land from the government.
As a sign of welcome to the Khasi people, Wankhar offered them a kwai which Yadav welcomed and ate.
The union feels that the cooperation between the Government, religious groups, village headmen and Hima authorities and NGOs is a sign of the beginning of the fight against the entry of drugs into the state. school children and youth until it completely destroys their lives and affects the family, peace and society.
Pradip Kurbah, director of the film Iewduh, has been selected as one of the directors who can receive the Kim Jiseok Award at the Busan International Film Festival
Leaders of the HYC who took part in the rally included the President of the HYC, Bah Robertjune Kharjarin, the Vice Presidents of the HYC, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh and Bah Rhembor Saibon, General Secretary, HYC President Jason Lennox Nongrum and other HYC leaders and Village Leaders from Ri Bhoi West.
"In this age, the honor of the Kñi has almost disappeared because of the above, but in the countryside (our country) they still honor the Rangbah briew U Kñi. shisha is a long family.
Block-I is located in Meghalaya but was forcibly dissolved in
People who gathered and were still on their way to Mawlonghat area, on Thursday evening: Rupang.
After 10 minutes, Smit scored the third goal through Balajied Lyngwa.
He said that the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state is increasing and many people are recovering every day. Therefore, the SDEO has been directed to take advice from them. school principals and parents on the decision to reopen schools.
“How can the Civil Hospital Nongpoh say that I died at 8:50 pm on the 24th July while at the GNRC I died at 3:12 pm on the 25th July,” said the husband of Bah. Marbanian.
Police on receiving the information rushed to the scene for further investigation and after completing all the necessary procedures, the body of the woman was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin. for the purpose of completing the post mortem.
He also advised the authorities to find ways to protect the fish from being burnt or slaughtered so that the fish will not lose their species as the fish helps to develop the crops. .
Bitdor Pyngrope scored the first goal in the 4th minute and Aibor Kharmujai scored the second goal in the 53rd minute.
On the other hand, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs has expressed its satisfaction with the meeting of the EM of JHADC to discuss this issue.
Later, at Sutnga village on the 10th of this month, at 12 noon, a Maruti Celerio blue (ML011-0876) owned by Behopeful Suting was also hit. On the same night at 2 pm, two vehicles belonging to C Nongtdu parked in the ground floor of the house were also destroyed. These two vehicles include an i20 (ML 05 N 5613) and a Gypsy (ML 04 A 2209). Gypsy vehicles owned by F Sutnga were thrown stones and bottles of beer by unidentified robbers who came along with the election song of supporters of Hopeful Bamon.
“It’s been a long and memorable journey since joining the Birmingham County FA when I was in my early 20s and I’m proud to have managed so many games.
Meanwhile, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, who was also present, said that as a party, it is difficult to set a time limit for the completion of the work because it is not in the government.
Furthermore, the risk of natural disasters are those that can be linked to population growth, urbanization, industrialization, environmental damage and climate change.
It has been found through the bones and bones that connect the parts of the head and neck of man, in ancient times, that they used to move from one tree to another and it is believed that that the blood flow was about three-fold less then, to be compared with modern man.
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected not only the health of the person but also the economy, education, travel, lifestyle and worship. of people.
, 62.31% of the state, Garo 668930 which is 37.69% of the population of the state.
The meeting was held at the Museum which is also the birthplace of the late Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
Kulwant Singh Gill, 56, a civil engineer from Ludhiana, said, “We have taken leave for Tuesday and will stop working completely if there is a demand for work.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, Prestone said that the foundation stone laying ceremony is not a misleading statement to the people. Riangdo and the SDO office in Shallang will be fully operational.
Speaking at a meeting of the VPP in Mawlasnai today, Bah Brigt said that the party does not have time to respond to the allegations of the leaders, but will leave it to the people to judge. now they are clear and understand to judge who works and stands in righteousness and truth and who is merely a tyngam.
M.Cheerfullness Iawphniaw, who works as a Bill Clerk at the office and is also a member of the Union, said that MeECL has treated the casual workers who They have worked for many years and in fact MeECL should have given them full time employment, not temporary contract.
“Though we haven’t seen each other for a long time, you (journalist) have made many stories.
The United Liberation Front of Asom (Independent) has sent a letter demanding T.72 lakh to the owners of a slasha farm in Sonari area of ​​Charaideo district in Assam.
The two actors expressed their happiness when the audience came to support the Khasi films at Bijou Cinema.
The residents, who were angry with the KAAC, threw down the signboard on the 17th.
It is on this same basis that the Apostle Paul in his letter to the Galatians says – “For am I now seeking the favor of men, or of God? or do I seek to please men? If I were still pleasing men, I would not be a servant of Christ" Galatians 1:1
Ong u Blei – If you don't know, I'll show you to buy from me gold refined in the fire, that you may be rich, and white raiment, that you may clothe yourself with it, that the rain may not appear. and I will anoint thine eyes, that thou mayest see them" Revelation 3:1
He said that perhaps, these people understand that it is only in the hands of the VPP that can bring about change in the state.
The meeting was held at the request of the government to the DC of EJH after a complaint by the AJCCTA.
" His point here is that no conscious person wants to become a fool or to become an animal just for the sake of pleasing himself.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with various political parties in the state to discuss the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB). This is the first time in Parliament.
Therefore, regarding the frequent traffic jam in the area, the elders of the area, urged the authorities to take action to punish these drivers. They have been accustomed to parking their vehicles improperly and at the same time to provide traffic police, to prevent the traffic jam which has happened from time to time on this road.
If they do not do so, it means that the ADCs do not account to the people in the form of taxes paid by the people.
Leafy vegetables: Tyrso, collards, slaphur are rich in nutrients and the inclusion of these foods is responsible for weight loss.
Other office bearers were Rtn.
These office bearers were elected and confirmed on the 13th of this month at the Infinity Hall, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
“A meeting was held with MoRD officials, Government of India to review the implementation of various schemes of the Ministry while discussing the target for the next five years in the development of communities and communities.
“On the other hand, Dr. Mukul said that it is the people who are looking for change.
Earlier today, the media reported that the price increase has continued, especially in the field of jhur ki jhep and this has hit hard the people who have been relying on jhur for food and who have never eaten meat or fish before.
The group led by South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai, President of the Union, PT Passah, Working President, KV Kharlyngdoh, Vice President, Gilbert Laloo, Asst Secretary of MSVA and others. Members of the MSOA on Tuesday met with Bah John F.Kharshiing, Working President of the MSOA at the JN Stadium, Polo.
On the other hand, the KSU Namdong Unit through Samla Chanbor War, urged the people not to be afraid to go to the PHC as it is for the benefit of the people. “We don't want to put pressure on them and get the assistance from the government which they deserve,” said Samla Chanbor War, President, KSU Namdong Unit.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle will hold the Maitshaphrang Knock Out Basketball Tournament 2020 today.
Therefore, it is good that our Police should also be present and work together so that our people will feel more comfortable because many of the residents of this village do not understand the language.
“The country has suffered a lot from the spread of counterfeit money and theft of money which has affected the small farmers and the country's income,” he said.
This country, the land belongs to our ancestors, we must take care of it, protect it and free it from the shackles of slavery.
When investigating the cause, the root cause of stupidity is the parents' attitude towards their children.
In the 57th minute, Thangbuli scored the second goal of the match through Raikut Buam.
The main reason for the high expectations of Kong Nongrang is that she is a villager and knows better the state and the villagers than others who have come before her.
Post Name:- Lecturer in MathematicsNo of posts:- 2Department:- Shillong PolytechnicPay Scale:- Level 15th of Revised Pay Structure with other allowances as admissible.
In fact, most of the leaders from the border areas have expressed the concerns of the people, the needs for development but those in power do not believe.
Nongpoh, Nailar 09: Police in Ri-Bhoi District have arrested a man named Lassing Kharkylliang from Sohliya village in Ri-Bhoi District who has been missing since 28th October 2020 along with another woman. The Bolero Pick-up of a woman from Mawtari Myrdon.
“If this project comes, it will affect the residents of the Elaka as well as the neighboring villages who live from the Umngot River including those who run tourism, agriculture, soybean farms, tympew farms and “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything in Umngot,” said Makhraw Ryngksai, head of Dawki.
PM KISAN in three years has been able to provide financial support of more than Rs 2 lakh crore to needy farmers.
The residence of NCP MLA Sandeep Kashirsagar in Bead district, where his vehicle was parked at the residence, was also destroyed.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) has demanded that the Executive Committee of the ARPA led by Bah Adelbert Nongrum should be dissolved. the number of members in the House, because the number of members in the House of ARPA is only 14, except for the Speaker; while the opposition has 15 members.
For many, the nearest hospital is the Assam Government's Boko Hospital in Assam, about 50 kilometers from Kyrshai. Government hospital.
Here I urge the people to think carefully.
KSU Nongpoh Circle General Secretary, KSU Nongpoh Circle General Secretary, KSU Nongpoh Circle Vice President, Macdonald Kharkamni Vice President together with members raided the shrip at 5 pm and seized 2 buses and an Eco car carrying about Mynder who came to enter the state without proper documents.
Larisa Ïawrod, resident of Kynton Massar, Block-A, Phlangwanbroi, has died after being hit by a motorcycle. Mawdatbaki while she was trying to cross the road.
Birbor Riangtem, Sordar of the village, said that after the central government has recognized the village as an Aspirational Village, various government departments have been visiting the village. From time to time to provide various trainings to the community such as agriculture, environment and others, in order to improve the income of the community.
“I have not received any information to postpone the decision,” said Rijiju.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 76 cases of which 72 cases are from Star Cement Cluster, 2 cases from outside and 2 cases from high risk.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 65939 out of which 58987 have recovered and 1109 have died.
The office of the General Manager, District Commerce & Industries Centre, Jowai invites all to the District Level Industrial Exhibition, two (2) days exhibition to be held on the 7th and 8th February. ) 2024 at the office of the General Manager, Mihmyntdu, Jowai.
Village leaders including Bah S Kharnior, Rangbah Dong, Asst Rangbah Shnong Bah Y. Kurbah, Bah BF Marwein from the Youth Wing, Kong P Marwein from the Women's Wing expressed their deep sorrow. The garbage dump in their village, which has also endangered the health of the people.
The West Bengal government has admitted that it has created 10 million posts but so far the Employment Exchange of the state has reported that there are 3.5 million unemployed.
Fr.Michael Makri sdbThe coffin of St. Don Bosco, has arrived in Shillong this morning (26th June) at midnight and will remain with us forever.
In another incident in the same village, on the 19th of this month, a farmer was robbed of an SBBL rifle by him or by unidentified persons.
Women police officers were also present in the raid.
On the other hand, he first of all condemned this and said that most of them are the Sengbhalang who issue Labor and Trading License while the District is sleeping.
The union also praised the implementation of the Research & Training Institute at Mawpun, which has been implemented well by the JE of the department. , which fits perfectly in the area.
Shillong: The Khasi film 9-LAD, which has been screened by the people of the state, has started its screening today at Bijou Cinema. they didn't know.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP East Khasi Hills President TW Chyne said that the party has nothing to do with Bah Sylla to speak but it is his own wish.
On the other hand, he said that the Council has now decided to implement the Land Rules which states that the people have to get certificates from the villages and then from the Syiem before verifying the status. Informing about this, the CEM said that the certificate issued by them is known as the Lnad Title Rights Certificate which according to the Land Act, authorizes the owners of the land. Land owners who wish to borrow loans should register with KHADC to get loans from banks.
According to the directive of the Medical Council of India (MCI), the deadline for admission has been fixed on 31st November.
Nalor's President Rt.
The HSPDP candidate from Mawkynrew constituency, Bah Martle Mukhim, said that his re-election this time is still the right time.
The three persons were arrested and taken to the police station and charged under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
“The investigation into the case started after Bandana Kalita lodged a complaint at Noonmati Police Station on 29th July that her husband and brother-in-law were missing.
The BJP Meghalaya hopes that the High Command will announce the names of the candidates soon.
It has about 300 households and about 1500 heads of population.
Nongpoh: Regarding the excessive deterioration of the road leading to Patharkhmah, from the entrance from Pahammawlein 20Mer to Umrit, the HANM Western Ri Bhoi Circle, on Tuesday said that the reason for the deterioration of the road leading to Patharkhmah. The road has been deteriorating quickly due to the overcrowding of coal trucks, which are suspected to be coal trucks, which have come from Mairang area and used the road. for the purpose of leaving the NH-6 Ri Bhoi.
He said that paragraph 3 of the Sixth Schedule also speaks clearly regarding land, but it does not mean that the Council owns the land, but to run the works through the raids, the District. The council is stronger.
The source said that Fortunate Pala alias Ma Pala allegedly shot dead a woman named Nimai Phawa at about 4 pm this morning.
According to a source, the incident happened while the young man was trying to run to the other side of the highway when the taxi suddenly collided with him. Kamai, she came and was able to stab the little boy until he died soon after.
The collection of taxes from the coal owners and coal trucks has been very slow, where it was reported that from Shahlang alone the tax to be paid on the road for one truck of nine tonnes of coal has reached T.35 thousand tyngka. except for Bai time.
He also urged his colleagues in the MDA government to be responsible.
He congratulated all those who have contributed to the reconstruction of the house of Challam.
The Union also said that it should be remembered that women are the strength and life of the country, do not despise them and do not leave a mark on the minds of women.
Nongpoh, Lber 30: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) today sent a statement to express its full support and congratulations to Bah Sadon K Blah, President of the Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF). who was appointed as the HNLC's ksiang to negotiate peace with the government.
If you are allowed to build it, since when have you done it?
“To prevent unimaginable dangers, the implementation of the Inner Line Permit is necessary throughout the state,” said the FKJGP in a letter to the CM and demanded the upgradation of the NH
Thus from his pride he will reach the lake of fire.
Shillong, June 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has not yet accepted the resignation of the Parliamentary Secretary of Jirang, Bah Lamboklang Mylliemngap.
After finding that the documents were incomplete, the DLC sent the documents to the State Level Empowered Committee headed by the Director (Census Operations).
Get money where you don't want to die and you don't have to spend money.
He said that he will direct the Secretary of the Land Department to send the circulars of the Act to the banks. The Non Tribal Trading Act has banned these banks.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Monarch Shabong said that although he joined the UDP today, he has had a close relationship with the UDP since the 1990s.
Shillong: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy today alleged that it was an anti-Modi campaign which defeated the UDP candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh in the election. Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Constituency.
About 30 farmers who have been affected by the damage caused by the Nepali cow herders attended the meeting and discussed and thought carefully how to proceed with the issue. the destruction of Sying and Synsar farms.
BDO Laskein C&RD Block, Bah FB Bsan urged the women who have job cards to join SHGs so that they can increase their income as through the NREGA Scheme many benefits can be obtained. and also how to increase the development of the village.
Speakers at the meeting included the Waheh Shnong of Mukhaïalong, Bah Hundred Phawa, who gave the welcome speech, the Coordinator of the Tribal and Rural Social Foundation, Bah Preacher Bareh, who gave the welcome speech. Hello.
It has also been shown to damage the liver, pancreas, and blood vessels.
He said that this incident is not only an attempt to injure the Chief Minister but also a destruction to the people.
Shillong, Lber 12 : The National People's Party (NPP) Umroi Block today honored Boniffila Shullai, the best footballer to represent India in the U-16 tournament of the South Asian Football Federation (SAF) He was born in Kathmandu, Nepal.
She directed those who receive SMS, Email or any other messages to immediately inform the government authorities to protect such people and take necessary action. withhold the names of informants if they cooperate with the government.
On the allegation that he distributed T.5,000 scheme just to buy votes for the people, Dr Mukul said, “This is a scheme given to the people, it is not that we buy or spend money on him. public".
The Meghalaya Swimming Association (MSA) on Saturday held a trials for the children of the state, as part of the selection of the youngest swimmers to compete in the competition. The Glenmark 37th Sub Junior and 47th Junior and the 74th National Aquatics National Championships will be held in Bengaluru next April.
The four persons who were admitted to hospital were three children and one elderly person on Friday after they left the hospital after eating food bought from the Mikado.
He said that the fire was extinguished by the arrival of fire trucks from Assam and Byrnihat. The affected shopkeepers have lost tens of lakhs of rupees as the fire has destroyed all the shopkeepers they kept in their shops, he added.
He also urged the people to continue to pray for the restoration of peace in the neighboring state.
“We will ask for all the details to know the truth about the status of the state as it has appeared,” said Bah Metbah.
The next cleaning should be done by the farmers according to the instructions of the Veterinary Officers/Rapid Response Team (RRT).
Sometimes, if we don't see the birds, our eyes will look at the bright clouds, the moon, the bright sun, the bright stars, or we will be breathless. About 15 years ago, all the residents of Shillong and surrounding villages probably remember that every morning or evening they heard not only the but they also hear the singing of the saro or paitpuraw-thoh-tdong birds as well as the singing of the lorni (larni) with the ab-ab-ab sound of the tyngab.
Stand firm with courage and be knowledgeable.
In a letter to the Branch Manager of UBI, Jowai, the UBI has demanded that the bank should implement the institute for the benefit of the rural youth of the district.
Shillong, Jymmang, 09: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday encouraged the citizens of the state to register their Aadhaar names.
“We will soon announce the list of MP candidates as we don't have a Screening Committee.
The winners of this competition received Rs 7,000/- for the first prize, Rs 5,000/- for the second prize and Rs 3,000/- for the third prize. thousand (Rs 2000/-) for the youngest and oldest runners along with trophies and certificates.
Meanwhile, Manipur police said they are fighting as hard as they can to arrest the people involved in the incident.
All this has happened because the crimes have been curbed and now they have disappeared completely,” he said.
These children are aged 14, 15 and 16 years old.
Even in the Government of India he appeared as one of the fighters against the British.
We urge the government especially the minister in charge to take action on this issue.
Those teachers who should come, how can they come, when even to get their salary they have to go to the streets, have to be sprinkled with water, have to be beaten, have to be bombed, have to be tied.
Justice AK Mittal is the Chief Justice of the Punjab and Haryana High Court.
In the first match, Mawlai, who won last year, beat Kharang SC 7-1
He said the refusal of the HSPDP MLAs to cooperate with the UDP by joining the NPP is one of the reasons why the party's plan to rule the state has failed. this time.
“Leave me alone, I'll clean myself, Father...” Rida said, “I won't cleanse myself.
These office bearers who are also the leaders of the Primary Units of these villages were confirmed by Bah Olan Sing Suiñ, UDP candidate for the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on 27th June. , 2023 from this Constituency.
Thus, the snap of instinct cannot be understood by yourself.
While greeting the Prime Minister and the Central Government, Marshra expressed his gratitude and special greetings for them.
After that they fled to the Tynghor area and settled in Domtli, Porkadoh, Umthlong and after a few years they came to Mawsikar.
The funeral service will be held on 11/07/2021 at Lymba Cemetery.
“The fact is that although the coal mine is located in a place known to many churches, behind Don Bosco College, Byndihati, this shows a lot about the working methods of the officers. “It's especially the Superintendent of Police, who has been called to explain,” she said.
Giving his blessings to the new office bearers, he said that they should do their jobs how to strengthen the activities of the party with healthy bodies.
He said that Sohkhwai village is fortunate to receive this scheme and he hopes that this school will be a beacon for the children in the village to get education and training to grow up in manners and dignity. for the bright future of the community and the region.
Such people can never repent.
On December 1st, the winners will receive 10,000 tyngka and the runners-up will receive 5000 tyngka.
Nongmalieh is the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Jirang constituency next year.
The number of confirmed cases in Mizoram has risen to 16 so far.
Sienmitre Sumer, Secretary, S&G Committee of Panaliar Village, gave the welcome speech.
When asked when the second round of demarcation will start, Conrad said, “I cannot say anything yet.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Finance Department of the State Government has admitted that the Government has not appointed any political appointees in government departments.
From that time on, the French Hima was placed in the British Area.
In these days and nights, people's minds are turning to luxury life such as cars, houses, mobile phones, and so on, which causes a lot of money. their money.
It is worth mentioning that the Sengbhalang and other groups have expressed their disapproval of the Bill prepared by the government as it will give more power to the tenants than the owners of the houses.
This is a misreading of history, so we must reject and defeat these exploiters.
Bamanbha Shangpliang scored 86 runs from 103 balls and Sanvert tied 30 runs from 22 balls.
How much more so if the questions are different from those given.
The Sub-Inspector of Supply Department, Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Zareen Kharkongor, arrived at Nongbah-Mawshuit village on the orders of the SDO. Zareen said that they are against the name of the dealer, Bah Hem Khongrymmai, because he was elected without the knowledge of the people of the village. don't choose a new one.
Nongstoiñ, June 7: The Nongjyllieh Youth Sports Organization (NYSDO) has organized a youth sports event in Nongjyllieh, West Khasi Hills District. football festival at its stadium in the center of the village.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 3,645, bringing the total to 2.04 lakh.
On the other hand, the Congress candidates include PN Syiem, RV Lyngdoh, Charles Marngar, Gabriel Sohlang, Batskhem Ryntathiang and Carnes Sohshang.
It is only since 2003 that the distribution of money before the elections has increased dramatically and burned like an unquenchable fire.
“The political parties, various political parties have one goal when it comes to the indigenous peoples how to preserve our identity”.
Conrad led the Selsella constituency in 2008 and was also the youngest Finance Minister in the state at that time.
Up to 100 tree seedlings were planted during the tree planting.
“We have to talk to them to explain,” said Dr Tariang.
Meghalaya has a 443 km long border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh and these borders are guarded by BSF troops for the safety of the residents of the border area.
In a statement sent by Bah Mathias Mynsong, the MCPC has requested all its supporters, members and leaders in the Circles and Primary Units not to participate in the meeting. The MCPC has also requested all the supporters of the MCPC to support other candidates, but to wait for a while and the decision will be taken by the committee of the MCPC. to support him or any candidate, that they should not publish in the name of the MCPC, but should state that their support will be personal, which even the MCPC does not prohibit.
Therefore, to enrich this Dorbar Kur, the Kur invites all the children of the Kur Lamare within the border of Ri Lum Jaintia and others to attend this meeting. ) on this day.
Only the Supreme Court will fall on our faces and may justice finally triumph especially now that only You Tube is used to fight hard to show the suffering of our people the Khasi Pnar people.
The question is whether he is the brother-in-law of the NPP candidates Sniawbha and Ngaitlang Dhar and their brother-in-law, Wailadmiki Shylla is also a candidate from Jowai.
The death toll has risen to 6,6
The Home Guards & Civil Defense Medals were awarded to Kharnesh A. Sangma, Sub-Inspector (HG) and Bah T. Marbaniang, Havildar (HG).
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang, said that the police will patrol all such places and if found, they will seize the vehicles.
Therefore, the woman cannot be the head of the man at any time.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that 470 cases have been reported in Kamrup Metro, 197 in Nagaon, 163 in Cachar, 128 in Dibrugarh, 122 in Tinsukia and 104 in Jorhat. after.
You must leave the village immediately,” said the Dorbar Domsohshoin.
According to the understanding of the police, it is suspected that the robber is a homeless person.
It is learned that this man entered Garo village and tried to steal two cows but was caught by the people.
It should also eliminate confusion and in this age of technology which makes it easier to collect information and disseminate it in a clear manner, the campaign and participation in elections should be well-founded, meaningful, there is a thong and a stable.
It should also eliminate confusion and in this age of technology which makes it easier to gather information and disseminate it in a clear manner, the campaign and participation in elections should be well-founded, meaningful, there is a thong and a stable.
After the Cabinet once again amended the Meghalaya Services and Conduct Rules 1990, Latiplang Kharkongor said, “If a government employee is a tymmenbasan, does he have to inform the government first? ?" said Bah Latiplang, adding that any church group is the same kind of organization or what the government puts in foreign words as Organization.
Through the EPP, 14,500 children have come to showcase their skills across the state and out of these, 200 have been selected for the EPP. players are currently on a year-long program split into two phases that includes training sessions given by coaches and also weekly supervision to check the skill they have.
I don't know why...this is the time to vote for my Khasi party.
He compared the studio to a nursery where the inherited talents have grown and flourished.
He also urged the DC and SP to ban all the coal trucks not only those going to Guwahati but also those transporting coal to the 8 coal factories in the area. Villagers.
The order came a day after the Laitumkhrah Police Station arrested a leader of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) for allegedly collecting money from trucks. that they might pass by the bridge of Damascus, Umiam.
During the meeting, the SDSEO M.Nongkhlaw promised to pay in the third month of this month, while the SDSEO promised to wait for the order from the office.
On the other hand, the plaintiff could not conclude the lawsuit and said that the public should not be allowed to mine coal in their own land, but through leases and licences. of the Government and also to comply with the Mines and Minerals Regulation and Development Act of the Government of India.
This is the objective of the Information Network for Animal Productivity and Health (INAPH), which is being developed by the National Dairy Development Board (NDDB).
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that the independent inquiry team headed by a retired judge will start in the next few days and will be given about 3 months to submit their report.
He said the government has taken this issue seriously and will continue to speed up the work until it reaches the end.
To tell the truth, parents, many people in urban or rural areas don't know what RTE is, it is what even school principals, teachers know how it works. help the students.
After the issue of building an Assam police station in Saba, the Assam government is now ready to build another road to connect Khanduli and Lapangap, said the KSU Lapangpa in a complaint to the district administration on Tuesday.
“In the last four or five days we have seen that things have improved and we expect the number to increase,” he said.
FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle feels that there is no problem if the government has the will to take action to relocate the Jhalupara Outpost to Umshyrpi Bridge. many years since the new bridge was built.
However, drinking these kinds of teas will save you from these diseases.
The central government investigation team conducted raids at the house of Atiq's lawyer Khan Soulat Hanif among more than 12 other places in Uttar Pradesh, the source said. message.
In East Khasi Hills District, 506 cases have been confirmed, including 253 BSF personnel, 46 Armed Forces personnel and 207 civilians.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Lyngdoh said that the purpose of the meeting was to ask questions to the Government and to suggest that this Roster System should not affect the job seekers.
He said that on this day, the most important issues discussed and discussed include the need to maintain peace and order, to discuss the development of the villages in They also spoke about the drug trafficking in the Killing area and especially the drug trafficking which has endangered the youth of different villages.
Long trai and I'm here.
“However, for unavoidable reasons, the Deputy Commissioners of the districts will complete the work by the end of November,” he said.
Other Khasi youths who were in Calcutta during his time were Bredin Herge Jyrwa, Holing Diengdoh, Langstang Rynjah, Wellson Khongmen, George Lyngdoh and Hughlet Pariat.
Shillong: The Dorbar Pyllun of Hynniew Shnong, Tynring Raid, has met with the EM Incharge of Tynring District, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem regarding the complaint against C.Aikom Diengdoh, Sordar of Tynring. Raid Tynring has authorized Manosha Warjri to sell 400 acres of land at Kyrdeng, Mawkduk Lumkseh. military departments.
“If this doesn't work, Giriraj will be there to support you,” said Giriraj.
The club has won the Mixed Martial Arts tournament in
The dead include two from Ribhoi, one from West Garo Hills and one from East Jaintia Hills.
Conrad also promised the Member that the Government will consider the need to set up a weighbridge at Mahendraganj.
According to a complaint lodged at Nongpoh Police Station, Elizabeth said that at about 2:30 pm, she was in Nongpoh when she saw that her brother had been arrested. When she went to help her brother, these members of the HYC spoke to her with 'tiensih 'tiensang in the middle of the shooting, and touched her again until her jaiñphong was broken. .
He said that in the game, if there is a mistake, they should not be angry, but they should forgive and forget.
The RPI leader acknowledged that the Kuki and Zomi ethnic groups are not full citizens of India, but temporary residents and it is illegal to recognize them. such as Schedule Tribe.
Wasa won a cash prize of T.60,000 and a trophy, while Ladthadlaboh won a cash prize of T.35,0
The procession is scheduled to be held from 1st November through two routes at Sonamarg in central Kashmir and Pahalgam in South Kashmir, officials said. do not look.
Both the tournaments were organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
On the one hand, I would like to congratulate all those who have taken part in this KAM which has affected the residents of both the villages.
Speaking at the first public meeting of the VPP at Madan Heh Mawlai to explain the position of the VPP on this issue, the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit, said: He said that the VPP's demand to amend the Reservation Policy is not only for the benefit of any community but for the state as a whole.
Dr. ES Langshing, District Disaster Management Officer (DDMO), South West Khasi Hills District, said that it is very important for teachers to have a School Disaster Management Plan. It is one of the shatri to protect the students and teachers in case of natural disasters.
Taking the statement as a threat and intimidation, the NPP has asked for more security forces for Purno.
Perhaps, these stories expose the corruption of those in power and also reveal the increasing inequality in education in the State and what we are talking about today.
Mawlai FC took the opportunity to try again through Donlad who scored his third goal.
On the other hand, the Lamphang said that he is pleased that both the leaders have agreed to provide support through a 10 percent salary increase for up to 10 years.
On the 13th of July, heavy rainfall in Jaintia Hills and a heavy landslide have affected the National Highway 44, while the landslide has affected the National Highway 44 in Jaintia Hills. Two people were killed and two others injured, while thousands of vehicles were stranded in the middle of the road as the collapse blocked the road on the highway.
"He suggested that robotic massage could be done for massaging the abdominal area, and the chest, as well as certain areas of the neck and chest.
The rebel group has demanded the creation of Garoland State by separating Meghalaya.
Chairman of the MIDC, James PK Sangma attended the meeting to learn more about the department and to have cooperation with the MIDC. “The purpose of this meeting is to discuss the status of the state in the industry, the challenges they face and the ways and means to work together to resolve these challenges,” he said. .
On 24th June, Talukdar received four messages on his mobile between 11.45 pm and 11.48 pm and at one point, T.1 lakh was stolen from SBI. it's only three minutes.
Meanwhile, MBCC President Bah Teilang said the party welcomes these MDP leaders to the Congress party.
It will be held on the 19th of this month at 12 noon.
Our bedroom should be free from TV viewing, reading rooms and dining rooms, perhaps they can help us to sleep.
Delhi Police have investigated the case of the four persons who were arrested inside and outside Parliament, and at the same time they are searching for others who may be involved in the crime. crime.
Furthermore, this is the question that many churches ask why pastors or theologians want to contest elections.
However, in fact, these items can also be obtained from government recognized pharmacies within the hospital such as Amrit Pharmacy and others at much lower prices.
The Lokayukta on July 28, 2023 has filed a case against them on charges of corruption worth Rs 6 crore in connection with the construction of the MDC Hostel in Tura which was funded by the Government. Mother.
He said it is the duty of the government to implement the law properly to ensure that foreigners should not get the status of villagers especially in the registration of voters in the state. you are a danger.
These include those that come from their own farms as well as those that grow in the forest.
They also demanded that the State Government should expedite the boundary demarcation in Langpih Sector.
Jorginho's goal opened the way for Italy to win 4-2 on penalties against Spain and qualify for the European Championship final.
The Seng also invites all the members of the Sengbhalang and all the Dorbar Shnongs in War Jaintia to attend this day as a sign of joining hands in this mass protest against the “It is very important that the opening of this market is very dangerous for the people of the area,” said a statement from Bah Yodahunki Shylla, President and Publicity Secretary of the party.
Leo Dangdonborlang Sunn was seriously injured in the incident.
At the time of writing, no one has been arrested.
Mukul Sangma's government has been unable to introduce laws to curb the illegal entry of mynder. The members of the union suddenly attacked the company's headquarters.
The second demanded that another complaint should be lodged against the Headmasters and management of these schools for prosecution under IPC sections 157A, 153 A(1), 295A, 505(). 1) and 505 (1)(b) for sending students out of school in a hostile protest between religious beliefs.
But the Messiah was found first by Samaritans, and first by a Samaritan woman.
Most of the writings about the town exist and are studied in schools.
A case has been registered against them at Laitumkhrah Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued today said that after testing all the High Risk Contacts and after completing the vaccination Drive' in Dongbir, Donggate, Lumiew and Lummaralong Village has been lifted from today, 4th November, .
The project, implemented by NEEPCO, has completely destroyed the power plant, the report said.
London: The number of cases of the coronavirus, known as Delta, has risen rapidly in the United Kingdom, with 35,204 cases reported since last month. The total number of cases has risen to 111,157, or 46 per cent, according to the government.
The presence of these NGOs has not only brought about a clean harvest, but has also changed the lives of the residents in the rural areas.
The reward we deserve is according to our works.
He said the Council has not been able to issue a receipt to prove that it has issued trading licenses or even those that are being renewed.
The meeting was conducted by DHPde President of the party, in the presence of JM Pohsngap and other members of the party.
Fishing is a very interesting job especially for those who have an interest/hobbies.
The Lakadong Festival was held to celebrate the government's efforts to promote the Lakadong shynrai in the world and to give an opportunity to the farmers to promote the uniqueness of the shynrai.
The Pakistani foreign ministry said that out of the 100 people rescued, 12 were Pakistanis.
This comes a few days after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sniawbhalang Dhar, recently said that the government has no intention of finalizing the issue of railway line in the Khasi Hills. Jaintia.
“Yes, I am very sorry for my son and I have decided to come and talk to him about what has happened.
Avoid touching these places as much as possible.
However, in 2023, the government will not change as the election period for the Legislative Assembly of the State is still about 8 months away.
But the important question now is not: Why do these bad things happen to us? These things will continue to happen as long as we live on this earth whether we understand or not what their purpose and meaning is.
However, here in our country, it is a shambles and the intentions are to completely transform MeECL and choose the places that have enough income and the people of Shillong/Khasi Hills to get hundreds of crores. within just a few months.
It is expected that the Meghalaya government will provide all the accommodation and workplaces, including electricity among others and will also be responsible for the implementation of the project.
Norwegian Ambassador to Iran Sigvald Hauge tweeted: “The Taliban have seized the Norwegian government building in Kabul and say they will return it. sha you later.
I told the judge not to treat the Khasi as cave-men.
Shillong, March 22: The father of Angelbeth Lyngdoh Nongpiur, Bah George Arthur Warjri on Tuesday lodged a complaint against several persons for allegedly shooting and beating his daughter in front of the police. police, before she was arrested on March 15, 2014.
Shillong Cricket Association (A) and Tura District CA won the Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Tournament on Saturday.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tynsong said; “We have reviewed all the processes and now the construction is underway and I am sure they will be able to complete it on or before January
According to Bah R.Wanniang, Joint Secretary Planning and other departments of KHADC, the Council's intention is to expand and improve the village in the coming years. the houses of other himakhasi who are not yet here.
Speaking to media, he said that there has been an increase in the number of Covid-19 cases in the state, but the people should not be afraid, because these are those who have contracted Covid-1 -19 are in care and will not be able to mix with the public.
Doctors at PHCs and CHCs should have received training on how to provide emergency care, how to recognize the signs of infection, how to give ASV and others.
The PHE Minister said that he will talk to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to discuss the ban on the implementation of the JJM in the village.
Speaking on the importance of water in everyday life, Bah Metbah urged the residents who witnessed the programme, to conserve and use water and water wells properly. which is one of the ways to care for and maintain it.
Our goal is that the villages in the remotest areas will get water supply and we will continue until we reach the end”.
(Let us work together for a shared future).
In Khasi-Jaintia, a country with a lot of rainfall, the soil should also be waterproof; for if there be much water in the earth, it shall not wither.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that he has been suffering from ring disease since he was a child. Although his family members have tried to find ways and means to send him for treatment, He said that he is happy that God has given him the spirit that God has given him and he believes that one day he will be healed if God wills. “It's a good idea to be like other people,” said Bah Debanskhem Lyngkhoi.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie said that the promotion from PHC to CHC is no longer difficult, the most difficult thing is to get the PHC. This is his proposal to the government since last year in which he expressed the need to upgrade the PHC. .Aman War, in his speech said that this is the first step of Bah PT Sawkmie to upgrade from PHC to CHC. Speeches were also delivered by the DMHO and the Secretary Shnong. Bah T.Hynniewta greeted everyone.
Meanwhile, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the KSU has been opposed to the railway line since the past until now and the KSU stands firmly against the railway line.
However, whether in the city or elsewhere, the roads are for the safe movement and parking of vehicles.
Explaining these demands, RBYF President Bah Bipul Thangkhiew said that regarding the government's plan to bring a railway line to the state, the RBYF has no objection. ei ei, but before this, the government should have completed the entry and exit points, so that it can prevent the illegal entry of mynder, because while there are no laws against the mynder. as the organization itself has not been able to accept the Railway.
His son, Mohammed bin Salman, 38, was crowned prince in 2017 and has led various affairs of the country as head of state in recent years. day now.
On the other hand, Bah Alexander L Hek MLA Pynthor-Umkhrah said, “On my part, as Chairman, I will write to various departments in the state to ensure the proper implementation of these schemes”.
These things are only the beginning of the last days that Daniel says – The last days.
The SP of West Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that the seven suspects were identified as Dionstar Marngar, 16, Rickystar Marngar, , Poiningstar Marngar 18 years old, Nisphirlang Marngar 16 years old, Khwardingstar Marngar 16 years old, Claverstain Marngar 19 years old.
The Government has informed this before the High Court which is hearing the case filed by Bah Kynjaimon Amse.
The PDF MDCs said that after two months that Teilinia has not resigned even after the collapse of the ARPA EC, they are still waiting for her to resign on the 30th of July. As soon as the special assembly was opened, their expectations did not come true.
On ILP: On the other hand, KHNAM has refused to accept the Inner Line Permit (ILP) of the political parties but will continue to fight to demand the implementation of the old ILP.
“They are happy because we have come to agree according to the rules as they have brought and informed us and therefore we will move forward with this work,” she said.
“One of the goals that the party has set is that we want to transform Meghalaya as a whole, in which this transformation can be seen through the services of The MDA government has been led by the NPP for more than four years”.
Too much slowness leads to destruction but too much difficulty leads to more difficulty, therefore, it is necessary to lower the voice because peace and anger go together as there is a saying, when you want peace, prepare the battle of peace.
He said the government is ready to move the Secretariat and other offices to the new Shillong, in order to reduce the traffic jam in the old Shillong.
The MLAs of Ri-Bhoi, MDCs and officers also donated their contribution to the KJP Synod as part of the preparations to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of Dr.H Gordon Roberts Hospital. Donation boxes are placed around the square.
Ka Tawng, had also cut off her head on the ground, where there were also policemen, who had thrown themselves, but the throwing of the nun, did not help, as the shooting started. immediately, from other directions.
In the meeting, the HSPDP leaders said that they support the PDF led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem CEM in the District Council. They also congratulated all their supporters in the mid-term MDC elections. Shillong, June 4: The UPSC has congratulated and congratulated Dr. David R Syiemlieh on his appointment as the Chairman of the UPSC. The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) card issued by the government is no longer valid in health centres.
The total number of cases has risen to 6.58 lakh while the number of recoveries has risen to 1,15,69,2
Replying to a question, Sangma said there were several reasons why the previous contractors terminated the contract.
They have been directed to report to the office within 10 days with proper vehicle documents and if they do not report within the stipulated time, the office of the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Amlarem, will take a decision. please on this car.
Khasi and Garo don't buy blankets or money. All these things are nothing in three years. Absolutely nothing but the truth.
He also advised the State Governments to implement the directives of the Government of India to prevent the spread of the disease.
The incident happened at 4.30 pm this morning, while he was returning from Dawki and while avoiding the trucks carrying stone, he hit a stone on the side of the road and immediately, the stone. he fell with the old man, and had to fall into the deep end of the Umngot River; However, before the sun rose, she was caught from the hands of the Sordar by her brothers, who were with her, and thus her body was dragged away. hap to the west.
The meeting was concluded with the swearing-in ceremony to explain to all the places to make Tura the Nongbah Tlang.
Shillong, March 17: The Cabinet meeting today approved the rules drafted by the Search Committee for the appointment of the Chairperson and members of the State Lokayukta.
His call for respect for Hindi will please the Sangh Parivar.
The inspection was held after a decision was taken at a meeting held on the 27th of this month at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, where it was decided that the project should be demolished as soon as possible. bridge and that the PWD will prepare the expenses for this work.
The Government has allocated T.500 crore for this purpose over the next five years.
“The four organizations would like to thank the DC Nongstoiñ, who has worked with the group to temporarily suspend all the festivals even though we as a group have been talking by phone due to unavoidable circumstances”. said D.Sun.
Therefore, it was said that Russia has already prepared missiles to attack these ships in the area if it changes and wants to attack.
In this regard, the people of War Jaintia have appealed to the authorities and especially to the Prime Minister to think and help in this matter in these days. difficult in many areas in relation to schemes, old age pensions and accident schemes.
People from Shillong also came to support Lamare, a team from Mawlai.
All medium vehicles and small vehicles including mini trucks, bolero pickups and other goods vehicles are prohibited from parking inside Iawmusiang and Mission. Compound before 8 pm to 7 pm.
The unity of the opposition parties was evident on the day of the swearing-in ceremony of Congress leader Siddaramaiah as Prime Minister and DK Shivakumar as Symbud Prime Minister in Bengaluru. , where the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, MK Stalin and many other leaders who attended the ceremony were present to witness the ceremony. and cooperation for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The Chief Guest, Garod LSN Dykes, praised the One Stop Center in Jowai and hoped that this center will provide the best service to bring about change in the society.
“I am a Pnar from the Hynniewtrep people and I am not what you think of me,” he said.
He was accompanied by Khasi tyngshops and poets, including Naphilahun L. Nongbet, Balbareen Kurbah, Sainkupar Sun, Andy Rapsang and Batson Sohtun.
The UDP through this statement strongly condemns those insurgents who intend to create trouble and also those who try to create instability.
Nidhu Ranjan Paul, 62, resident of Rilbong, Shillong.
The CoMSO calls upon all the paradoh parasnam and the Trai Ri Trai muluk not to lose heart, but to hope that while we are fighting, we will continue to fight, while we are talking, we will continue to fight, the struggle is not over. Shillong: KSU Delhi Unit said that the KSU Delhi Unit is still alive and will continue to fight with the indigenous people until it can convince the Government of India to grant the ILP. The KSU North Khasi Hills (KSU) in collaboration with the KSU Central Executive Council (KSU) has rescued a 17-year-old girl from Ri Bhoi.
The Prime Minister's remarks came in conflict with the remarks of the Indian Defense Minister Amit Shah.
The village leaders of these seven villages, while speaking on the occasion, said that they are not happy with the visit of the Regional Committees of Assam and Meghalaya, because the decision to arrange the land has been taken only. He said that the people who want to go to Assam or Meghalaya without considering the documents or land titles of the villages and even the Raid and Hima have no information about this. you don't have to fix the boundaries.
He said that the Secretariat will decide on this issue at a meeting before the MDC elections.
The candidates for the 6th Khliehriat Constituency are Kyrmen Shylla of the United Democratic Party, Nehlang Lyngdoh of the National People's Party and Damewanhi Rymbai of the Voice of the People Party. Suni Bareh of the TMC, Bhayes Chyrmang of the BJP and Jhanika Siangshai of the Congress.
The President of the Ribhoi Youth Federation, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, opened the tournament while Bah Tongper (ADC Ribhoi District) opened the tournament.
In fact, the drug trafficking and smoking has become very serious in Meghalaya.
According to the Bible the children of Israel claimed to be a chosen nation and therefore they wanted to preserve the purity of blood and tried not to pollute it by forbidding marriage. blend.
The visit of the General Observer has encouraged these trainees, who have expressed their gratitude for the visit of the Observer.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by Franky Kharumnuid, Vice President John Lyngdoh and Banker Dkhar Genital Secretary have left the school to suspend the classes at the school. of this school did not honor the Annual Meeting of the Seng Khasi.
Police working in different districts need vehicles to carry out their duties properly such as to track down robbers and drug traffickers.
The polling in these four states and one small state will be held from 27th October to 29th June
The Dorbar Shnong Mynthong has congratulated Rotary for donating these essential protective equipment at this time when the people need to protect themselves to fight against the disease.
If the impact of TIKA is bad, who will be responsible for the problems and difficulties that may result? Is the Government willing to accept this responsibility? Any personal decisions that lead to employment, receipt of treatment or rejection of it and life and death also carry with them responsibility.
It will be a terrible war until there is no peace.
1136 packages of rice and other necessities worth more than Rs 18 lakh were distributed from the MDC scheme of Bah Martle N Mukhim.
Therefore, to protect our Jaidbynriew and State, it is only the responsibility of each and every one of us to do anything by reducing overwork or injustice to our employers. Otherwise, we will not reach anywhere but we will fail while fighting to protect the society of the Jaidbynriew and the state.
I don't know how much money I've spent, it's tens of thousands of crores.
He said that Bah BI Nongsiej was his biggest supporter in the last election.
The assistant videographer was Larry DC Kharmalki, while the drone was piloted by Shallborn Paul Kharumnuid.
The Shillong Chess Meet will be held at Lady Hydari Park on Friday at 2:30pm.
Unfortunately those times will never return.
The High Court of Meghalaya received the mail at 5.45 pm on Tuesday.
The appearance of these pastors to contest the elections will be a blessing to the people because what is in their hearts to serve their fellow human beings will be revealed in this upcoming elections.
Surprisingly, even though the Police Department has a Cyber ​​Cell in Shillong and this is the age of online tracking, the State Police Department has not done anything against this person regarding his racial insults against them. state of Meghalaya.
There are 176 recoveries, 139 from East Khasi Hills, 20 from West Garo Hills, 5 from Ribhoi and 5 from West Jaintia Hills.
As a thank you, the Raid also honored the Syiem along with the Ministers and Lyngdohs on this occasion.
The statement said that the Congress party believes that the people of the state understand the subject of politics and do not want the state to be free from religious groups. Shillong: U Bah Sony Khyriem, on Saturday, joined the Congress party.
It may be recalled that the members from Meghalaya left for Assam on Tuesday to meet with the authorities of Kamrup District and today they went to the ground to see and hear what they said. The people have a say in the border settlement talks between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong: The State Government today submitted a report to the House on the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew last year.
Prestone said he wanted to clarify the issue as there are reports that are starting to misunderstand the names of the beneficiaries under the scheme.
During the inspection, it was also found that many shops have been selling these items, due to the lack of knowledge that the law has not been implemented.
In the first innings, NEHU Shillong beat MeECL by 31 runs.
Police said the vehicle was carrying people from Mawblang village, Ri Bhoi District to a retreat center at Umroi Nongrah after it caught fire on its way back.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the Block Offices are like a bridge connecting the government and the people, and for this reason the government wants to improve and enhance the working of the Block Offices. these offices.
in website as there are some listed prospect I am gifting them today.
The incident happened at Upper Dolonggre on the National Highway-51 between Jengjal and Rongram at 11 pm.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister said that in fact, the resignation of Parliamentary Secretary Bah Lamboklang Mylliemngap is not necessary.
Therefore, a high school for young people to train in agriculture should be located in West Khasi Hills.
The inability to resolve the border with Bangladesh as well as with Assam has been a shame for the state as a whole.
It is said that after killing, he cut off the head of the mother in his own house.
A fierce clash has broken out in Tengnoupal, Manipur, today, where troops from the Assam Rifles have raided the area.
Orendro Kharjahrin, who named it “Ka Shnong Sakwang”, said that this day is a memorable day in the history of the family, the church and especially the village of Sakwang. it will be of great help and benefit to those who read it.
However, the lynter bniat nar that is used to make a pdok or jaiñ phong is also called a chain.
In fact, the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) has staged a protest against the BJP government's decision to abolish the 500 and 1000 notes and to undermine the powers of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). , will lead to corruption in this financial institution.
The incident began with the arrest of Eibun Siangshai (35) and taken to the Lad Rymbai Police Station.
Shillong: U MDC of the United Democratic Party, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the state needs skilled leaders. he was sent by the officers.
The 16 groups include KKC Seinraij Jowai, Student, Dulong, Karbi Troupe, Guwahati, Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Sengkhasi. Loomkham, Sunshine Shillong and Loomkyrwiang.
He said that in the talks between the union leaders and the owners of these petrol pumps, they have reached an agreement, but what they have a little problem is with the Dorbar Shnong Bhoirymbong Lumdaitkhla, because there are jyrwit jyrwat and it is very difficult, because if they meet or talk through the phone, there is a handshake with each other, which means that they don't want to forgive each other for their mistakes, but they want to fight. markynti, in which as a party you will have to accept it.
In talks with officials of the state sports department, officials told Sacheti that the plastic field at the JN Stadium has witnessed about 10,000 matches.
A total of 1,393 people have recovered.
The program was conducted outside the garden as well as in the forest in compliance with the government's standard operating procedures (SOPs).
The NGT, in its judgment, said that the coal has been seized by the Supreme Court and it will not take any decision on the matter.
The JMB will have no source of income and relies on various schemes of the central and state governments and this year, the JMB has not received any scheme from the central government as well as from the government. state.
The Minister said that this issue is a problem for all states and not only for Meghalaya.
As a Foundation our goal is to help and support those in need.
We sell to foreigners at the price that our fellow citizens ask for, tomorrow we will buy back from them, don't we? If we can't do it now, is there any hope for tomorrow? The problem now in our country is that our fellow countrymen have sold their country for the sake of greed or wealth. desire glory, but in the end it leads to slavery.
Guwahati: Gujarat MLA Jignesh Mevani has been arrested again by Assam police after being granted bail yesterday.
In South West Khasi Hills District, 37 cases have been confirmed out of 15 cases, 22 cases have recovered and no deaths have been reported.
To date, there are 287 Producer Groups including 1876 households.
In Italy, 119 people have died of Covid-19, down from 130 a day earlier.
So they stood out in the field.
Narendra Singh Tomar – Minister of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare; Minister of Rural Development; and Minister of Panchayati Raj8
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KNM) has informed the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through a letter dated 30th July 2020 and 10th July .
Jowai, Jymmang 01: The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has scheduled a cleaning drive for the Myntdu River to be held tomorrow, 2nd June,
Fourteen more people have died of coronavirus in Assam today, bringing the total number of deaths to The number of cases in the country has risen to 2,1
All those who benefit are the elderly, men and women, children and those with disabilities.
The $500 million donation will be used to strengthen Taiwan's defense forces so that they can be prepared for any conflict or attack on Taiwan. which time is unknown.
(4) The loss of wild fruits.
"The Meghalaya Pollution Control Board is not responsible for ensuring that the emissions from vehicles are still running," the statement said.
Not only that, this power outage, has been alleged by many, that it was suddenly turned off and without prior notice, to the public, by announcing the places to be turned off in the newspapers. , especially in the Khasi newspapers, which circulate across Ri Khasi Jaintia and it was accepted, that this is an act of violence and harassment by the management of MeECL, without violating the rights of the firefighters in the Statewide.
According to information received, at about 3 pm on Tuesday, police received a tip about the theft of a motorcycle (ML-05R-2763) from Mawlai Mawkynroh.
On the other hand, the JSU has warned other foreigners and village leaders not to take advantage or issue NOC or any syrnot to foreigners and the JSU demands that the Minister of State should Ayush Kumar's MBBS doctorate should be removed from the list and should be given to the indigenous people.
The eastern part of the Sutnga Hima was given to Nowgong, the western part to Sylhet (Shilot), the Kutsajar area to North Cachar, and the Labang-Nangphyllut Doloiship. They are the Jaintia (Pnar) of the British Government within the boundary of the Jowai Sub-Division or within the boundary of the United Khasi & Jaintia Hills.
Through the Early Childhood Development Mission, the Chief Minister said the government has allocated to upgrade 2148 Anganwadi Centers and to open new Centers in 1500 villages.
Shillong: The sharp decline in the price of synsar in these days has upset the farmers of the riwar area as many households rely on this commodity to supply their crops.
However, to turn to the hospital, to immediately meet the urgent needs of the hospital in the area, so that the doctors, staff and patients can get a better health facility, such as There are no other health facilities in the state.
There are 1566 residents who can elect the Dolloi and four polling stations have been set up including Mynso A, Mynso B, Samatan and Thadbamon.
?" asked Bah Shanbor. "I don't know.
In a statement, BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that the people of Meghalaya have turned away from the old parties which make only unnecessary promises and the people have now turned to the BJP. “Bah Bindo should resign from the post of Working President of the UDP, because he has tried to mislead the people and divide the nation in the name of religion,” said Bah Kurkalang.
The Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSD) in collaboration with the District Skill Development Society (DSC) on 21st November held a Skill Development Program at Trysem Hall DC Office, Nongstoin.
In the first leg, Tyrchang beat Takhniang 1-0 with Henris Kharpomtiah scoring the first goal for Tyrchang in the 32nd minute.
“All those involved in the attack on Council employees and journalists should be arrested immediately and punished according to the law,” said Bah Jyrwa.
You are being persecuted in this way.
Secretary of the Synod Committee, Bah Harvest Siangshai and Member of the Synod Committee, Samla Jespar.
This meeting was for those who want to learn more about Aadhaar, since the idea of ​​unique identification came up in 1999, the implementation of U PA since II, the Government in NDA II, state governments, banks, mobile companies and others, petitions against the implementation of Aadhaar, SC Ruling on Right to Privacy, Aadhaar and Schedule VIth SC's interim order on the implementation of Aadhaar and SC's final ruling on Aadhaar.
With the victory, Liverpool, who top the Premier League table, have 57 points, Manchester City 50 points, Tottenham Hotspur 48 points and Chelsea 47 points.
We sincerely hope that the CEMs, EMs and officers who are currently in charge of Trade in the District Councils of the State will not change the purpose of the Sixth Schedule.
The union also demands that the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District should take action to look into the problems faced by the people in coming and going. Narpuh area, the union demands that such a problem should be resolved immediately on the national highway in Narpuh area.
Sharmili Datta Gupta, who lives in Doha, opens her FIFA account every day to see when FIFA will announce the sale of tickets again.
During the raid, the Seng found about 140 foreigners who did not have proper labor licenses to prove that they have been authorized to come to work in the country. The Seng has evacuated all these foreigners to their respective places.
Furthermore, the Revolution will also fight against corruption and other issues of education to unite and love the dignity of fellow Khasi.
He alleged that the officer in charge of Borsora outpost has been involved in illegal collection of money from traders in the area.
He said that the KHADC is the authority to protect us the minorities but the BJP party does not understand the problems of the people of our area.
This shows that even the department does not know how to treat imported pigs.
Speaking at a meeting held at Lummawbah, the MLA said that as a leader, he doesn't like to lay the foundation stone without seeing that the work will start.
If I follow the rules that after 10 days of quarantine no more tests are required I am still a spreader, because I am a journalist, I can get out around.
Earlier, Ms Sukjai Swer from the college, said that the enrichment of the language should not come only from itself but should also be borrowed from other languages ​​as the English language has done. riew spah because of the translation of different languages.
Regarding the non-completion of the building, the RBSU also urged the government to take action so that it will be for the benefit of the users of the building. to release all the money is like a waste of public money.
Player-of-the-match Bilgrak G Sangma scored 3/17, Gulgul Sangma scored 4/24 and Chimbara Sangma scored 2/2
Roykupar said the State Government should ensure that the NCERT books to be used in schools should reflect the heritage of the indigenous people of Meghalaya especially in terms of the contribution of indigenous writers in the field of literature. State.
Furthermore, Bah Dkhar alleged that Bah Tynsong has incited their group on many issues and recalled the recent incident of a gathering of teachers in which they were beaten up. which happened in a campaign.
The players of Khliehmyntriang SC tried their best to score but couldn't succeed and in the end Rymbai Madanpynriang SC won the title.
He also praised the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and the State Government which is building a new Legislative Assembly.
Fearing being arrested by the state forest officials and police, they decided to pass through the highway, but from Kyndongtuber they passed through the Kyndongtuber-Nangbah road to Nartiang and from Nartiang through the Nartiang Nongpoh road to leave. to Mawlasnai and not to Umiang Industrial Estate.
Furthermore, the Chief Guest urged the youth of the village to avoid bad habits through alcoholic beverages because if the youth get involved in these types of beverages it will destroy the value of their lives.
In this regard, he spoke to the Minister by phone and the letter promised that the CM will look into the letter sent by the Prime Minister and told him that he is not don't have to worry about this.
However, the government has now sent schools to use books produced by private companies.
Thangsning SCC beat Friends United CC by five wickets while Lumpaia Avengers CC beat Pomshutia CC by five wickets. United CC, Thangsning SCC, which won the toss and elected to bat first, beat Friends United CC for 112 runs for the loss of 8 wickets in 20 overs.
Besides the experts, Waheh Shnong Bah A. Bareh, Incharge of Saphai Police Outpost Bah R. Syngkon, Adviser of HWW&DO Bah C. Sungoh and President Kong O. Suchiang also delivered speeches.
SPARK also invites and encourages all those who have responsibility to come forward and share the heavy responsibilities to work for the welfare of children.
The new Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, has laid out several issues that the new Executive Committee will take up including the Sixth Schedule Amendment, the visit to the border areas in Block-II and other areas, and will monitor the recognition of the Khasi language besides the implementation of the Clan Administration Bill which is pending approval by the Governor.
Shillong: The President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie on Friday demanded the appointment of a CBI team to investigate the case of According to the report submitted to the CAG for the Suabhagya Scheme, the village electricity supply scheme has been submitted to the CAG.
“We have started making a documentary to gather information on the struggle for the state,” he said.
He said that hotels have been directed to deploy skilled police officers and not to accommodate people who cannot provide identification and not to allow children without their presence. parents.
So, I urge that if you buy from outside don't buy at all if there is no more seal," she said.
After the victory, the 20-year-old Carlos will have to prepare himself for a face-off against 2021 runner-up Stefanos Tsitsipas or Australian Sebastian Ofner.
The WJH Police Chief also urged the tourists to provide plastic bags, food bags or any other items inside their vehicles and to break them back at the designated places. especially not to spread.
On the other hand, the teachers have suspended their strike and will wait for the outcome of the talks tomorrow morning and hope that the government will do something for them. After convening the meeting in the capacity of Additional Chief Secretary.
Shillong: The 11th Gorkha Regiment together with Nepalis left for Langpih at 1 pm today to build a police outpost in the area which still falls under the border of the state. Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the new party should also look carefully from now on to ensure that the candidates and leaders it takes should be responsible and have no bad marks in the service of the people.
Pele, the world's greatest footballer, is no more.
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit (AIM) today visited Umsning Village and held a public meeting in the presence of many residents of Umsning Village. Umsning, Ribhoi District who were present to witness.
KSU Narpuh Circle has launched a campaign to collect work permits and labor licenses from foreign workers working at the tollgate in Narpuh Circle. I'm going to Lumshnong on Thursday.
Alto K10 VXI White Coat Rs 2,80,000/- Land Rs 650 per Sqft Area 6350 Sqft.
Ranikor Constituency has also been affected by Garoland because Martin Danggo has left the Congress which won him and has now joined the NPP. “The residents of Rambrai-Jyrngam Constituency have voted for the MLA of Ranikor,” he said.
The foundation stone was laid near the Lakyntiang River which is one of the rivers maintained by the Amlanai Unit.
Police have registered a case against them and the investigation is ongoing.
Why don't the people see that? We have enough islands to prove it.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr A War, Director of Health Services (MI), said that the government's SOP is still in force in hospitals and one of them is the illness of one person. the guards in the hospitals, it is still going on these days; However, he said, “This rule will be resolved soon, when the disease has subsided”.
He said that although the decision to build this building came from the authorities in power, it was the hard work, imagination and money spent by the people of India that was used to build this building. .
For more information, please contact the President or Secretary of Samla Seng Khasi Riwar Mihngi, Tant Shillong at
Sanbor Shullai MLA Laban said he did not think that the people of Nongstoiñ would understand and accept the BJP by coming to join on this day.
“We will take strong protest measures because the government does not believe in our demands,” said Bah Paul. organized to meet him even after they asked for permission to meet.
These songs have been composed by the candidates themselves to suit them along with the party they stand for, the shap of their party and the constituency they are running for, and even the candidates themselves. they have their own songs.
“Pleng, accepting the position of longkpa is a great honor.
Opposition leaders, including Manmohan Singh, Rahul Gandhi, Congress President, Sonia Gandhi, UPA leader, businessmen, filmmakers and many other foreign leaders, An estimated 8,000 people attended the swearing-in ceremony of Modi and his cabinet.
The Rangbah Shnong has been elected every night as in the mid-term elections in Mawrynkneng constituency.
Many of them have been injured and have severely disrupted the traffic of others.
For those who wish to visit the beauty of Syntung and Nonghulew by car, they can pass through Smit to Thangsning-Lad Diengsai-Rapleng-Jongsha. Syntung and Nonghulew.
Shillong, March 01: The Congress MLA from Nartiang, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that he will look into whether to apply for a ticket from the Congress and this will be done later.
He is the son of Helina Pakyntein and the late Kendro War Passah.
The show was organized by the Khasi Indigenous Foundation as part of the preservation of the culture and traditions of the Paid Khasi people. The winners were awarded to the Directors of the Foundation including Precious Stone Sumer, Niman N Shadap, Seaspiar Tangliang and Pyniolad Kyndiah.
Speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the seminar, Bah Pangniang said that the seminar is very important and the society should stand up quickly to fight against many. violence against women.
Manipur and Assam played in the afternoon between Dr Vijay Kumar D IAS, Co-Chairman of the 2nd NEOG 2022 and Commissioner and Secretary, Shivansh Awasthi IAS, Director of Sports. and Youth Affairs witnessed the match and congratulated the players.
Shillong, Lber 20: About 40 houses have been destroyed by heavy rainfall on Saturday night in Erpakon village in Ri-Bhoi district.
This means only in Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
Bah Risingbor is a lover of music and was inspired by his friend.
Shillong: The price of synsar in 2023 has dropped significantly compared to previous years and according to information from the Mawiong market, the price of synsar this month has reached only 101, , or 103 cents per kilogram.
He said that there are many jobs available if the youth work hard.
The Government of Meghalaya is committed to achieving the sustainable development goals as outlined in the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Agenda
LPS and Thangrai Govt.
JETS24x7 on Tuesday submitted a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem demanding that the Council should no longer allow trading. License to other Taxi Aggregators in accordance with Section 3A (1) (b) of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulations, 1954 (As Amended).
Lorenza, who competed in the women's Kick Light 60 Kg category, won the silver medal.
Before the polio drop, the whole world was badly affected by polio.
Which is a Church which has fallen from the faith from the Word of God to the will of the people, and that Church does not dare to deceive or oppress the believers and is governed according to the wishes of the believers.
This happened after a protest at the DC Office Khliehriat yesterday against the government's decision to allow these Dewbilat Companies to transport coal from Assam. to give way only to those already on the road.
The event was attended by a song by the children, a dance by the Khasi Mawlai Seng and a special song by Bah D Wankhar.
Other speakers included Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, District Social Welfare Officer, R. Passah.
He said that God will bless the youth as he has worked hard to bring about the state so the youth should also work hard so that one day their struggle will succeed.
Writers like Bah LG Shullai Balakhlad, Bah EMR Syiem, Dr. IM Nongbri and others have written a lot about these groups but the sad thing is that many even among the village or hima rulers are not smarter than them. read.
The Government has recently decided to increase the MHIS medical assistance from T.4,900 per day to T.60,000 per day through MHIS for those undergoing treatment for COVID-1 .
In East Jaintia Hills, 3 cases, 3 cases in Ri-Bhoi, 16 cases in West Khasi Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 9 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases from Armed Forces and 6 cases from civilians. There are 10 cases in South Garo Hills.
The heaviest traffic jam is inside Umkiang village on National Highways NH-06, where it started from 23rd June to 1st October.
The incident happened at 10:15 pm on Tuesday night at Nongbah.
Even the District Council, which is the authority to maintain and protect the rights of the residents to land, is not allowed to challenge the decision.
Shillong: Unidentified persons on Friday night detonated a petrol bomb inside Karbi Bhavan near Pine Mount School.
We will look into other implementations on this bridge before the rainy season.
The photographs and videos that have been circulating around the incident on that day show who is responsible and who is doing the wrong thing.
That reservation should be there, but who else gets those jobs? How many tens of thousands of young people will benefit from the Reservation Policy? Those who get more jobs are the rich and not the poor. get the book, the share is not there.
Md Siraj Ali, Bharat Gurung and Vikram Marbaniang took two wickets each.
Three people have died from the virus, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1536 and 189 new cases on Friday. I'm from East Khasi Hills District.
This is in accordance with the policy of the Meghalaya Investment Promotion and Facilitation Bill 2024 to be introduced in the Budget Session this year.
Shillong, Nailar 26 : The GSU and other civil society organizations in Garo Hills today resumed their second phase of protest by blocking the offices of MeECL due to overcrowding. Your power supply in Garo Hills.
There are many reasons and one of these reasons is the victory of its candidate, Ma Vincent Pala, in the last MP election, which shows that the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, have confidence. He has easily defeated the candidate who was supported by half a dozen political parties in the MDA coalition government. There are two issues to consider and these are (i) a senior leader who will work for the party in the Khasi Jaintia Hills and then ( ii) that Ma Vincent Pala, who won the MP elections last year, should be responsible for the preparations for the 2023 elections.
“Although we have not decided yet, the voice of many is that Conrad should win from South Tura,” said Bah Bindo.
“We have issued an EO to implement the construction of houses within the KHADC boundary which has been approved by the Executive Committee,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jayson said that the reason why he joined the PDF was after he saw that it is indeed a party that he has hope for. especially for the building and preservation of the country and the nation.
Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine in which Belarus has been used as a country to support Russia in its invasion, many of the international organizations They have also implemented the approval and directive of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) not to allow athletes from these two countries to compete in any tournament.
The kind words we speak, our listening and patience with them, will remove the clouds of temptation that are in their souls.
Because when you say “Worship” you mean to fall to the ground.
The kur organizations or kurs shall register their jait kur within the Jowai Elaka and identify the kur and only the kurs who establish the Jowai Elaka shall be the owners of the Raij.
As it turns out, the project involved building a drain to drain water from below.
It is very difficult for those villages which are not already in the old urban and suburban areas because many of the houses are old and have not been built for more than 40 or 50 years. and more, but nevertheless when there are any new buildings it is necessary to implement these rules which will make it easier for the owners themselves later.
“On the border with Block II, these communities have received land.
However, it was an oppression for the teachers as the government immediately sent them to sit in front of the toilet near the Additional Secretariat.
“A'king Nokma in Garo Hills District is not only the headman or Rangbah Shnong.
After seven years of driving, Kong Joycy wanted to turn her passion for driving into a livelihood and without thinking of trying to work in other fields.
And he gave a speech saying, “You’re good kids.
The tournament was inaugurated by Eric Kevin Dkhar BDO Umling C&RD Block as the chief guest in the presence of Ronald Kydon L Nonglait. Liza Muktieh, Bobby L Nongbet, DSO Nongpoh, parents of the children and others.
Shillong, March 22 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has expressed its concern over the unemployment situation in Meghalaya.
In Ahmedabad, five of these patients are admitted to the Civil Hospital in Asarva every day.
U Bah Aiban Swer in his speech , said that everyone has heard only the name of the Sohra umngap because of its cleanliness and now the department expects in the coming years that the umngap of Mawryngkneng Village will be in the same position if those who have received assistance take seriously the work.
The two Chief Ministers of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh met in Namsai, Arunachal Pradesh on Thursday and signed the agreement to resolve the border issue.
Documents required for verification include Aadhaar card and government identity cards.
It is expected that by noon, the names of the winners of the Garo Hills District Council elections will be announced.
Public offices should not be used as places of worship.
Royal Challengers Bangalore leading batsman Virat Kohli has been fined the same amount for violating the same rule and has accepted his conviction for the violation. Level 2 under Article
During elections, there are sometimes allegations of violation of the provisions of Section 126 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951 by TV channels in broadcasting debates and other news and pro cramp.
Look at the murder of the school children, the perpetrators have not been traced yet.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Three foreign shops in Polo Market up to 4th Furlong, Shillong on Tuesday after the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle called for a The raid was conducted after receiving complaints from many residents that many of the shops run by foreigners in the Polo area are dirty and dirty.
“They spoke to me yesterday and I have already sent a report on the articles in the media, they have already promised to do whatever is necessary.
“Therefore, we issue this order that the Secretary should appear with a bail of T.20,000 and should ensure that he arrives on the next hearing,” said the High Court.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: One hundred persons have been arrested in connection with the riots in Charbatapara village, said the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Bah FR Kharkongor on Friday.
Half an hour later, the forward added his second goal in the 38th minute.
“However, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has the authority to arrest the members of the party if they come to the state. to conduct investigations and have the power to judge, which is known as the Quasi Judicial Institution, so the party has a little doubt.
Furthermore, it was reported that there are residents who have never visited the village and have moved to other villages but their names are still appearing exactly on the lists of contractors.
New Delhi, March 12: The Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government on Tuesday approved the new scheme known as the Prime Minister's Development Initiative for North East Region (PM-DevINE) to be implemented by the 15th Finance Commission. for the year 2022-2
There are 354 recoveries and 7 deaths.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Four children from Nongkseh Rim village, Upper Shillong have gone to the river to fish for Dohthli.
Dog or pig eggs can be treated in the same way.
The incident occurred in the early hours of Thursday morning, July 9, while people were sleeping.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has strongly urged the government to oppose the decision of the state government to allow foreign workers to work in the country. state.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 4, EKH: 35, NGH: 1, RBD: 12, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 4, WGH: 7, WJH: 14 and WKH: .
Whether we suspect or believe that it is those people who have been known to be robbers or menshohnoh, who have killed our son or daughter, we should not retaliate by killing them.
“Marchborn has come,” said the brother who was standing in the doorway.
Here we see clearly that the problem we as a nation are facing is not money, but the root of the problem we are facing is indeed more serious than money.
We need to play chess or farsighted because a country without farsighted leaders will disappear.
The Minister did not want to talk at length on the matter but said that whatever should be done should be done in accordance with the law.
According to Jewish philosophy, such a life is a life of peace.
They informed the teachers that they were the fathers of the child and lied that the mother was ill and could not pick up the child from school.
In our own village we are no longer happy and we have fled,” he said.
These include spouses, children, grandchildren, relatives, friends, relatives, who do not need to obtain permits when visiting relatives, he said.
“Regarding the sohkhliang, many people say that it is not appropriate to build Rehabilitation Centers in the villages, but the Dorbar Shnongs should understand that these problems do not happen only within five or seven villages. villages but it is spread throughout the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the decision of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to demand the resignation of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma is still standing.
The method of planting rice from the sara is not used in Khasi-Jaintia, but this method has been found all over the world to be better, although it may be. which is not very useful in places where the wages of the workers are high.
Prices of food items such as umphniang, dai, and others may rise in these days, according to Dkhar traders.
Therefore, we should not misunderstand that if we say that we have our own Hima or Elaka, how many more countries do we have in Bri Hynniewtrep? And in the Bri Hynniewtrep there are many kurs and jait and if we count those different kurs we count that they are different then how many jait will there be in the Bri Hynniewtrep?  If we add these tribes together, we will get the Khasi people.
The training was attended by young men and women from Khlokynring, Shangpung Khliehrangnah, Mynska, Saphai, Thadmuthlong and Mustem.
“If we look at the MDC elections in 2019 where the voters of Laban are only Khasi while only 40 out of 100 voters.
“As a nation we have the potential for change. If we want to unite, we can succeed.
It was also decided that the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya will visit Khanduli-Psiar, one of the border crossings in Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills districts in the last month of April.
We also request the people to come forward because the HNYF is ready to help but it will be on the basis that they will meet us face to face.
Vehicles coming from Jaiaw to Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh and Umsohsun will have to enter through Jaiaw Shyiap Road and go straight to Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh as the road from Syiem Mylliem's ​​office to Wahingdoh will not be allowed.
They suggest that if you don't want to contest an election, you shouldn't have less than Rs 2 crore and if you have a lot of money, you can win the election.
All the facts in this video have been deleted when they appeared and it appeared that the workers living in Tamil Nadu were attacked.
He said that in fact the people and many people have not expected that the elections will be held in November and they still expect that they will be held until July or June.
When asked whether the arrested JCO has any links with any rebel group in Manipur, the chief of police said, “We are investigating him from all sides to find him. whether it has any connection with armed groups and groups with which it works and what its purpose and objectives are.
He said that Government schools should be well equipped in service delivery as most of the Government schools have trained teachers.
He said that he expects that there will be no less than 3000 Khlieh Nongsynshar from all over the Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District, today at about 2 pm, has summoned all the land vendors in Khyndailad area on the grounds of cleaning up the area.
It is only a forest market and many of them are empty-handed and illegally working in this 4kilo market.
The beef vendors have many ideas to continue the strike, then to move the market from Khanapara to Byrnihat and perhaps they have many other ideas, but the The fear is that they may be beaten later and that their minds may not work at all.
Two days before the start of the Durand Cup in the country, the organizers have announced that on the opening day of the oldest tournament in India, free tickets will be allowed. for supporters and witnesses.
It has also taken responsibility in the social and administrative areas.
Shillong: There have been 151 new cases of coronavirus in the state, the Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War today said. There are 1,534 cases in the state.
The four Congress Ministers, Alamgir Alam, Rameshwar Oraon, Banna Gupta and Badal Patralekh, who have held posts in the Ministry of Rural Development, Finance and Civil Supplies, Ministry of Health and Agriculture.
"“On the 21st of this month, the police conducted a search operation against the suspect and at about 3:00 pm, while he was parking his vehicle at Dosti Hotel, Ladrymbai, two persons. enter your car.
“Ei Hep, my father said yesterday that if you come here, I will take you to the mountain,” said Lydia. “Yes, I will go...” Hep replied.
PwD voters and Senior Citizen voters can apply for the Postal Ballot through Form 12D, which will be distributed by the BLOs and any PwD and Senior Citizen voters who wish to apply for the Postal Ballot. They can submit these forms to the BLO within 5 days of the notification of the Election.
“It is through the voice of the people that I will come forward to contest the upcoming elections,” said Bah Khan.
U Bah Donkupar Sumer, his family and thousands of supporters today left home to join the NPP to vote for the UDP party. Jason Mawlong, NPP candidate for Umsning Constituency.
“Because I have stayed in the countryside, the party will return me to the countryside, and from Mawsynram I don't have any intention to contest because after I won MDC from Pynthorumkhrah, I feel close to this constituency.
After a while, police arrived but left the scene while the injured were taken to hospital for treatment.
However, Patricia said that Bah Paul is trying to protect the former Minister of State Kyrmen Shylla who was formerly in charge of the Social Welfare Department.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary.
Tyrsad, November 28: The Sarajanai Village Organization (SVO) in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Shillong has celebrated the Constitution Day of the country. Ri, to commemorate the adoption of the Constitution of the country in 1949 by the leaders of the country.
We hope that the VPP MLAs will be the soldiers who are vigilant and will monitor the spending of this government because as we have seen in the past three years, many promises have been made but the fulfillment of those promises remains in the air.
Who wants to give the money earned by the smugglers to the police? Another problem is the spread of drugs.
The source said that there are some issues that the central and state governments are still resolving together before the second phase of the peace talks.
These joys encourage the children to prepare books.
Before I conclude, I would like to ask all of you who read this article, whether you are old or young, boys and girls, to be polite, respectful and humble so that the world will love and glory to you.
Ramesh, fortunately, escaped from the bomb blast yesterday; Four of those who escaped from jail on Saturday were shot dead in the forest of Shangpung village yesterday.
Allan Sun Marbaniang, a UBC Police Officer at Police Reserve Nongpoh, has also represented the state at the 44th National Arm Wrestling Championship 2022 which was held recently in Hyderabad. He also won silver medals in the 85kg Senior Men category in the left and right arm.
He said that the NPP is getting stronger and stronger across the state and admitted that soon eight MLAs from other political parties will join the NPP to contest. from the Court in the 2023 elections.
“The government should not just watch because when the Meghalaya government brings development projects in the areas that do not belong to the state in the border areas, the Assam law enforcement agencies have the power to damage or stop them. “These development projects have been taken by the Meghalaya government,” said the North Shillong MLA.
The BJP, through Tilok Dasgupta, who is in charge of legal affairs in the state, has demanded that the laws be amended to ensure that the District Forums in the state work properly.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: U KM Lytan, former MDC of 16 Shangpung Constituency, has clarified that he allegedly stole the names of seven people to buy tin sopiing (CGI sheet). 6 lakh is wrong because he did not do that, he said that he did not withdraw the money in the name of others, he said that this is a sign of insult to me at such times.
Once upon a time, when I worked hard, I was happy and accepted it,” said Kynsai and ate the bread.
The training was known as Empowering Indigenous Communities through Agroecology Learning Circles (ALC) for resilient, integrated and innovative natural resources management in collaboration with SURE in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society (NESFAS).
When they reached the gate of the Deputy Commissioner's office, the Sordar and the elders urged the people to be quiet and the people listened and obeyed their request.
SC Marak, Minister in charge of the Department, has resigned and promised to investigate the corruption until the root cause is found.
It is here that the government has been able to take advantage to delay or delay this work.
Airikmenlang Shabong is currently studying BA 1st year at St Anthony's College.
Speaking on the implementation of MGNREGS, Conrad said that under this Government, the allocation of funds for the MGNREGS Job Card Scheme, which has been the same for the last 20 years, has increased significantly.
“If tomorrow it is found that the fish have been tested again by the Safety Department, they will have to be removed immediately,” said Kong Ampareen.
Ohibait Dkhar said, “A foreigner is a foreigner, residents don't tell those who open and give them accommodation because later they will turn against us.
Parineeti and Raghav, who studied together at the London School of Economics and have been friends for many years, are also friends on Instagram.
Speeches were delivered by Thumbui Zaliang, General Secretary, Haroka Association Nagaland, Bai Taba, General Secretary, IFCSAP, Arunachal Pradesh, Balaram Pangcho, Adviser, Sansha Karbi Anglong, and Dr Lamalu Thaimei, Imphal University, Manipur. .
Please don't worry, we don't know who is from Meghalaya and who is from Sikkim.
The girl lives in the quarters of the security guards at Golf Club, Shillong.
But the government never invited them.
Dozens of Khasi in Umwali village have been injured in a bomb blast by the Assam police recently. In 2010, there was a death toll. in Langpih.
“The strike will be from 10 am to 4 pm,” said Bah Batkupar and added that KHNAM will hold other protests if the government does not listen.
Man cannot know the heart of another man, although we see that man does good, he prays to God, saying, "Oh Lord, Lord, he performs all the religious duties in the flesh. Many times we think that person is righteous but we don't know how righteous he is. For all men call upon God, O Lord, O Lord, help us.
On the other hand, the residents said that the deterioration of the transformer has also caused a huge loss to the residents especially to the school children who have started preparing for various examinations.
In the U-18 category, St Paul's Higher Secondary School won the overall championship.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah HDR said that in the past, they used to fight and fight, but now they have come together and this shows a sign of hope for the upcoming elections.
They were married in Naples on Tuesday, but they didn't have anyone to congratulate them on their marriage.
Shreya was the unbeaten batsman for 21 runs and Kimtera D. Sangma for 16 runs.
Often government-paid insurance alone is not enough.
They have also been empowered as the owners of land, wealth, income and also the owners of the jait.
There were 18 students from the area who were honored for their achievements in their studies, 14 students in SSLC, 9 students in HSSLC, 4 students in HSSLC. in Graduate and one in B.Tech.
Nongpoh, Nailar 16: A youth has lost his life after being hit by a Scooty while he was driving on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi.
For PHH rice, 5 kilos per head will be distributed free of charge, for AAY rice, 35 kilos per card will be distributed free of charge; Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per card at the price of 13 tyngka per kilo.
Dr.H.Rymbai congratulated the farmers who came, the Waheh Shnong / Shnong who provided the venue for the training, ICAR-NBPGR, ICAR RC-NEH, Umiam and KVK, West. Jaintia Hills who were ready to provide training on how to improve agriculture and income of farmers.
He criticized the government for how other small states in the region have received the Smart City project like Nagland and Sikkim.
Foreign officials, who are also paradoh para snam, are now in power and we are living in an era when the relationship between the rulers, government officials and traders is very close and close. .
Tremiki Phawa, 22, son of Regina Phawa and Samki Talang, residents of Wahiajer, Lumladaw, has been missing since morning
The report said that the forest cover has increased to 2,261 sq km in the last two years, but the forest cover has affected 501 sq km and the forest cover has increased to 501 sq km. The area of ​​land has increased to 2,612 sq km.
It is to this point that the Bible says – “He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not” (John 1:11).
Meghalaya, who won the toss, scored 3/59 runs for Arbin Singh.
Diarrhea can be prevented by feeding children, hygiene, proper vaccination (especially against rotavirus and measles) and ensuring that food and drink are safe. disease.
Through the chapters in this book it is said that the British Government sent thousands of French troops to these hills to fight against the people of Kiang Nangbah.
The most special event of the 100th anniversary of Don Bosco Technical School was the design and construction of vehicles by the teachers and students who have completed their training at Don Bosco Technical School.
Shillong: After nine days and seven nights, the bodies of two persons who drowned in the Kyllang Laitlyngkot River have been found.
Ricaldinus said the AKMT urges the Minister of Tourism to create roads to provide parking spaces for tourist vehicles coming from outside the State to allow vehicles from outside the State. to guide tourists to the tourist attractions of Meghalaya, such as Sohra and Dawki.
Winola Sumer, Sd.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: More than four years have passed since the implementation of the Meghalaya Smoking Act 2011, but no one has violated the law. this law.
This shows the desire to improve the quality of these fish ponds.
Before, they talked about hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, lakhs and billions.
What they do is a sin in the sight of man and God.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday sent a complaint to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) against the NPP leader and CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. The party has been involved in the disruption of the NPP public meeting held on 8th June at Umsning, Ri Bhoi District.
Of these 29542, 14844 are females and 14698 are males.
Trash.
“The main purpose of the government in implementing this Act is to check and scrutinize the people who come to live in foreign houses and it is the duty of the residents to do so,” he said. to Mukul.
This is a problem in the world today and in the decades to come not only in India, not only in Meghalaya, but around the world, because this world is based on the oceans.
The NPP has brought in foreign officers to rule the state even though we have our own people, so I am confident that the people will not leave the UDP at this time,” he said. said.
Speakers including Sengbhalang leaders, village leaders and citizens said that in other states they are fighting as hard as they can to review or renew the Reservation Policy every 50 years, while in Meghalaya it has been 50 years. kynthih shall remain the same.
Last year, the government had selected ICICI Bank to implement the scheme and after the expiry of the deadline, the government had called a new tender to select the companies again.
She said that before the government signs the contract with the government, it will ensure that the workers are not discriminated against when they sign, although it will depend on their personal relationship where they sign the contract with the company as it was.
In Basketball 10 men and 10 women.
These teachers are not very many so the government cannot do anything for them by any means, said Bah Sawkmie.
It is different and easier for the children to have their own Dorbar to discuss issues that are important in the community and also to elect the office bearers of the Dorbar Khynnah who will lead the community.
Strongwell said the damage to his house has reached 10,000 tyngka and by the time he spoke to this reporter, he had spent more than T.2000 tyngka to buy tins and other items. He and his friends are still repairing the house.
Nongpoh: U Bah MG Kharshanlor, one of the leaders of Ri Bhoi District and owner of MG Project and owner of Raindrop Restaurant Cum Dhaba in Saiden, today honored Samla Anthony Syiem, Rangiakura. MMA who won the title in the recent tournament in Dubai.
Amedy was reportedly accompanied by a female colleague, Hayat Boumeddiene, 26, who is considered one of the most successful women.
However, I will not be able to contest this election for a reason.
All the shops in the area were closed, except for a few grocery stores and pharmacies; However, the surprising thing is that up to 4 or 5 mobile shops have fallen into this category and have opened without any knowledge.
Shillong, March 12: Upper Shillong has been in darkness for more than 6 hours this night. The power outage started at 4 pm and continued until 10 pm.
Nurul Islam has raped a 14-year-old girl at Ampati Police Station on 13th and 14th October
UASrinivasu said that Amrit Mahotsavka is a celebration of India's 75 years of victory.
Speaking to media after the meeting, MPCC Secretary Charles Marngar said that in the midst of the crisis of the Congress party, due to the lack of leadership, but The party today confirmed its new office bearers.
Once the students have completed their Senior School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) or Matriculation, they have to continue their studies in Shillong or have to walk tens of miles to reach the Higher Secondary School (10 +2) closest.
Therefore, he said that if Donbestar Syiemlieh wants to get the Professional Licence, he will have to fight for about 20 rounds.
STEDS President Daiaperbha Lamare said the festival will be held near the Lukha River and the aim is to promote tourism which is one of the ways to create job opportunities for the youth.
In an interview with James, Adelbert said that if he joins the ARPA, it may also consider him for the vacant post of Dy.Chairman. and he said that he had asked for a letter from Mr. James if he wanted to join.
West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WKA) on Tuesday beat West Khasi Hills DCA by seven wickets in the Zone 1 (Group-B) of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament. Umbuda, Nongpoh.
As usual, the Wamon offered a sacrifice at Law Kyntang and then followed by the Pastieh dance with the participation of Wamon, Doloi, Langdoh, Rangbah Kur and other servants. religion rules with the sound of ksing and dhah.
“According to our view, Bah Arnest Mawrie President of the BJP is the best person to lead the BJP party in Meghalaya today, who speaks the truth and who is willing to expose the corruption in GHADC and JHADC, at the same time on the illegal coal trade in the state, the president has spoken the truth especially the corruption in GHADC & JHADC by speaking through the evidence received through RTI,” said the MDCs. He said that regarding the illegal coal trade, the facts are revealed every day especially the death of seven people in Rymbai Elaka who were mining coal and the overturning of coal trucks in the area. The state has confirmed the statement of the President of the BJP that there is a lot of corruption in the coal trade.
India on Tuesday was shocked after a video surfaced of the rape of two women in Manipur.
The Minister also acknowledged that the North East is the most beautiful region in the country and he is confident that what this region has to offer will also be an opportunity for the people of this region. be quick to deal with any problems.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday promised to talk to the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) on the delay in announcing the results of the Diploma in Elementary examination. Education (D.EL.ED) now for 5 years.
I take the mistake of signing the letter belonging to a child named Muskaan Kumari who is the daughter of the Assistant Teacher,” he said.
Ka Sur u Paidbah Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, in a letter, said that after the government has allowed taxis to operate, it has ordered them to carry only 3 passengers at the same price as before.
The VPP members reached the road opposite the DC's office and stayed there until they left.
Members of the Sein Raij from different villages of Ialong including Khliehshnong, Khliehphyrngap, Mulang, Luti Tuber, Shnong Thymme, Kur Pale and Sein Raij Wahiajer and also from Nongkhyllep. Rong' is beautifully built on the holy pond known as 'Pyrda' in Ialong.
Together with AMTRON, the NEC will also provide training on 5G Applications in 8 states in the region, which will start and operate in the next 2 to 3 months as well as open up many opportunities. access routes because 5G has started working now.
On the other hand, I praise Bah J.Wanniang for being a brave man who although he works for the government but he is willing to go and campaign for Kong Badariti around the market even in the market.
Regarding the arrival of the child in Maharashtra, it was said that in 2016, when the child was 16 years old, she was led by a Khasi woman named Kong Wancy Dorphang. She promised in front of her family that she would take her to Maharashtra to send her to school and also to take good care of her.
Public Prosecutor PL Sebastian said that the Investigating Officer (IO) will submit his investigation report tomorrow Friday as some of the arrested persons have lodged a complaint with the the High Court against the order of the Fast Track Court.
The government's search for land for the Harijans comes after strong opposition from the Dorbar Shnongs and civil society to the government's plan to allocate three acres of land near the RP Chest Hospital in Mawbah.
Shillong, November 23: The GCCM on Thursday sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne to remind him. regarding the demand for the urgent resolution of the delays under the Mylliem Act 2007; The Chairman of the GCCM, Bah John F. Kharshiing, said that many letters have been sent to many CEMs and EMs of the Elaka over the years. the KHADC on the need to urgently resolve the issues under the Mylliem Act 2007; Mylliem Rule 2015 and the Appointment Act 1959 and the Appointment Rule 2015, but to date we have not seen any action from the KHADC to resolve many of the shortcomings in these Acts and Rules which are the reasons for the The absence of a proper Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima within the Hima Mylliem.
The Khasi Indigenous Foundation has announced that the Foundation will hold a Khasi Traditional Show Online where those who wish to participate in the competition must wear traditional costumes. Khasi-Pnar culture.
He said the Act clearly states that the movement of Indians should not be restricted or restricted from entering any part of India but should be facilitated.
As soon as the forests were released, they built bungalows and many quarters for foreign workers to work and live in the same area.
His encouragement has brought about affordable and accessible health care in Meghalaya and is now on the path of improving in this regard.
In the letter, the General Secretary expressed his delight as the party sees a bright future for Meghalaya and the North East as a whole. East Policy to Act East Policy which is progressing towards implementation.
Speaking to reporters in Punjab, Jakhar, while criticizing the Congress and Aam Aadmi Party, said that the promises, threats and use of words that They have been the reward for these wrongdoings because the people have known and understood that when they have development projects and benefits in the country, no one can agree with Modi.
Rupang also spoke to one of the leaders of the HSPDP, the party which has been strongly involved in the ILP protest in recent days, where the party has also conducted public awareness campaigns around the area. Witting Mawsor said that after seeing that the political parties have turned away from the ILP to seek those laws against mynder, the HSPDP is not silent, but “Until now, we have been waiting for the name of the law, and what is inside that law – whether it benefits the people or not? and it is acceptable,” said Bah Mawsor.
The Secretary to the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary said that out of those cows, 5884 have recovered, 101 have died and 2192 are still infected. pain.
Therefore, to ensure the cleanliness of the river, the Dorbar Shnong Siatbakon has banned vehicles and any persons from polluting the river. Vehicles from outside the Shnong are not allowed to enter the area without the permission of the Rangbah Shnong.
“Through this tablet distributed by the government, students can use it to prepare for the engineering examination, medical examination and others equal to the rank in the country,” he said.
New Delhi: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has brought the health sector to the forefront as one of the seven key pillars of 'Atmanirbhar Bharat' '.
The people are now wise and don't need to hear from him or the MLA that they have put ronsing on their work or even those MLAs who are smart enough to announce every day that they are giving schemes to the villages. , schools, groups and others in other villages.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has now implemented the National Electoral Rolls Purification and Authentication Program (NER PAP).
The court strongly criticized the Indian government for allowing the use of oxygen to copper and petrol factories while not providing oxygen to other essential industries.
However, many of them died in
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the job card holders, Bah Warit Dhar, said that after suspecting the work of the VEC, they asked for information from the BDO's office but the surprising thing is that they were summoned. These 32 persons were arrested by the VEC officers on 6th November 2017 and expelled from the area.
Then return the grace again.
Expressing that the political situation in the country has changed a lot especially with the emergence of indigenous parties in the states, Ampareen said, “This is the era of political questions in India where we I don't know why, but I'm sure they'll be able to do it in every state.
The ISAC 2022 awards had a two-part nomination process including a 'Qualifying' section, where the city's working methods were looked at, and a 'Proposal' section where smart cities submitted their proposals. for seven award categories including: Project Awards: 10 categories, Innovation Awards: 2 categories, City Awards: 2 categories: National and Zonal State Awards, UT Award, and Partners Awards, 3 topics.
About 150 people have fled the village and 125 are staying at Christ King Church School in Malangkona, while others have taken refuge at their relatives' houses in Sildubi to escape arrest. Police of Assam.
Nongpoh: Two Khasi youths from Ri Bhoi, Edison Nongtri from Patharkhmah and Darishan Nongrum from Nongwah Mawtamur, have been arrested by the Assam Police for allegedly involvement in illegal drug trafficking. you don't smuggle Hati's teeth.
As the Shnat which investigates corruption, it is not only responsible for issuing orders, but also to seek reports from Government Departments to ensure that all departments comply with the order.
Meanwhile, MDC Jaïaw Constituency Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that there is a need for legislation to amend Article 6 of the Constitution which has faced the struggle for the rights and customs of the people.
Jyothi Surekha Vennam from the same country, Jyothi Surekha Vennam, has announced that she will take the top spot in the qualification round. 708 have been collected so far.
How can you charge only 30 tyngka per head to see this sunrise in Nongjrong? How can it take only 50 tyngka to visit the tree bridges which cannot be seen in other states or countries of the world? Ltd if we really want to be one of the states that will attract tourists who really understand the value of mountains, rivers, flowers, rivers, bridges, clean valleys and the rising of the sun from behind the clouds was exceedingly bright.
We have been speaking, doing and doing anything for ourselves in the world, we have learned to fall into the depths of being right and we have learned to bring the country and the nation into the Hima of it. being Made.
Regarding the delay of the Congress leaders in the district and state to announce the ticket from the twentieth constituency, many of the Congress leaders and supporters, expressed their disappointment. The party has delayed in nominating a candidate for the constituency.
The Pastor said that the Land Acquisition Act of the Government of India, which was passed in 2005, is not to confiscate the land of the minorities or adivasis, but as shown in these The other days, it shows, that instead of being protected, they are being persecuted.
(b) of the Disaster Management Act, 2005, the penalty is for those who fail to comply with the Government's orders and may be imprisoned for up to one year or fined or both.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has announced nine fighters to represent the state in the BFI Elite (Senior) Men's National Boxing Championship to be held at Baddi, Himachal Pradesh from this Friday.
Therefore, it is not in this House to name names or make allegations without being able to provide evidence to support the allegation.
Margaret O'Brien, CEO of Young Change Agents, shared information and training on this topic.
“I would like to congratulate the Dorbar Shnong and the ITFAA for bringing back the Shillong Trade Fair after five years.
Before the meeting, a moment of silence was held in memory of this hero of the nation.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government stands firmly against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) when it comes to the protection of the people of the state and the region. .
IF THERE IS ANYONE WHO CAN LOOK AT THIS YEAR, LOOK!!!!YOU WILL REMEMBER TO RESPECT THE CREATOR!!!!!.
Heavy and moderate rainfall is expected in parts of East Khasi Hills in the next 42 hours. .
Executive Member Bah Fantin Joseph Lakadong said that the allegation that the Executive Members are ready to work only before the elections is wrong and added that no matter how well they do, the allegations are always there.
Roberts is under the influence of the Biblical account of the fall of Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden.
There is a serious problem that the state governments have blocked the road for trucks carrying lyer, to pass from one state to another and the Ministry of Home Affairs has issued a strict order, that States should not restrict the movement of vehicles carrying oxygen.
Therefore, they appealed to those people who misuse the people in the Hima Langrin not to mislead the people in the Hima Langrin anymore because all the people in the Hima are hungry and they don't find anything wrong. and they are in peace within the Empire, and according to the alleged tyranny of the king, this is wrong.
Shillong, Nailar : Akashvani Shillong on Tuesday held a seminar at NEHU, Shillong in the presence of the Commissioner Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya. Meghalaya, Dr BDR Tiwari who opened the program by urging the students and participants to accept the belief in 'One World, One Family, One Future' the G20 under the Presidency of India.
The Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Shillong has held a candlelight vigil at Rilbong, to commemorate those soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the country in the fight against the Chinese troops. on July 15, 2020 in Gulwan Valley, Ladakh.
Speaking to media, the President of the Union, A Lypon and LK Lakiang, said that the Committee has decided to send a copy of the Waheh Chnong Act of JHADC to all the Waheh Chnongs so that they can receive it. read it carefully so that they can understand their strengths and weaknesses.
Later, this MDC became friends with Conrad Sangma and joined the NPP.
If we look closely at the society, there is no need to estimate the number of Khasi women who have married Dkhars and perhaps one fourth of them have followed their Dkhar husbands.
He expressed his gratitude to the officers through RUSA
Among them are the Meghalaya ICAR Progressive Workers Union, the All Meghalaya Security Workers Union, the NESAC PWU, the West and SW PHWU, and others.
He said that the JAC has decided to hold the meeting on the 26th November 2022 at 10 pm at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh. MLAs, MDCs and religious leaders will come to express their views on the casino which the JAC has been opposing since the beginning in Ri Bhoi District, he added.
The JNC through this statement also urges those in charge of this post to check such old posts and replace them to avoid any inconvenience that may come. happen at any time.
He said that if the market is open, then the vendors will be allowed, but to drive vehicles will still be closed.
Before the burning of the house, the residents of Khanduli had held a public meeting held by the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli at the Khanduli Football Ground.
However, as of now, this office has turned into a victim of the violence of the MDA2.0 government by forcibly dismissing three officers, including the Director of Inquiry and Prosecution, Bah J.Rymmai, who is the director of inquiry and prosecution. Former IPS Officer, along with Inquiry Officers Bah RPde and Anil K Sangma.
According to the complaint lodged with the police, the robbers said that the robbers robbed him of T.1,30, 700/- which he had brought for the purpose of robbing the police. He said that the armed men did not leave even his mobile phone, jacket and beer, kwai and tympew.
At the meeting, which was also attended by the MDC of Parïong-Mawthadraishan, Bah Jambor War, who is also the EM of KHADC, all those who took part in the meeting, felt that the time has come. Mairang Civil Sub Division has been upgraded to a District.
“We have decided to request a time for the MDA government to meet the Union Home Minister on 23rd July and his office will inform about this request,” he said. said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
Mawtawar SC beat Sohiong Sports Club 4-0 in the first leg of the SSA Stadium in Polo on Saturday. Larry Carson Lyngdoh scored in the 25th minute, Fedrick Lyngdoh in the 29th minute, Teibhalang Kharpuri in the 71st minute and Ronaldo Rangslang in the 82nd minute.
Likewise, if he wins this election, the people will not go to the court for help, but to himself.
In the next innings, Sunrise scored only 129 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in all 20 overs.
verse five, “But now put off all these things; Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:
On the other hand, the President of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers' Welfare Association, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said that in this regard, the court has also challenged the refusal of the shops to sell meat.
There are 369 candidates contesting from 59 constituencies from various political parties and as independent candidates.
That is, that he can no longer control the Lyngdoh Raids, Ministers and Sirdarships who walk as they please, speak as they please, act as they please.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Strong Pillar Jana, President of VPP North Shillong.
Leaders and members of the TMC Khliehtyrshi Unit include Saimi Rymbai President, Esterwell Kharsyntiew Secretary and Timmy Ryngkhlem Chairman.
Among them, according to their distance from the Sun, follow Venus, our Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
UPS, JNM Lamin Secondary School and Laishnong High School.
The Election Committee of the Seng has announced that only these three candidates have won the election after examining the documents of these candidates on Saturday.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 448 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases in the state has risen to
He said that as Christians, we will continue to pray for his MLA race in 2023, so that he will remain as their leader and be able to work better for the region as a whole.
On the 18th of July, the first quarter final will be played between Madan Thadmuthlong and Mookyrdup at 3.00 pm.
Perhaps this is just to mislead the people.
The second and third positions went to Bulbul Das and Damewanshwa Bittu Rymbai, respectively.
Therefore, on behalf of the Kur, we also send our best wishes to Samla Kevinstrong Lawriniang and his family members, that they will have a healthy body in their daily lives.
The farm covers about 4 hectares and is managed by the Lawsohtun Farmers Association.
The number of marriages also decreased by 5.9 percent, to 489,281, the highest decline in the past 90 years, compared to 500,000 in the past 90 years. .
On the other hand, Bah Thomas said that when the party decides not to contest the MLA or MP election, it doesn't make sense, and we will take action only from the District Council because KHNAM was formed from the KHNAM. “As a political party, it would be wrong for us to go to Garo Hill to strengthen KHNAM, but the party will decide whom we will support in this MP election. KHNAM as a name will not support any party that is involved with the BJP, we have seen the rule of the BJP so we don't want the BJP to win again in the government. want it to come with a party," he said.
Tura: The ruling National People's Party (NPP) has released the first list of candidates for the upcoming Garo Hills Autonomous District Council elections. GHADC).
If such guys are willing to step up for the cause of the community, then hope for the future can be realized.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle today met with the Deputy Commissioner, Bah FM Dopth, East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, to demand the suspension of the construction of the border road. Bangladesh from Lailong to Huroi and Hungary.
For the implementation of this Act, the Government in collaboration with the NIC, Meghalaya has announced the online application on 8th November 2023 so that residents (landlords/tenants) can to register themselves with certificate from local authorities.
There are many words that should be used especially in relation to sex education which we cannot use because they are considered obscene or obscene.
Speaking at the meeting, Ms Phidalia Toi recalled the plight of the people of Block I which has affected even the people of Psiar and Khatkasla villages which fall within Meghalaya and across the border. Block I between Assam and Meghalaya.
The SP said that police have registered a case at Khliehriat PS and the investigation is ongoing.
On the other hand, the new Rangbah Shnong of Lawmei Dorbar Shnong, Bah C Bhaboklang Ryntathiang, said that as the residents have entrusted him with the responsibility, he is ready to work for the safety and security of the people. the whole village.
Extension) Dr.R.Suchiang, Subject Matter Specialist (AH & Vety), KVK Jaintia Hills explained to the women the importance of planting vegetables in the ground floor. to eat the flesh.
This means that the number of people to set up small businesses through groups or individuals has increased after the opening of the government, although it is not enough.
District officers should not be only those appointed for elections, such as DEOs, Dy DEOs, ROs, AROs, EROs, AEROs, or nodal officers of the districts, but officers in charge of Districts should also participate as ADMs, SDMs, Joint Collectors, Tehsildars, BDOs and other officers of equal rank should be sent as their duty.
“My problem is that I cannot convince the Sengbhalang to bring the railway line, the road to West Khasi Hills although I have told them not to build a road where there is uranium but the farmers should get road", he said.
Teachers in various schools were surprised at the sudden decline in learning among the children.
“However, according to the tender issued on 21st November 2021, the Tirotsing Indoor Sport Stadium will be converted into Tirotsing Bhavan. various offices"he added.
Bollywood superstar Akshay Kumar has spoken out against his Canadian citizenship after many people criticized him for his Canadian citizenship. however, he grew up in India and still feels that he is a full citizen of this country.
The Joint Director of Shillong Civil Hospital said he was surprised to see in the newspapers about the deterioration of medicines.
Another Congress member, Karti Chidambaram, said, “There is a need for discussion on this issue.
Expressing his deep concern over the deterioration of the road, Samla Sebestian Malai, president of the road, said that the road was built through the PWD Internal Road of 3 KM. “The construction of the road has been suspended for almost 10 years since 2005, but as of now, only 1 km of the road has been completed,” he said.
All this forces me to ask many questions such as the following:1
He said that after talking to the doctors at the Civil Hospital, they went to look for him after three days, when he was better, to inform him that he was positive for Covid-1
Prof. Nehu Zavier Mao and his staff came back and asked for the NOC again because I did not give it.
Besides the programme, in previous years, several Certificate Courses/programmes have been introduced but have been canceled in 2020 – 2021 due to Covid-1
The only beneficiaries will be the contractors/companies and a few others from the increase in the price of the construction.
So far, 11,883 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 123 people have died.
Now a study published in the Journal Sleep says that this condition is not common and can affect one in 300 adults.
Most of the residents have to walk along with vehicles on the road because the roadsides and footpaths have been covered by the khar die madan.
To compare is wrong because the loser is the most paid, and the one who benefits is the least paid.
The woman lodged a complaint with the Nartiang Police Station on 16th March and the investigation is ongoing.
Prof Kma said that there should be a roster system, because the recruitment will be equal for all, but they have been planning to create a roster system since
He said that in fact, the state government did not expect that the receipt of funds would be as slow as it is now, but for unavoidable reasons it has been slow, but the government is struggling. The release of fees to students may be expedited.
This time, she has hired several singers to take part in the Hindi soap cum musical TV series Kullfi Kumarr Bajewala which is broadcast on Star Plus and Hotstar from Monday to Thursday at 8.30 pm.
Shillong, June 10: As part of the preparations for the upcoming Assembly elections in 2018, the National People's Party (NPP) Ri Bhoi District Committee (NPP) has held a meeting of Jirang Constituency on 8th June at Umsong Stadium.
He admitted that the MLAs of the area were involved in this illegal activity and said that trucks can leave without a challan even though the Sonapur Bridge is slow and the Dwar Ksuid Bridge is still sleeping. lyndang truck carrying coal overturned on 20th June
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the Meghalaya Police should immediately arrest foreigners who are trying to attack the Khasi-Pnar people through social media.
This will only lead to unfairness among teachers in the future.
She said that what happened in the Central Government Health Scheme shows that the central government decides in stages for the treatment of various diseases of government employees.
Expressing that Meghalaya will work hard to implement projects to protect forests, the Minister said that about 88 lakh trees have been planted in the last five years to turn the land into forests. or 10,000 acres.
Regarding this incident, the Shnong Sohnidan has expressed its deep sorrow over this incident and as the village has tried to find ways and means to help according to their ability.
“You don't have anything, you don't know anything,” said Bah Ronnie, one of the two-time MLAs from Mylliem who could be in the running for the seat if the Prime Minister removes others.
In 2021, Zhang became the first Chinese player to play at Wimbledon while earlier this year, this month, he qualified for the Madrid Open. and he was also the first to reach the quarter-finals of such a prestigious tournament.
Shillong, November 22: A group of people including men and women's rights groups have marched to the State Bank of India (STB) Baghmara Branch this morning and threatened to attack the Branch Manager of the bank. The bank was surrounded by locking its main gate and no one was allowed to leave or enter the bank.
Furthermore, it was learned that the clash between the two, or the formation of groups to use force between them, was not the reason for the prolongation of the clash, but the reason for the incident. The incident came to light after one of the residents of the Refugee Colony, went to call a group from Assam and brought with them firearms, which these people said were Soldier and Assam.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Rosetta Mary Kurbah on Friday changed the curfew till 10 pm. The opening hours of shops, grocery stores, restaurants and enterprises only in certain parts of the city.
He said that in the past few months he has held a meeting with the officers of the PWD (Building) department and as the house has been in existence for a long time, it is necessary to clean the nar rods. One tender shall be called to complete it.
There were expectations to pay tribute to former Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe, who liberated Africa from the hands of the British, but at the meeting, On the first day of the month, it was seen that there was no one in the middle of the field.
The General Secretary of the BJP Mandal said that the office bearers of the Sohlap Umdoh Mawpod Unit have been confirmed by the President of the Sohlap Polling Station Committee, Bah Hun Nongkhlaw. , Vice President Manbhalang Dob, Secretary Rabul Chyne and other office bearers along with 30 Executive Members.
Wahlakhiat Pyllun SC has organized such a tournament for the first time in which the children have been filled with joy that they have never had such an opportunity before.
He said that as the government has proposed to build multi-storey houses for the Harijans, it should also build dancers and singers so that they can be trained and trained by their teachers.
India is now the fastest growing economy among the G-2
Besides the Nepalese government, Nepal's Foreign Secretary Madhuraman Acharya wrote in a tweet that 2270 years ago, Indian King Ashok erected a monument at Lumbini in Nepal to remember the Lord Buddha.
If I admit that it is true then we will have to follow the procedures of the law to verify without any doubt and in such a case if it is found that it is only a lie I will be punished as required. The law is not passed by the Legislature of the State of Meghalaya.
Marbaniang also thanked the Synod for its visionary support to encourage and support the school although it is the only school in the state but it is the goal of the KJP. The Synod Sepngi is to help these children who are in need to improve in their studies.
The electricity bill should last until 31st October
The union also condemns the bombing of pedestrians and those standing along the road.
BJP leader Narendra Modi, who is also the Prime Minister of India, also spoke about the development of youth in education and unemployment. jam in their work.
She expressed her happiness to recognize the students who passed by awarding them and praised the hard work of the teachers, parents who have supported their children, without whom she would not have urlong this day.
He didn't know anything about it but he knew this from a child who came to carry wood with his brother Ksan.
The Minister said that before the order was issued, the complaint against the Acting Syiem, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, was lodged about 3 or 4 months ago.
In Group B, Risingstar FC, Sohiong SC, Pala SC and Daistong SC were in Group C. In Group C, Thuruk SC, Khaidong SC, Shnongrim B and Mulait Brisumer SC were in Group D. Samuel James Lyngdoh Kynshi, a winger from Shillong Lajong, has been appointed as the Number One Sport of the State. FC, has been selected for the Indian football team to represent him at the Hangzhou Asian Games.
John 14:13-14.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The meeting of the Joint Action Committee of All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) on Saturday has not taken any decision to hold a protest against the government's delay in taking over the schools. The teachers' post in the state has been postponed until after a meeting in Tura on the 21st of this month.
Diego Maradona reportedly hanged himself at home and suffered severe head injuries.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) North Khasi Hills District today visited Umsning to confirm the 28 full office bearers of the KSU North Khasi Hills District for the 2021-2 .
Expressing her ignorance of the decision to dispose of these drugs, the Minister said that it is necessary to make it clear to the officers of the department that they cannot just give permission to do so. such activities for various reasons.
In the four months from July to November, 2022, the police have seized 3.62 kilos of heroin, 4500 kilos of Kynja, 150 grams of opium, 11902 bottles of amphetamines.
Kumar said the special quota set by the Indian government is 10 per cent for the Economically Weaker Sections (EWS) and if we add that together, the quota will reach 75 per cent and He also suggested that the allocation for other Backward Classes, Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes should be increased, Kumar said in the Bihar State Legislative Assembly today.
Shillong: There have been 117 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
Nongstoin, November 28: Four robbers have been arrested by the Nongstoin Police Station on the night of 25th November 2013 at 8 pm. from Mawrusyiar Village, which is adjacent to the Nongstoin Bye Pass and the road to Rambrai.
Speaking on the occasion, Derek expressed his appreciation to the beautiful state of Meghalaya and the Mawkyrwat area.
The KSU has launched an investigation into this after receiving complaints that the petrol pump does not fill the tank properly.
However, MNF Minister Robert Romawia Royte won from the Hachek constituency.
“We have brought nothing, but having food and clothing, we will be content.
Bhadaur, the constituency, was won by the AAP in
This is the highest seizure of money in the North East since the elections were announced.
The Meghalaya and Assam governments have already demarcated 6 out of 12 sites and the remaining 6 sites including West Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and Jaintia Hills.
I'm late for work..." Bahnah said. "Yes, I'll leave... I understand that..." Riia turned.
Nongpoh: On the occasion of the 49th Anniversary of Meghalaya, the Dorbar Shnong Rongmesek has celebrated the Meghalaya Day by honoring all the Hill Fighters. State who are the elders of the village.
He said he has been involved with the college for about 18 years and is the former President of the Governing Body and in 2018 he resigned from the post of President to take part in politics.
Five fire engines tried to extinguish the fire, but to no avail.
The Israelites said, “How shall we sing the Lord's song in a foreign land?” Psalm 137:1-4
To the Samaritan woman- “Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father” John 4:2
The protest was held at Tahkhniang, Tuberkmai village near the NH-0
The incident happened on the 4th of June this year, 10 days after the clashes broke out in Manipur between the Kuki and the Meitei.
What you need to do: Make sure your children eat about 2 or 3 servings of fruit, more citrus and seasonal fruits, vegetables and plenty of seeds in your diet. Vitamin A : Cashews and PathawVitamin C : Citrus fruitsVitamin D : You can take medicine Zinc : All symbolic foods, nuts and seeds such as coconut seeds. Seeds are helpful if you have allergies, so it is good if you include them fruit.
Pynshngain recalled the meeting with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju on the release of the allocation of funds from the 14th Finance Commission to the district councils.
Dr HH Mohrmen from SURE, who has been involved with the JMB in finding ways and means to solve the problem faced by the village of Jowai, said that the JMB in collaboration with the organizations SURE and Young Minds Collective have also asked Bangalore-based companies Saahas Zero Waste to help in solving this problem.
You should also show it with a photo or video.
The meeting also elected the new office bearers of the UDP Mawlai Circle, in which the post of President was held by the former President, Bah Homer Kharkongor, three Working Presidents, Bah Alex Lynser, Raymond Khyriem and Batskhem Makdoh, five vice presidents, OD Syiemlieh, John Kharmawphlang, Justin Passi, Iabeit Khongwar and Kit Sun.
However, the police stopped them and the police took the tyngshop from the JSM members and sent them away.
The group congratulates Bor Shylla, EJDSA and 1 India Family Mart, Khliehriat.
When this happens again, the Khasi has to stay away, he doesn't have land to farm or land to feed his children, I believe we understand that there is a reason.
The giving of jait to the mother has caused many Khasi families, not all husbands, to sting their own family which leads to the border.
Shillong, July 05: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of South Shillong Constituency and Minister of State, on Saturday inaugurated the Children's Park at Mynsaiñ Lumparing. for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (Amrut)-Scheme, 2020-2021 at a cost of T.26,44,090 lakh.
They said that they don't have any objection to the government not to take the land if they come by road, because according to the Riti Dustur Ri Raid in the Nongpoh Sirdarship, it is clear that they cannot. do any activity relating to other land matters without the knowledge of the Rangbah Shnong, Raid and Hima.
“There are constituencies where there are three or four candidates who intend to contest the election from the party but they will see who has the chance to win.
The government's transfer of Arunkumar Kembhavi as DC within 14 months has caused criticism from many people that it is a political move because according to the rules, an officer should sit in the post. at least 3 years in the field.
However, it is up to the Cabinet to review and decide on the steps to be taken.
On the building owned by Paul Leong, the CEM of KHADC said that the shop is still under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. However, they should follow the rules and regulations of the Trading by Non-Tribals Regulation, 1954,” he said.
You're too old.
She acknowledged that the inability to hold a special session would create confusion and bring about Administrator rule in the Council.
When I remember the cross, The nations cry out to me, I should have died, For sin and transgression.
The mother was pleased with her daughter's story and thanked God that her daughter had met such a man – a man of good character and religious responsibility.
In the 1980s, YV Chandrachud, the Chief Justice of India (who is also the father of the present CJI DC Chandrachud), came to Meghalaya to settle the border.
