Mawkyrwat, Naitung 12: The SWKHDBA today concluded the 9th Badminton Championship 2023 held at the South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Championship Indoor Stadium, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
“Since 2020, there has been an attack by about 20 Assam policemen, on 20th November 2020, they entered Moolaber village at 8 pm on charges of robbing those carrying “They fired about 20-30 bullets to scare the people,” said Bah Nujorki, MLA of the area.
Dr.K Venkata Rao, Dy Director MGIRI, Wardha in his speech congratulated all the farmers and stressed the importance of having the skills and knowledge they have acquired in these years. be under training.
Dr Kharlukhi said that various programs implemented in the government of Mukul Sangma have failed completely and gave the example of the Integrated Basin Development Programme.
He said that the completion of the road connecting Lawmei and Umlyngka which has been allocated Rs 98 crore will boost the income of the area especially for the youth to set up their own businesses to attract jobs. tourism.
One on top of the other.
The DCPO has informed that anyone or relatives who have any information or connection with the child can contact the District Child Protection Unit, Jowai by phone. No.9774878343 or to Child Welfare Committee, Jowai Ph.
In the midst of the troubles, the sorrows and the troubles and the three dozen kinds of wars inside my heart, I get strength and encouragement, but when I remember the song of the singer I get encouraged; in heaven, to all the creatures of the earth;You shall hear the words of the Lord, Enter into the joy of your Lord.
The number of shops in Shillong and outlets identified by the government office has been increased to 22179 while the number of food vehicles has been increased to 20 as part of the efforts to allow the public to buy food items. the public gathering inside the shops.
“If we look at women they are still lagging behind, when we look at the dress code they have done clearly but the way they think, they are still lagging behind, they are still shy and cannot speak, there are barriers and there is a need to raise awareness to teach them,” said Dr Anjalee.
“For salvation is from the Jews” John 4:2
When the plants live, the animals live, so do we human beings, and in this way the works will be carried on from generation to generation.
It is called 'sweet orange' to distinguish it from other oranges (Citrus aurantium); and it is also called Citrus sinensis because it is probably believed to have originated in China.
At the same time, the Minister said that the government has no intention of handing over the factory to the private sector and will look into it first.
She said that the Minister has promised that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will provide a written notice today and the government does not want to see that this service to the people. through this 108 will affect as it does now.
There are some young people whose job is specialized in Frontdesk related to Management, but when they get here they have to clean the equipment, besides that they have to work for many hours and the income is not enough. thank you.
From time to time, the government has been providing assistance to the farmers in relation to the floods, but unfortunately, most of the government's assistance is only to cover the cost of transportation.
This school, which is the oldest in the region in its 50 years of service, has produced many bright stars of the country from the community and the region.
When asked how he feels about the performance of the incumbent Prime Minister, Bah Pynshngain said he does not want to say anything now as it is too early.
Speaking on the occasion, Arbinstone Marak said that Arbinstone Marak is a son of Garo Hills and that the people should unite in voting for him. to take the lead in hearing the voice of the people"
In these days, no family has time to teach their children in the rympei “Sawdong kaLyngwiar Dpei” because they have driven away the rongphong of this world and don't have time anymore. and to take responsibility for the children of their hands, whom they have given their will without restraint in their own homes.
He said it would not be easy to resolve the border issue now as it has been pending for almost 50 years, but as the government we will do our utmost to resolve the border issue. share.
These include 27 Chairman, 43 Co-Chairman, 53 Vice Chairman, 20 Deputy Chairman, 10 Adviser and 14 Director.
The body was recovered by the Police on Tuesday morning.
William A Sangma, chairman of the ANCA, is still in hiding and has escaped from the hands of the police in Mendipathar.
Expressing doubts about the arrest of the robbers, the Taxi Drivers' Association decided to go to the Police Station to investigate the matter.
Jowai, July 19 : Five families of Lumtrep Nongjngi village today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District against the Waheh Shnong and the Vigilance Committee for forcibly removing Some of them have been deprived of food for the whole year from 2022 until the 18th of this month.
This is the time to put the tangmuri in the hands of the followers.
And because we have been blind and watching the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma who is brave enough to have these righteous people, we have seen a) Procession of Khasi RSS and RSS Jaintia with 500 policemen and 1000 policemen. after.
When you write your name, you just draw it.
He criticized the state government for doing many things that have seriously affected the nation and if it is allowed again what will happen to the country and the nation.
The Congress party, in a tweet, clarified that none of its pages have been deleted and said that those pages, run by party officials, have not been affected at all.
On the parts of this song, Bah Purningstar, said that it is a song that stirred up the nation.
“The allegation of the Congress government in the state is a nonsense,” said the BJP President. He said that their allegation is because they can no longer waste the money of the people because The NDA government under the leadership of Narendra Modi has been strict and they should provide Utilization Certificate (UC) for their work.
The Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong RM Kurbah, said that according to the report of the Assistant Food Analyst, out of the 40 fish tested, 30 fish were found to have the drug "Formalin"
The day labourers, who work under MGNREGA schemes, will start their own work and T.534.6573 crore has been released to the Block for the payment of wages. of the farmers and also of the purchase of equipment.
Abhishek Gupta scored 76 runs off 76 balls and Kush Agarwal tied 23 runs off 36 balls.
Lumsuk Marngar as President, Ridalinshisha Wanniang as Working President, Ailinda Tongwah as Vice President and Jubilin. Lyngdoh as the General Secretary of the committee.
Men and women including children, youth and adults from all over the district came to take part in this race.
Six months later, another son of Bijoy Tariang, Meban Talang, brother of I Love You, was charged with the murder of Pynkhreh Surong from Mynsngat.
on earth as it is in heaven".
The households that have been closed down in Umlyngkdait village include the houses of Gudus Ali, Sultana Laskar, Shiviji Khatun and M Marngar from 25th July to 5th November
We are with the government and the BJP government has done many good deeds and we want the President, the Prime Minister of the country to give equal status to all religions,” said Sayeedullah.
Demy 1/8siz (14×22 cm) costs 60 paise, multi-color 60 paise, bi-color 50 paise, single color 40 paise per page and cover pages T.4 per page.
In Zone 2, the match was reduced to 10 overs, but the match went smoothly especially after the first two matches were canceled by the weather at Salpara, Mendipathar. .
Kynshi Bangla invites all the football fans from the area and other places to come and witness the match and hopes that it will be a successful match. lovely.
The Union has urged various groups and the Rangbah Shnongs Association to support the Bill for approval by the Governor.
Speaking to media, the CEM of KHADC said, “Regarding the casino issue, the Council has sent a letter to the Syiem of Raid Marwet on the 27th and On the 1st of this month, they received a reply from the Syiem of Raid Marwet.
“So we decided to rebuild in all 46 blocks.
The ceremony was attended by members of the Presbyterian Church, Niamtre and other invitees.
The Secretary of the UDP has expressed his appreciation for the suggestion of KHNAM. Earlier, KHNAM had expressed its desire to form an EC after the elections in KHADC. “The party will discuss soon the proposal to prevent the Congress from forming the EC after the elections,” said KHNAM President Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saibon.
This is because the rulers of the KHADC do not have the vision to think about any law passed by the Government of India and they are surprised when it comes to tied tyrnem jraiñ.
However, the meeting on that day was only a discussion in front of the public on how to preserve the traditional religion in these areas,” said the statement.
Referring to the party, he said that the party itself, as they say, still needs to climb a high mountain, but even so we don't feel anything because the people of Meghalaya still want I'm from the Congress party.
Therefore, the Vigilance Committee and the Dorbar Shnong Pamrakmai EJHD request and urge the relevant Government authorities to resolve and investigate this issue so that it will not affect the ration recipients in the State.
Kangana also accused the BMC officials of being thieves for demolishing her house.
This day will also be celebrated as a memorial for those who have scored high marks in Khasi subject.
This dai is also edible like other foods.
For the IGNEPS scheme which is a scheme to assist women abandoned by their husbands according to CMSAS, there are 8 CDPO Block implementing the scheme and 41 beneficiaries have been paid. 5.23 lakh from June 2017 to June
“We (UDP) will not field a candidate from Garo and the NPP will not field a candidate from Shillong but if it doesn't work, we can field a candidate from Garo and this will be a threat,” he said.
The three candidates are Tengsim G. Momin from the TMC, Bichitro Hajong and Savio Phrangsngi Dkhar from the TMC.
On the other hand, the members of these groups who are the residents of Jowai township expressed their concern over the condition of the Wah Myntdu which has been affected by the passing of the days especially due to the landslide in parts of the city. an.
Please show the world that Shillong has appeared in many ways,” he said.
The Arch-Bishop asked the 6,000 faithful who witnessed and took part in the service in Mawhati, “At the Holy Baptism, did we swear that we believe in God? the Father Creator of heaven, earth, and all things?  Have we sworn that we believe in Jesus Christ, our Giver of eternal life, and in the Holy Spirit, the Giver of wisdom, sanctification, and Comforter? Have you been baptized with the Holy Spirit? Have we vowed to reject Satan and all his evil works? Why do some of us believe in other gods of this world or in our own gods, by believing in all these things? Have we drunk the wine of this world, which defiles our faith and our lives? Here we have come to repent, by renewing this wrong way of life and faith.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that doctors should not provide services to the poor and needy.
He contested the Legislative Assembly elections as a Congress candidate from Aalo Assembly Constituency in 1984 and from Likabali Assembly Constituency in
Sources said that immediately after the birth, the girl went to the owners of the house and told them that the child had fallen into the toilet.
At the same time, he said that the police on the border have no right to discriminate against anyone, because discrimination is the main cause of violence in the border villages.
ATSA has also promised to assist Khasi students in Tamil Nadu if they encounter any problems.
There are 88 recoveries, including 66 civilians.
On the other hand, the students of Jamia Millia Islamia, denied any involvement in the burning of these vehicles and said that their protest was peaceful and without any intention of causing trouble.
The event was enriched by songs and dances by the youth of Seiñraij, Umchangiar, including the women of Loompyrdi Iongpiah.
Regarding this incident, the union will meet with the authorities whether it is the CEO in Umiam or even the Power Minister of the state government, in order to demand the rights of this child. , he added.
It was the lack of recognition of Jesus as their (Jews) King that led them to kill the Prophets of God in Jerusalem.
The MLA urged the army to come outside the gate to discuss the matter and to stop immediately, but he said that the army had called inside Bah Ardent to discuss the matter. he didn't work faithfully.
Here in our country, young Muslim men do not need to die martyrs to get a wife in heaven, because heaven is not on earth.
As a father who is the head of the household, who looks after the household and who can carry the burden on his shoulders for his children, you should therefore take good care of them and spend more time with them. love and understand their thoughts to avoid anxiety and influence in the minds of their children.
Rymbai told reporters in Jowai after signing the agreement with the Jowai Municipal Board led by the Chief Executive Office JMB on 20th June, According to the letter of agreement, the JMB will be allowed for up to six months to set up a temporary garbage dump inside the dew ïong crematorium. On the other hand, Damewanhi L.Rymbai, one of the residents of Jowai, said that he is one of the residents who is involved in the public works when he saw the garbage collection in Jowai. He said that he was quick to help the residents of the village to clean up the garbage by throwing it inside the coal mine which he still owns which is about 200 feet deep.
There were also four Resource Persons who gave speeches in various fields and gave training to the youth of North East who were able to attend this special programme. brought blessings to and benefits to young or old.
The FKJGP leaders said that during the inspection, it was found that there are some traders who have set up shops in the area, but who have not renewed their trade documents or licenses since
The training was conducted by the Waheh Shnong Namdong B DS War who also thanked the Department of Agriculture for taking the initiative to provide training and seeds to the farmers of the village. Three people have died of COVID-19 in the state, bringing the death toll to
The reporter tried to contact the President of the Association, Dr. Aman War, but he did not answer his phone.
During questioning, he identified himself as Aamir Raza, a resident of Sialkot district of Pakistan.
The Vice Chairman of the HNLC, Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa, said that the party was born on the basis of love for the land of Hynniewtrep or Hynniewtrep Nationalism and that the nation should receive special protection and recognition. you are the owner of the land.
She said that the request of Bah HDR not to step down shows that the ministers believe that they can do whatever they want.
No one has asked how Bernard Marak, Vice President of the BJP in the state, got the money to build a resort in Tura. However, she complained to the police that it is a place where young men and women are allowed to drink, eat and have fun without any restrictions.
The Sports Committee of the KSU feels that if the state government is serious about promoting sports in the state so that it will become a source of income and also so that they can win various medals in the National Games and The international tournament should provide accommodation, food and drink, transport and other basic needs of the athletes.
However, I feel that soon it will become a success,” said another student, Hazekhayah Diengngan.
“Your meeting with my family has shown that you have thought carefully and decided carefully until it is time for you to take me.
In the second half, Mawlai FC managed to score four goals against Shillong Lajong.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was convened by the office of the Chief Engineer (Standard), PWD (Roads) in collaboration with the Tourism Department of Meghalaya.
He recalled that the shooting death of these four persons has been a great loss to their families especially to their children.
If there is indeed concern about the incident in Manipur, action should have been taken from the beginning of the bloodshed.
Shillong, July 12: A Bolero Pick up bearing no.
However, all these are the will of God that nothing can stop... As a sign of gratitude to Him for His services in life and for the whole Church. ... Kat You don't have Don.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that no political party in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has received a letter from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. you are the Congress party.
“Many people ask that others have built street houses but you have been the same since 25 years ago, I say you will decide how I am.
Shillong, July 19: Police in collaboration with the 6/5 Gorkha Rifle in Assam have arrested a smuggler of ammunition at 2:30 pm this morning. who planned to deliver his weapons to the insurgents in Garo Hills.
In a statement, the Vice President of the KSU urged the Dorbar Shnongs and the Jaitbynriew as a whole not to allow foreigners to interfere with the Khadar rule and to destroy or force the Khadar. you are a Khasi.
“It is true that after I joined the HSPDP, I was one of the candidates for the 2018 elections. ticket, but I was surprised to see in the newspapers that there was a meeting on the 18th of October which I didn't get any information and there they announced the ticket,” said Renik.
There are two types of rice, Om An Time and Sunrise.
According to the rules of football, Dilingiem YSCWA scored 3 points and 3-0 goals.
" This form of calling has surrounded us and has become a traditional custom.
There are many groups like SummerSalt who are currently performing in Vietnam and earlier in Denmark.
On the same day, the police of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima also helped to register the names of the shops and directed the shopkeepers to hand over the names and syrnot to the Hima Mylliem Police Station as information. .
“Remove ₹50 00000/- from the MLA scheme and it will generate ₹ 30Cr and cut off the projects, which have been overpriced, which are still under construction and this should be implemented and raise money, to pay to teachers.
Shillong: About 800 people from all over the country and abroad have taken part in the Rotary Sohra Marathon.
He was born on 8th November, 1938 in Shillong.
In fact, but because the MLAs we have elected have been appointed by Conrad.
Mebanker Passah, 23, is a resident of Keshav Nagar, Dharwad, Karnataka and is studying homoepathic medicine at Dr BD Jatti Homoeopathic Medical College. complete your studies.
Replying to a question, Bah Kharsyiemlieh said that Mawlai has the highest number of voters with more than 45,000 voters and Laban-Mawprem has the lowest number of voters with more than 12,0
The question is whether the Office Memorandum will be based on Clause 4 of Article 16 of the Constitution of the country.
Speaking after the consecration ceremony, Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli congratulated and congratulated the priests who have been involved in the priesthood of Nongstoiñ including Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, the first Bishop. , after Archbishop Dominic Jala SDB who has been the Apostolic Administrator of this religious state and also Fr Anslem Nonglang who has been the Diocesan Administrator for three years after the death of Archbishop Dominic Jala.
According to the mother of the 5-year-old, Karbar Lamare (Manner) from Sonaro had committed the crime but fortunately there were brothers who saw the crime. , this child was born.
In the fourth match, Swastika played well and scored points.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, Ampareen Lyngdoh has directed the NEIGRIHMS to submit a report on the death of the young woman.
The District Council Judge Dr.S Kharsyiemlieh was sworn in as MDC by the District Council Judge Dr.S Kharsyiemlieh at 10:30 am today. end at 11 o'clock in the morning.
The union has admitted that many times they have met with the EE of Nongstoin Division since the time of the former EE Bah RC Laloo and Bah KC Nongrum but they have only promised. They have decided to complete the road but it has not happened as they promised in front of the leaders of the party.
JOWAI: The Legislative Assembly of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has unanimously approved the Election to the Office of Dolloi Rules 2019 which contains amendments to the form. The nomination papers of the candidates for the Dolloi election will be submitted on Friday.
Out of these 1,772 cases, 1,198 cases including 120 Armed Forces and 1,078 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 3 cases in South West Khasi Hills. There are 139 cases in Ri Bhoi district including 26 cases from Armed Forces and 113 cases from civilians. , 14 cases in South West Garo Hills, 3 cases in South Garo Hills, 7 cases in East Garo Hills and 22 cases in North Garo Hills.
The students of the school paid tribute to Bah Africa and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) in Bangladesh paid tribute to him.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The place where the mawbynna has been placed has turned into a garbage dump since last years, but the authorities have ignored it.
Otherwise, the whole world will experience the worst times since the beginning of the world.
As our country and nation is a tipbriew tipblei nation, let us celebrate this day and this season as a hope to dedicate our lives to Him who deserves the glory who has blessed and shaped this. the world is like this now.
This is the second Israeli bombing against the neighboring country.
We must stand up and fight. The government is now doing something that the people don't like. The land on the border is also denied to them and the land inside is given to others.
But Jesus foresaw that the Temple in Jerusalem would soon be destroyed so that not one stone would be left on another.
In the morning, they were able to sit back in the area as the authorities came to clean up the area.
He is now an independent MDC without joining any party.
The opening of the Meiramew Cafe is part of the project of the “No One Shall Be Left Behind Initiative” in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agro Biodiversity Society (NESFAS) with the assistance of Rural. Electrification  Commission (REC).
and when thou doest that which is good, thou shalt not take advantage of the shatri of others.
You can also call the DSO office at 9233401298,
Among the many who have joined the party, Bah Wanstep Diengdoh is one of the leaders who has joined the party and is also in preparation for the MDC election 2019 and on the same day The Area Unit of Sohra constituency has expressed its support for the HSPDP to contest against Bah Wanstep in the MDC election from Sohra constituency.
Here, Jesus foretold 2000 years ago that there would be a time of trouble for mankind on this earth.
These include EKH: 32 and WKH:
He added that people have started setting up their own businesses, doing jobs and CM Elevate has planned to create environments for the development of job opportunities. jam and to provide financial assistance for job creation.
The daughters in front are understood to be the children of the household like the sons, but there is a slight or large difference between the children of the household; (a) The sons leave their mother's house clean on the day of marriage, the day of circumcision or even if they receive something to take, it is not a rightful claim but only as a gift. eat the way to escape the death of tyrsaw; (b) The daughters leave their mother's house when they have married and have children to stand on their own feet.
He said that on the 18th of November, when he left home, he left early in the morning, but he received the news that his daughter had not returned home.
According to sources, the outbreak of this disease has started since the rice has started to sprout in the fields, while the time for harvesting has not yet come.
The CEM visited Mukroh Village to inspect the boundary of the Mukroh Village Council.
The youngest son, Balajied Synrem, who took over from his father, became MLA after the death of Dr. Don from Shella Constituency.
The deceased were identified as Uginia Rymbai, 52, of Saser, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi.
What is more shocking according to the participants is that if the prize for the winners is T.50 thousand, the winner will have to spend more than T.50 thousand. to win and to gain fame.
Regarding Block I, he said that if all the documents we have are complete, we can produce the originals of Block-1 and it will return to Meghalaya.
Lakhon Surong 56' from the penalty spot, Kiming Dkhar 86' and Eriston Dkhar 90'+1 scored the three goals for Moolamanoh.
Hoping was born on 15th October 1929 in Mawkyllei Hima Mawiang, West Khasi Hills District. He is the son of Bah Hajur Shon and Kong Iolini Lyngdoh Nonglait. Dwiss and Sildaris Lyngdoh Nonglait, he lost his father when he was 5 years old, when he was 6 years old his eyes were blind, but when he was 10 years old he got back. Rahon Singh Marwein, who was treated by plants during these 4 years of blindness, received his education only through patriotic songs and traditional songs about nature from his father through He used to sing patriotic songs about the Khasi people who traveled from the middle of the world to the Indus then to Burma and to this part of East Asia, then back to Burma then to Manipur and finally arrived. sha this is the Khasi country.
Read the book of Job.
However, in this phase 4, most of the leaders will provide assistance only to their own people.
“When our people are shot dead in Garo Hills, we don't see or hear that they (ANVC-B) condemn the incident,” said Bah Kharkongor. Why don't they go and build crematoria in their own land? Why don't they come and build in our land?
On Saturday, when Rupang visited the elderly woman, it was found that she was a very old woman who talked and told stories clearly. and she counteth them, and remembereth all the things of her former days.
The same is true in many parts of Khasi-Jaintia and especially in the rural areas.
On Tuesday evening, at about 6 pm, a truck number AR-02-A-6142 collided with a small vehicle passing on the road.
However, the MLA was not at home, but those who turned to his house urged the UDP MLA to speak on the matter.
They also reportedly assaulted several employees, who were present at the time.
“It is impossible to build this road because it belongs to the PWD.
He said that the work is in progress and what remains is to get approval for the design of the new dome from the two Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT) Roorkee and IIT Guwahati.
How can they make laws when they themselves don't understand how to make laws?” he asked the MUA-II government. The High Court has issued an order against the Rangbah Shnong until the Rangbah Shnong, Sordar and Syiems have been afraid to sign the letter. .
This was announced by Bah Titos Chyne, CEM of KHADC today while talking to reporters after the opening of the Executive Committee meeting.
The MLAs questioned the Government in the Legislative Assembly on many of the shortcomings in the Anganwadi Centers including the lack of Anganwadi Centers in many villages which they deserve across the State.
The union is concerned in this regard because the Khasi language has started to decline in these areas and one of the reasons is that such prominent schools do not have Khasi subject.
Speaking to reporters, Singha said Prime Minister Narendra Modi wanted to kill democracy by abrogating the Constitution. Two Chief Ministers of the two states (Arvind Krjriwal of Delhi and Hemant Soren of Jharkhand) have been sent to jail.
However, now through this app we don't need to do that but we just have to do it through our mobile phone to ask for salary and to check the progress of the work”.
Haneman said the search operation for the suspects has been intensified by the Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) and the Combat Battalion (CoBRA) to arrest the suspects.
Hundreds of people gathered in Sohiong to pay their last respects to the Minister. former Ministry of Home Affairs of the State.
He also stressed that the election committee has not been formed within the party, but it is surprising how these candidates who want to contest the election have announced that they will get the ticket from the UDP party to contest the MLA election
The President also urged the Minister in charge of Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to take action on this issue so that the Jaintia language can be recognized as a legal language.
“For my brother, I used to accompany him to buy cows from Khanapara market and my brother did not steal, but it was for the purpose of shohdoh to sell in the market, not to smuggle.
In the first half, Mookyndur FC scored the first goal in the 4th minute through Nehlang Phawa wearing the 17th jersey. They struggled to turn the tide but by the end of the first half it was 1-0
In a statement, Bah Daniel Khongsit from Bakur (Dawki) said whether the Dorbar Shnong Nongtalang has any part in fighting to stop the trade of climbing weighbridges or has it been cleverly done by two or three people to clean up? including village and commercial activities.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony, Charles Pyngrope said, “We have two outstanding leaders of the state who together with their supporters have decided to become full members of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress from the party. to serve the country and the state as a whole.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, today said that 577 cases have been reported from Guwahati alone.
Shillong, July 5: The Union of Village Authorities (UHC) has denied reports that it supports the Village Administration Bill (VAB).
The National People's Party (NPP) has sent its condolences to the family of I (L) Pariat, Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP).
When serotonin is high, those who are in the midst of mental distress are more able to concentrate and less mentally distressed.
The woman, Ritalis Kharbani, from Mawliehbah, WKH, died recently along with her 5-year-old son after being hit by a pyrthat while she was in the house. the house is theirs.
Hamas militants have brutally killed 40 children and young children by shooting them dead in the head. cut ryndang and others, they kill the souls that are still pure and clean.
So sorry about that part of my tweet.
“Supporting the demands of the teachers under the leadership of FASToM, the MJCTU&A urges the Government of Meghalaya to immediately implement the demands of the teachers for the benefit of the students and the public. " he said in a statement.
“We have not apologized,” said the Rangbah Shnong. He said that the apology did not please the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit today demanded that the government should set up a scheme to allow the people living on the border to buy AK-4 , so that they can protect themselves from the infiltration of insurgents and the Assam police.
There are 2,815 confirmed cases and 1,292 deaths.
Shillong: The MLA of Dadenggre Constituency, James PK Sangma, who is also the Minister of Electricity, on Tuesday said that after the announcement by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to upgrade the Mairang Sub-Division to a district. On the other hand, the NPP will submit another petition to demand the upgradation of Dadenggre Sub Division to the district.
The reasons for the meeting were that the village will be affected and will destroy the water wells around the village. Mining equipment, as has happened in recent years, will also affect agriculture, especially health.
He said that the schools were not aware of the decision of the Board to turn MIL Khasi into an elective subject.
However, he said that even after the request from the East Jaintia Hills Police, to send only a few members of their team to take part in the public hearing, the number of people has started to increase slowly. enter.
Meanwhile, others have opposed the establishment of the DMR office in Kynshi but the HNYF-WR demands that the government should reopen the office which helps to generate revenue for the people. government.
Conrad also announced the launch of CM CAREs, formerly known as the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme for the disabled, widows and disabled people. also.
There are 22924 samples tested, 22520 negative, 253 pending results and 21,184 returnees.
rComplete before November Shillong, 13 Naitung:This is a very important message for those who put money in their safes at home, or in their bags, or who give money to their fellow citizens. .
If we continue to fight lymmuh and jhulum like everyone else, we cannot make Shillong a Smart City.
Mr.Nicky Pale- BSc Agriculture first class, 9
Referring to the implementation of the State Sports Policy, Andrew said that in this regard, boxing is one of the sports that the government is ready to allow to develop in the state.
The KHNAM State Youth Wing has demanded that the security forces should be strengthened and that there should be strong police to patrol these gates. that they are not allowed to bring in workers, without verifying the proper citizenship documents of these people from outside the State.
“We don't want to sell the future of our children to these Assam Rifles troops who are now coming like angels to stir up and stir up the people. “It's the same as the people who are suffering in Rangmen, Laitkor and Shillong, where later they will become our empowerers,” they said.
East Khasi Hills has 29 active cases, West Garo Hills 13, Ri Bhoi 31, West Jaintia Hills 18, South West Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 3, Eastern West Khasi Hills 2, North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 7, West Khasi Hills 11 and East Garo Hills
On the other hand, the MLA of Jirang, urged the food vendors in these villages affected by the lockdown, not to take advantage by increasing the price of food items at such a time. Because if they increase the price of food items, it will affect the people and especially those from poor families.
The purpose of the fair was to provide information on various programs of the Ayushman Bharat Health and Wellness Centre, to issue IDs under the ABDM, as well as to encourage the people to live a healthy lifestyle. healthy and others.
He was the General Secretary of the Seng Kur, which has nine different Kurs and was also the Sirdar of Marbisu for many years.
The Samajwadi Party and Shiv Sena have come out against the bill, while the Congress has been supported by its Vice President Rahul Gandhi and Leader of the Opposition Sushma. Swaraj.
According to them, they were eating dinner on the 2nd of this month with a jyntah tit which was harvested from a forest in Umran village, Ri Bhoi District.
The petition was filed by Awhai Andrew Shullai under WP(C) No.383 of 2019 against the State Government and JHADC for allegedly violating the rules of procedure of the JHADC in the election of the new Chairman of the Council. After the appointment of the Chairman, Lakhon Biam was appointed.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today reported 2,36,657 new cases, including 9,887 new cases in the past 24 hours and deaths. They are 294 and 6,6
The BJP's CAB is a ploy to get votes to encourage other ethnic groups,” he said.
Those people have become blind to the money of the rich who deceived them during the elections while now all the years they have to walk through the dirt roads which even small vehicles cannot pass.
Speaking to reporters, Victorian Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi said, “Khrikshon Lyngkhoi, a resident of Nongmynsong, has dug a place to build a road to pass through the land of Khrikshon. When we went to talk about his death, he showed us a letter signed by the King of Hima Khyrim. “We have met with the Lyndoh of Raid Mawlieh, Bah Famli Lyngdoh, to issue the NOC,” said Victorian. “We have met with the Lyndoh of Raid Mawlieh, Bah Famli Lyngdoh, to issue the NOC. “On the other hand, the Khongwir Kur request the government to help look into this attack by this rich man.
To mark the 159th Death Anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah, the Women's Welfare Organization Seinraij Jowai on November 30, 2013, organized a Drawing and Slogan Competition on U Woh Kiang Nangbah. Add.
It was during the protests of the people that year that the state government set up a High Level Committee (HLC) under the leadership of Bah Prestone Tynsong and decided to evacuate the people living in Them Iewmawlong. you haven't succeeded yet.
In recent months, there have been attacks and damage to these police in the states of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh.
In an interview, u Bah Kynta, said that the case was finalized by the court, after it was dismissed by the lawyer of Bah Syiem.
“If the language doesn't survive, the country and the nation don't survive,” said James. Therefore, he said that there are no MPs who speak for the issues of the Khasi people. Parliament to say that the Khasi language should be recognized and included under Article 8 of the Constitution of India, but only the MP of the All India Trinamool Congress dared to do so.
On Dr Mukul's joining the AITC party, she said she did not want to say or do anything on this issue, as it was his will.
The State has witnessed a 50% reduction in maternal mortality with the introduction of the Chief Minister's Safe Motherhood Scheme.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee against Umngot Hydro Electric Project today demanded that the Minister in charge of Electricity and Electricity, James PK Sangma should not issue a letter to the Umngot Hydro Electric Project. the Umngot River for the generation of electricity.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, owner of SAMKHAMTI, said that his decision to take this step is to repatriate those who have been abducted. toxic substances to a new life.
He said the main objective of the Shlem is to alleviate unemployment among the youth through self-employment training.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA) together with Sain Production has withdrawn from the race. The semi final of the Meghalaya Super Star Season – III was held on 23rd October, 2019 at the Soso Tham State Central Library Hall, in the presence of fans from all over the state.
The West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (WKHDBA) is ready to hold the Inter School Badminton Tournament
“The talks today were very interesting and did not fall at all from the one held on 29th July 2013,” said Bah Blah.
Shillong, June 2: U Mr.P Bakshi today convened a meeting with the elders, religious leaders, civil society and the public. and various youth organizations at Circuit House, Tura.
Bruton felt like a child because he was short, only 5 feet tall.
Kiang Nangbah Government College was established in 1967 under the name of Jowai Government College but later renamed Kiang Nangbah Government College.
Chandana, 30, defeated TMC candidate Sontosh Kumar Mondal by 4,000 votes.
The investigation was conducted by the Lumshnong Police on November 13, 2020 and the NIA on October 15,
He said that the Government of Meghalaya has adopted the Mental Health Policy of the State with the aim of improving the quality of health in all aspects of the state. mental health and well-being and also to have a better opportunity to prevent the most common and serious mental illnesses.
I was surprised again until it touched me too, that I was one of these demons, which she said in English, “.
Shillong: CMO.Shillong: The five-day clash between the police and the people in Motphran (from The night of the 31st of July to the night of the 4th of July) has cooled down yesterday and there has been no more stone throwing or lightning strikes.
Earlier, the match between Lumsliar and Risingsun Mukhla ended in a 1-1 draw.
We talk and sing that God is good, yes he is good, but if we do wrong to him, remember that God is a fire that will burn us all. one, (Hebrews 12:29) we can prove that by turning to the Word of God to the children of Israel when the children of Israel loved God, God chose them to be His beloved. , he blessed them, he fulfilled his promise to them, he delivered them from many diseases and sufferings which they had suffered, but Sodom and Gomorrah, which had turned away from God, had no faith in him. God, God has destroyed her with fire without mercy.
Shillong, Naitung 22: In a statement, A.Wahlang, Head of Casual Employees of MeECL, on Tuesday said that after the Director Corporate Affairs, All the Directors of MeECL have decided to cancel their strike, which they have scheduled to implement from the 23rd. November 2013.
Congratulations03@gmail.com.
Jowai, March 27: Former Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar today inaugurated the first Ultrasonography Clinic at Rasongsli Nursing Home, Amshipai.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sohliya said that the Draft Electoral Roll of the Special Summary Revision for these four constituencies has already been released and the deadline is from 27th March to 9th March. November 2023, in which he urged the cooperation of all political parties during this period to ensure that the names on the electoral roll and to ensure that no one is entitled to receive them. vote for them to be left out.
It is worth mentioning that on the occasion, the KSU has displayed various signs around Shillong at Mawlai Petrol Pump, Laban, Khyndailad and other places.
Shillong: In the first semi final of the U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy, Apandanka Marak took seven wickets for the loss of seven wickets. Nagaland's bowlers won the match against Meghalaya in Jamshedpur today.
The 5th Meghalaya Games, which was held in Tura, West Garo Hills District, witnessed three traditional games, including Mawpoiñ (Khasi), Rah Moo Khrah (Jaintia) and to Wa'pong Sika (Garo).
“Why wasn't the woman taken to Guwahati Medical College Hospital, if she was mentally retarded, why was she kept all night at the police station?” said Akhil. she was raped and murdered and later tried to make it look like she killed herself".
It is prohibited to travel from one state to another and to open markets within the borders of the District.
According to the EM of KHADC, the validity of the labor license will be only 179 days and after that it can be reviewed again.
You should not vote just to impress your neighbours, friends or relatives.
b.
The final part of the rules according to the Constitution of the Clerk of Authority Jied-lamkhmat has been reached and other parts will continue in the next issue, and these are as approved and signed by Bah Frederick Roy Kharkongor, Chief Executive Officer of the State Government for the benefit of the people in society.
Shillong: The results of the SSLC (Class 10) and HSSLC (Class 12) Arts examinations will be released on 26th June.
“I feel that this is not the time to blame anyone or this is not the time to try to gain political advantage.
“If the government is ready to invite talks with the opposition parties, there will be no problem in calling for talks with the political parties,” he said.
The residents of Shnongpdeng together with the Search and Rescue Team of the Fire and Emergency Service have recovered the bodies of 10 mothers and children who drowned in Wah Umngot in Shnongpdeng on Friday.
“We urge the public to come and watch this film to encourage and support us,” said Robert Sohbar.
Noting that the MDA Government has already set up an Expert Committee to consider the Reservation Policy, the Minister said, “The meeting of political parties is an ongoing process and we will come up with the right path. difficult to fix".
However, I am pleased to say that such people are those who no longer have a spirit of love for themselves or for those around them.
The suspension and closure of these factories started from Swangre below Shahalang market to Lampar, Kyllonmathei, Nongdaju and Nongdagong. It was also found that besides those that do not exist, there are many more factories that are under construction and those that are planned to be built and the total number of these factories in the area will not be less than
The United Nations' Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) was launched in September 2015; not complete by 2030.
The ISSF on 8th June 2023 held an election for the re-election of the office bearers of the union. The election of the new office bearers of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya was held.
WJHTODA General Secretary Nantei Shangpliang said that the union has met the DC to inform him of the problem they are facing regarding the overcrowding of speed breakers in Jowai from New Hill to Mihmyntdu.
Shillong: We must live together in the state among different religions, to bring about understanding and harmony,” said the President of SAFF. Pluh, a retired IPS, said that most of the time the Public Information Officers (PIOs) try to hide information instead of giving it immediately when people ask for it.
This border crossing is a collaboration between the youth of the village and the neighboring villages who are still able to travel together.
Not only that, but John Robert was also considered a brother.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Jongksha Social Cultural and Sports Club on Saturday concluded the First Quarter Football Tournament 2024 at the Jongksha Stadium.
He was born into the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.John 1:1
The authorities, health experts and those who stand forward have become the victims in the fight against it.
“The price of rice has increased, people are suffering now, they can't get bills in Lad Rymbai because of the ban on coal mining,” said a woman. price T.750 per month.
Because even if we don't belong to one group, when necessary we will work with all political parties,” said Bah Ronnie.
Nongpoh: Umsohlait Sports Club, Umsohlait Sports Club, Jatah Social Union Sports Club (JSC) has won the title of the Jatah Social Union Sports Club (JSC) in Mawhati. Mawhati Youth League in the tie-breaker match.
Nongstoiñ, June 26: Mawduh Lower Primary and Mawduh Upper Primary Schools on Tuesday held the Closing Ceremony of the Annual School Sports. 2022'.
According to sources, the house was owned by a retired IAS officer from an ethnic group in Manipur.
“However, there are other NPP members who have promised to make Danggo Minister if he wins.
The district authorities have tested 95 people who attended the ceremony and found that 95 people have tested positive for the disease, but the surprising thing is that the ceremony was not positive.
Shillong, July 24: The Chief Secretary of Assam, Naba Kumar Das, on Tuesday said that he has no knowledge of the plan of Assam to dam the Khri River, known in Assam as the Dron River.
Speaking at the re-election meeting, Bah Pangñiang said that the youth have a heavy responsibility for the future of the community, society and governance.
The Meghalaya TMC in 2022 has launched the WE-Card scheme in the state as part of the financial assistance to the mothers in the state. a month if the TMC comes to power.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Friday met with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah to get information regarding the influx of Manipuris into the country. state.
The bodies are now on the highways and it is very difficult for the government officials to collect them and it takes three to four days to collect them.
He also confirmed that the construction of the hospital will be completed within 30 months.
When asked whether the issuance of the letter of demand for money has disrupted the talks, Prestone said that after reaching an agreement to talk, there has been no further discussion or complaint from both sides. .
How can this policeman not know that this is a restaurant for the people, where there are shopkeepers, employees and customers.
“The lack of understanding of the problems caused by illegal activities, insurgents and insurgent groups is one of the reasons.
Diamon Ika Blah, mother of Dr. Sachioika Blah (Sasa) and Cora Megan Blah, sister of Rapionglang Blah, Arkioo Blah and Toki Blah, resident of Chapel Road, Qualaptty, Shillong, has passed away. on November 1, 2020.
The government has also transferred both the teachers to other schools.
He said the NEC would bring about cooperation in the region and stronger relations with the countries of South East Asia which would also achieve the Act East Police objective of the Central Government.
He said the education department will issue a directive to all the headmasters of schools to ensure that such incidents should not happen again.
The school was established in 1965 before Meghalaya became a full state.
He also contested the last MLA election where he received only 1800 votes from Jowai Constituency.
Replying to a question on the Governor's speech, the Minister said that the Police have so far arrested more than 1600 people involved in drug trafficking.
“If the Meghalaya government does not release the land share of Rs 94.40 crore to the JHADC, we will have to go to the High Court to get our rights,” said Ma Thombor Shiwat.
These are the writings of pro Zionists or those who blindly support Jewish extremist groups and who think that Palestinians or Palestinian Arabs have no right to live in the world.
Shillong, November 6 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today slammed the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Spokesperson Saket Gokhale for allegedly being a stupid person. He said that the government has misused Rs 632 crore belonging to the MEIDP.
UPS, which is located in Nongkhlaw village, West Khasi Hills District, is a government school in the name of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima. The school has been in poor condition and for many years it has been standing on the ground by standing on the ground from behind.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday, 10th July 2023, on Tuesday said that the government has not released the funds of the MGNREG scheme. The Minister of Community and Rural Development (C&RD Block) AT Mondal has received many complaints from the VECs of different villages. the delay in the release of funds and also to advise the government on how to implement this scheme.
The Chief Minister said that T 559 crore has been allocated for the Agriculture and Allied Sector including T. 247 crore from the State Resources for the year 2021-2 fishing, forestry, dairy and animal husbandry in the state.
Therefore, beware of strangers.
It was seen that Bah Dorphang turned to her and she smiled.
Shillong, July 05: U Minister of State and former MLA of Mylliem Constituency, Bah Hamletson Dohling, who won on the ticket of the People Democratic Front (PDF) in the 2018 MLA elections, He said that his choice for the NPP is not because of the purchase of Rs 5 crore as Bah Banteidor said that there is a proposal if he joins the NPP but it is because of the work. development and issues that the NPP promises to address after the elections.
In his speech, Bah Wahlang congratulated all the groups who took part in conducting this mock exercise and informed that after six years Meghalaya has been able to conduct such a mock exercise. He also called on the MSDMA to continue to conduct such exercises which will include schools and colleges to be prepared in case of such incidents. environment.
Rikman Momin, who was recently appointed as the new President of the BJP in Meghalaya, will take over on Tuesday.
This knowledge of medicine has been passed down from one generation to another.
In a discussion on a post on Facebook, the following points were quoted.
“I would like to extend my special congratulations to the Union Minister, Dr. Virendra Kumar and the Minister of Child Development, Kumari Pratima Bhoumik,” said Bah Shylla.
Mishra said it could not be confirmed whether they were members of the GNLA but they were still revealing the names of the people who had planned with them.
Synshar Lyngdoh, son-in-law of former MLA HDR Lyngdoh, who is contesting from the UDP. Trinamool Congress candidate Stodingstar Thabah and Seraph Eric Kharbuki.
Uttarakhand scored 136 runs behind Meghalaya by 311 runs.
Other ethnic parties, without mentioning their names, perhaps have not been able to join the throne because they are only able to get dohkyndang with shyieng.
“Now is the time to elect our candidates from all over the state to ensure that the UDP will come to power,” he added.
In addition, there will be 10 groups of commandos, who will work as the National Security Guard (NSG).
Nongpoh: U Bah Btotin Rani (41) of Umdiker Village, Ri Bhoi District, has lost his life after he was suspected to have fallen. The Stage 3 Concrete Dam has collapsed in the Umdiker area.
The Seng Derew Padu, which hosted the tournament, has expressed its gratitude to the PHE, PWD and MeECL departments as well as the VDPs of Padu Village who have taken the initiative to organize the tournament.
We hope that with the support of the people we will be able to bring peace as soon as possible,” said Biren Singh.
This was announced by Bah Boldness L Nongum, who was the chief guest and former Principal of the school, while celebrating the sports month of the school.
The rules of procedure of the committee will be issued soon and the committee will hold a meeting soon.
He said that many people who can contribute a lot have to refuse to enter the state for fear of being sold to the voters.
In another match, Rymbai Skhenshynriah beat Sutnga SSCC 1-1
He prayed without ceasing to the gods to give him a son.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: A child has died at Polo Ground during the heat of the match between Lajong and Rangdajied.
Speaking on the occasion, the Additional Superintendent of Police, Eastern West Khasi Hills, Mairang, Bah P Suchiang said that the purpose of this program is to explain to the students about the dangers of using Drugs have become widespread in these days which has affected the lives and minds of the residents especially the students.
Speaking to media, Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA and chairperson of the committee, said that in East and West Garo, the infant and female mortality rate is very high.
The DPR will be reviewed by the Government.
“The High Command of the party does not want to nominate a candidate for the mid-term MP election from Tura, but we will support the NPP candidate this time,” said the BJP President. Shibun admitted that it is true that the party from the state has already sent the names of three candidates who want to contest the mid-term elections this time.
Bah GD Kharwanlang SP Mawkyrwat said that it is not only our duty to plant trees but the most important thing is to take care of them.
He said that the village authorities and political parties have expressed this because there may be many people who have just come from here and there, have been able to register as voters.
On the other hand, CEM Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the Khasi Members Pension Repeal Bill 2023 has been proposed to be repealed by the Pension Act. court.
Speaking to reporters, Ma Sniawbha said, “We have not stopped this project.
Rev.Bishop Wilbert Marweiñ of the Diocese of Nongstoin said that if there is such a conflict between the two communities, why should the churches and houses be destroyed? the reason why they decided to destroy the synagogues.
In the first verse of the song, Rana has written the title of the song: “It's been a long time since this one, I heard them talking about how to bring peace in the country Among the youth. From this first verse, I listened carefully to my own ears, because only from this verse above, besides the words, I couldn't help but shout and breathe the voice of This song with a lot of music, that has a lot of syrwet of the original music.
In her defense, Amber alleged that she had been beaten and assaulted by her sister-in-law on many occasions, including one in Australia, where Depp went to ring her. Depp tied her to a bottle of alcohol in his film, Pirates of the Caribbean.
Why do I say that? Because there are villages like in West Khasi Hills which are fighting without reason, without understanding and without relation to the government laws.
This will create employment opportunities for the youth and women and fill the vacancies, he said.
EJH scored 88/9 with Yoometre Malang 18 and P Malang 17; Maremdor Sutnga scored 3/18 and Haunidashan Pohleng scored 3/1
This was announced by the Chairman of SCDK, Bah K.Ryntathiang.
Shillong, July 02: The Seiñ Raij Niamtre Shillong on Tuesday held a ceremony to honor the students of the Seiñ Raij Niamtre who have passed well in the examinations and in various fields of study. Shillong, Shillong, to commemorate the 161st death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, a hero of the Jaintia Hills.
He said that the Union's demand is that the State Government should fully implement the factory as no dewbilat has been produced since the National Green Tribunal (NGT) The ban on the mining and transportation of coal in the state.
In a letter to the Minister of Education, the four organizations said that some schools and colleges have threatened not to provide education to the students if the parents of the children do not pay the school fees.
He also urged the government to remove the fences in the Mawlong Market area to relieve the traffic jam in Shillong.
The decision was taken after the Minister of Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, invited the VPP MLAs to her room for a meeting and informed that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will meet them within a day. or two days.
Those convicted under this section face imprisonment for 7 years or life imprisonment or imprisonment.
As part of the verification of the implementation, Congress leader Randeep Singh Surjewala said, “We had to go to the High Grounds PS with the necessary information.
Hamas militants claim that Israeli troops bombed a refugee camp in Jabalia, killing 195 civilians.
He said that there are 11 Rangbah Shnongs in Krang and it is very small.
The Minister of State and Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on July 5, praised the Garo people for their understanding of politics in the state compared to the Garo people. the Khasi people.
Therefore, we can strengthen the capacity of the farmers as much as possible from the rest of the day, no matter if it takes longer to establish a trade union. three touch.
It is your failure to build the roads that we have to face the rough roads which damage our vehicles and which cause the people to suffer,” he said.
We will blame only our friends for breaking the law.
At the same time, the Seng prays that God will grant them healthy bodies so that they can concentrate on their studies until they pass the examination.
Argentina opened the scoring through Lionel Messi's penalty in the 10th minute, followed by Saudi Arabia's second goal through Saleh Alshehri in the 10th minute. 48 and then Salem Aldawsari in the 53rd minute.
These skilled laborers no longer need to carry dewbilat, carry shyiap or clean.
As usual, as soon as the sun came up, the vendors filled Motphran until it became difficult even to walk.
The day was enriched by songs and dances by the students.
Dr Mukul said that through consultation, efforts will be made to fill the vacancies.
However, what the union wants is that those who took part in this festival should also remember the artists from Hynniewtrep such as Bah Skendrowell Syiemlieh (who is the source of God), Bah Rana Kharkongor and Bah Rana Kharkongor. Lou Majaw and others.
The meeting decided to demand that the government should immediately set up the Meghalaya Minority Development Board, as the Assam government has done.
The Chief Guest Dr.Wanweroy Kharlukhi in his speech congratulated the MLA Wailadmiki for taking such an important role for the youth in this era. young people who have been trained to be skilled in their work and to work hard for their own business which they intend to establish in life.
In the final match between the two teams, the match was very friendly.
The program was held today at RCEVE Secondary School, Mihmyntdu with the participation of hundreds of students from four Secondary Schools in Mihmyntdu. I am pleased to learn about this issue which affects the lives of girls.
On the failure of the Congress, AITC, VPP and UDP, Ronnie said they feel the need for a strong government and they see that the number of MLAs is not enough. to form government.
The group appealed to the people of the state who are concerned about this issue to take part so that the protest will be successful.
“If the UCC works in our country, it is very difficult, because we have our own customs and traditions,” said Bah Mayralborn. by different tribal communities.
In an interview with the EAC, he said that he promised to inform the authorities and submit a report on what happened here. districts have not yet completed their duties.
The Governor of Assam, Banwarilal Purohit was the chief guest.
Rupang has been able to get the opinion of many people especially those who belong to the Presbyterian Church, and has also spoken to some church leaders who did not want to be named in case something happens. bring about misunderstanding within the work of the Church.
Voter turnout, statewide; There are 882,330 males and 942,416 females.
The closing date for submission of application forms is 7th June 2023.
About 50 people attended the program including Mange Ram (Director KVIC, Shillong), officials of DCICRI-Bhoi, Palash Barua (LDM State Bank of India, Ri-Bhoi). ), Bah Donbor Sun (Co-ordinator, Rural Resources and training centre) and Father.
At the same time, he warned the Rangbah Shnongs and Syiems not to give syrnot to foreigners especially at this time when the Assam government will implement the National Registration of Citizenship (NRC) for more than Rs. Two Dkhars illegally residing in Assam will be deported and may come to the state.
The BJP doesn't feel anything about such incidents.
Thangbuli had chances to turn the tide in the 46th and 64th minutes.
Speaking on the occasion, the Working President of the MPCC, Bah PN Syiem, congratulated the elders, youth and Longkmie who have joined the Congress party. The Congress party has a reason why they don't like the party which is one of the parties that has brought about many changes in the state.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the Ministry of Tribal Affairs on 16th November held a Visit India Camp at Thadlaskein C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills.
There are four parking lots in the area, but most of the trucks do not use these parking lots and go down to Dawki at will. This is the road to Tamabil.
In this regard, police have registered a Suo Motou case at Sardar Police Station against these four persons involved in the illegal collection of money.
“The demarcation of the boundary from Langpih is a challenge because there are many ethnic groups living in this area including Nepalis, Khasi and Garo. fight to fix".
“From October to November, Bah Lahkmen should answer tomorrow (Friday) where this T.
The GNLA leader has been arrested by the South Garo Hills District Police.
For vehicles traveling from both sides of the NEHU Gate No.1 to Gate No.3, those coming from Umshing to Mawtawar will have to enter from Gate No.1 and leave from Gate No. From Mawtawar to Umshing, enter only through Gate No.3 and leave through Gate No.
“There are many such incidents which arise from differences of opinion between MLAs and leaders but it is not for me to inform about such incidents because we talk and discuss to improve. to these misunderstandings".
Therefore, it is suspected that the man was bitten while he was going to feed the lion at his residence.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The police search operation against KSU members in Ri-Bhoi District continues till today, said sources from the district.
The Union of Rulers has sought clarification on the Village Development Plan (VDP-GPDP) as it mentions the existence of the Ministry of Panchayati Raj.
Shillong, November 18 : The Congress Leader and MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency on Tuesday said that the government should ensure that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) should suspend the elections. immediately after the registration of its members.
Prestone Tynsong said the state government has submitted the proposal to the Taj Hassan especially after the state witnessed the fire inside the Police Bazaar and the government wants to strengthen and use the equipment according to the Taj Hassan. juk you are now.
The NPP, which became stronger in 2018 (from 2 MLAs in 2013 to 20 MLAs in 2018), may decline further due to its leadership of This is the Government of Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (anti-incumbency).
Shillong: Ka UHM Upper New Nongstoin Unit this morning, donated food items to a family under quarantine, as this family is facing difficulties in providing for their families. because she is a day laborer and lives alone with up to 6 children and grandchildren.
Nongpoh: Receiving a complaint from the residents and passers-by of Killing Road, who have complained to the union regarding the presence of students of USTM Killing, who have turned into a drinking place. Leaders of the HYC Ri Bhoi, today inspected and found that young men and women, who have set up a place on this road near the USTM School, After that, the HYC leaders drove them out of the place.
According to an announcement from the State Government, on the 27th October 2020, several food shops in the villages around Shillong will open to sell food items to the public.
The wish of the people at that time was that the Committee should issue a decision or report as soon as possible and if it is delayed they will intensify the protest.
Shillong, July 9: Following the order of the MoRTH to remove all the winestores along the National Highway, the AJYWO Central Governing Body (AJYWO) has demanded that the state government should close down all the winestores. The winestore along the NH44 for the benefit of the passengers especially the drivers.
Nongpoh: At 6 pm, this evening, the residents who witnessed the fall of Kha Bsein from a vehicle AS-01-NC-3 The Mahindra Pick-up was heading from Sunapur to Guwahati, but when it reached near the road to Killing at Baridua, the rear of the Mahindra Pick-up escaped. suddenly and causing all the flesh in the vehicle to fall in the middle of the road.
Shillong, July 14 : The BJP has started making various promises and misleading the people of the state as it is election time.
The meeting was held at the Tirot Singh Dorbar Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
Ka Sur U Nong Jaintia held a march and rally in Khliehriat at the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah and in Jowai they marched around Jowai in vehicles.
Nongpoh: Two women and a man have been arrested by the Byrnihat Police Outpost after being found involved in the smuggling of water. u Drugs.
The next day my father came home with a very fat chicken in his hand.
But the Chaldeans said to the king, There is no man on earth who can make known to the king the interpretation.
If we leave it to them, the UDP and NPP will not think too much about this but we have to think carefully about this important issue.
However, the doctors of the Government Hospital have announced that the woman died before reaching the hospital.
There are many reasons why the training facilities in schools and colleges have been delayed.
Before concluding the programme, the office of the District Tuberculosis Officer also distributed leaflets on the theme “TB kills due to stinginess and forgetfulness”. Shillong, Lber 08: The passing away of Bah Sumar Sing Sawian on Thursday evening has been a great loss to the people who have taken part in the TB campaign. Khasi Seng because this Rangbah is a rishot and a former member of the Khasi Seng for many years until he went to eat kwai at the door of God.
Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva, although he didn't get a chance to improve in his innings, managed to score 295 runs at an average of
Jonah 3:10 tells us that God was so angry with Nineveh that He said, "In forty days Nineveh will be overthrown.
Speaking at the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills, RP Marak said that the Viksit Bharat SankalpYatra is a good initiative as many people in the rural areas are not aware of the schemes. various welfare schemes allocated for their benefit.
The Minister said this while speaking at a meeting convened by the Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Society (MECDMS) at Windermere at Umpling.
The reopening of the new Dorbar Hima of the Hima Langrin Syiemship was held after the suspension of Pa'iem Nangtei Sing Syiem as the Syiem of the Hima Langrin. Section 7 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Shillong, 2007 through the Joint Secretary to the Executive Committee, KHADC, Shillong.
From Mawphlang the road descends west on a gentle gradient for about 2 kilometres.
In the semi-final of the 2nd Division of the MGFL, Thangshalai SC beat Mawiong SC 3-1
In the semi final of the first round which was held in Tura, Mawlai beat Khliehmawlieh 1-0
The Jowai Traffic Police has declared the road near Thomas Jones Synod College and entering Wah Nangbah as a No Entry.
The union demands that the state government should take strict action and impose a fine of crores of rupees if these factories continue to dump waste into the rivers.
The Partner Launch training, which is a comprehensive and comprehensive training programme, demonstrates how the ECHO model can assist employees in terms of skills development.
To report, the VEC has been working hard to avoid more work, but has not been able to complete the work.
Ardent said that this support will be a message to the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, the Prime Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong that they have to listen to the people. The voice of the public who wishes to change the Reservation Policy.
After that they went to sleep.
He also informed the House that the council's revenue from all sectors in 2021-22 was T.70.69 crore and the expenditure was T.82.66 crore.
A division bench of Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Sanjiv Khanna has sent a letter to the Registrar of the Meghalaya High Court on the case of Sona Khan and others, demanding that the case be dismissed. Justice Sen's ruling, in which he argued that India should be a Hindu Rashtra, because the partition of the country in 1947, was on the basis of religion, in which Pakistan, Pakistan , became a Muslim country.
The owner of the land expressed regret over the negligence of the people from the neighboring villages by cutting down the trees around the land and burning the forest during the rainy seasons.
He had a problem in the qualifying session but he got P17 after slipping from P5 after changing the tires and missing after the lap after the fourth flag was blown by an incident. happened in front of you.
Skill Meghalaya in collaboration with NGOs provides various trainings for young people who intend to start their own businesses and also to work in Fast-food, Restaurants, Hotels after completing their training through this Skills Training.
(6).
When asked how the Government will act through this policy especially when there are objections and no land to implement power generation projects, he said that regarding the private sector who own land, we have to talk and convince them.
In the second innings, the Royal XI bowlers managed to score only 120 runs for the loss of all wickets in 31.2 overs.
In Mawkynrew, the former Deputy CEM has not only been defeated but has also reached the third position, and in this constituency, the Congress candidate Banteidor Lyngdoh (paidang) has also won. he's Mr. Remington.
“They (Delhi leaders) say that we have no intention of cooperating with other political parties because if we cooperate with them, it does not mean that we will be overwhelmed by their ideology and we will continue to stick to their ideology. “Others can say whatever they want but the truth is that the BJP is not in the District Council and secondly, we have to put the issues first. jura of the nation before.
He said that the growth of AT&C in Garo Hills may increase but “it is our duty to reduce it as soon as possible.
FASToM has also recently proposed to the Government to increase the salaries of Headmasters, Headmistress and Principals of schools who have to work overtime.
The heavy traffic jam started at about 7 pm and at the time of writing, the heavy traffic jam is still in the Narpuh area.
The city of Aizawl has been cut off from the National Highway 6 at Hunthar.
The husband is now in critical condition.
Patanjali claims that it can cure the corona virus for those who are seriously ill and can cure the disease within nine days.
There were 50 participants, of whom 30 were males and 20 were females.
Therefore, the Seng urges the Garo friends not to take advantage of the large number of Garo residents in any area that still falls within the border of the Khasi. The horkit hordang shall not allow anyone to enter the area. They shall not be allowed to enter any road.
Besides these doctors, there are 116 nurses and 249 health workers, said General Ehteshamul Huq Choudhury, General Secretary of the BMA. The number of cases has risen to 5,913, including a doctor who has died.
“Besides, the government does not have enough places to quarantine the youths who have returned from other states of India, how does the government want to invite foreign workers, and where to quarantine them if they come from other states of India. “Who comes to work in the state?” asked Bah HS Shylla.
These include a gold medal in the squat (590), a silver medal in the bench press (395) and a bronze medal in the deadlift (660) in the weight category 74-83 kg.
The tournaments were held at Laban Indoor Stadium, Shillong Club, Madanrting Indoor Hall, Mawlai Mawroh Community Hall, Mawlai Madan Heh, Crinoline Swimming Pool, Khlaw Malki and Shillong Golf Course. (SAI) Training Centre.
The scrutiny of the documents of the UDP candidate was held on Thursday at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District.
When her health deteriorated, he shifted her to a private hospital in Puducherry and she died on 1st July 2020 at 8 pm.
About Padet, he was born in Chiang Mai, Thailand and began his musical career with traditional Thai instruments.
Speaking to media, one of the teachers of the school, Babu Kular Khongjirem, said that the authorities will consider the measures to be taken during this month in relation to the holding of the school. school children.
These foods were further purified with wood chips, ktung, dohthli, soh, muli, and shyieng toh and others.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 412 new cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District: 04 and West Khasi Hills District: There are 3994 cases in the State.
Shillong, June 1: The KSU Laskein Circle has protested against the government's selection of Myntang Tihwieh as the entry and exit point for foreigners. it is on the border with Assam.
On November 22, Wossaroi Rani from Mawphlang constituency and Bah Highlander Kharmalki, candidate of the Congress party in the last bye election from Mawryngkneng constituency, were seen entering the party. BJP party and hundreds of their supporters.
There was also a complaint from the people because there was no rain but they left again after the rain stopped.
Riangtem said that these days the handshake between the former Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the incumbent Prime Minister Conrad Kongal Sangma, through the media and social media, is very intense. Conrad Kongal Sangma has said that the social demarcation has been followed exactly according to the map drawn and approved by the MUA II government in 2011 during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister. .
At the same time, Conrad said that in the last five years, 88 lakh tree seedlings have been planted and out of these, it is expected that there will be forests covering about 10,000 hectares.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: On the 30th of this month, at 4:30 pm, a man named Rangwad Hitler Kalwing (40) was seriously injured when he fell. He was rushed to Woodland Hospital where he died of his injuries.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary CB of HYC Roy Kupar Synrem, while the General Secretary of HYC West Jaintia Hills R. Lamare said that the people are deeply saddened by the shooting death of five persons. The residents of Mukroh and this has brought debt to the Sengbhalang leaders for the sake of the nation.
When asked from which party he is ready to contest the MDC election, Bah Khan said he is still listening to the voice of the people. “We are still walking with the people,” said Bah Khan. He said that it is not only now that he has started walking to these areas but he has walked with the people. I have been a friend of the people of Mawkynrew constituency together with Bah Paidang especially in the last MLA election.
He said the government has tried to resolve the issue as soon as possible especially when the court has ordered that the matter should be resolved immediately.
In the case of 50mtr of all strokes, the end will be selected as the failure to complete before the scheduled time.
The new office bearers of JSM Jowai Circle are as follows: President – ​​Nick S Sungoh.
Mansa received the award from Bribooks in Gurugram, Haryana.
However, it was not until the 24th of this month that the girl confessed to her family members that she had told them everything that had happened. The family members of the girl have lodged a complaint against the father at Mairang Police Station.
“If there is any way that the government can respond by following the rules in the department, we can do that but we cannot apply directly,” he said.
“We can't operate for a long time, we can't work for a long time, but we can't work for a long time,” said Generous.
On the allegation that the government will be like Humpty Dumpty and will fall into the pit because of the corruption, Pala said that the government will be like Humpty Dumpty. It will fall if it falls because the election is near and it will fall like Humpty Dumpty.
“A happy person is strong, no matter how old he is,” said his mother.
Shillong:Ka KSU Mawlai Circle on 30th June 2020 has distributed relief goods to the families of Mawlai Nongpdeng Village who need assistance during this time of crisis. The lockdown is still in full effect which is the best way to fight against the Corona Virus (COVID-19).
The Minister visited the flood affected villages and asked detailed questions regarding the implementation of relief.
The Minister of Labor said that the State Skill Development Council (SSDC) was set up with the approval of the National Skill Development Council (NSDC) headed by the Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh.
When it was seen that the man did not stop the auto, the family members together with the village authorities went to search for the child and found the auto rickshaw in a deserted place. He tried to deceive her by saying that she had run away, but when the people searched, they found that she was in a place in the middle of nowhere.
Volunteers of the National Service Scheme (NSS) Unit of Jaintia Eastern College (JEC) have held a one-day special camp at Narwan, the adopted village of the NSS to bring about change in the society. from cleanliness, health and employment.
The five Bills passed by the last Legislative Assembly of KHADC include the 2nd Amendment Bill 2014 for the appointment of Sirdars and Rangbah Shnongs in Jyr Ngam Sirdarship; First Amendment Bill for the appointment and election of Syiems, Acting Syiems, Ministers, Basan and Rangbah Shnongs under the Bhowal Syiemship, the appointment or election of Lyngdohs , Minister, Bakhraw or Rangbah Shnong of the Mawphlang Lyngdohship Bill 2014 and the appointment or election of the Sirdar and Sordar of the Nongmynsaw Sirdarship
The NGT was also informed that the preparations have almost been completed to enforce the rules against these 31 illegal factories which have been set up without permission and without proper documents and especially those factories which have not been closed but are still open. and work continuously even after they are shut down.
Pamrakmai Village has 16 AAY Cards, 176 PHH Cards and 24 Non-NFSA Cards.
If families have a well-established family, they can give love and provide better for their children, but a family that is too large robs even peace and happiness. of the family itself too.
“We will write to the DC to express the suffering of the people, 120 houses in Pyrdiwah will fall outside the well and the worst will be Lyngkhat, the DC should comply with this law. “I can't do anything but it's the responsibility of the DC,” said Bah Shylla.
““You have seen how other Hill Stations have railway lines and it is more surprising to have railway lines in Hill Stations.
The Khasi language will be included in the Official Language Commission and in Government departments.
Jowai, November 22: Ka Sarot I One of the groups of friends who have the goal of helping as much as possible to the people in Ri-Lum Jaintia, from time to time has gone to help especially in the rural areas where blood donation has been provided.
Not only that, many people from all over the country came to witness the performance.
The meeting was also attended by the two Presidents of Mawkyrwat and Ranikor, Bah Seibor Myrthong from Mawkyrwat and Bah Preston Thongni from Ranikor. all the office bearers of the two mandals.
Referring to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), the Chief Minister said they have received the resignation letters of nine Executive Members.
Besides, Ka Sur u Paidbah Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep has also urged the government to provide medical services to the people after allegations that the CHC in Mawryngkneng on 25th July 2020 has refused to provide medical services. Regarding the farmers, Ka Sur u Paidbah Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep also urged the government to provide assistance to the farmers of the state for the purpose of harvesting their crops. This is the time to harvest their crops to sell because many farmers take loans from banks.
In Tamil Nadu, 5,622 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 6,14,507 and the death toll to 9,718 with 65 deaths today.
This Act protected the identity of the Riewlum by not allowing other British Indians to enter and live in these hills without the permission of the government and did not allow foreigners to buy land in these areas.
Regarding the violence in recent months at the rally organized by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), it is the Government's responsibility. This Government has not been able to provide adequate jobs, so that the youth can earn a living and have a future.
“The Mawsynram area produces about 50 tonnes of sohmrit per annum,” said Bah Himalaya and the annual turnover is about Rs 2.65 crore.
In such a case, it is also shocking, how those people who used to be close to the people, while their own donations, go to the government plan and this It is clear that they have quickly forgotten what they used to do during the elections and that is to distribute food, clothes, money and other items to the voters. .
Repanlin Lyngdoh, MSW student at St Edmunds College, Shillong, who has low vision, has explained how she got the opportunity to celebrate World White Canes Safety Day on the 15th of March. year.
The most valuable thing that foreigners can laugh at is our young people who like to speak foreign languages ​​in their villages, on their borders and on their own land. Remember to speak in your own language when you meet Khasi.
Therefore, the VPP will urge that the Reservation Policy should be amended first because as it is now, the pyrla has gone too far.
In the evening, the woman said that her sister had gone home to get food and at that time she said that the nurses had come to give medicine and said that they were giving medicine. sew.
Nowadays, in the age of violation of customs and traditions, these things have become a problem whether it is in the home or even in the society.
This is only a proposal and cannot be assumed to have been accepted by the authority of the government or any language authority.
Pangniang, MLA, has selected Tynghor Village as the AEC to become another Model Village in the constituency and the State Government. it also gave approval in May 2015.
Shillong, July 2: An elderly man has surrendered to the Sohra Police Station on Saturday.
Nongpoh, Nailar 11: Cleanliness and environmental quality are very important in human life these days.
In the second match, Rymbai Skhenshynriah SC beat Sutnga SSCC 1-1
Every year, traffic congestion in school zones is high.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “It is encouraging to see the participation of the residents and the conduct of this memorable programme.
At a meeting of journalists and media at Shillong Press Club, President David Laitphlang said that the sudden passing away of Rolandstone Syiem is a great loss to the journalists. news and media of Meghalaya.
When asked whether they would like to sell the unripe rice or the ripe rice, some of them said that if the price of fresh rice increases, they can sell the ripe rice. for if the living weighs shiphew kilos, if it is clean, it may have four to five pieces.
This is my decision,” said Bah Metbah.
Nongstoiñ, July 21: The body of Nijilson Lyngkhoi, a man from Marshillong SWKH, was found on Tuesday afternoon. Police said that after receiving a tip from the family members, they immediately rushed to the scene and found the body. of this old man.
“The purpose of this vaccine is to ensure that children are protected from serious and similar diseases,” she said.
The Dorbar Shnong has warned the GRIL Company that if it fails to repair the road within a day, the village will take other strong measures against the company, said a statement from Ma Lasting Pala, Waheh Shnong Umkiang.
The scheme has received more than 3.50 lakh registrations so far.
The Court also directed the State to issue rules on this, first to curb the pollution of the rivers, then to maintain and finally to clean or revive them.
In the second innings, Akash Kumar Choudhary took a wicket in the first over, then Dippu Sangma killed another player for Manipur. Narsingh Yadav (33 not out) and Nitesh Sedai (24 not out) scored 66/4 in 12.1 overs.
As the DC promised to the Seng on 03rd November, he will issue a decision to reopen the border trade market in a meeting with him at his office in Jowai on 28th July, and today. On the 3rd of November, the DC has issued a decision and handed over to the SDO Civil Amlarem to arrange the time and implement the works. These traders were allowed to drive vehicles to Bangladesh in the second month of November, as many truck drivers are still in their villages.
A dorbar which shall be held in order without discrimination against anyone shall not be held only for those who wish to do so, and shall not be held for those who oppose. Therefore, I would like to ask you to consider the following questions: 1. Whoever is closer to you, such a secret meeting is a meeting of thieves and thieves whose purpose is to take advantage of the people by a few people for their own benefit. pregnant.
The state government has also taken action in the field of health and maternal mortality due to the lack of adequate health facilities in the remote areas.
It may be recalled that two projects to clean up plastic waste under the Khelo India scheme through the central government have come to the area at Umsning Square and Kurkalang Square, but these are still ongoing. since they received approval in 2022.
There are 6,565 confirmed cases and 643 recoveries.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Banpynshngain Lyngdoh, President of KSU Nongpoh Circle, said that the reason why the KSU has conducted this surprise raid is after the KSU has not been able to hold a meeting. It is no longer possible to observe the rapid growth of foreigners who have opened shops without providing proper documents.
The next morning he left home at five o'clock and prepared his feet to go to the house of Bah Shanbor, Hep's father.
It is prohibited to smuggle bilor on the roads, hills, rivers and fields, not to sleep on the roads especially during the drunken hours, not to park or set vehicles on the roads especially in narrow places. parked other cars.
Sameer, who had just been discharged from Nazareth Hospital, did not recover and died today.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that when joining the party, they should join with responsibility, not as a spectacle.
Furthermore, the union demanded that the department should have full nurses and 2 doctors in each Primary Health Center (PHC).
We are the largest elephant population in Asia and so we should have a separate elephant corridor which can also be a tourist attraction where people can come to see the elephants and where the elephants and people can live together in peace.
If the Garoland Hill State Movement Committee (GHSMC) does not demand Garoland State, it will not be able to support the Khasi people.
“We hope that the state government will implement the request of the Council to complete this work within two months including sending it to the Governor,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Adelbert Nongrum. meeting of all parties on Thursday.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Borchis Diengdoh, brother of Denglang Diengdoh, said that the two men had gone to have a meal at the riverbank and when they got up to go home they met about 5-6 people. Bangladeshis who have not been arrested on the road.
The complex has been designed according to the modern standards including AIFF certified synthetic football turf, AFI certified synthetic athletics track, VIP, galleries, players' dressing rooms, rooms. office and other facilities.
All ration shops are urged to distribute this ration as soon as the goods arrive and also to publish the list of beneficiaries as well as the working hours inside their shops.
At the end of the final mixed doubles, Pegu and Baruah from Assam won against Nikhil Chetry and Yania from Arunachal Pradesh.
Last month, two people were shot dead and 28 others injured in a shooting incident on the East Side of Baltimore.
The Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, which was passed in 1955, was introduced by the BJP-led NDA government with the aim of providing citizenship to Hindus, Sikhs, Parsis, Buddhists and Christians on the basis of their religion. , who live in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Bangladesh to come and become citizens of India.
Prestone Tynsong said he has not yet joined the NPP but he will soon join and resign from the post of MLA. “I will resign soon and I will not wait until the dorbar. it was too much for me to go around," he said.
Speaking on the AFSPA, Wahlang said that the existence of the AFSPA has resulted in many human rights violations.
This food can also reduce stress, anxiety and doubt.
Purningstar Shabong said that as soon as they learned about the Assam government's construction of a road to the area, they went to inspect and after that, they lodged a complaint with the state government and KHADC. , but Assam has not stopped at all and what has upset them most is after they have seen and found that the road has been completed and now it has reached Nongwah Mawtamur.
Shillong, June 30: The Meghalaya government has shown to the Indian government that it will pay T.50 to each agan wadi in the state.
At the same time, she congratulated all those involved in the construction of this health center which will benefit Sawsymper and the surrounding areas.
“Hundreds of people do not have Labor Licence, this has threatened the illegal immigration especially during the implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam. in the past few months and now there has been action in the last few months,” he said.
Ibadarishisha Mukhim (Full Contact Senior Women -48 kg), 2.
He said there have been delays in the implementation of some projects due to these problems.
Shillong: The Ephphatha Society (NGO) today conducted an Awareness Program on the theme: contact with resources for specific individuals).
Chi covered everything.
The javelin could easily be used by two soldiers and even one soldier.
Two other smugglers identified as Bishen N. Sangma (26) and Cheng R. Marak (20) were arrested. They were from Gasuapara village in South West Garo Hills, who came near Jatrakona to meet with the deceased.
Four teams from Meghalaya, Punjab, Services and Karnataka have arrived in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia to prepare for the semi finals of the Santosh Trophy.
If the NPP cannot do well in Garo Hills, it is difficult for it to do well in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
However, in the semi final, Shillong College won the tie-breaker after the match ended 1-1
“We urge the government to provide financial assistance to non-Olympic sports.
The resolution against the UCC was moved by Congress MLA from Mawhati Bah Charles Marngar and supported by MLAs of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and Voice of the People Party (VPP).
“I therefore request you to accept this complaint and punish according to the law against the perpetrators because their actions have disturbed the public and the welfare of the residents.
The Working President of the UDP has said that the UDP has no power in the state.
It is alleged that the contractor has cleaned the road with mawria instead of mawship and this has angered the village leaders and the KSU who have brought the mawria in plastic and given it to the EE Shangpung Division.
The JHCMA has urged the Minister in charge of Transport to take action so that there will be no more weighbridges on the National Highway.
The Minister also confirmed that with the repeal of this Act, no laws will be enacted to control and curb illegal activities in the state.
The online class is still going on despite their challenges.
Swamy said India is suffering from a low price because people don't have enough money to buy.
On the other hand, Saleng said he had suggested to set up a commission, “Because this would be better.
Replying to a question on the government's invitation to the Harijan Panchayat Committee to respond on the blue print, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “This has been sent by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development Department, Bah Sniawbhalang. Dhar is in charge, but the government has promised to complete the work and hold a meeting with the HPC within this month.
He also urged all those over the age of 18 years to get vaccinated to prevent the spread of this terrible disease.
In the Under-17 category, North Liberty H/S School beat Mihmyntdu Secondary School 7-0
There will be 10 judges from the North Eastern States and the Federation will be in-charge with the conduct of the Competition.
Secondly, the police do not have the authority to operate until the troops in charge of the border have to station themselves on the National Highway.
The suspect, identified as Jansing Rani, allegedly stabbed the 14-year-old girl twice on the head in Mawmaram, East Khasi Hills.
Timings: Breakfast: 6:30 am to 10:30 am Weekends: 6:30 am to 11:00 am Lunch: 12:30 pm to 03:30 pm.
He was rushed to Civil Hospital Shillong, but died on 14/12/2022. He was rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong and died on 14/12/2 , you don't have to be faithful.
“Їand the Sabbath was made for man; man was not made for the Sabbath" (Mark 2:27). And His fierce stand to condemn the priests in the Temple who were breaking the Sabbath and that He also condemned the Pharisees for breaking the law. the greatest is love and kindness, not the sacrifice of animals (Matthew 12:6-7).
In the 1970s, the love story between Amitabh Bachchan and two women became well known in the Indian market and spread around the world. it was between his wife, Jaya Badhuri and then Rekha.
Shillong: The PWD department has spent T.47.87 lakh for the construction of a helicopter landing strip at Umsawli, New Shillong for the visit of the Union Minister in charge of Water Resources. The PWD built the helicopter landing site in 2006-07 when the Union Minister came to lay the foundation stone of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM). The helicopter landing site was only for that day but later it was not used again.
Following this promise, NEHUSU opened its doors and immediately called off the strike.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, Bah BJ Laloo, today said that there is no further investigation by the Assam Police and the incident at Umwali village has been resolved. Police are still patrolling the area to ensure the safety of the residents of the area.
The department has also provided food for the youth who came to compete.
The deadline for receipt of marksheets will be on the 19th of this month by sending them to the following whatsapp numbers 6001824031/8787789140 and the awarding ceremony will be on the 27th of this month.
Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA KP Pangiang, while taking part in the meeting, said that since 2013, the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has promised to provide roads to build good roads in all parts of the country. but unfortunately, it has not been successful yet.
There are 4,365 confirmed cases and 908 deaths.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynsuk D.Iuroi, said that yesterday they had a discussion on the need to increase the fare, because they do not agree with the price. by the government in 2020 and their demand will always be to increase the price by about 30% of the old price.
Shillong, July 11 : The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has allocated Rs 400 crore for the cleaning and strengthening of the Umiam Dam. Prestone Tynsong has convened a meeting to discuss the Dam Rehabilitation Improvement Project (DRIP).
I don't have much hope when the respected leaders of our Khasi country who have left a good deal of thought in the world say this? Because this can destroy the power of leadership and then we will lack leadership.
ML04 A 4600 is located near Thomas Jones Synod College, Iawmusiang.
Dr. Easter Meena Blah, Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College, expressed her gratitude to the staff members from various colleges for their participation.
After casting his vote, Ajmal said the Congress and the Mahajot group would form a government in Assam. The Citizenship Amendment Act is one of the top priorities of the next government.
In the Province G.
These are the power to move or influence the mind.
We have seen that other neighboring states like Manipur and Mizoram have excelled in producing recognized athletes in the country.
The registration fee per player is T.30 and a team should not have less than 20 players or more than 25 players.
On the ILP, she said that it has been going on for years but it has led the government to promise, to misuse this issue to turn around and create misunderstanding.
The meeting was also attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, Leader of the Opposition Ronnie V Lyngdoh and Lahkmen Rymbui.
After the implementation of this scheme, the water supply will increase.
They said that they hope that one day this tournament will be like other tournaments.
Shillong: Sputnik Spartan CC and NFU CC have won the Shillong League Super Division T20 match sponsored by the SCA at Polo Cricket Ground, Shillong.
“Those who come from outside the North East, have to accept all those who come from the Redzone area because if they come from the Redzone area, the train will have to pass through the Redzone area as well,” he said.
Pohkseh SC took the lead in the 5th minute through Reinjoywell Wartde before Wanjoplang Khriam scored the next goal in the 31st minute. in the first round.
The MTC also does not know the time, place and dates on which it will campaign.
During the inspection, the Minister found that 90 percent of the work has been completed and it is expected to be completed before March
Not only that, the HC judge has threatened to send Bah Adelbert to Kala pani as if he was a victor like in the past.
Not only must a leader hold the power in his hands, but he must also be faithful in all these things, because as a leader we will find forty kinds of criticism when he lead.
After this, of course, I will be able to inform him of the decisions to be taken with him," she added.
There are 2,509 new cases of covid-19 in Assam.
He said that there have been many complaints from different parts of the country and after careful consideration, they will be lodged with the police and the relevant departments.
Speaking generally about the number of those who have been affected or infected with this disease, perhaps many of them are still stingy and reluctant to come forward to the health department for investigation and if many do not take action The danger is to others who are still clean, because this disease is a disease that can spread quickly to others especially if the family is not taken care of.
Through this defeat, the team has returned with a victory over Mawkriah West where they beat the team by half a dozen on the 12th of November.
The total number of students from LPS to Secondary is
Pynursla constituency is the stronghold of the NPP led by the National Vice President of the NPP and the Prime Minister's Secretary, Prestone Tynsong.
“The loss of these two precious souls of the village in the hands of the police is a great loss not only to their families but also to the village and the community as a whole. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said HD Dkhar, General Secretary of Wapung School.
The government's spending of Rs 16 crore to buy pigs and cattle from abroad is no longer a burden on the state but should be a stinging of the need for pigs and cattle in the state. If it doesn't happen, it's like wasting the money of the people just to please them.
He also criticized the 35 leaders of the country who have not voted even though the nation is in a state of emergency. He said that during the elections, many candidates have contested the elections. “One will carry the country and the nation, the second will carry the country and the nation, that's the quickness. “It's like the nation is a prostitute,” said Nickson. “It's like the nation is a prostitute.
Earlier, the Principal Chief Electrical Engineer, NF.Railway, Ravilesh Kumar inspected the condition of these railway lines, railway stations and bridges through which these trains have to pass. , switch stations, railway stations, electricity supply in necessary areas.
Article (8) of the Town Committee Act-1960, in accordance with the provisions of the Act, shall empower the Executive Committee of the KHADC through a notice to establish a Town Committee in the area. bym pat don.
This happened in the 67th minute.
It is wrong, even the EM seat will be delayed for months and the new CEM will run alone in KHADC without the approval of his EMs if he has to go through the authorities of the state government.
He said that the Council's decision to oppose this will help the group and also show to the people that the Council is very concerned about this issue.
The relatives of the deceased have already lodged a complaint with the Mawlai Police Station for further investigation.
Paul Lyngdoh UDP said to Arden, “Hey Prah, only 4, how can we fight the roster, we are 11”.
Speeches were also delivered by Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District Abhilash Baranwal, Principal of Jaintia Hills District, Dr P. Nongtdu, Waheh Shnong of Chamcham, Ma Karlud Dkhar, MDC. Lasky Rymbai and others.
In his speech, u Bah Phres said that what Bah Markus Lyngdoh, President of Ri-Bhoi District, said to Rupang yesterday is true. He said that he wanted to say the same thing as Markus, because they are true, but what Markus has already said, he wants to support strongly that they are well-founded.
In the match, HUCC won the toss and allowed Khimusniang to tied first.
“These are tragic incidents but they affect the people,” he said.
Dimiligre IVCS Ltd.
“In this regard, we demand that the KHADC should not allow the Dorbar Shnong to be held on the 23rd of June,” said Bah Synrem. these two people.
"Rida looked at her mother and was shocked; but Panah agreed.
It is good to inform the farmers that all the soils are rich in many of these natural plants.
He expressed his satisfaction that all the states in the North East have enough beds and oxygen for the patients.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : On the occasion of the 77th Independence Day of India, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday made 10 promises to the people of the State. The Government's objectives in the next five years are to employ not only 5 lakh people but also to achieve its vision of a completely self-sufficient Meghalaya.
OSA has been linked to an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, high blood pressure, obesity and cardiovascular disease.
The Minister said that four people have been killed and two others injured.
Besides the floods, there has been a severe earthquake which has caused the road to collapse on the Dawki-Amlarem road in Jowai.
According to the decision of the central government, the quota for women to contest MP and MLA elections will come into force from
Bah Shanbor got up and went to open it.
He said that the Chief Minister , Conrad K Sangma , the Principal Secretary Prestone Tyngsong , the Minister of Home Affairs , Ma Lakmen Rymbui together with officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today visited the hospital. IIM in Nongthymmai and MATI building in Mawdiang.
Wallambok said the team of 41 persons, including Tiklu's brother, were on their way to climb the Draupadi Mountain in Dhanda and this climb was after completing all the training. .
EGH, who won the toss and elected to bat, managed to tick at 57/7
When asked whether she has any plans to act in Hollywood films, Kareena said with a smile on her face that if the opportunity opens for her, I will never be able to participate in Hollywood films.
“Recently, Assam has banned Meghalaya from building a bridge at Wah Myntang, Kuliang in Jaintia Hills, destroyed a school at Sabuda in Ri-Bhoi district and other border areas,” he said. Mr. Chyne.
He urged and encouraged the students to follow and implement the training they have received during the two days so that they can better understand what they should do and how they should do it. act like school children.
“For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ.”2 Corinthians 5:1
In the second half, the match became more interesting, as these players fought hard to score and win the title from Mawhati Zone, while the match went on, one of the players of Lumniwar SC , Lumniwar SC had a chance to score another goal and it lasted until the end of the match, which also led Lumniwar SC to beat Sonidan SC 2-1
Speakers on the occasion expressed their gratitude that the attendance of the people will encourage the party to continue working hard. JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat, MDC Jesse Suiam, NPYF Spokesperson Bajop Pyngrope, Jowai MLA and NPP West Jaintia Hills President Wailadmiki Shylla who confirmed the office bearers of the Nartiang Block Committee. The meeting was conducted by NPP President Hamkom Khynriam Nartiang.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through the Education Cell, after receiving a complaint from the students of the state who will sit for the CSIR NET exam 2023 to be held on the 26th, 27th and 28th November to take the examination outside the state like Jorhat and Dibrugarh.
If they violate the arrangements laid down by the Synod, they shall lose their position.
The driver of the truck sustained serious injuries and the assistant died on the spot.
“In many villages, the people use Jio, but the network outage has caused problems to school children and even traders who use the internet to trade,” said Publicity Secretary HANM Ladrymbai Circle Lektor Dkhar. The government should direct all companies to provide networks so that children will not be affected during this time of closure of schools to fight against the coronavirus.
Two other leading leaders of the party who won unopposed include Donald V Thabah as General Secretary and Biangbor L Paliar as Vice President.
The Dorbar Shnong congratulated the Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra for continuing to serve the country and the nation.
God says, “Thy heart was lifted up because of thy beauty, and thou hast corrupted wisdom by reason of thy brightness” Ezekiel 28:1
When they came to Rida's house.
Shillong: The KSU Delhi Unit expresses its deep sorrow and regret over the incident which happened on 23rd June, 2020 at 4.30 pm in connection with the forced entry of people from Bihar on a special train. There are more than 90 Meghalayans from Haryana.
When asked whether the attack was due to malicious intentions, Kejriwal said that since the AAP came to life, it has been disturbing other political parties.
According to the latest Worldometer data as of Monday, June 13, 2020, the death toll worldwide has reached 1,15,2
After the election, only two candidates won, even the president doesn't want to take responsibility for the defeat of the party, he wants to turn against us by making unfounded accusations,” said the Sohryngkham MDC.
“We were surprised to receive a reply from the Deputy Secretary.
The open ground can accommodate up to 15,000 people, while the indoor stadium can accommodate up to 7,000 and 12,000 people.
Speaking to reporters, Fadnavis, who has been prime minister for three days, said Ajit Pawar had met him today and made it clear that he could not continue to work with the government. coalition government.
On the occasion, the Platinum Jubilee was held at the church hall in the 40th service led by Tymmenbasan SS Kharbani.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Non-Bonded Nurses Association of Meghalaya (NBNAM) has demanded that the government should treat them in the same way as those who receive government or bond education.
The 3rd Meghalaya Games has come to an end on the 20th July at PA Sangma Stadium, Tura West Garo Hills District. The 2025 Meghalaya Tournament will be held in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District.
Mairang, Lber 21: The Tulba Motorcycle Riders Association (TURI) on Saturday visited Tengri village in West Khasi Hills District to hold a program on agriculture. In this program on agriculture, awareness was also given to the people of this village.
The dorbar was inaugurated by the MLA of the area and Minister in the Government, Bah Hamletson Dohling in the presence of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Acting Syiem of the Hima. Mylliem, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Ministers, Chiefs of the Hima and Village Leaders.
Dawki, Naiwieng 15: Heads of various Bangladeshi companies today arrived in Meghalaya to meet with state government officials to discuss the coal and quarry blockade in the state. which has caused them difficulties in trade, development in the country as well as the failure of the factories which have to run their business through coal and oil.
Overall, it is not only in Ri Bhoi District that many of the residents support their families by agriculture and even in the state as a whole. agriculture except for a few who are in government jobs and who live by trade.
NPNKG became the winner by defeating DNR by 3 sets and won a cash prize of T.30,000 and DNR T.10,0
Now you can't do that anymore.
“In 2014, the LEP was upgraded to the Act East Policy (AEP) which has brought about change and has also transformed the North East,” he said.
““Ka seng has urged the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that the role of the State Government and the Legislative Assembly or the 60 MLAs should not end with the passage of the Resolution but we want the State Government to take the lead. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the ILP is not over and the State Government will continue to fight for the ILP. “I have informed the Central Government about the ILP,” said Bah Synrem.
“Therefore, this dismissal and discouragement of doctors will seriously affect the quality of health care in the state,” said the MMSA. The MMSA also demands that the government should look into it. The MoU signed between the Government and the Public Health Foundation of India.
The EVMs have been placed on the EVMs to hide those who do not want to vote for candidates in the elections where their votes will also be counted.
The decision to close the door was taken only by the members of the Executive Body, but the MECF informs the public through this statement that the General Meeting will be held on the 20th July 2019, at 11 am exactly inside the Auditorium Hall. Nativity Mawkyrwat, and requested all the light lighters to come together so that they can take other decisions.
On the other hand, the parents expressed their deep concern to turn off the lights for 4 hours because there are children who like to prepare books when the world is busy.
“There is nothing wrong with the process, all the issues of the process have been followed.
At the same time, he expressed his happiness to know that he has a close relationship with his father, (L) PA Sangma and that he contested on the NCP (now NPP) ticket in 2009.
On the occasion, Bhardwai also explained that the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Amendment Act, 2016 prohibits and punishes those who commit any act in the name of others.
Mawkyrwat, July 05: The Village Natural Resource Management Committee (VNRMC) of Phanniewlah-Neng Village under Mawphlang C&RD Block with the support of the MBMA through the MCLLMP A meeting was held to explain the World Environment Day.
How can we love God? You don't have to explain it.
Speaking during the election campaign on 13th June, Bah Samlin said that what they say and criticize him is a blessing.
In the Bible, all the things in it are true.
Union Minister in charge of Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari said that people across the country have shown a sign of love and sympathy and confidence in the BJP. , in which he believes that this will help the party to win more than 400 constituencies in the Lok Sabha elections.
Thus, during the rainy season in Mawlangwir and other places, the leading leaders themselves clean up the garbage, the main tyngshops go to fetch water from the river and go to the forest. There are those who clean, clean, carry, and distribute food and drink without discrimination.
Speaking to media, Bah D.Sun, one of the youths from Nongstoiñ after the meeting with the DC, said that the DC has explained to them that he cannot issue a new order. He said that there will be no compulsion and there will be no punishment for those who do not attend.
He said that in the past, when the elections asked for the wealth or the livelihood of the candidates, they were afraid but now the candidates don't care because the people don't care about the wealth of the legislators. .
Speaking to media, Bah Raiwan Sohtun said that the meeting of the party with the Symbud Myntrirangbah was to urge the government to pass a law to allocate 80% of the jobs in the state. private sector groups for citizens from companies and other employment opportunities.
Franklin Lyngkhoi President VDP said that this is not an incident that is happening, but there are only two households in the village who have been fighting from time to time with the village authorities.
Nongpoh: Chiefs of the CRPF from the 67th Battalion, CRPF Polo Shillong, today visited Marngar village in Ri Bhoi District, to provide training to those Khasi youths who live in Ri Bhoi District and who have passed away. to be appointed to various branches of the army.
The union has been on strike for three days to protest against the government's decision to dismiss the DC. The Kiang Nangbah College scheme worth Rs 2 crore from the central government, which the MLAs cannot do, the Jowai By Pass which has already been completed and there are many development works in the city. The district where the DC has done what the MLAs cannot do, said the party leaders.
Hamas in Hebrew means VIOLENCE. Israel is the country that God gave to Abraham...The Palestinians are just invaders and claim to be their country.
He said that from June, 2022 to October, 2023, the NFR has registered 77,8808 cases related to passengers without tickets and collected fines. which amounted to T.62.98 crore.
“The talks between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam will be held soon and discussions are underway to fix a time and date soon to discuss the border issue,” he said.
Shillong: St. Edmund's College beat KL Bajoria College 5-4 in the tie-breaker after a 1-1 draw in the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament
Speaking to media, Adelbert said the state government should take action to demand from the central government to amend the Constitution (Scheduled Trines) Order,
The committee asked how the public meeting was allowed to be held when there is a code of conduct for the Lok Sabha elections. At that time, a mob came to the area to attack the foreigners and killed a Bengali Khar and an advisasi who worked at a quarry in the area.
He said that he has now made it clear that he will contest without the power of money but with the love of the people.
Once again, Kong Angela stressed, “We can only be employees, market vendors, newspaper writers, writers, farmers, domestic workers, householders, students, young job seekers, self-employed, retired, teachers, musicians, composers, artists, scholars and fighters, but we are united and there is only one to restore a new democracy and to speak the truth and justice"
Where are the churches and civil society organizations in these cases?
Daniel received this message of the 70 weeks in 539 BC. According to Daniel the 7 weeks were over.
“I'm sorry.
The MPCC has given 48 hours to withdraw the names of the candidates announced from six Khliehriat constituencies.
The investigation will be conducted within 40 days and the government has also decided to pay compensation of T.3 lakh to the victims. decided to maintain peace and order in the area.
We spend 100 years in school, three years in class and two years in higher education.
Meirad Thaneh Warjri has been in prison for more than 10 years until she became completely blind.
The clashes between the two communities started on Friday morning and continue in Bishnapur and surrounding areas of Churachandpur district.
Dance groups from Assam also performed traditional dances including the Bihu dance, which is famous all over the country.
“I have issued an order to all the doctors, staff and the Nursing Superintendent not to release the nurses or patients from the Civil Hospital until the contact tracing has been completed,” said Dr Nongbri. , who is also the Joint Director of Health Services (JDHS).
"I cannot thank you enough, as they deserve," Johnson said, praising the doctors and nurses at St Thomas' Hospital. London.
In Mawkyrwat Zone, Pyndengrei SC, Mawten SC, Riangdo YSCA, Seven United SCCC, Lumdiengngan SC and Shillong Lajong FC have been defeated. and the Selsella Sports Association.
This comes 10 days after the CoMSO implemented its Inner Line Permit (ILP) to check and search for foreigners entering the state.
On the other hand, the three ADCs in the state have decided to pass a resolution to express their disagreement with the central government's plan.
People now throw garbage in the hills and rivers and pollute and destroy the environment without any hesitation except from their own homes.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) Shillong has agreed to investigate the incident ha Umoid.
Police have sent Bah Khongsit to appear before Sadar Police Station at 11:00 pm on Tuesday.
It is also understood that the VPP will soon hold a meeting to welcome the North Shillong MLA to the party.
The State Government ruled by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-I) and now the MDA-II has taken seriously this demand of the people by appointing a High Level Committee (HLC) to find out the solution. There are ways to evict illegal immigrants from Mawlong Market.
Thus, the total amount of money that the United States has been able to raise and provide for these refugees has reached about $2.1 billion, since the US aid sent in 2017 to this por is now.
In a letter to Dr Ricky, the District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills said that the office has decided to hold a meeting on this issue.
However, until now we have not seen anything that the Government has done as promised.
The availability of mobile phones with the invention of scientists (Technology) has made it easier to do everything in relation to household chores or business and others.
We remember only the money at the right time.
Kaba means rieh.
Ko Kong ko Thei, listen a little, Word of caution that you don't fall;
Speaking on the women's football team, Larsing said the Indian football team is ranked 50th in the rankings, which is higher than the men's team.
At present, the water supply has stopped since Sunday due to the fact that the water has not decreased even after many days of supply.
Thomas Jones was already a hero in the eyes of the English, but his own people did not give up and fought hard.
Bhuvnesh Kumar scored 89 runs off 45 balls.
On finding the Mahindra Pick-up, which was carrying the batteries, the police tried to ask where they came from and also tried to ask for the documents, but When they found that they could not produce the documents, they prompted the Byrnihat Police to arrest the suspects and take these vehicles to the Byrnihat Police Station.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society in collaboration with Galmanand Supermodel India from Mumbai will hold the Miss Meghalaya 2019 pageant on 16th June
“We have no objection if the Prime Minister or the State Government wants to improve any procedure according to the passage of time which will have to be followed strictly by the District Council and Hima Courts. if the Government wants to eliminate the corruption that used to happen in the District Council Courts,” said the Nokma Group.
The Lord's Word says: “Do not seek their peace or their good.
Nongpoh, March 20: Four persons were injured and an elderly man died in two accidents at Umling and Shangbangla on National Highway 6 this morning.
On the other hand, the MDC said that the reason why he joined the NPP is because he sees that the NPP has intelligent leaders who are willing to work and serve the people of the state.
It is learned that the relatives of these two persons are in dire straits to withdraw the money demanded by the insurgents as they are in financial difficulty as their coal bills are still pending.
Therefore, the village would like to ask, or direct, any persons from the village or residents who would like to have anything or complain about any activities in the village, to contact or inform first to the village or township authorities for the welfare of the village.
Therefore, I appeal to you the Khasi-Pnar people to wake up from your ignorance and stupidity.
She also alleged that the government has given the authority to purchase land in the area using the Power of Attorney or by registering the land of the Raid or Hima which belongs to the people. in the name of a person or persons and by this means the government will be able to purchase land by forged documents.
The union will continue to intensify the issuance of documents such as Work permit, Labor registration and receipts from the entry points to all foreigners through the union offices in different places and under the KSU South Central East Circle Secretary Samla Ksanborlang Thabah said in a statement.
Former Congress President Rahul Gandhi said the news of the killing of four soldiers in an attack by militants in Poonch in Jammu & Kashmir is a sad incident.
Shillong, November 11: Arwanki Sumer, Rangbah Shnong of Panaliar, Jowai, on Tuesday said that the organizers of the Fire House Band Festival in Panaliar have already sold 3000 tickets. the band was unable to arrive on the scheduled day of the 12th of November.
What encouraged and strengthened the HSPDP candidate, Bah Primson Makdoh on this occasion, was the fact that these NPP leaders after joining the party HSPDP have also promised to The HSPDP has been working hard to win the election in Umsning Constituency.
“If he cannot announce publicly when it is better for him to resign, we don't want MLAs who deceive us with words without action”.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police today announced that all entry and exit points in the state will be closed for 10 months in a month and this will last for three months.
Therefore, the family members and others who have any connection with the deceased are kindly requested to come and collect the body from the morgue of the hospital within three days before handing over the body to the hospital. The relevant authorities of the Shillong Municipal Board shall take the necessary action.
THE NONGROOM LAW (PDF) – 635.
Nongpoh, June 03: The National People's Party (NPP) in Ri Bhoi District today honored the two MLAs of the party who won the recently held elections in the state. They have been empowered by the people to become the people's leaders from the two constituencies in Ri Bhoi District.
This has become clear in the past that the law itself takes action only against those who violate the Covid-19 rules.
He said that the people in the MDA government have no concern for the nation especially the influx of foreigners and they shout only words to mislead the people.
Whether as a group they will accept or reject the government's proposal to relocate all 342 households to the quarter of the Shillong Municipal Board.
Shillong Lajong FC will play against Mawkhar SC at 4 pm on Monday.
According to sources, the President of the country after accepting the resignation of the Governor, V. Shanmuganathan, in charge of Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh.
Junestar Kharbani, President of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) was the chief guest on the occasion. Mawkyrwat Village with all the participants.
“After we complained, the District Council issued a Stay Order to suspend the Syiem's ​​order to collect taxes from the residents of Raid Sawsymper. by the District Council.
And the more you grow, the more you have the strength and the training and the more you improve yourself.
According to sources, Package I has been awarded to Anusha Project Pvt Ltd and BKD Infrastructure Pvt Ltd. Package II has been awarded to Narendra Sharma-TK Engineering Consortium Pvt Ltd, which are joint ventures. and Package III was handed over to BRN Infrastructures Private Ltd.
At the same time, the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Durbar, said that they will soon send a letter to the Chief Minister, to demand the upgradation of Patharkhmah to Civil Sub-Division, so that that it is a blessing to the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
The story of Jesus' visit to Jerusalem takes place in the spring and on the occasion of Jesus' last entry into Jerusalem during the month of the Jewish Passover.
Selfish, materialistic, believers or unbelievers love materialism because they say – the age of materialism.
He said, “Many will come in these days to deceive you, but stand firm and trust.
He asked whether it can be said that the Government of India has appointed him to create trouble in the state through his constant speeches against the indigenous people.
He said that many job card holders have started to hesitate to come to work because of the difficulty of not getting money and besides that what has made them suffer more is because of the distance from the banks and this happened in the country. Garo Hills because the banks are not available in this area.
Her body was laid to rest at her children's home in Thadmuthlong.
The winner will receive a cash prize of Rs 2 lakh and the runner up Rs 1 lakh.
The reply of Kong Toi shows that the relationship between her and the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh is unpleasant due to the removal of her as chairperson of MSCW. Kong Toi will send her reply to the show-cause notice and admitted that the notice was sent to her after the minister had already spoken twice in front of the media.
You can also include vitamin C in your eyelids.
Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School) has won the title in the first quarter of the match. you have not been able to score a goal.
These are all used to check the prevalence of symptoms, identify clusters, identify people with active symptoms, determine how many people are still under quarantine and to see requirements.
The driver of the truck, instead of stopping, drove away from the check post.
Shillong, Naitung 08 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umïam Circle on Saturday visited Sumer and Lad Umsaw villages to collect labor and trading license from foreign workers working in Sumer and Lad Umsaw villages.
Because many residents are poor and destitute, lack of rooms in their homes, lack of outdoor space for personal use, lack of health and protection facilities for those who set themselves (self isolation).
Shillong: The Council of Traditional Chiefs and Headmen today held its first Executive Committee for the purpose of improving the quality of education in the country. to carry out the work that they should do in the future.
This happened while they were in a boat to fish in the pond.
The President of the party, Peter J Lawai and General Secretary, Robertjune Kharjahrin, launched the leaflets. The leaflets will be distributed to the public from today.
“Until now, it is not clear why these five shops burnt down,” said a source from the shopkeepers.
Prof Rai has been appointed as VC of NEHU for his own benefit, they alleged.
"Although Arsenal returned to the top of the table on Tuesday after beating Chelsea 3-1, through today's victory, Man City have returned to the lead in Mikel Arteta's side have more than one point in the tournament.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Lamphrang Blah who released a song written and sung by Bah Pynshailang, General Secretary of the Khasi Authors Society, Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima, President of the Khasi Authors Society Mawphlang Village Council and others.
Because the US has said that journalism and investigation is not a crime or harmful to anyone, Russia should not take anything else regarding his visit to Russia. of his own accord and of his own free will.
Pynshngaiñ N Syiem CEM of KHADC is one of the Congress MLAs who used to speak against the Chief Minister in the media. He said that he has not received any information about Sonia's summons to the Congress MLAs and he has not been in Shillong for the past two or three days and today he is returning from Mawsynram. .
Bidol Tayeng said Punjab and Haryana are the largest exporters of food items to Meghalaya, and in November 2014 alone, Meghalaya exported 25,740 MT of rice, 3,225 MT of rice, Tripura and 3,225 MT of rice. 31,294 MT of rice, 3,372MT of rice and in Mizoram 18,590MT of rice and 829MT of rice. “We have to buy from Assam,” said Edar Nongbri, President of Synroplang, a group that holds khwai competitions across the country.
The Dorbar Shnong has directed the government to ensure that the construction of the TB hospital at Umsawli will not affect the drinking water sources of the village and the department has promised that it will not affect the TB hospital. to the wells of the city.
He said that through this fete, the target is to raise funds for the construction of an Indoor Sport Complex of the village.
We must remember that everything starts from the home and when there is no unity, the family breaks down.
The real victory will be ours if we can elect MLAs to form a strong Government that will rule and implement for the benefit of the people.
Mynkrem, Khliehriat, Saphohwaiong, Longsnieh and Madansynrang constituencies fall under the 1st Nartiang Constituency while Nongjngi falls under the 3rd Raliang Assembly Constituency.
Bah Khyriem said the Sengbhalang raised the issue at the meeting today after receiving information that many of the people who are entitled to benefit from the scheme have not been named.
A total of 114,217 people have been infected in England.
United XI beat Sunrisers by 16 runs on Saturday.
There are still many who live by the day and who are still facing a shortage of food and drink; who are still waiting for assistance from the state government.
It is expected that these appointed Coordinators will be the right hand and left hand of the party for the preparation of the elections and to strengthen the party across the states.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Cavin M.Mylliemngap, MLA Sohra Constituency, praised the CBU for its efforts to promote education, traditional culture, ethics and dignity. the Khasi language, the training of school children in various fields and also the contribution to help and support those school children who come from poor families since
Two candidates, Equator L Nongrang and Joining L Mawnai, have applied for tickets.
According to information received, the CRPF personnel who were on patrol in Nongpoh tried to extinguish the fire so that it would not spread to other areas. shops that are located near these shops.
Many Foreign MPs Foreign MPs, it is not easy to see that there are members, like inviting foreign MPs, who have started to get land in our villages, to take care of them, like taking care of children. (adopt) who doesn't have a parent.
Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L.Thongkhar, Minister of State in charge of PHE, said that the MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton L.Thongkhar, Minister of State in charge of PHE, expressed concern regarding this issue.
In a meeting with the media today, the shopkeepers and residents of Iewduh expressed their gratitude to the Syiem and the Dorbar Hima for being able to curb this incident. The shopkeepers who have not cleaned up the nuts that have grown on the shops for many years.
The Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) has had to suspend the Little Angels School in the Under-18 Inter School League 2022-2
“As residents, if there are any such tragic incidents, ambulances or fire trucks will run because the road is already narrow, besides and they shall put the market in the street, and we shall walk therein.
“Corruption is against public administration and it is the poor service delivery of the Government, corruption also affects economic growth.
Perhaps Jesus came, but the authorities did not allow him to enter the towns, the kingdoms and even the places of worship? We surround ourselves with soldiers, tanks, airplanes and rockets, terrible explosions and we say to Jesus, "You are not worthy to enter"
Such a thing has never happened before in the history of Meghalaya.
He said that after he was transferred from the post of AIG to the post of Commandant of SF-10, there was no other Commandant in his place.
In this story Jesus did not tell the crowds to go and get food themselves, he did not rebuke or reject them, he did not accuse the crowds of being lazy or waiting to be fed.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of 10 villages in Laitkseh and Marngor Circles including Laitkseh, Upper Laitkseh, Marngor, Langlew, Mawkhan Pambeh, Mawblei Mawjoin, Mawkhan Phyllut, Mawkhan Wahkwang, Nongdom Laitnammilang and Lawkhan Laitnamlang have been arrested. They expressed their surprise and surprise after learning that they have not been included in the new district of Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong Lumputhoi, Bah Saian Lyngdoh, said that the incident happened on the 6th of this month at about 1.00 pm.
He said that the candidates who have passed the examinations will get the jobs between the 1st and 15th of next month.
Shillong, June 18: The Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, today announced that the Meghalaya Games will soon be held in June and the Northeast Olympics in March-November
She said that it is surprising that there are few people who have registered for Aadhaar even though the CM has linked all the schemes and documents to Aadhaar and all the people are afraid of getting Aadhaar. NFSA scheme has been merged with Aadhaar.
Damehipaia Papeng, a commercial taxi driver from Jowai-Lad Rymbai, is from Khonshnong village and lives in Mihmyntdu after marrying Nidawanroi Rymbai.
This festival of 'Thangbu-halo' was held only in a few villages under the kingdom of Jaintia.
Dr. Chanmiki Sayoo, Head & Neck Cancer Specialist and SBE explained the experts in the training.
Shillong: The North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) has warned the Indian government against the proposal to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 to recognize as Indians people of certain religions in Pakistan. , Bangladesh and Afghanistan.
The purpose of the kur in establishing the executive branch is to get to know each other in order to avoid blood marriage and also to be close in all matters whether it is joyful or sad.
MM ThaiangJowai: July 2013: The Missionary Sisters Mary Help of Christan (MSMHC) have held a prayer service at Mooralong Convent Hall to commemorate the 41st death anniversary of Mooralong Convent Hall. Bishop Stephan Ferrando SDB, their Founder on the 16th of this month.
Guwahati: The BJP government in Assam will soon implement the Cow Protection Act, said Jagdish Mukhi, Governor of Assam.
Dr. Patricia Shylla, Medical Officer, Jowai Blood Bank, Aziz War, Member of the Group, gave a speech. Jait Dao Sumer, in the presence of Group SIM members and Blood Bank staff.
“JN Nehru, Nelson Mandela were young leaders before they came into politics and I don't see anything wrong with this,” he said.
The writings are correct.
According to the figures released today, commercial vehicles were sold only 31.57 percent or 196,524 units in April, which is the sharpest decline in the past 40 months. This has been the case since 1997-9
Matthew 27:51-54.
“Dr Mukul Sangma has left the people of this constituency alone just because of political differences, and if he is a non-party MLA, he should have come to meet with him. cooperate with the administration.
The EC was led by all the Presidents, Secretaries of various Units, in order to fulfill the directives of the Central Body regarding the election of the candidate for the election. MLA election in this constituency.
“These incidents are not the fault of the security department especially when the organizers of the rally have already asked for permission by promising to follow the rules and regulations and the district authorities have also fulfilled that promise, but without “I don't think it will happen like that incident that will shock everyone,” he said.
Not only that, the Lamphang has also removed Martin M Danggo from the Chairmanship to conduct the dorbar because the Prime Minister does not trust Danggo to conduct the election. government.
Roads were damaged and traffic was disrupted.
He expressed his satisfaction with the outcome of the meeting as it will free the residents from the problems they face in relation to the construction of their own houses.
he is the mentally ill boy.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister congratulated the Police Department for arresting drug traffickers and seizing drugs worth billions of rupees in the past few months.
Our staff has provided the necessary facilities to provide treatment to those who suffer from such diseases.
According to the statement, Bah Gilfred Singh Giri was born on 10th July,
On the other hand, the woman expressed her gratitude to the MLA who came forward to help her in her trouble.
Prestone Tynsong is one of the leading leaders of the Khasi Pnar community and he is the one who supports and protects the dignity and power of the community in many areas.
However, now not only have they married foreigners but they have also decided to give the clan of the mother to their non-Khasi children.
The vehicle came slowly and arrived at the scene at about 1:30 or 2:00 pm, according to witnesses.
The MJAC added that from these revenues which are entitled but which have not reached the government budget, which should come through revenues from mineral resources, it has been able to build up to kilometers of good roads every year in East Jaintia Hills District for the benefit of the people.
On the other hand, u Bah Tynsong said that the issues demanded by Bah Adelbert are already on the agenda of the MDA government. “We are following up on the ILP and the evacuation of the people living in Mawlong Market area,” he added.
How can we allow the same party to rule? You need to make a difference.
And there was no day like that before it or after it, that the LORD hearkened unto the voice of a man: for the LORD fighteth for Israel" Joshua 10:12- 14.
When asked by Rupang whether they will stop their protest if the government calls for talks with them, they said that only in the capacity of Minister of Education they will not. We don't want to stop the protest or even go to talks but only at the Chief Ministerial Level or at the level of talks only with the CM and if he calls for talks the answer we want will be Yes or Yes.
Damian S War and other members of FKJGP Thadlaskein Circle were also present at the distribution.
Speaking to Rupang, Khongsit said, “The sad thing is that we have all been sent to stay at home, but the border trade has not been closed and they have opened it.” sit, he said that through the opening of the market, vehicles, stop and enter and leave from Dawki to the market to Bangladesh.
Every day, the Block Office is filled with people who have Aadhaar.
However, even after the death of Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, the HSPDP is still strong.
Nongstoin, November 04: Seven days after the abduction of two employees of a Shallang saipan, Johnstarly Lyngkhoi and Paul Kharsyiemiong, the AMEF has arrested two employees of Shallang. , who kidnapped the two men, released them at a place in the Swangre area.
In a letter to the DC of East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Vincent Pala said that the amount of Rs 1 crore was used to purchase ventilators and masks. preventive suits, testing equipment and other equipment for use by the state health department as part of the campaign against the corona virus.
Health workers have 18 cases in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in Lawsohtun, 6 cases in Mawlai Mawroh, 6 cases in Nongthymmai Nongkhyriem, 7 cases in Police, 16 cases from abroad and others.
The kickboxing team of Meghalaya was led by the Legendary Warrior Combat Team and Byrnihat Boxing MMA Club. In the presence of members Bah Pyrkhat Sohiong and Badonbor Sylliang.
The sudden change is as if the students and parents have been cheated because they have already bought their expensive books.
Hek said that if the inspectors of quarantine centers across the state complain of violations of the rules of quarantine, they will be punished accordingly. the rule of law.
Besides the KSU and the people expressing their opposition to the railway line, the company is continuing the work.
Reliable sources said that the party is currently fighting for candidates from two constituencies led by MLAs who also hold the post of Minister in the state government.
In this incident, a tourist vehicle was involved in the landslide but no one was injured.
Nongpoh: The Chief Judge of the District & Session Court, Ri Bhoi, Kong G.Rani, has sentenced four robbers to life imprisonment. They have been involved in robbery in different parts of Ri Bhoi.
Other crops also include shriew, phandieng and some soh.
The office of the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat on Friday held a public awareness meeting on drug abuse, violence against women and children and road safety.
“Does the Central Government want to forget about this incident by keeping quiet and taking time to announce?” “The Central Government should remember that we cannot forget this incident and we will demand that it be done. “It is only through the investigation of the CBI that the facts will be revealed,” said Bah Sawkmie.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do this.
Many times we forget our manners when we are too busy.
The minister said there are 10 lakh Indians working in Bangladesh and “We don't need to go to India”.
Leaders of the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District, including Luistar Lyngdoh, Secretary, Lumlang Mawnai, Vice President, Banshanlang Nongbet Sport Secretary, said that the tournament will be held exclusively for the FKJGP. of those elderly who have reached the age of 35 years, which is also a celebration of the 30th anniversary of FKJGP.
Everyone is happy to bring the Congress back to power,” he said.
“I have heard that this story is very popular and some people say that after the 2018 elections I am suffering until I can't do it anymore but through this news I want to make it clear that I am healthy and I am fighting for the cause. “I don't care about the area as someone has accused me of being appointed by the current MLA,” he said.
The destruction of families results from ignorance of God's law.
On the other hand, Ms. Besterlin Lawrynñiang, a resident of Shangbangla village and a shopkeeper along the road, said that many of the accidents happen in this area which causes injuries and shocks even to those who are shocked. They also requested the NHAI to install speed breakers to prevent the speeding of vehicles.
Those who have no spirit of knowledge, those who have no spirit of repentance, God will destroy them because God has already sent His Son into the world for sinners.
The statement said that in fact he should have called a meeting in his own constituency, but because he has a secret intention together with some of his colleagues to introduce the meeting. The person who intends to nominate a candidate for the MDC Election,
The list of Ready to Cook dishes such as Butter Chicken, Chicken Biryani, Chicken Curry, Chicken Moghalai, Mutton Curry, Paneer Butter Masala, Kadhai Paneer, Veg Biryani, and others.
“The UDP has moved forward to nominate a candidate and the preparations are in full swing,” he said.
After the meeting, the residents also burnt the portrait of the three suspects involved in the murder of Bah Pynkhreh Surong.
They said that if the state government cannot appoint them before the expiry of the appointment period, they will take other measures to protest. and a request to other civil society organizations in the district to join hands with them.
However, in Zone 2, North Garo Hills DCA managed to score 90/4 in 14 overs before being suspended.
“Therefore, we have decided to appeal to the Gauhati High Court and file a PIL to remove the religious services and religious statues in the school grounds,” he said.
“The Council has passed many Land Bills in the past years.
The NEHU Students' Union (NEHU) on Saturday blocked Gate 2 of NEHU to block all vehicles after the NEHU authorities failed to provide buses to the 2nd semester students. who don't examine.
The Jaidbynriew has a lot of scholars, researchers and scholars, let them take a major role in putting in the writings about the Khana Pateng of the Jaidbynriew and followed by a strong struggle to include them in the education system. that from generation to generation, they may know the history and the path of the Jaidbynriew.
The independence of India reminds us of the selflessness of the heroes who stood on the foundation of bloodless struggle.
Shillong: The Umkiang Youth Union (SSSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the negligence of the health authorities and the DC of East Jaintia Hills. center in Umkiang village, has been neglected, without providing drinking water, sanitation and toilet facilities.
“Today we members of KSU Narpuh, we arrived at Brichyrnot at about 11:00 pm, we went to the pandal, we saw that the people had gathered on the road, when we arrived at the pandal there were only shuki that people don't have anymore.
In Meghalaya, it has become a subject that Khasi students must take in classes X, XI and XII and must pass until it is abolished by the Meghalaya Board of School Education in Make it an elective subject and not a compulsory subject.
On the part of the Secretary of the 6th Wah Lukha Association, Ma Daiapherbha Lamare, he expressed his gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, who has taken this initiative for the revival of the Lukha River. He also expressed his regret that the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) did not attend the meeting, besides being invited by the DC and said that there may be something behind it. on the absence of officers from the MSPCB, but he expects them to arrive at another time.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 81 new cases have been confirmed and 1223 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The tree planting was also to remind the people to protect themselves from the river and to refrain from throwing plastic waste and other garbage into the Myntdu River.
He said that the North East has been affected by insurgency and it is necessary to have trust and cooperation with the people to bring peace in the region.
Man is divided into his own, his own land, his own country, his own state, his own district, his own of the region and in your own community.
On the other hand, the officers urged the students to take this opportunity to come forward as this is the best opportunity for them to get jobs even in Class X. to implement the NEP 2020 from this academic session 2023 is unfair, dark and surprising.
Therefore, any person including Muslims from other countries who wants to become a citizen of India can apply for this under the existing laws.
He said the EC will meet again with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Block-2 to discuss more details along with the provision of documents before taking it to the Regional Committee set up by the Block-2 State Government.
Drink clean water:- According to researchers, 80% of those who get diarrhea are from drinking dirty water and not properly covered and the rainy season is the time when All the water sources are dirty and dirty which causes many diseases which leads to the spread of diseases especially diarrhoea.
“If the District Council bans the entry of vehicles carrying agricultural products to the jhur market, it will be a problem for the farmers because they will not be able to transport their products far away. ", said the managers of this jhur market.
After a while, the team from Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District scored the second goal through Danishisha in the 60th minute.
“Ka seng hopes that through the hard work of the law enforcement agencies, the parents of this child will be found soon.
Shillong: U Bah PT Sawkmie, MLA together with Bah A.Massar, Social Media Coordinator Meghalaya, today visited the shop of Bah Markorbahun Mukhim at Umjarain, Mawtawar. such as Beks and ornaments.
The group will leave the State tomorrow (28th).
Therefore, the union said that if this is the case, it will take up to three years to complete the vaccination campaign in the country, even for the elderly.
It is also intended that the amount of compensation for those who die injured or any non-disease deaths in prison will be a punishment and to warn the government if such deaths happen again. The government will have to count how many deaths have occurred in jail, police custody or anywhere else and to disclose up to how much will you have to pay in compensation.
Prophesy against these bones, and say unto them, O ye broken bones, hear the word of the LORD: thus saith the Lord GOD unto these bones; and I will bring forth flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and ye shall live, and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today expressed its shock and sorrow over the passing away of Archbishop Dominic Jala.
The UHM has sent a letter to the government on Friday to strongly oppose the MDA.2 government's plan to explore the construction of a railway line in Jaintia Hills.
Other doctors, including Dr Lana Lyngdoh Nongbri, acknowledged that there is a lot of health risk from the types of tobacco that people are accustomed to using.
India lost eight wickets for 171 runs in 20 overs.
JSU Laskein Block Circle on Tuesday visited Laskein CHC on the preparedness for COVID-19. Led by Dapmain Suchiang, General Secretary JSU Laskein and others. .
Many of the jobs related to the government authorities in the development of the village, the village has been lost.
Lajong then got a corner from Lepcha who took the corner from Gladdy Kharbuli.
Meanwhile, many of the trucks seized in the Block area were confiscated for timber and vehicles by the Assam Forest personnel.
At the same time, he said that as a leader, he informs the government about the damage in the village, especially after witnessing with his own eyes the damage.
Especially it is an opportunity for Khasi men who do not have sisters to continue the lineage born to other non-Khasi women.
After the Under-14 women's and men's finals, the final of the Under-16 category will be held again, and the first will be the women's final, where St Paul's Higher Secondary School will play. against St. Mary's Higher Secondary School at 12 noon.
Some of the family members of the patients wanted to know why they were left behind or whether there were any staff inside because they did not see anyone leaving the room and did not see anyone entering the room. .
We would also like to express our gratitude to the doctors and nurses of Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai, Thomas Jones Synod College, Kiang Nangbah Govt.
The Prime Minister and other Ministers, along with other NPP MLAs from Meghalaya and other states attended the NPP meeting held in Delhi.
“We have appreciated the work of the Election Department to ensure that foreigners and those people who doubt their citizenship are not registered as voters.
The cleanliness drive started from Yungwalieh in the presence of the Waheh Chnong, Shri Riquoma Rq.Laloo, Careme Phawa, General Secretary of the village and several members of the village elders.
Media reports said 10 people were killed, including 10 civilians, who were traveling on that fateful day.
He praised the initiative of CBC Shillong for organizing the multimedia exhibition and urged the students to visit the exhibition.
When asked, Lyngdoh said the party is still waiting for a report from its president, Deborah Marak regarding the meeting with former Meghalaya Chief Minister Mukul Sangma.
Nongpoh: A young man has died shortly after being electrocuted.
The opposition MLAs, HM Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh and Kimfa S Marbaniang, visited the teachers at Madan Malki. PT Sawkmie, Mohendro Rapsang, many civil society organizations also came to encourage them.
Replying to the invitation of Bah Vincent H Pala, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that he does not say yes or no, but for now as President of the PDF he wants to see how to strengthen the party. He said that he cannot explain what will happen next, but he will wait and see, because he said that all those who come forward have the spirit to serve the people and from for the public good.
The daughter of BJP MP RP Sharma was arrested along with 19 others for allegedly paying money for jobs.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said this after a meeting with police officers, state officers and leaders from various groups, who discussed the drug trafficking. within the state.
When questioned by the court, the government official said that the government has taken steps to close down the illegal factories, but did not say anything about the people who ran them. types of factories and those who have violated the orders of the Supreme Court.
Most of these weapons were seized from the GNLA, ULFA and ASAK. Between July and July 2015, 105 members of the rebel group were arrested while 25 were shot dead by the police.
At this thanksgiving ceremony, the shat ka kheiñ was completed and at the same time the gold and silver water was sprinkled on the ksing, tangmuri and kynshaw, so that they would be clean and pure, so that they could use it. The clean sur is the new sur, which can stir up the body and mind of the dancer so that the audience will be happy and excited.
They are Laitumkhrah Presbytery, Home Mission Presbytery, Shillong Sepngi Presbytery, Lumrapleng Prebytery, Mylliem Presbytery, 12 Blang Presbytery and Lum Shillong Presbytery.
The aim is to show how it has worked to bring the community together, to create closeness among people, to promote the spirit of inclusion, and to bring about a spirit of cooperation. , inspired by everyday life.
Prof Streamlet Dkhar, gave a speech on the origin of the written language in Khasi and said that it should not be forgotten that the written language in Khasi was first written in Bangla characters and used in the language tnat. of Shela by William Carey and Krishna Chandra Pal in 1813 from the Serampore Baptist Mission.
In connection with this incident, as well as in the past few months of April, some unidentified gangs have shot dead a youth during a robbery in the North. Bypass inside the city of Karachi.
The KSU feels that it is the duty of the Tribal Affairs Department and other government departments to immediately resolve this issue so that it will not cause problems to the students who are going to higher education.
She also sought a report from the Dolloi and Acting Waheh Shnong Jarain on the construction of the market in the area. The market is located in Sawshnong Square.
The purpose of the association is also to train the players, if the club or village leaders are smart enough to lead the players to participate.
Pool-H, Lion Sports & Youth Affairs, Mulang Ïalong, Lumpariat and Moosalyngkat.
Conrad said we should understand that the government is responsible for the people and the state as a whole.
He said that despite this, he has struggled to find ways to improve his own destiny by coming out to contest the MP election so that the people of the state may want a new candidate.
Phensedyl was smuggled from India to Bangladesh.
Shillong: U Vincent Pala, MP from the Congress party today released Rs 1 crore from the MPLADS scheme as part of the fight against corruption. Corona Virus has been confirmed in Meghalaya.
He said that Article 371 is a nightmare to abolish the District Council.
Women who went to work in Riam shad men.
:The KHNAM on Tuesday announced that the first names of the candidates for the upcoming elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be announced on will be released in early November.
The arrested are Heisalon Dkhar, 33, resident of Rymbai, Elius Wanniang, 40, resident of Mawkyrwat and Rishotlang, 31, resident of Khimusniang, Jowai.
I am not talking about animals or animals.
The Ranikor Area Farmers Association (RAFA) together with the farmers of Nongnah, Nongihijngai, Dirang, Mawlangbah, 18 Mile and other neighboring villages on Saturday 20th July 2024, held a A public meeting in Phodkroh and Nongnah villages in South West Khasi Hills District has decided to attack and kill the wild elephants that have been living in these areas for a long time. They don't even want to collect their crops especially these days it's time to collect Synsar, Kwai, Tympew, Sohmarit, Kaid, Sla Tyrpad, u Phandieng, where these Hati who have been in these areas for about two years now, have been turning around the people which has made the farmers unable to go to see the crops in the fields of they.
He also urged the women to continue to produce more ksai ryndia for the purpose of making ryndia clothes as they are the most affordable and affordable clothes of the Khasi people. clothing industry which is one of the activities that benefits and improves the income of the people.
The Nongkrem MDC said that he had found during his tenure in the District Council that the officers obey their superiors and this is where they will suffer. “I urge you officers to be careful that when you retire instead of getting pension, you get tension,” said Bah Shylla. When you get a pension, you get only a small amount of money, but when you get tension, you get a lot of money.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Deikisha Lyngdoh Talang, the lead actress of the upcoming film 'AHOR', has won the Top Model India First Runner Up competition held at city ​​of Delhi.
“He also said that not only did they misuse the money but also the power by violating the service rules.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Lambokstar Marngar, President of KSU CEC, Bah Malcolm Tariang, Bah Bull Lyngdoh, Kong Hana Lyngdoh, sister of the KSU CEC. The meeting was conducted by the Chairman, Samla Iashanborlang Mukhim.
These birds arrive in Nagaland and Tyrso-Umtngam from mid-April to early November each year.
The driver of the vehicle, Bah B Mawroh, said that there is a committee of the Public Service Commission and the vehicle has been allowed to be used by the District Serial Officer, Bah RB Lyngwa and Bah B Mawroh. Bah Mawroh said that he was just returning from the meeting, but when he reached Mahari, four youths sent him out of the car and burnt him with petrol. .
Speaking to u Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Bah MF Ryngksai, he said, “These things start from home and these things show that these days, the situation has deteriorated. from the house".
The order directs to comply with the rules laid down under Chapter V of the Mineral Concession Rules
Journalists who used to cover the Dorbar of KHADC today have been left in the dark due to the refusal of the Council to provide the relevant documents especially the Budget Speech of the it has never happened before.
All these leaders denied that this was after the suggestion of Bah HS Shylla who expressed his willingness to leave if there is an understanding between the ethnic parties, but they admitted that the talks between them have gone further. shortly before Bah Shylla made his public announcement in these days.
The VEC of Pamrakmai has constructed a 550 m long road at a cost of T.27,86,187/- and a 680 m long footpath has been implemented at a cost of T.22,61,845/-.
Many Australian cricket stars and close friends flocked to the hospital and met Hughes' family to express their condolences on his death.
Criticizing the government's inability to control these issues, Pala said that if you look at these issues, it is clear that the government is only promising in the election campaign but when it comes to in this regard, they don't believe much, especially in the eastern part of the country.
At this time, his friends had cut down these bridges, which also caused the father of the child to fall and die.
It is alleged that some of the items were not purchased but the bill was made and some of the items were purchased and the bill was increased.
He admitted that many of the public meetings and many of the residents do not follow the SOPs laid down by the department, but the department is trying to ensure that the residents follow the protocols. He also urged the residents not to be stingy as it is not known when the disease will strike again.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has said that the party does not want to withdraw from the MDA government even if the President's Rule comes. and many were amazed.
Even any Indian can demand any right from the federal government.
Every election, the people see many spectacles of the riew thrangbor.
Five groups of singers will take part in the competition including KC Lights (Meghalaya), Nagaland Chamber Choir (Nagaland), Ao Naga Choir (Nagaland) and Mizo Cardinal Choir (Mizoram). , the Salvation Singers (Mumbai), the Beat Choir (Chennai), the Madras Musical Association Choir (Chennai) and the Sargam Choir (Chennai).
The lack of foreign players, who are more experienced, has hampered Lajong's on-field strategy and they need to think again if they want to stay in the I-League.
MUDA has been in trouble after a PIL was filed in the Meghalaya High Court against the illegal construction.
He criticized the remarks of Bah Manstudy who strongly criticized the BJP and said that the leader of the opposition has spoken in two voices, one against the ban on beef and the other against the ban on beef. “You can't make rules without an Act. The Act was passed by the Congress government in 1960 but the rules were passed by the Congress government in 1960. “It is the Congress and the BJP who have done this,” said Shylla, suggesting that the state government should write to the central government to exempt Meghalaya from this order. The Act does not apply to Jammu and Kashmir.
It may be recalled that the Pyndengrei School was first opened on 15/2/1972, by Christians with only 14 or 15 households under the leadership of Tbn W.Pariong.
MPYC President Samla Adrian Chyne Mylliem has strongly condemned the BJP government for this action of the ruling BJP government. to encourage the people to talk about the things that the government cannot do for the people of the country.
The Minister said that the Police received a tip from the Control Room, Shillong at 10.15 pm on the night of the 24th, informing that a fire broke out at the office of the Shillong Bar Association, which is located behind the office. DC, Shillong.
Assistant publicity Secretary: Ricky Mukhim 11.
All three winners are from Captain Williams School, Tura.
“The difference between Goa and Meghalaya.
" Linda's words.
So he told his father and mother everything that had happened that night.
“This tortious work of this company can be witnessed only by looking at its working methods and if there was action as we demand this incident would not have happened and we hope that nothing will happen to them. “They are not allowed to drive,” said the Information Secretary of FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle, Bah Evanfield Khonglam.
He was speaking after some UDP MDCs alleged that the NPP MDCs had agreed to appeal to the High Court against the MDA government's signing of the social border agreement. however, they later withdrew their support.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Seng Khasi Kmie, on Friday celebrated its 124th Anniversary with a prayer, thanksgiving at the Seng Seng Hall in Mawkhar in the morning. celebration at Weiking Square, Jaïaw.
He said the budget of Rs 1913 crore for 2016-17 will be based on the expenditure on development projects and other government projects.
The shooting and injury of three SPTS bus drivers in the metor area was the main cause of the riots in Motphran and surrounding villages.
All women love and enjoy jewelry because it is a sign of femininity and also a symbol of status in society.
At the time of writing, no casualties or damage to property were reported.
Speaking to media, the Convener of Maitshaphrang, Bah Michael Syiem, said that the demand of the government is to amend the Meghalaya Succession Act 1986 so that the Khasi & Jaintia Special Provision Act The law shall divide the sons and the daughters, the slave and the fatherless.
It was my first time in Shillong but I saw the beauty of the cherry trees.
Expressing his disagreement with the NPP's rule in 2023, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah expressed his concern that the NPP-led MDA Government will continue to hold office. He shall hold office for three terms in the State.
Does God tell us what to eat before entering the temple? People used to eat in the evening and go to the temple the next morning.
We can blame the inadequacy of this method, that doesn't matter.
More than 600 people from Manipur have fled to Cachar district of Assam.
The BJP leaders were welcomed by the Congress leaders at the DM Hall, Nongpoh in the presence of Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, Congress Candidate from Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Min Makri. , Working President of NBCC and others are the leaders of the Nongpoh Block Congress Committee.
It was after she arrived at the hospital that the necessary treatment was given to her.
The Chief Executive Member of the JHADC and the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) on Tuesday strongly condemned the allegation by the Chief Executive Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) that the residents of Mukroh is the day of the poison.
“The complainant must come in person and send his reply before the 27th of July.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Meghalaya Police in collaboration with Assam Police, today arrested four members of the ANCA (Achik National Cooperative Army) from the Assam-Meghalaya border. , and they were brought to Tura for questioning.
“How can Shillong, which is known as the Scotland of the East, reach the 276th position among the cities of the country,” said BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh. today.
He was born in 1956 and was raised in Shillong by his father Oflyn Dohling and Bilian Warjri.
We have to look through molecular detection to find out whether it is poisonous or not,” said Asst Director of Horticulture, Mushroom Development Centre, Upper Shillong, Bah K.Kharpran. message.
Oooh, what a pity uniqueness.
SHILLONG: Rev. Dominic Jala, Archbishop of the Shillong Archdiocese, has passed away in a car accident in the United States.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Bah Bindo said, “I don't know what to decide now because as it is now, the UDP has been in existence since 1997 through the synrop lang. other nations are different now".
Speaking after the meeting, the Minister said that the Commission needs another member to be appointed and directed the Political Department to do so and send the name to the Committee. will do the needful.
So that time will not come until the beginning of the 7 years (the last month).
“To elect a leader, we usually have to elect a person who is a true leader, who looks after the welfare, the development especially in the border areas, many of us are farmers. I found that only Bah HM Shangpliang could help.
The question is why in other states teachers don't have to strike and take to the streets and why does it happen only in Meghalaya.
The American Cancer Society said the symptoms of people infected with the drug include fever, chills, skin rashes, redness of the face, head and neck and runny nose.
Shillong: The BSF today arrested Bhola Sangma, 68, from Anandopur village in Sunamganj district of Bangladesh.
This journalist, who was walking near Anjalee Petrol Pump, was shot dead by a Dkhar policeman, who speaks Khasi, who stood in the middle of the road, stopped the vehicle and ordered him to leave. The driver, to move sharud, said, “The VIP car is coming”.
Furthermore, reliable sources said that the NPP wants to welcome these two MLAs before casting their votes in Sohiong constituency.
“Then, you don't have to kill that sha.
He said that the students have also demanded from the Principal that from next year, the College should clearly write in the Prospectus and Forms that it is necessary for the students to wear the uniform. Uniform inside the College.
This was achieved after they won the semi final match which was held on Tuesday at the Mini Stadium Ladjaplem, Amlarem.
The meeting was attended by CEM JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat who gave a welcome speech.
To prevent this, what is needed is to teach the youth to love peace.
The tournament, which lasted for seven days, featured 102 matches including Open Men's & Women's Single, Doubles, Mixed Doubles, 35+ Men's Single, Men's Doubles, 55+ Men's (Single/Doubles).
In the Sohra Civil Sub Division, the chief guest was the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The Congress candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from Tura, Saleng A. Sangma on Tuesday merged the BJP and the NPP as one and the same, adding that only the Congress is the party. an organization that allows freedom of worship – that can bring peace to all nations in the country.
Russia has discovered a cure for the coronavirus.
The MLA said that farmers have also been affected by 35 percent.
At the start of the match, Aizwal played well in the first half where Lalrin Zuala Lalbiaknia scored the first goal in the 4th minute.
Scientists reported in the Lancet that up to one in five of these students may suffer from this visual impairment and even blindness.
So they left the shop three of them and while they were walking like a bsein, Niakha ka Rida met them at Motphran.
The suspects are from Jalyiah but have settled in Lad-Sutnga.
He said that the works and programs of the government rely on the officers to run them so that they can be successful.
Indira announced the reorganization of Assam in
“Your support will not do anything and we will see how far this government can stand against the power of the people, because now around the world, the people have started to join the protest".
