Therefore, the UN on this occasion urged the Taliban to change and lift all these restrictions, which it has imposed and implemented to ban women in all aspects. The Taliban's actions have violated and violated the human rights of women and deprived them of their right to freedom.
Salseng spoke on the need for education and proper knowledge, which rural schools often do not provide the education they receive in urban schools, and urged the teachers to provide adequate education. to children, especially young children, so that it is no longer only urban schools that can provide adequate education, but also rural schools.
It was this struggle against the British authorities that sowed the seeds of distrust or distrust of the Welsh Foreign Mission Board or the Church in Wales, which led Thomas Jones to leave the Missionary work.
The NITI Aayog has found that the Headcount Ratio in Meghalaya in NFHS-4 in 2015-16 was 32.54% while in NFHS-5 in 2019-21 it was %, indicating that the number of poor decreased by 4.75%.
Assam, which won the toss and elected to bat first, failed to tied first in Group C. Only Ajima Sangma took five wickets for 29 runs while Anita. Lodhi, who was the guest player, scored 80 runs and Sejal Raut 55 runs.
The question is why engineers and officers want to contest the elections after retirement? Everyone says they are running for election to serve the people.
The hold on the jait is a strong force for the women of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Regarding whether their protest is justified or not because they failed to pass the MTET examination, Kong Banri said, “Our protest and demand is based on “We have been teaching for many years and our contract has been renewed from the office and not by us”.
According to Article 366, the President of India is empowered to recognize any ethnic group as a Schedule Tribe in any State or Union Territory and by the order of the President, the Khasi are recognized as a Schedule Tribe.
They were treated like wild animals and tear gas was used.
Hundreds of houses were destroyed by the earthquake, the report said.
Many of them, while they are cultivating, are sowing as much as they can.
Therefore, let us be the change we want to see in the constituency.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya will hold a march to carry the flag of Atal Bihari Vajpayee at the BJP office in Shillong.
The Seng Kutsnem is a day to remind the kur ki kha to stand firm on the foundation of Hok, that is, to live, to be, to do, to create, to walk, to stand, to speak, to tell, to think and so on. and thou shalt be righteous, and holy, and good, as thou hast commanded thy fathers.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaïong 9: The residents of Nongtrai area, which includes more than 30 villages, have urged the health department of the state government and the minister in charge of health department to create the opportunities for the upgradation of the Umsohpieng Sub Centre.
It is our duty as his spiritual children to keep clean without polluting and spreading garbage today especially for those who will come to the service and burial in honor of him.
Justice Aparesh Kumar Singh, who is also an advocate of the Jharkhand High Court, recently took oath as the new Chief Justice of the Tripura High Court.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that all political parties have the right to contest elections and have their own ways of thinking and working in public administration.
“We demand that the KHADC should immediately appear before the Syiem of Jirang Hima who has allowed the Assam government to set up a border in the areas under the jurisdiction of Jirang Hima,” said Bah Lamphrang. Expensive.
In today's world, agriculture should have moved forward but if we compare the yield produced by the farmers in previous years, it can be said that it has decreased from the previous yield. The reason is that the farmers of the country can no longer farm with their own strength and need modern technology.
They said they will continue their demonstration until the government can tell them where they should live.
However, this road has been used by the Border Security Force, BSF and this road has been taken over by the PWD department of the state government for construction but it has remained the same to this day.
In a statement issued by the government, it said that the employees should not stop working from tomorrow which is the first day of the closure of offices by the HSPDP. The office blockade was held recently at Student Square, Jaiaw.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Riwar Mihngi Football Association (RIFA) on Saturday (9th October) elected its full office bearers for the term 2024-2 Urksew Wahpathaw at 11 o'clock in the morning.
“I don't understand how the Tournament Committee of the MFA has put us in the same group,” said Bah Syiemlieh. issue any rule of law so that it doesn’t affect all clubs.
Later, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Kamal Nath handed over the decision of the Cabinet to the President.
When asked about the expenditure of the Government for the salary increase, Bah Paul said that the allocation for this purpose alone will amount to T.5.11 crore per annum.
He said that the money he had kept inside the duli along with the check books and two gold coins of his children which were kept inside the duli were missing.
In fact, the Government Officers at the rank of BDO have passed the rank of MCS and above.
Shillong: The name of the new district of Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, which will be opened tomorrow, 10th November 2021, has been heated on social media. Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of the State.
Although NCP leader Sharad Pawar was one of those who accompanied Meira Kumar of the Congress when she filed her nomination papers for the presidency, NCP Meghalaya President Sanbor said: Shullai said he has not yet received any information from Delhi whom he will support in the presidential election on the 17th of this month.
Later, the High Court said that steps should be taken to improve the road.
It is interesting, not only to know, but to see with our own eyes that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has led the 9th International Yoga Day in which 150 countries of the world have taken part. world.
According to him, the regional committees from Meghalaya and Assam may meet again in July
Nongpoh, November 18: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umder Circle on Saturday launched a branch office called Umder Circle. There are up to 12 Working Units within this Circle.
Saihon (Crotolaria juncea) is a plant that can grow well in areas with low water or rainfall.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commander Shangpliang, President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MeFilMA), said that after receiving information from fellow Khasi filmmakers, Hall in Shillong took the initiative to meet with the government authorities.
In connection with the awarding ceremony, the Chairman of UTD and the women of UTD, presented gifts to Kong Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong.
Lumparing SC beat Laitlyngkot SC 0-1 and I. Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Laitlyngkot SC in the 3rd minute.
Masks should also have three layers and be worn properly according to the instructions received from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
We too will encourage the farmers of the country who are opposed to this law.
The meeting was conducted by Tbn CM Syiem of Umlyngka Presbyterian Church.
That's why you have to take the examination.
Witting said that in 2018, the HSPDP will contest in all the constituencies of Lum Khasi Jaintia but will also focus on West Khasi Hills as a whole. ktem already.
After this, there was also a donation to Manipur and the congratulatory speech was delivered by Mr. Stalbinus Dkhar.
In a letter to the Minister, Marak said that the delay in the release of scholarships has affected thousands of students in the state.
“Through the ability of the youth to climb mountains, rivers and climb mountains, not only will they benefit in the days to come but it will also help them to develop a healthy body. healthy," said Mr. Carness.
“If the water level in the Umïam Dam drops even lower than in 2014, the chances of continuing to generate electricity are very low,” said the source.
Not only that, but he will heal us in all aspects of our humanity, because God knows us by name as He knew the Israelites.
It is true that we have witnessed various protests of the people and there have been many times the robbery of the mynder but we have not seen any change.
This relic has been heard of for many of the miracles it has done in the world especially in those places where it has been able to visit and it is also the same relic that has done many miracles in the world. Larisa Khongsit from Sohra, Shillong, has been appointed as the head of the Don Bosco Technical School Shillong from the 27th of this month. of June to the 5th of October.
Examine : The meaning of thohsanitho is to create something by cleaning it and cleaning it up exactly until it is complete.
When asked about the upcoming MDC elections in June 2019, Ardent said his supporters have gone to support the Congress candidate Lambor Nongrum.
The opening ceremony was enriched by traditional songs and dances by the LWO, LYSO and other youths of the village.
The battle will break out and Israel will defeat the nations and kingdoms that fight against it.
There is a strong debate that the Khasi have a democracy, a people's government, a democracy for the people.
Are you still sleeping? How surprised we are that we don't see this flood that is flowing slowly into our country! Do we think that we will suffer more and more that we will lose our land, our village? Isn't it time to stop and stop the illegal entry of foreigners into our villages? Isn't it time to say “Yes” to the allocation, to the NOC fee, to support the foreigners! Isn't it time to hold the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima to Isn't it time for each of us to be a weapon, a stieh to protect against the invasion of foreigners?
The NPP's explanation is merely a cover-up because if the government is not challenging the independence of the Lokayukta, then why dismiss these officers without proper reasons? We also find that the NPP Spokesperson has misled the people by saying that the appointment of them is only temporary to improve the work of the Lokayukta.
It has been decided that only one road will be erected on Chiliang Raij-Umshangiar, Chutwakhu Road, Jrisalei and Mission Compound (CHC Point)-Iongpiah Road near the Church of God. only for Pass vehicles.
Children must be well prepared before participating in this trial so that they can play well to join the Club.
In a statement, the office bearers of the Nongkhlaw Kur, Bah Iaineh Nongkhlaw and the Kur Kurkalang, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, said that at an emergency meeting on Monday, they demanded that the authority of the Hima Mylliem should be also to remove the pattas issued to the metor drivers in this area.
“The people of the state should not misunderstand that the KSU is silent on this issue but the KSU has already talked to the leaders and officials on this issue. to seek advice from those who have knowledge and a clear understanding of laws and policies," he said.
They were arrested by the police after a man named Bitnes Rymbai from Ksehrynshang village lodged a complaint with the police on the 12th of this month at 1:00 pm. In the morning, the robbers stole 10 cows from the cow farm in the village.
We sincerely hope that the Government will do its best to take measures to address the concerns of teachers," the statement said.
But if it has spread to the skin, it cannot be healed.
The 6.8-km two-lane bridge, including the access roads between Majuli (Kamalabari) and Jorhat (Nimati Ghat), was constructed at a cost of T.925.47 crore.
On this day, the Statue of Mary, which was carried in the first Procession of Mary, will also be unveiled.
Police have been immediately informed who have arrived at the NEHU grounds to take stock of the incident and to help maintain peace and order.
Kadem is a member of the Baichung and Heidoong police station.
JOWAI: U Dawyoo Lyngdoh has been elected as the new president of the KNGCSU after winning by 194 votes against Samson Rymbai in the election held on Tuesday.
In other zones, Wasa FC beat Warima Youth Club 3-1 in Group D match at Tura Zone and Riangdo YSCA beat Mawten SC 1-0 of Group C in Mawkyrwat Zone.
" Bah Deng said.
Fathers from Sacred Heart Theological College and Sunny Side also attended.
Another block, which he did not name, will include Nongthymmai, Pynthor-umkhrah and several villages in Mawryngkneng constituency in the Mawdiangdiang area.
He said that he has sent this suggestion to many churches and in a short period of time he has received a donation from the public and has the opportunity to donate to three churches. They visited Laitlarem, Nongspung on July 22, Jashiar, Mawkyrwat on July 23 and today, July 25, 2022 at Lyngkien Sunei. below Mawphlang, he said.
Three persons and the driver of the tourist taxi, which was heading from Guwahati to Shillong, were seated inside the vehicle. Snow.
In the case of ambulances, 108 ambulances will be used in case of emergency.
The announcement of the JHADC candidates will be made on Monday.
On the same day, Conrad also inspected the construction of guest houses in Daribok, and said that such buildings will boost tourism in Garo Hills.
The District Councils shall not be dissolved.
The same thing happened in the palace of Ahasuerus.
The KDA leader congratulated the MLA of Umroi Constituency, Bah George B.Lyngdoh who proposed in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly recently that the Government should pass a law. The Meghalaya Compulsory Protection of Children with Special Needs Bill, 2022, states that the Government will recognize all children with disabilities of not less than 40 percent and that the State Government should employ children from poor families.
As the saying goes, “Every wise man can speak, if he doesn't open the door, how can he escape?”
Ferdinand was wanted by the police on a complaint that he had assaulted the police at the Umiam Police Station on 15th March
“We are still waiting for the decision of the leaders in Delhi in this regard and we cannot just withdraw without getting their opinion,” he told reporters.
Another is Bah Damien Lyngdoh Marshiangbai, who contested the MDC election from the HSPDP in
“In the celebration of the 75th Independence Day, Meghalaya, together with other States, has celebrated with enthusiasm and the words jali jaum have come from the speeches of the rulers that India is a country of great, happy and progressive.
When he could no longer free himself from the sword, Heracles ordered that he be cut down to the ground so that he might burn himself alive.
The Executive Secretary of KJP Synod Sepngi, Rev KB Snaitang said, “As human beings we should not lose hope in our lives, because the lives of human beings are like pilgrims in the world, but we are waiting for the other Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ," adding, "The Lord is my shepherd.
According to the source, these people after eating the disease, they became ill, headache, weakness, ñiangdait in the body.
Many suggestions were received and the police also did their part to relieve the traffic jam in Shillong.
The High Court's order to implement the AFSPA in Garo Hills has shocked the Congress-led government after strong opposition from the people, organizations and various political parties. in this state.
Mebanialam L. Mawlieh of Nongstoin College won the Best Athlete award for men and Tiewlari Riangshiang of Nongstoin College for women.
Q. Is it enough to get leaders in the Assembly for our constituency? Ans.
Vicky alone scored 16 runs from 23 balls, Deibormi Rangad took four wickets from three overs, Maremdor Sutnga and Wijan Pohleng took two wickets each from three overs.
Therefore, the relatives and others who have any connection with these deceased are urged to immediately collect the bodies which are now inside the morgue of the hospital before handing over. The Shillong Municipal Board has not done anything necessary.
If the teaching system fails from an early age and the children do not have a proper understanding of the subjects, the existence of colleges or universities in the State will be in vain because they will be overcrowded by foreigners and These shall be the source of encouragement to the fellow citizens during the class.
The Manager-CSR, Star Cement Limited, Lumshnong, Kingshok K. Borah, said that Star Cement Limited, Lumshnong, will continue to provide for the needs of the patients. Tuberculosis.
These trees include 23 trees that can grow in the area according to the inspection by the Senior Engineer of the Central Pollution Control Board, Dr. Shantanu Kumar Gupta.
It is to be recalled that a few years ago, a special program was launched to clean up these two rivers, which was conducted by the District Administration in collaboration with the Village Authorities. be successful and beautiful.
Gaga also plays the songs 'Shallow' and 'You and I' on the piano.
The FAMASTA Central Body meeting held on Friday decided to give time until the end of November, 2022 for the Government to take a decision and if it fails to do so, The party will take another firm decision, the statement said.
This song is produced by Nangtei Production.
“According to the RTI, corruption in the Mining and Geology Department and Transports Department is throughout Meghalaya.
Sohmynting, July 17: The Village Natural Resource Management Committee (VNRMC) in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Sohmynting on the 11th of this month celebrated the World Environment Day
“During the elections in Pynursla constituency, it was not only the candidates who fought against Bah Prestone but there were many groups who fought against him but the people of Pynursla were not deceived.
P.Sana, the leader of the area was the chief guest in the presence of the Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing and thousands of people from all over Jaintia Hills witnessed the ceremony.
“The Chief Minister has forgotten to discuss the demand for ILP with the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi when he was invited as a guest on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State.
The flowers are white but covered with yellow.
He said that the KHADC has received 60% of the revenue collected by the State Government from vehicles.
Replying to a question by Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit in the House, Conrad said that in the past five years, the Government has allocated Rs 100 crore to the MCCL to pay salaries and wages. of Employees.
In Nongriat, the youths of the village who came with the firefighters and who searched around the place where Bah Jim was missing, but could not find him.
He said that the meeting was called because he doesn't feel able to listen and watch in the news about the unrest in the district and he wants to end these unrest. and there was a great cry on that day.
This is all due to the drastic changes in the atmosphere.
From the markets, the revenue is from the allocation of the two markets of the Council, Laitlyngkot and Byrnihat, while from trade, the revenue is from the licensing of foreigners. to work within the boundaries of the Council in accordance with the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation-1
This is a smaller insect than the mowa poka and can also be distinguished from the insect, because it spreads from one leaf to another if it is infected.
“The Sohpet and the Ksai of the human race come from the Longkpa” (Khasi Religion 1937 – H.Lyngdoh).
Vidarbha had to finish without losing a wicket until Manish Sharma took one wicket for 34 runs against Satyam Bhoyar for 51 runs.
“As leaders who look after the welfare of the people, we cannot just watch with our own eyes when the residents are facing problems, although we cannot help much, but as a partnership in “It's such a disaster, so we've decided to help with this food,” they said.
The semi final of the remaining four teams will be played today, 21st July,
“We have raised this issue with the central government because the North East is very dangerous from anti-nationals,” he said.
“These things that come out of the media have started to mislead the people.
“Ka seng has also reminded the CEM that there are former CEMs who have promised to build a monument to Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait but this has not happened yet.
“The NPP has not yet decided on this, we will see how it is but as I said that South Tura constituency is the constituency for now and for now I have no intention only for this. “I don't have the right to contest the election,” he said.
The Elaka requests all the farmers to cooperate to prevent the spread of covid19 in the area.
He said that the party will send a letter to the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) to demand action on the incident.
“If it becomes like Jhalupara, Them Metor and other places in this city, it will be a threat to us,” said the vice president of the party.
PCC President Mullappally Ramachandran, Opposition Leader Ramesh Chennithala and others were present at the confirmation ceremony. Congress leaders from the state.
He alleged that the ethnic parties in the North East have helped the BJP to enter and invade through the umbrella of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA).
However, Bah Rowel said he hoped that he would come back and see the situation of the party in the state.
When an illness occurs, they have to leave the patients and walk for 2 to 3 hours to reach the road.
We apologize to you Dr Sailo you have the right to get the best from our State but we have hurt you.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The National People's Party (NPP) has strongly condemned the shooting death of two persons by the army in North Garo Hills on Friday evening.
He said the DoNER department of the Government of India has approved an allocation of Rs 33 crore for the Upper Shillong Water Supply.
The police have registered 41 cases under the PPDPA and the MMPOA.
We also held a meeting of the NECC today.
In a statement, the Chief Secretary said that the salary suspension is due to the unexpected outbreak of COVID-19 and the curfew which has affected the income. in the country and in the state as a whole.
He said that in the past five years, the Government has tried to solve all the problems of the North East by digging up these problems from the ground up.
Because the foreign thought has dominated our own culture, the ability to understand our own culture has been destroyed here in the state.
SCA's Jennyfer Fancon scored her first hat-trick after beating Tura by 45 runs from a target of 175 runs.
Shillong, Nailur 14 : About 8,805 robbers have been arrested in connection with various crimes including violence and rape of women and children in the past three years.
Therefore, these claims are unfounded especially since Hindi is not the official language in Meghalaya, but the Governor has spoken Hindi without respecting the citizens of Rilum.
Khliehriat Police Station has recovered two coal trucks No.ML04A 5292 driven by Dei Sumer and AS01AC-6767 driven by Dei Sumer. Thank you DKhar.
New Delhi: The price of petrol and diesel rose by 7.79 per cent in India, the highest in June. and the price of food and beverages, according to a government statement today.
The case was investigated by Sub Inspector Belario R. Marak led by Addl Superintendent of Police, Shillong, Vivek Syiem, MPS. it is the mother of this child.
““I have promised that I cannot help and the party cannot just give confusion especially because it is a foreign society and that is why they don't want to support the party. the party they go to support can help,” said Bah Dominic.
They also said that if other states in the Northeast cannot implement the ILP, it will be different if it is implemented in Meghalaya.
Another thing that the union found is that the electricity bill for 10 months every month, many of them do not reach the households of those who use electricity, but they are placed in any shop. The residents prefer to gather every morning, where they leave and sometimes the residents don't get the electricity bill because these electricity bills are lost from these places.
Delilah and Samson took part and were the main characters in the drama of violence and power.
Earlier, the UDP had announced seven names including Martamlin Pyrbot from Jaiaw constituency, Hamletson Dohling from Mylliem, Gervasis Kharmujai from Mawlai, Anthony Nongbri from Malki-Laitumkhrah, Wanpli Kharmawphlang from Nongthymmai and Edarstar Nongbri. and Nongkrem constituency.
The WHO chief said the condition of hospitals in Gaza at this time is hopeless.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle has donated rice, pylleng and other food items to Dahunmon Lamin Gashnga, a refugee who was affected by a fire in her house on the night of 30-3 The incident occurred at 11:30 PM at Sohkha Mission Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, the President, Bah Birbor Riangtem, strongly criticized the government led by Conrad K. Sangma, for not yet issuing any invitation to hold talks on the issue of contractual teachers.
In the preparation for the elections in the three constituencies, no money was seized, but only 1,72,990 liters of kyiad was seized.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The death toll from the floods on 21st and 22nd November 2014 has risen to 41 with the recovery of three bodies from North Garo Hills.
The KSU demands ILP to prevent foreigners from entering the society. They also alleged that Khasi Garo women prefer foreigners because they are happy in terms of income and Even if the KSU takes any decision, the truth is that the Khasi people will not be able to bring about development in the State.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “I have spoken in a video conference today to all the DCs of various districts, SEs, EEs of various divisions and Commissioner Secretary of Revenue Department. The DCs should send the funds to the Revenue Department in charge of Disaster Management to allocate funds as soon as possible to repair the damaged areas. The damage to the roads and the collapse of the bridges will affect the traffic and transportation of the residents of various villages affected by the natural disasters”.
After investigation, the union has handed over to the Umsning Police Station to repatriate the foreigners to Assam.
“We want to discuss the issues of school teachers, the state of education in the state, we don't want to talk to fight,” said the chairman of JACATAM. “If the Human Resources Minister invites us to talk, what is the problem of the Education Minister of the state to call for talks?” asked the JACATAM office bearers and added that the Minister is a servant elected by the people. and he should listen to the plight of the people.
The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) on 27th June 2013 to support the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit who has held an indefinite strike to demand that the Government should review the reservation policy in the State.
The council should also look into all these and should write to all the central government offices to confirm this.
Nongstoiñ: The West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) today met with Ambrose Marak, Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) to clarify the absence of Sib Singh Memorial Govt.
“The landslide has severely affected the tourists between Mile 13 & 17 on the Gangtok-Natu La Road.
The members of the Society, who have reflected carefully on the writings of Bah Rimialson Daw, have found that he is not a person with a mental disability and if he is indeed a person with a disability, the members of the Society of St. Rimialson Daw. Vincent De Paul, Jowai Area Council, Diocese of Jowai, urged the law enforcement authorities to send him to the Mental Jail Hospital for treatment. to commit such insults and defamation against others.
The temperature varies according to the places, therefore the government's assistance should be considered according to the places.
Similarly, the residents have complained against the Minister of State for buying an expensive Lamborghini.
“This is a terrible attempt and this does not please the Dalits in Gujarat.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoiñ Circle will start a march tomorrow. , on foot from Nongstoiñ to Shillong as a sign of protest against the government's decision to bring about many development projects in the entire West Khasi Hills District.
Hamlet said that besides these supporters, several leaders from the Congress and HSPDP whose names he did not want to disclose have also come to join.
He said that some villages have already received stadiums and Mawleiñ is one of the villages which has received stadiums and some are still in the process of preparations to get stadiums.
These include Lotus Secondary School and Khliehriat HSS in Under-17 (girls), KB Memorial SS and Cheihruphi SS in Under-14, Rymbai Presbyterian SS and Wapung HSS in Under-17 (boys). male).
Shillong, July 08: The Union Minister of State for Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Parshottam Rupala today visited the South West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya. Bangladesh on 9-10 July, 2023 and this will be the first time that a Minister in the Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government will visit this border area.
For example, some of the questions they asked were, • Will we be able to meet the need for vaccines across the country? Even if we can provide these, does the country have so many vaccine stores? • It will take a long time to provide so many vaccines.
Two months later, the market became worse and worse and plastic was stronger than microns.
Regarding the revival of the committee, the CEM said that he will have to investigate the matter first and see what to do.
If it doesn't get into the head or mouth of anyone, he will die.
Carmel said the Bill was passed without proceeding properly to hold a public hearing.
The Joint Philanthropic Organizations (JPO) has held a funeral for the deceased with the wishes of their families.
Pyrtuh said the Tirotsing Sports Stadium in Lachumiere, which is run by the joint committee of the Meghalaya State Badminton Association and the Table Tennis State Association, has no knowledge of this secret plan of the government.
If you don't have any questions, please contact the Government about the Reservation Policy.
The remaining 0.05 km including the Brahmaputra Realtor Pvt Ltd Complex will be with Meghalaya.
Shillong: Meghalaya has won 22 medals in the Muay Thai Championships held in Sikkim from 21st to 23rd July. gold, 5 silver and bronze medals.
The union said that the Government of Meghalaya has enacted the PMKKKY Scheme and these rules have come into force since the 8th of this month. November, 2017.
The question arises again, where are the Kur of these ancestors?
Admitting that everything was unfounded and there was no evidence to support the conviction of the accused, Additional Sessions Judge CM Pawar allowed the request of Mevani, the leader of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) candidate Reshma Patel, and others against the order in June 2022 issued by the Judicial Magistrate Court charging them with wrongdoing. Section 143 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Former Amlarem MLA RL Tariang (BJP) and War Central MDC Hollando Lamin (INC) have filed their nomination papers at the SDO. Rilangki Jungai has filed his nomination papers as the APP candidate for the Jowai constituency.
Now it is in our hands and it is up to us to decide how to get MLAs who are worthy according to the time and era, not the unnecessary rich and those who do business to earn the sacred office of MLA to serve. to the people and to make laws for the welfare of the State.
Since ancient times man has known that “Wisdom is Power”.
I'm surprised, the phone has been forgotten in the journey.
It is not yet known where Deif is, whether he is alive or dead, Hamas said.
We have been working hard and complying with the CAA Act of the Government of India, then the Covid-19 Act which is currently in progress and in a few months the UCC. The rapid changes in the situation in India and how much more India will continue to change and how it will affect them in the future cannot be explained.
“This shows a clear attempt to mislead the people and to undermine the intention to move forward to clarify the true VAB,” said the former CEM of KHADC. Article 19 is not a fundamental right.
To date, more than 600 million programs have been conducted as part of the Jan Andolan during April and November each year.
The curfew will start from 4 pm on 11th October 2020 until further notice.
The Minister said that the previous government had made a big mistake by giving only 23 lists of villages out of the 29 villages in dispute.
Especially the wife of Bah Let and his youngest sister, they cried Rangbah because of all that happened to their family.
“Those who don't know that they have left the party are those who have just joined the party a few months before the elections and we are not surprised that they have left the party because they have joined the party for personal gain. “If they don't get the benefits, they will go out and look for a new party to join but the UDP still exists,” said Bah Aihok Khongmalai.
Tuliram Ronghang, Chief Executive Member of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) and his followers on their arrival in Mukroh, came on horseback on Khla and to intimidate the Khasi-Pnars and the villagers. The residents of Mukroh said how brave they are and to intimidate the residents of Mukroh to bow down before them, but they don't think that this Khla they live in cannot be caught and turned away. shaba that month.
It cannot be said that if this industry is really developed, it will be of great benefit to the state as the revenue collection will be in the billions and tens of crores per annum from this industry alone.
They don't have the right words like true leaders but they speak empty words and nonsense.
He said that now there are new places, which although they are not under the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction, it has been seen that there are jurisdictions.
Although the IMD doubts that we will continue to experience floods, we should not be surprised if we experience once again and eventually floods and their damage.
On many of the problems related to health in this world, he said that there is a need for many ways to fight.
The Government of India today announced that tomorrow will be a day of nationwide condolences on the passing away of the President of Iran and others.
According to Purno, the reason why the state is facing financial crisis is due to the ban on coal mining, unemployment and corruption.
The first part to be released in July will be beautiful and different from the other parts and since 2008 no other parts have been released until now.
The BIS Act 2016 came into force on 12th March 2017, following which the Governing Council was re-appointed and its fourth meeting was held on 24th July 2022 at BIS HQ. New Delhi.
Shemphang Lyngdoh has been confirmed as the President of the NPP Mawhati by Bah Clement Mawlong, President of Ri Bhoi District. state.
The incident took place in Mooralong area of ​​Jowai town.
On the 13th, the members and leaders of the JSU of various units have decided to form JSU-1 and now at the CEC held at Thadlaskein, the JSU-1 has decided to appoint Eleazer Christopher Dkhar, President of JSU Shillong Circle, has been appointed as its chief leader.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued an order on 21st June
The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), I/C Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has informed the public that the State Commission and the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission are fully operational.
Ribhoi has 11 cases, of which 7 cases are from outside the state and West Jaintia Hills has
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi now owns the latest Mercedes-Maybach, which is better than the Range Rover, Vogue and Toyota Land. Cruiser, which you don't use these days.
They were awarded a certificate and a cash prize of T.7000 each.
The players who came from all districts of the state had to stay in dirty rooms at the JN Stadium, lack of outdoor facilities such as toilets, food and drink and others.
In the Under-14 Boys, Adrick Pathaw won one gold and one silver medal in the 60m Longjump.
They strongly condemned the arrest of the two members of the party, Shanborlang Shati and Mesadapbor Skhembill and demanded their immediate release.
In the final match, North Liberty HS School beat Nartiang Presbyterian HS School 4-0
THANK YOUI want to know why you don't know.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong Teilinia said she is ready to challenge the attempt to remove her and wants to know on what grounds they want to remove her as chairperson.
Therefore, if each school has only about 1000 students, from KG to higher classes, tens of thousands of students pass through this road every day.
After the cleanliness drive, there was also a feeding of the fish in the Wah Myndu (Syntu Ksiar) where the Waheh Shnong, Requama Rq.laloo, congratulated the children of the village who came to participate in this day. for the land is not yet within the boundaries of the city.
The children who were honored include Dimpi Medhi and W Gunita Devi.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 60 lakh today with 82,170 new cases in the past 24 hours and 1,039 deaths.
She said the purpose is to explain to the residents on the importance of preserving the richness of the environment.
When asked, the former Mawsynram MLA said that the Government in its capacity and the Cabinet will take a decision on this issue.
What is more sad is that these contractors are no longer willing to open their mobile phones and have to break the SIM card they used to use but to install other SIM cards that they know. The number is only available to call if you need it urgently.
If we don't fix this, we will be a nation that will live in poverty forever.
It is learned that even the people coming to Meghalaya have been affected by the traffic jam including those who intend to go to the airport in Guwahati, as this place where Assam holds a large gathering. The visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi is located near the road at Khanapara, which is on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
In the Under-17 women's category, Sibsingh Memorial Govt.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has already directed the organizers to ensure that there will be no slogans against any ethnic group by any participants.
However, at about 5:30 pm, it was reported that the two HSPDP MLAs and private MLAs left the meeting to sign a letter of full support. The President of the KHNAM State Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah today demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma and the NPP should form a government with the NPP. The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has said that they should resign immediately from their posts as they cannot lead the state.
When you have finished, you will see that there is no one else who is responsible for everything. Remember that when you help the synod, it doesn't mean that you are doing any favour.
Teinwell said there was no discussion between him and Shylla on the matter and it was the first time he had heard of it.
Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla, Vice-Chancellor of NEHU said, “The future of the country lies in the hands of the youth of the country and it is the youth of the country who can bring them change from a poor country to a prosperous country.
In the women's category, the winner went to Glorify Kurbah from Shillong who finished in 5:04:1s, while the silver and bronze medals went to Daphlin Wahlang and Balasiewdor Pathaw (SWKHD) finished in 5:13:5s and 5:20:3s respectively.
Besides, they also distributed water tanks, pumps for spraying medicines and other equipment to the people who came to take part in the training.
The country is divided into 24 categories and after two rounds of prelims, the 12 winners from each category will be invited for the Wild Card Final. 6 winners will compete in the final.
Bah Makdoh said the peace that has come to the area from the insurgents is that the residents are now well educated in their thinking.
The union said that if this continues, it will lead to the loss of livelihood for the people who use jio sim cards.
We have discussed orally and soon they will send us a letter so that they can start the work.
Shillong: There have been 32 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
The BJP and its parent party, the RSS, had earlier strongly opposed the UCC, but later, when they realized that through the UCC they could introduce Hindu customs and traditions throughout India, they supported and fought hard to bring the UCC to India.
He added that as usual, the Budget Session of the new Assembly is a Vote on Account and after that the Government will come back with the full budget.
Police have deployed strong security forces around the Polo Ground.
The examination fee for repeaters has also been increased to 800 tyngka and 200 tyngka per paper.
In this state, these films will also be screened in Jowai.
Under this Act, the Dolloi/Sirdar have no role and the Village Authorities are fully empowered.
The suspect is a native of Manai and lives in Mawmaram.
This was revealed after the Chief of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) on Saturday visited the Kurelia Bridge constructed by the Meghalaya government at Wah Myntang.
So where would that anti-government sentiment be? Besides this, the government has created many opportunities for the youth to stand on their own feet.
No one wants to end up like this.
On the 28th of June, these fugitives were arrested by the Delhi Police.
Other speakers at the meeting included Block Development Officer, Mawthadraishan Block, Bah LMyrthong, S&HH KVK WKHD, Lakyntiew Warjri, DDM of NABARD, P. Nongkynrih and Dr.EK Marbaniang. SMS Extension KVK Nongshilong.
This custom of bat na kjat is different from the Dkhars, because in the Khasi custom those who are more intelligent cover their heads and do not turn away even if they stand up.
Shillong, June 25: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd (MeECl) has caused problems to many villages in East Khasi Hills District. Hills.
The number of cases on Tuesday was 11,458 and the death toll was
The newly reunited PDF and Congress leaders were welcomed by Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat, who is also the President of the NPP Nongstoin Block. chess of the party.
Bangladesh and Nepal are the two foreign teams to participate in the 180-match tournament.
Timung said that the village from time to time since 2011 has been approaching the PWD department to build or repair this road but until now no signs have been received. the PWD department is taking action to improve.
In South Garo Hills, there are 2 cases and one high risk contact, in East Garo Hills, 2 cases, 16 cases and 14 cases in Ri Bhoi. In West Garo Hills, 2 cases have been reported from abroad and one case is high risk contact.
Jeremiah 16:4.
The death toll has risen to 888 on Saturday and is nearly double the death toll from yesterday, when only 449 people died.
It is often found that many parents wish and have some guidelines that can advise them on what is right and wrong to do for their children, and wish they had a writing.
The achievements in the past 50 years since its inception in 1972 have been great in the fields of infrastructure development, education, health and agriculture.
The Secretary of HFU Thadlaskein Block, Bah Chanbor Rymbai, urged the farmers to plant trees and take good care of them, especially our farmland is mostly in the sharing hills and this will help. to maintain the fertility of the soil.
These are emphasized in the FMM ODCS, and this reflects India's commitment to encourage a more representative approach within the UN. international developments show the need for the UN Security Council to adapt to current needs.
They also said that they invite experts in the village to teach and show them how to act and live in their homes, in the community and in the village.
There were many reasons why Rock on 2 was selected to be staged in Shillong and around the state and some of the reasons for the selection were because the state It has beautiful mountains , valleys and rivers and it is also known as the center of music and dance where the people of this state they are very interested in music.
Therefore, THE COUN-CIL ELECTED THE CEM ON 22.10.2019 in accordance with the requirements of Rule 22 (2) which stipulates that the election of the new CEM must be completed within 48 days. Otherwise, the new CEM shall be appointed by the Governor in accordance with Rule 22 (3).
These colleges will no longer need to sit for the examination,” he said.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the blast occurred from spray bottles which were quick to catch fire. smoking cigarettes inside this confined space.
Shillong: There have been 497 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today.
The police have conducted this raid without lodging any complaint but they are fulfilling their duty to prevent crime.
However, it seems that the Government of India has taken these talks in the form of a surrender,” said the HNLC. “It is important to know that many of the armed groups in the North East have already surrendered and their organizations, were banned.
Premier Sing Khongbeh Chairman of the Shad Suk Mynsiem Umniuh Elaka-Tmar Sirdarship invites all the relatives near and far as well as friends to come and enjoy this event. day.
Speaking to reporters, Venetta Kharsyntiew, said, “The incident occurred on July 20, 2019 on the grounds that Theodore Moallem, also known as Dr. Ted. He entered the house without informing the owners and opened the water tank without the knowledge of the owners to supply water to the inner floor occupied by three members of the Blind Lead Trust. it was Ted who threw the tea at my daughter.
The new cases include EGH: 14, EJH: 12, EKH: 192, NGH: 15, RBD: 62, SGH: 22, SWGH: 11, SWKH: 24, WGH: 140, WJH: and WKH: 44.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today decided to streamline the deposit and withdrawal of funds of the Council. The Plantation Chowkidar of the Forest Department has misused funds amounting to Rs 38.30 lakh.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Advisor to the Chief Minister Thomas A Sangma, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Swapnil Tembe, Superintendent of Police VS Rathore, CEO of Tura Municipal Board, officers. of various departments, community leaders and dignitaries.
The villagers have been left on the road for about 15 years, and this has caused the villagers to suffer especially during the rainy season. set inside the houses because of the excessive evil and the purpose of Ms Bindas is for the rights of many churches.
The program was attended by doctors from the BSF as well as public health doctors who treated and distributed medicines to the residents from low income families. The books came from several neighboring villages such as Borsora, Laijuri and Pyrtakuna.
Abhijit Kumar, General Secretary, IASLIC delivered the keynote address on the seminar and Prof. Sanjay K Singh, Vice President, IASLIC Zone
“The Government expresses its hope that this disease will end in the State, with the expectation that not a single resident will be infected with Covid-1
Before reaching the topic, the former Mylliem MLA said that the youth through the Mylliem Assembly Youth Congress will be a platform for the youth to discuss and understand the political system.
Speaking to the public, Prestone said that they should not worry or be discouraged because the order issued by the Pollution Control Board has been suspended only temporarily and not permanently.
“His (Tynsong) speech has made it clear that the T.12.5 Klut received by the MLAs is only a donation by politicians for political purposes which is against the rules of the Election Commission. of India,” said KHNAM Vice President Thomas Passah in a statement.
Shillong: Police have collected T.13,31,730 tyngka in fines from illegal vehicles in the month of June this year.
Dr. Sayoo who explained in detail the disease and the various symptoms.
Mawsynram area is rich in tourism, but if the road is as it is now it will be a shame to the area.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has decided to hold a strong protest in 2021 to force the Indian government. and the Government of Meghalaya to implement the Inner Line Permit.
Then Jesus answered them, “My teaching is not mine, but his who sent me” (John 7:15-16).
In the past, the disease occurred only in one right or a few places but now it affects all the rights of the world, even in India, almost every state is affected by this disease.
Three children who were inside the shetja room to eat with their father were injured in the incident.
Therefore, we must not be afraid, but be patient.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government has directed the Deputy Commissioners of the districts to provide urgent assistance to the households such as household items such as household items and food items. they shall be saved from the sword.
However, if you ask them about the famous hills, rivers and rocks of Ri Lyngngam, they don't know.
The decision was taken on the hearing of Mukul Sangma, which violated the Sixth Scheduled.
The girl is a child from Tiehsaw village.
“We want the Government to implement it as usual until it can implement it in the state as a whole,” said the Chief Adviser of the UDP. MWYO) in collaboration with the National People's Youth Front (NPLF) has prepared to distribute special prizes to all the students who have passed well in the SSLC, HSSLC, ICSE and CBSE examinations from Mylliem Constituency.
Banks are also open except in Mawlai area.
Shillong, June 10 : The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has announced that the Meghalaya State League (MSL) will resume from 05th June this year. MSL Tournament Director Bah Wanshan Kharkrang said that the winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of up to 5 lakh tyngka. He won a cash prize of 3 lakh tyngka.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah has responded to the debate on the Bill by requesting the Legislative Assembly to pass the Bill to send a strong message to the people. The world where the insurgents are fighting against India and therefore the government is trying hard to end the insurgency on its territory.
The worst earthquake has damaged houses at Riatdiengling near Government Boys.
“It is a secret but it is clear that the Congress relies on the votes of people who come here and there without knowing whether they are really residents,” he said.
These candidates include KP Pangniang from Rambrai Constituency, Evalyne Kharbani from Mawhati Constituency, Primson Makdoh from Umsning Constituency, Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan Constituency, Mengthoin Kynsai from Nongstoi Constituency. Dkhar from Mawshynrut constituency and Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat constituency.
These efforts will continue to be conducted from time to time in different parts of the country to monitor the performance and efficiency of emergency communication services through these systems provided by various mobile operators as well. in Cell Broadcast Systems.
Residents of the Assam-Meghalaya border area in West Jaintia Hills District on Monday gathered to elect their leader to the Legislative Assembly.
“In the name of the ethnic parties, they have gone to support foreign parties,” said Bah Ardent.
The Seng urges and requests the Rangbah Shnongs to be vigilant and firm in protecting the land of the country and the nation.
Regarding the seizure of the note, the police are conducting a thorough investigation to track down others involved in the illegal activity.
It is also recommended that even if you are in the same household, you should use your own masks and not use the same mask together.
“The government has already passed the State Sports Policy to provide assistance to the youth especially the athletes,” said Wailad. building buildings such as toilets and others.
The middle part was called Pnar, the eastern part of East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) was called War, which we now know as War Jaintia and the eastern part was called Bhoi (now Karbi Anglong). .
“The Planning Board is not a constitutional body but an advisory body to the government,” Salseng said. The meeting of this Board was held.
“We as members of the Village Court are in the dark about this lyndet of the Dolloi on the order of the RO of JHADC.
Dr. Ricky, who encouraged Prah's hunger strike in May 2023, has surprised the people of Meghalaya, as a person who has never been known publicly in politics. , but he received more than 5 lakh 71 thousand votes in the first election.
Since the government has the power to do whatever it wants, I also demand that the government should return the rightful money that I have paid to the government as VAT (Tax).
Therefore, this year is one of the most special years that the Church should remember in the future generations, because the first fruit of the Christian faith appears in this year.
Fatherhood is more of a responsibility than any other responsibility in his life.
At present, vehicles and people are passing by, the road leading to Police Bazar market has also been closed for traffic, due to the traffic jam of people, vehicles and the presence of people who “Shopping along the road will cause injury, who will take responsibility if there are tragic incidents,” said Bah Nongrum.
The Khasi gave way peacefully to the Garo and showed them a place to the west to settle there.
Prestone said that through the FOCUSS scheme, out of 3000 registered voters from Mawkynrew constituency alone, less than 2000 have already received the money in their accounts with the help of Kanang.
At the same time, a meeting held on 1.11.2022 at Mawsiat Khnam for Nongkohlew, Mawsiat Khnam, Umphrew, Umrynjah, Umjathang constituency confirmed the office bearers of the TMC Unit in the presence of the President and secretary.
The union said that this job is no longer a voluntary job because we have to clean up to 8 hours a day and that is every day, at a salary of only 320 people. 100 rupees per day or One thousand rupees per month in two payments per year for five months.
Janicka R Marak scored 46 runs off 78 balls.
“It’s nothing.
“I would like to remind you that the office of Khadar is a sacred and divine office and a heavy responsibility is on your shoulders because you must choose not only the person who will but you shall choose a man who will shape not only the present but especially the future of our children.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Chief Secretary Preston Tynsong, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, Ministers, MLAs and MDCs were also present at the ceremony. government officers and family members along with the residents of Sohra.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident and the driver of the Bolero was also injured.
Shillong, June 16 : U BJP Leader and Minister in the MDA Government, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has urged the people of Meghalaya to vote for the BJP in the MLA election 2023 by following the rules. the example of the people of Nagaland to bring about change in Meghalaya.
Since I was in Class A Rit in the village, I was taught to sing every day.
Shillong: Three teachers' associations, the NEHUTA, the Meghalaya Confederation for Academic Welfare (MeCAW) and the Meghalaya Tribal Teachers' Association (MeTTA); The Acting Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. SK Srivastava, has proposed to amend Statute Sub-Clause 1A(2) of Statute-2 that he wants to appoint himself as the VC of this university.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rilang said that in the past, the elders considered hunting as a spectacle and killed animals by hunting. and he counted the time.
The Khasi Khadar system is known as one of the best systems of public administration because in the Dorbar Hima, Dorbar Raid, Dorbar Shnong there is no discrimination between the rich and the poor but all are equal.
I believe that the biggest reason why our nation is like this is because of the longing longsem.
The men's athletes selected to represent the state at the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 to be held in the state from 10th November include Daniel Babitlang Rani (EKHD) , Rijanmi Synnah (WJHD), Rapborlang Kharpuri (EKHD), Josaia Sungoh (EKHD), Rodrick Lyngdoh (EKHD), Venpuia (EKHD), Amos Rapbor Myrboh (EKHD), Cuwe Mero (EKHD), Andy Lianlal (EjopHD), Mebanlal (EjopHD), Shadap (EKHD), Friendly John Lyngdoh (Ri Bhoi) and Brelian M.Marak (WGHD).
On the other hand, the HNYF NR, through its President, Bah Banpynskhem Kharnaior, said in front of the district journalists, that the HNYF strongly condemns this act of violence by the HNYF NR. dared to take the law into their own hands and attack other people’s territory, which was against the law.
People here live by agriculture.
“We have 25 MPs in the entire eastern region and if we unite, if we get 15-20 MPs, we will be the biggest power in Delhi, they (BJP or Congress) can do whatever they want,” he said.
Also present on the occasion were the leading office bearers of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association (SSSM) and youth.
According to information, many of the residents of Block Pynursla who have already received their Aadhar numbers have been informed by the BDO in these days.
Marweiñ said the union has also handed over a letter to the officer to remind him that there are four sub health centers in the area.
However, despite this crisis, the FSS continues to carry out its activities by providing the opportunity for the women of the State to showcase their talents.
In the context of the Khasi language, the rank Dr may remain the same, but Rev may be changed according to social circumstances.
They demanded and urged the government to release the playgrounds in order to restore their income and to meet their needs in their homes.
When the villagers returned to the village, the children began to breathe.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Shillong Sports Association (AIFF) on Saturday concluded the AIFF Referees Development Course (AIFF Referees Development Course). 10th, January.
At the same time, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has directed the district authorities to lodge a complaint so that the investigation can find out who is wrong in connection with the landslide.
Hundreds of people of Langpih have fled and settled in Nonglang village because in 1979 the police out-post in Langpih was captured by the Assam police.
He said that as one of those who brought the motion, he will send a letter to the Commissioner Secretary to approve the motion for discussion in the next dorbar.
That is completely unacceptable.
Hamlet said this while replying to a question by North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum in the House.
These fruits are exported to Mizoram, Manipur and Assam.
They will disseminate information to the public by reaching the remotest parts of the state.
The HYC stands firmly on the foundation of the jaitbynriew to follow this law until victory.
On the occasion of the celebration of Teachers' Day, when asked by the press, the Education Minister said that he is aware of the problems of teachers but they should be patient. how many years have passed?).
Therefore, as one of those who like to write newspapers, I would like to bring to you readers about the painful and sad Christmas according to my findings.
This will lead to an increase in the income of about 2 lakh fish farmers and a good yield of fish.
Adelbert also demanded that an investigation should be conducted into the company's ability to implement the construction of the Legislative Assembly.
He said that the SDO has told them that the electricity supply to Nongpoh has to pass through many places including Umïam, Umsning, Zero Point, Jyntru and will reach again. in Nongpoh.
“Our nation has been going like this since ancient times until now,” said the Pastor.
Manbha Pakem Director of JHDS in the presence of Father.
The implementation of odd-even number of taxis only in Khyndai Lad and Motphran which has been arranged by the district authorities has in fact increased the profitability of taxis in these public places.
The committee also found that the building constructed to house this machine has been turned into an office by the DM&HO and this shows the lack of responsibility of the department to do its duty. crores of public money.
Conrad K Sangma in the State Legislative Assembly as part of the demand for the Central Government to release the state from CAA 2019, said that the State Legislative Assembly will strongly demand that the Government of India should release all percent of Meghalaya has been implemented by the CAA
Gujarat continues to be the fastest growing state in the nine years from 2012 to 2021 with a Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) of 8.2 per cent and The state's revenue has increased from T.6.16 lakh crore in 2012 to T.12.48 lakh crore in
The accident occurred between a Maruti Swift Dzire coming from Jowai and a Mahindra Scorpio coming from Shillong.
“One of the reasons this locksmith industry is disappearing is because they can’t compete with locksmith companies, key and because here it’s man-made, it’s expensive and harder to go compete in the market," he said.
JOWAI: Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla on Tuesday said that he will donate a lot of money to the MDC of the area to complete the construction of the Khliehiongriang Dorbar Hall.
Anthony Kharbuli , in an interview with Rupang , said that during the time of Bull , there were many Dkhar shops , but there were Khasi women who had turned forward to not own the Dkhar shop, but at that time they were explained and they left the shop.
The question now is, who is responsible for the theft of hundreds of metric tons of coal? Why doesn't the Police Department see this? Are the Government departments blind or do they just sleep and eat their salaries without working? These incidents in the past five years have affected the reputation of the Police Department in the country. They have to obey the authorities and it will be a shame to the state as a whole if the State Government accepts the CISF to monitor the illegal coal trade in the state.
Why does the Church hide itself ? Why don't Church Leaders dare to stand up against immorality, corruption and others in politics and in the ruling government? Is it because they are unclean in life, in money, in church, in society or in politics? It is unfortunate and unfortunate that Christian, Hindu, Muslim and other religious leaders hobnobbed with politicians and candidates during elections, especially to ask for assistance. Procession, Synod, Presbytery, District, Assembly, Jubilee or other: assistance in building churches, church buildings, schools or special assistance.
In his speech, the President stressed that the BJP believes that in democracy the citizens should come forward to express their feelings and especially their aspirations and the BJP as a political party accepts. and it is only the BJP in the country that walks hand in hand with the people in formulating its policies.
Therefore, Bangladesh is one of the countries that supplies unskilled workers at a low price. Between 1976 and 2002, more than 30 lakh Khar Bangladesh left the country. to seek work abroad (not persecuted for religious reasons), and many of them arrived in India and this migration continues to this day without any interference.
He said the NPP is not only attracting AITC MLAs but is also trying to attract MLAs from other political parties in the state.
“How many people have been cheated on facebook especially girls and even men,” said the father and shareholder.
The IXth Inter School Knock Out Football Tournament will be held on the 15th of this month at Madan Heh Mini Stadium Mawlai Phudmuri at 3 pm.
If something happens here, the residents from neighboring states are affected because they are here to work or complete their studies.
The NGOCC, MHKC and Mizoram People's Forum (MPF), which is a branch of the church, have already submitted several letters to the ECI to postpone the polling day to 4 or 5 November. .
“As the Vice President of HITO used to say, if the VPP comes, even if it is new, the HITO will stand and the VPP will stand. It will be an operation if anyone comes to rule in our state”.
And it is important to drink three hours before bedtime.
The main objectives of Ayurveda Parv are to improve the methods of Ayurveda.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, has convened a meeting of the High Powered Committee (HPC) on the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang. which was suspended after the collapse of the dome last year.
The KSU said that many foreigners have fled to the forest after receiving information about the seizure of their documents in the area.
Sports include volleyball, basketball, tennis and others.
You can play chess according to the cycle of the 100 Point Roster.
About 50 students of the college, Mawlai Nongkwar, who are members of the NSS, both men and women, came out to take part in the campaign by cleaning the road. in this tourist attraction.
Those in attendance should include legal experts, dignitaries and the media.
According to social media reports and which cannot be confirmed yet, this incident happened in Ri Bhoi where it is alleged that there were six foreigners who broke into the house in the evening. It is also alleged that these foreigners also intend to rob Dohnud and Khyllai people if they get a chance to steal in the evening.
However, he said that the Principal has not given any promise on these demands and informed that he will take up the issue of the students with the Salesian authorities.
Earlier, SDO Sadar, East Jaintia Hills District, AK Singh, IAS, demonstrated on the implementation of the app through video conferencing. Teacher Attendance Monitoring app' developed by UBI tech solution will monitor the performance of teachers of various government schools in the district.
On the other hand, the people honored the new Rangbah Shnong and marched around the village with music.
The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has continued to boycott the first semester classes in protest against the urgency of NEHU to implement the NEP-2
Nongpoh: The President of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the fact that there are many schools in Ri Bhoi District. Regarding the lack of teachers, the KSU Ri Bhoi Chief said that the KSU demands that the government should immediately appoint those teachers who should teach in those schools. who has no Teacher.
“From these words of the above heroes we understand that each and every one of us (the Khasi children) should have a responsibility for our country and nation.
Besides, the BJP MDCs also decided to seek clarification on the delay in the construction of the new Iawmusiang, Jaintia Dorbar Hall and the loss of salaries of the council employees.
At 8:00 pm, while they were cleaning the house, these four children found a synduh which was covered in a crem near the river.
In this tournament, despite the heavy rain and lightning, the match between Nongbri Brothers' (Nongjri) FT and Se-la-jong FT was a success. beat.
Furthermore, they said that these ethnic groups are the same ethnic groups who have lived together as brothers and sisters even in other parts of Meghalaya.
The MPYC has also strongly condemned the incident.
After her last swearing-in ceremony, she came to work at Little Flower Malki Shillong in 1997 and Jaintia Hills in 2011 and remains at St. Theresa Convent Mooralong Jowai. The Silver Jubilee of the 25th Anniversary of the Convent will be celebrated on the 28th of this month at Mooralong Convent, Jowai.
He said that the program will start at 11:00 am and there will be many different programmes.
The search for highrisk contacts of the person will continue, he added.
The lowest Minister in terms of income is P.Paiwang Konyak from Tizit (ST) with income of only T.67.84 lakh.
If we take the meaning of the words, eternal life means a life that does not experience death.
There is no mention of the lack of use of ‘ï’ and ‘ñ’ in various Khasi words.
One of them was the incident of three shops in Siejlieh, including the shop of Bah Jim Reaves Ïawphñiaw, in one of the villages known as Mawïaban, which was destroyed by the shop. were on the highway and the thieves had taken a lot of weapons.
Meghalaya has the best location for the market of Southeast Asian countries.
In the fiscal year 2021-2022, 117 km of new roads have been constructed, 110 km have been upgraded to permanent roads and 497 km of wooden bridges have been upgraded to mud bridges.
The party, which is the oldest in the country, has only five MLAs in Meghalaya.
To pass laws on salaries, allowances, and other matters for the benefit of our leaders, it takes only one session of the Assembly while to pass laws that will The government has not been able to protect the indigenous people of the state for 47 years.
Mondal also acknowledged that the State is facing problems in terms of electricity as the State still relies on hydro projects to generate electricity.
On the second day (18th) of Behdieñkhlam, the youths of Seiñraij Mukhla left their homes early in the morning to cut down two trees from the forest and bring them to the ryngkaw square to erect them.
The meeting was conducted by the president of KAS, DR DRL Nonglait, where the longsan also distributed awards to the students who have achieved in various fields of study.
At the rally, Rahul Gandhi said that Modi has been calling for Make In India, but he has not set up a single factory in Agra, UP. Rahul Gandhi said, “Modi doesn't understand the role of religion either, because there is no religion. a holy book, which teaches about the shedding of blood, for the sake of religion.
From the villages to the fields, we have not set a boundary but we have given light until it has become very lyngkar and the color and glory of our state has been completely destroyed especially the city. Shillong is also known as Scotland of the East.
The JYF also expressed its surprise at the release of Ma Don Rymbai shortly after his arrest, and the President of the JYF said that this release of Ma Rymbai is groundless.
The High Court on Tuesday issued this order on the day of the hearing of the case of the Sordar Shnat Raid Tynring , Khyrim Syiemship The District Council shall be elected in 2017 without complying with the Constitution.
People are selfish and especially those in power or position (not all), they don't even want to destroy or take the soul of a person just to feed their body.
He said that if the shops are closed from 10 pm in Khyndai Lad, Shillong will become like a village.
The residents of many villages said that the lack of adequate drinking water from the implementation of this scheme is due to the fact that there are water wells which cannot be filled during the rainy season due to floods. too small.
In the Champions League, we won two games, after which we reached the final of the Durand Cup, by winning the ISL Shield to qualify for the AFC Champions League once again. " he added.
He said that this lack of staff makes it difficult to provide adequate services and also violates UN standards and working hours.
The Central Bureau of Communication under the Department of Information and Broadcasting is preparing to conduct information programs in different parts of the country to promote this programme.
We will choose the right company and the best one," she said.
The community has to come forward and raise awareness to start blood donation.
It entered the right side of Ïapmala village from the Khahare River to Suchen Rim village which is the oldest village in East Jaintia and many of the signs of the past still remain.
Shillong, July 28: Ninety-five percent of the voters of Chokpot constituency in South Garo Hills district turned out for the mid-term elections held on Saturday.
ALBINUS SYMPLI (INC) – 13624.
Nongpoh: On the day of the joining of Dr. DD Lapang to the National People's Party (NPP), many elders from different parts of Ri Bhoi District have joined the National People's Party (NPP). Lapang was welcomed by Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of the State Government and President of the NPP in India. Dr.WR Kharlukhi, President of the NPP in the state and other NPP leaders welcomed the elders, who are also experienced in the political field of Ri Bhoi. Former CEM of KHADC, Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh, Bah Minsing Makri, Bah RB Shadap, Bah Watson Kharkrang and Bah Minsing. Makri and others, it was also seen that on this day, about 3,000 people came to witness the joining ceremony of Bah Lapang. NPP.Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, Sniawbhalang Dhar, HS Shylla, Sosthenes Sohtun, Dasakhiatbha Lamare were present at the welcoming ceremony. Dr. WR Kharlukhi and other NPP leaders in the state.
“If you don't change again, it will happen,” said the mother. “Don't say that anymore, Mother, because you have to accept that I have changed as I promised.” remember before.
We urge all parents who intend to send their children to this school or to other schools, to give their full support to AMSPA for the opportunity to learn. to bring about a complete change in the field of education in the State and also not to allow any attempt to take advantage of anyone especially in the field of education so that whether they are poor or rich as well to provide adequate education within the State.
Although the Lat did not read it as it was written, it was assumed that he did not read it according to the rules of procedure.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. P. Lyngdoh and welcome speech was delivered by Bah Synshar Lyngkoi.
Manesar: Maruti Suzuki India Ltd has announced that it will lay off some of its temporary employees due to the decline in sales of cars in recent days. , in employment in the country as a whole, according to the report.
In the second innings, Shillong Bar Association beat Shillong Bar Association by five wickets.
At 8:30 pm, a Local Taxi (Alto 800) bearing the number ML 06 8019, collided with an LP truck, while it was leaving Nongstoin. also to go to Shillong; However, when they reached Shyrwang village in West Khasi Hills, the incident happened which injured four people.
With this victory, Real OIG has qualified for the quarter finals of the tournament.
Speaking to media, Pastor GML Mawlot, in-charge of the Nongkhlaw Presbyterian Church, said that the church has prepared and published information to those who attend the services from pastors, members, delegates and the public.
He said that in order to expedite the approval of the district council laws, the government has set up an Expert Committee to look into and study the laws prepared by the district councils after passing. to the Government to send back to the Governor for immediate approval.
Even if it is Saturday or Sunday, you should not go to school.
Part of the match between Boca Junior of Garo vs Amigos of Mairang at Laitkseh.
He said that if the farmers of Larnai continue to farm in this area, you will see what will happen.
A strong family ensures that the future will also be strong and secure.
Speaking to media, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “We have urged the CM of the State to take immediate action to urge the Central Government to fully release the implementation of the CAA 2019 and its Rules and also to immediately implement the ILP in the State.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the HFU who said that the HFU will take responsibility to talk to the government on many of the problems of the farmers. the price of mur and the kilo price of agricultural products.
He is from eternity to eternity and there is no end when we talk about this.
However, this promise has failed and instead of improving the road, the share of MDCs has been increased from T.2 crore each to T.3 crore.
Police conducted a search operation on buses carrying passengers near Umkiang after receiving a tip about the journey of Laskar and the abducted girl.
Speaking to reporters, the Sordar Shnong said, “For decades we have been looking forward to the development of this area.
The HNLC said that this is an insult.
“They blame Bah Martle N Mukhim for being old but as he gets older he gets older, like a sohmynken as he grows older he gets older,” said an elderly man from Mawkynrew.
“If the HNLC's Operation Kyllang in the past could curb rape, why can't the government in power and the law do even a single step for peace? HNLC Publicity Secretary Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw in a statement.
Speaking to Ma Wailadmiki by phone, he said he has not received any exact information on the speech of these two men and this is the matter of the kur.
The king initially objects because it is a disgrace for his daughter to marry an orphan.
Next to the alien, there is a tall, heavy and narrow door for the creature, which is about 22 meters tall, to enter and leave, said Scott C Waring.
The most important word that the world needs is ENVIRONMENT:- which in Khasi we call the environment.
“I have never seen such an incident in my life as a doctor,” said Dr Bhatti.
A complaint has been registered against them, Md. Zakir Hussain Laskar and Imranul Hoque Laskar.
The fate of the eight candidates for the MP award from Shillong Parliamentary constituency and the country as a whole will be announced on 16th June.
Out of the 1,480 cases, 971 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills including 48 cases from the Armed Forces and 923 cases from civilians. There are 3 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 108 cases including 8 cases from Armed Forces and 100 cases from civilians. There are 115 cases including 36 cases from Armed Forces and 79 cases from civilians, 14 cases from South West Garo Hills, 2 cases from South Garo Hills, 12 cases from East Garo Hills and 79 cases from There are 43 cases in North Garo Hills district.
According to him, the problems in the operation of CMJ University, as raised by former Governor RS Moo Shary, have been a source of inspiration for other universities in the state.
Deuteronomy 28:63–64.
Dr. Davidson Diengdoh was elected as President, Emmanuel Shangpliang as Vice President, Percia Phawa as Secretary, Lancaster Nongdu as Joint Secretary and Rev. SR Dkhar as Treasurer.
In the Catholic Church, it is known that they call themselves Fr., which is the same as Rev.
Amethis Darnei scored her first hat-trick in the 12-0 victory over Iongkaluh in the 2nd Edition Women's League of the East Jaintia District Football Association (EJHDFA). long on the artificial turf field at Diengshynrum on the 18th of November.
Speaking to reporters, the Sohtrun vendors along the road, even on their part, acknowledged the increase in the production of Sohtrun in Ri Bhoi, saying that in the past, Sohtrun was It comes out only once a year, but now it can be said that it has come out and can be sold to the public in all the four seasons, which means all year round.
He said that it is surprising that the NBCC which is implementing the signboard has taken land tens of meters away from the land and this has affected the land owners and they have not received any compensation.
Nelson Krem scored the first goal for Chutwakhu in the 7th minute.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93477 out of which 91721 have recovered and 1578 have died.
He said that this division has brought about a long-term justice and soon the people of Amlarem will see the benefits of it.
Therefore, and in compliance with the Clean Note Policy of the Reserve Bank of India, it has been decided to suspend the issuance of T.
I believe that if the corona passes away from me, I will be able to eat for a few years.
“I cannot imagine a district with five constituencies and five people's leaders, including Dr. DD Lapang from Nongpoh Constituency, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh from Umsning, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar from Umroi. , Bah Lamboklang Mylliemngap from Jirang and Bah Julius K. Dorphang, who is currently in jail from Mawhati Constituency. “They don't say anything and it shows that they are afraid to open their mouths in front of Dr. Mukul Sangma,” said one of the reluctant elders. to reveal your name.
He said that they have been involved in providing protection and also in bringing other development opportunities in the area since
The federation has also directed that any club must have 16 players who can pass the examination and those who are less than that cannot take part in the tournament.
Williamson A. Sangma. 50 years have passed and the benefits have been sufficient for the youth of Garo Hills.
The celebration of the 75th Republic Day of India in Nongstoin, is a testimony that as citizens we have the spirit of unity, determination and dedication for the sake of the country.
The Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun requests those who post these pictures through social media to apologize immediately for insulting the village and its residents.
Once again, Kong Angela stressed, “We can be only employees, market vendors, newspaper writers, writers, farmers, domestic workers, householders, students, young job seekers, self-employed, retired, teachers, musicians, composers, artists, artists, intellectuals and fighters, but we are united and there is only one to restore democracy and to speak the truth.
In my experience I have found that there are three types of pastors.
The RTI has found that these projects have been implemented incompletely, irregularly, incompletely and not in accordance with the plans, estimates and specifications.
They received a cash prize of T.1000 and a synrod.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has urged the public to obey the traffic rules while passing through this bridge to avoid any incident until the end of the year. The National Testing Agency (NTA) has conducted the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) examination at one of the examination centers in the country. Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang together with members of the Media Cell of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on 15th June 2024 at NEHU, Shillong. , Dr. Rusievan Shangpliang and members of the union visited the examination center in the evening of the same day to see and talk to those who agreed to conduct the examination at NEHU regarding this. During his visit to the examination centre, the Mawlai MLA had a chance to talk to the conductors of the examination center and said that such a problem is no longer a problem. to continue to affect and harass the students of the state.
According to the notification issued, female students, despite their low passing rate by two per cent, will be allowed attendance as stipulated.
Furthermore, India’s exports are projected to reach new heights, at a growth rate of 14.68% in FY 2022-2023 compared to FY 2021-22 to reach exports The country reached USD 775.87 billion.
Meanwhile, Adelbert Nongrum said that Donevan has left a mark on the KHADC by resigning from the post of EM but to go as Dy.Chairman.
It also signifies the beginning of the rainy season.
The investigation was ongoing at the time of writing.
However, as the days go by, the KSU is an organization that cannot sit idly by or listen to the problems of the people as a whole.
Police have arrested Patrick Crusius, 21, of Dallas, about 600 miles from El Paso.
Volunteer Angela Rangad, who spoke on the occasion, said that the politics of division should be completely rejected.
There have been 696 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 14,0
Banshimti Ryntathiang, 39, of Mawlai Nonglum, died at Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
This was announced by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who said that the proposal to the Government is for the implementation of the Drug Reduction and Action Mission (DREAM) project of the Ministry.
Our members will gather in different parts of the state and raise flags at the venue where Modi will speak near Guwahati,” said the AASU advisor. It is understood that the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 will be tabled in the Rajya Sabha on the 12th of this month and if it has the opportunity, it will seek the approval of the House. the rhetoric of the northeast.
They also demanded that the Minister should suspend the construction of the smart meter and that the contractors should not forcefully install the smart meter in Jaintia Hills until the smart meter is installed.
Referring to the threat of ACHIK to go to the Supreme Court (SC) if the roster is not implemented since 1972, Bah Louis said that this action of the Gao people shows their last attitude to do whatever they want. the state.
The Umsum Pitcher Plant Community Reserve Nongnah has nine members who look after and maintain the area and in terms of assistance, the group has received only a small amount from the Wildlife Department. a few but many still spend from their own bodies.
He said that he will send a report to the government on the public hearing.
According to the 2011 census, the population of Khasi Jaintia is 14,11,775, while the population of Garo is 8,21,0
If we children don't get the protection of our parents, where else is there peace for us children,” said the sign.
Rajiv Kumar said that more than 20 lakh citizens in the state will elect new leaders, of which 10,92,326 lakh are women and 10 are men. ,68,801 lakh, of which 81,443 voters for the first time who are on the 18-19 years old card, while 22,858 voters who are over 80 years old on the card. There are 290 people who are over 100 years old.
Sharma said the NPP has done a lot of work in the five years it has been in power in Meghalaya, looking at the collapse of the newly formed Legislative Assembly in Mawdiangdiang and in the Instead of punishing the officer in charge of the case and investigating, they have given him a ticket to contest the elections to be held this month.
Government Ministers Banteidor Lyngdoh, Sniawbhalang Dhar and Lahkmen Rymbui, government officials, entrepreneurs and others were accompanied on the visit.
This is the greatest work of elders in all Christian churches, Ezekiel 33:9, “But if thou warn the wicked of his way to turn from it; he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul.
The question is now who will get these vacancies in NEIGHRIMS Hospital which will encourage the job seekers and even the union because this is still stirring up the youth who will turn against the government.
“On the other hand, the Regional Director has clarified that the Central Government, AMD has no longer put forward the issue of mining uranium in Meghalaya and the existence of the office is to look after the mineral resources in other states. Pangniang said that the state.
Until now, there has been no explanation for Shakira's death, but it has been revealed that they have decided to separate and she says that.
Dr Maria spoke about the spread of JN.Variant 1, in which she explained that the WHO advice should be followed so that family members and friends can safe.
Police said the incident was a shooting incident by robbers, but the HNLC said, “We are guerrilla and HNLC had simultaneously carried out an IED blast at his coal and coke factory in February. The HNLC is a guerrilla group and last June it blew up a bomb at its factory because it was engaged in benami trade. " said the statement.
“We as women are proud that Meghalaya is a women's state where women have the power and a strong position.
How can it be ensured that such activities will not be carried out by the State Governments in these camps?
Like the stars of the sky Sohra, that I, you, we all in Sohra know: how it will send rain on the mountains How it will need a shatri and a knup to cover itself and childrenFrom the heavy rain__We know: how to live in the days of trouble, how to live in peace.
It was witnessed that during the discussion inside the police station, the police locked the gate as part of the prevention of other members from entering the police station.
The tournament was conducted by Mr. S Loniak Marbaniang.
A1.
WJH Police have arrested Amos Syngkon and brought him before the court. However, the family members have not lodged a complaint yet, perhaps because they have many things to do. the religion of the body of this child.
A copy of the electoral roll has already been posted and those who wish to see it can come to the office of the Electoral Registration Officer, Deputy Commissioner West Khasi Hills, District.
"Listen, Mother, because I know better..." Maheh said, "Long, what are you doing...?" The mother asked again.
He said that what remains now is to complete the social agreement between the Syiem of Mynlliem Hima and the state government. After the signing of the social agreement, the High Level Committee will meet again. The meeting will be held and a report will be prepared to be submitted to the State Government.
King Wickliff died in Bangladesh in 1988 without being released by the Indian authorities.
The Committee requests the Central Government to conduct an inquiry into the IED blast, due to the tensions among foreigners.
According to the family members, Mephrin was wearing a blue T Shirt and Commando pants at the time of her disappearance. Anyone who has seen or found her is requested to inform the following phone numbers no.8974455427 or
“I respect the Dorbar Shnong but more important to me is God first in my life,” he said.
Speaking after the meeting, Rahul Gandhi said, “We have had a very pleasant meeting and the idea is that we have to protect democracy and the future of the country. work together and all the opposition parties should work together”.
As a resident of Bakur, she urges the District Council and the Dolloi to take immediate action to resolve this issue within three days so that the Waheh Shnong can be fully elected. if it is anyone among the citizens.
Ardent said whether the Government has done anything after seeing the statement and whether it has talked to the Assam authorities to ensure that peace and order will remain on the border.
On 18/12/2022, there will be a bonfire and a giant screen to watch the final of the World Cup.
Stroke has now become a common disease even among young people.
At this meeting, a decision will be taken to remove the illegal weighbridges and this has happened in previous years when there was a protest and later the state government decided to install only at the entry exit points. In Meghalaya, after the demolition of Umtyra, Umling Hynniawmer has appeared on the Jowai Bypass, said Balen Thubru.
“In the areas where land vendors are allowed to sell land, the government should also impose a fee on the land vendors,” said KHNAM. as the days went by and it became necessary for the government to implement the law for the benefit of the people.
Understanding about faith varies from person to person.
“The Government receives a lot of information every day and takes care of that information.
All these things were fulfilled, and they were at peace.
“We will take into account the citizenship of Bengalis, Hindus, Buddhists, Christians and other minorities who came to Assam from Bangladesh because of the persecution of the partition of India,” said the president of the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee. APCC) and Anjan Dutta,” said Allantry in a report published in the Economic Times on July 2,
Meeting with the family members of the deceased, Conrad expressed his condolences to the people of the state and the government as well. The government has suspended all the festivals it has organized as part of being with the people of Mukroh at this time.
I am grateful for the trust you have given me and now that I have joined, I will contest the MLA election 2023 from Williamnagar Constituency”.
Witting said that there was no disagreement or difference of opinion with the leaders of these districts but they spoke in a clear manner and they also accepted the decision.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Madanrting Unit has expressed its gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Madanrting for taking action against the authorities and foreigners to become citizens of the village. EPIC.Ka Seng fully supports the Dorbar Shnong to fight against the illegal influx of mynder into our state, because this will shock other Dorbar Shnongs who have not yet started to fight. through their local laws.
The UDP will hold a general meeting on the 27th of this month to elect a new president and other office bearers of the party, which has been led by the incumbent president Dr Donkupar Roy since
But I ask again, 'Do women no longer need men?' If they still need men, why do they cry so much like those who are lyngkhuh with the devil? I have written this article briefly. .
The two organizations said that through the implementation of the MRSSA rules, it will bring a lot of benefits to the taxi operators of the state and the government as well.
The district authorities of East Khasi Hills on Tuesday confirmed that there are only 77 refugees from Manipur who are still staying in Shillong.
Therefore, it would be better to avoid alcohol as much as possible to have a healthy baby without any doubt.
A short speech was also delivered by Ma Puramon Kynjing President of the Khasi Children's Congress and the reading of the report by SP Lyngdoh General Secretary of the Khasi Children's Congress.
The President said that at these times it is sad that the government has allowed the people to come to the state when many of the returnees are Dkhars. Foreigners entering the state are illegal and bring trouble to the state especially in the Sohra area.
Therefore, at such times, there should be a spirit of cooperation so that the work can go smoothly”.
One of the most important reasons is that he was not able to collect taxes.
Rueveny Your Home.
Thomas Jones Day is the day we commemorate the work and service of the first Missionary of the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Church who arrived in Saitsohpen Sohra on 22 July
Whether you go to the mountains or to the rivers, you have all kinds of different kinds of flowers.
According to the Bible, the last seven years were seven years.
SP Lakiang on 14th July 2021 at Supercare Hospital and was buried on 15th July
After visiting Khatkhasla, the EMs of KAAC and government officials held a public meeting at Umkhermi village in Jubili Anglong.
The Income Tax Department has also found five other companies run by Bhargava, which he did not report to the Indian Revenue Department.
:Rupda Lato, 22, a model from Jowai, is now ready to represent India in the Miss Universe pageant. The 2023 Miss Aura International will be held in Antalya, Turkey.
Health Minister Ampreen Lyngdoh said the demand for a salary increase of ASHA workers is reasonable and said that the ASHA workers will continue their strike, even if there is a salary increase. times their negotiations with the Government.
It is learned that the ticket race is between John F Kharshiing and Vincent Pala, where the name of Ronnie is no longer in front.
Earlier, there was a death of people inside the coal mine from the collapse of the crematorium while they were inside the coal mine.
“Now we have only to register for the upcoming Assembly elections and we expect to complete it in the coming months.
Even in the midst of the desire to give confidence that the Government has a good intention (the benefits of the doubt) but to eat too much and reach social harmony without clear rules and principles will create doubt. and great evil speaking.
Under this scheme, about 5,000 tyngka per household has been sent directly to the banks of the farmers.
Meghalaya won the bronze medal in the 4X400M Mixed Relay led by Donbok Shabong, Eleven Dkhar, Glorify Kurbah and Ritina Hanse.
“We were able to hold the tournament again after the disruption caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, which disrupted the athletes.
Besides the farmers, KN ​​Kumar, ACP Meghalaya was the chief guest along with other agriculture officers.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 11: Two electrical posts near Mount Hermon English School in Mawbyrshem area and another near a two-storey house in the market area have been destroyed. Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (MYC) led by Samla Wilson Myrthong President of the Unit have met with the Executive Engineer and Sub Divisional Officer of MeECL Nongstoin Division to request them to create opportunities for the implementation of the project. to move away and to stand farther away.
Jowai, July 25: The Movement for Change (MDA) Meghalaya, in a statement sent by its President Pherdian Samiang and Chandame Sungoh as its spokesperson, has strongly condemned the MDA-2 government for not The NPP led by Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister on the part-time and unfounded dismissal of Lokayukta officers.
Shillong: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that as the Governor of Meghalaya has already approved the Land Act, Banks shall not be able to reject the documents or land titles approved by the District Council.
They appealed to the people of Mawlai to give their support in this MP election and vote for the Congress and Bah Pala to have peace.
Now that the city is closed, people are staying at home.
Mawkhan SC will play against Phlangmawsyrpat SC for the title.
He said that at this meeting to be held on the 5th November 2020, a decision will be taken on the selection or if it cannot be held, how to do in this regard.
The MVI Enforcement Police conducted a raid at 20Mer near Tool Gate Plaza and during the raid, they arrested several vehicles and drivers who violated the Motor Vehicle Rules.
Furthermore, the union urged the community to be vigilant and immediately report any suspicious activities to the relevant authorities.
Thus, Hans Kung proposes, "the fundamental principles of different religions should apply worldwide and he calls them the Global Ethic"
The second North East Olympic Games, which has just concluded in Meghalaya, is perhaps the best tournament for youngsters in various sports.
“It is very important that the people should be able to understand it because it is the foundation of the nation,” said Bah Kwilnis Suchiang, Publicity Secretary KSU JHDU. Shillong, July 24: Sub Inspector Nurul Islam, who is accused of raping women in Ampati, South West Garo Hills, has appeared before the District Session Court in Shillong on Tuesday after two years on the run. secret since the incident.
It is to be recalled that at the meeting of the two DCs of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills District on 20th March 2020, the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong, Syed Isfaqur Rahman said that this road will connect Tahpat. , Lapangap and Khanduli are old roads and the work that has been done is only maintenance work and it has been in existence since ancient times.
The Chief Medical Officer of CMC Vellore said that he wants the hospital run by the church to run smoothly without any delay in all aspects and he wants the hospital to gain the trust of the people. I don't want to take care of myself.
On the other hand, GHADC MDC from Barengapara, Pramod Koch expressed his dissatisfaction with what happened.
Before the awarding ceremony, a short meeting was held by the Principal of Northeast Adventist University. Leningrad Tariang said that the university is pleased to learn that the top position in the list has been awarded. The Khasi people.
BJP women to explain schemes of Modi government To explain and explain to the public the schemes of NDA government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP women of Meghalaya will visit every street. villages in this state.
They also demanded that the government should hand over the inquiry to an independent commission of inquiry into the incident.
“It is time for us to move forward and look at something new,” said Modi, informing that from the second day of the session, the session will be held in the new Assembly, which is one of the projects to be built. The Central Vista Project has been allocated at a cost of Rs 20,000 crore.
Many times we see that people come not to see the beauty of nature but to enjoy themselves with alcohol.
Jerusalem, March 10: Seventy-two hours after Hamas launched a surprise attack on Israel, the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) today recaptured the border with Gaza.
The more you talk, the more people do these illegal things.
On Tuesday, the Prime Minister announced that the government will spend more than Rs 300 crore for the electricity department if this situation continues in the next 100 days.
Shillong: Anita Blah, 74, of Nongshilliang, Malki, Shillong, has been admitted to Woodland Hospital on November 24 and tested positive for covid-1
He said the Assam government has threatened these residents to register their names in Assam.
She said she had promised to approve the Bill but was still waiting for a letter from the District Council Affairs (DCA) of the state government.
According to a statement issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Mizoram government, as agreed at the meeting held in November last year, the two governments have gone to hold The Mizoram government has already submitted a report on the issues related to the land security in the border areas.
He said that the KHADC has taken over Shella on its own after the term of office of Wahadadar Soutish Youroin has expired.
The criminals have destroyed the CCTV cameras inside the area by painting them with blue paint to prevent them from being seen committing crimes.
Those who apply for pension, bank deposit, SIM card, admission to various educational institutions, food allowance and others, without needing Aadhaar, please contact us to tell us your experience. their.
If you enter the factory you will wonder where you are.
Sunday belongs to all nations and not just to us Christians.
If this is the case, why not, because the Bangladeshis have entered the country and have been living along the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border.
Wandashisha is preparing to contest the 2018 MLA election from Jirang constituency from the NPP and has also set up 87 units to strengthen the party including 47 units of the elderly. , 22 units for women and 18 units for youth.
In terms of employment, the villagers have not benefited from these factories and there is no reason to allow these dewbilat factories to expand their mining.
According to the leaders of the National Hynniewtrep People's Federation (NHPF), the bio medical waste was dumped in Marten for treatment or burning in an incinerator.
In one of the largest drug seizures, the Custom Department seized heroin worth Rs 2.59 crore and arrested two persons from Shillong.
New Delhi: Amit Shah, Smriti Irani, Rajnath Singh, Nirmala Sitharaman, Prakash Javadekar, Babul Supriyo and others were sworn in along with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Rashtrapati Bhavan. .
So far, DoSE&L has released the PGI report for the years 2017-18, 2018-19 and 2019-2
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the National Sports Day was celebrated across the country. Mawpoin and Ïa-tan-tyllai which are different and old games with the aim of improving and reviving them.
It doesn’t have to be morning by one, evening by one.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Saturday renewed the office bearers of HANM West Jaintia Hills and Laskein Block Circle.
Ajinkya Rahane has moved up to 37th in the Test rankings released by the International Cricket Council (ICC). Shardul Thakur has moved up to 94th place in the category.
Eventually the indigenous people face inevitable hardships and have to find a way to make a living from the cities.
The BJP 2-Jowai Mandal has decided to meet with the DC BS Sohliya, but as he was not available at his office, the party has handed over the meeting to DD Syngai, MCS, Addl.DC (Election). ), Jowai According to the letter, the BJP 2-Jowai Mandal has requested the DC's office to help in the construction of the Polling Station at Loom Sooiung New Hills during the MLA Election the ambition of the citizens.
“The party expects that Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit should be replaced,” said Bah Lanong.
The driver of the bike and his friend, who sustained injuries in the accident, were rushed to Byrnihat CHC for treatment.
The funeral service of Shane will be held on 24.5.23 at the Catholic Cemetery Jowai at 1 pm.
Ma Bening, from Mawkhan, when asked by this writer, stood up and went to take a cube, which weighed about two kilos, but when asked, the price of jhur. , he said, saying that the price of this cube will be about T.10 or only T.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : As part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of Independence of the country, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on the 15th of this month distributed several awards from the villages. The award went to the Police, Home Guard and the best health centres, at a function held at Madan Polo.
On the other hand, Bah R.Marthong expressed his deep sorrow and added that in the past we used to receive the distributors of alcoholic beverages and rice according to the allotment from the DC, Supply West Khasi Hills. In Mwkyrwat, many villages have been charged with up to 100 liters of alcoholic beverages.
Almost all the aspects, especially now that we have learned, the changes are very fast,” said the neighbor and gave the waidung to Meiieid.
On the other hand, the DC WJHD, Bah BS Sohliya, said that there are two regional committees, one for West Karbi Anglong and one for West Jaintia. in case of injury or bloodshed, but in relation to land the authority lies with the regional committee.
It cannot be said that the government before giving the scheme to the villagers to build fish ponds, has not considered and has not set the rules on how the beneficiaries should use the scheme.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: A three month old child has been seriously injured in a lightning strike. The other injured are the mother of the child, the mother of the child and another woman, u They were shot dead by police while walking on the highway at Mukhla under Thadlaskein Block, West Jaintia Hills this morning at 12:42 pm.
Shillong, Nailar 8: Different countries around the world including Shillong will commemorate Mother Teresa by holding a film festival.
“She should understand her duty, what she should do, because her party is no longer in power, it is not beautiful and it has never been like that in the past. Speaking to reporters, the PDF MDCs said that if this is the case, the Chairperson should not resign. They too will do whatever is necessary, because on their part they have prepared Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, former CEM of KHADC to sit on the post.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the Fashion Cell of the Apple Society, Dr. Lumbor Mawsor said that only women within the limit of He said that in fact the title of Miss West Khasi Hills should have been given but as Nongstoin is the headquarters of the district, the title of Miss Nongstoin should be given.
Others who attended the ceremony were Bah T.Marweiñ, Treasurer of MDSA, Bah P.Wanniang, General Secretary of MDSA who also gave speeches. supporters of their own teams.
“He used to work for the people and many things he did in secret without blowing the trumpet.
The third quarter final will be played on the 2nd June 2024 between MLP and KMC Sonapur at 1 pm.
However, the group they lead has the power to move towards the side that will be more advantaged in other areas.
There are 21 teams participating in this tournament and they are divided into their respective groups.
On the other hand, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA, expressed the need for cooperation to strengthen the campaigns aimed at raising awareness on many issues, such as HIV/AIDS in the society.
Nongpoh, July 17: A dumper truck stolen from Guwahati has been recovered from Nongpoh area today, two days after robbers robbed a petrol pump in Guwahati.
In recent months, Bah Pynshngain has announced that he is no longer willing to cooperate with the leadership of Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister and has already informed the AICC on this matter.
However, the Government should ensure that there are no roads that cannot be maintained.
The winners of the men's under 18 category were Wanbok Lyngdoh Mawphlang, second Bines Kharlyngdoh and third Neverson Jyrwa.
Balwan Singh, son of Darshan, said that his beloved father had been breathing on oxygen for the past four days until Saturday, when he died.
Shillong, July 12: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement sent to the media today said that the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) is ready to fight against the government. talk peace if the federal government calls.
Taliban militants, who carried out suicide bombings, killed 48 people in two attacks yesterday.
Besides, it was also found that this illegal parking is the cause of the traffic jam in Shillong, the order said.
Let that depend on the will of God, it is my duty and yours all to stand on the path of righteousness and the truth that even if God destroys us, we will be His, to be with Him. He is in the kingdom that He has prepared for all the saints.
Shillong, Lber 16: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday launched its MP election campaign from the village of (L) Purno Agitok Sangma. They are located in North Garo Hills.
Witting recalled that as soon as the flood occurred, he as an MLA immediately sent officers from the Block from the BDO, Gram Sevaks and other officers to inspect and take. He said that the officers from Nongstoin have completed all the requirements and submitted them to the state government. “I am surprised that the government has not done anything yet. I don't know how it has treated the flood victims in Garo Hills or elsewhere. In fact, as a leader, I have already provided all the necessary facilities. “I wonder why the government is silent,” said Witting.
Regarding the Marathon, the Sengbhalang leaders said that it was written on the sign boards that it is the Sohra Marathon, but it is not known why the Marathon was held, for what purpose, but It has left the people of Sohra in darkness, and they said that it was only when they saw in the newspapers that it was written that it was the celebration of Tirot Singh.
He said that there are only two issues that the people accuse the BJP from time to time, saying that the BJP is a party that bans the consumption of beef and the second is that The BJP aims to convert all the citizens of India to Hinduism.
“Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed the hope that once the market is completed, the farmers will be able to sell and market their produce from this market.
He said that the main objective of the government is to provide the best sports facilities for the athletes and to encourage them to take up sports as a goal of life in the country. place of play myllen or not.
Speaking to media, HITO President Donboklang Dkhar said, “After the statement from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to confirm the existence of high levels, the HITO Sengkmie “They raided coal trucks all night at Mawryngkneng and seized about 50 trucks and out of these 18 trucks were lodged a complaint and others fled”.
More than 60 people have been killed in a fire in a five-storey building in central Johannesburg on Friday.
Whatever you call us, you just inform us because we know the theft of the MDA-II Government,” said Bah Dkhar.
Look at Rongjeng, you voted for me five years ago, you helped me to work with the people of Rongjeng to achieve the Civil Sub Division.
“The man, who sits in a very important chair, does not understand, only the culture of India and speaks in this manner.
The President of the Union denied the allegation by the six sordars of the village who admitted that they were attacked with the intention of destroying their sordarship.
Shillong Lajong opened the scoring in the 33rd minute through Brazilian captain Daniel Gonsalves.
As it turns out, we see that we have swinging leaders who are slow and slow, who are not firm on their own foundation, and who are swinging leaders just to support themselves and others. forgetting their own family by forgetting their own nation in which they too are an important part.
Not only that, the ticket has also gone to Bah Badhok Nongmalieh, who has been rejected from the Congress party, to contest from Jirang constituency.
On the other hand, Bah Daniel Nongrum requested the State Government to assist the filmmakers by setting up a Cinema Hall, only for Khasi films, as the film industry is like a There is no way to get jobs for many young people.
The tree planting ceremony was held at Trep-Pariat Pohsnieñ near the Myntdu River.
She also explained how they should take good care of themselves physically.
Ronaldo also holds the record for the most goals in the UEFA Champions League with 17 goals in the 2013-14 season.
God asked Moses – “What is that in your hand?” “The rod” Moses replied.
At the same time, Conrad said that the state government has set up a Mrad Hospital in Upper Shillong under the PM DEVINE scheme of the Government of India. budget of T.30 crore.
The truck, which has the registration number JK 05 H 0666, was parked near the road and due to the heat of the sky, the driver and the passenger were sleeping inside the truck. The driver of the truck was injured in the blaze while the driver was seriously injured. Firefighters from Nongpoh, Umsning and Umiam Fire and Emergency Services tried to extinguish the fire, but the blaze was heavy. The truck was damaged.
Speaking to Rupang, KSU General Secretary Samla Auguster Jyrwa said that the rally has not yet been arranged for the rally. The meeting will be held at Motphran at 1 pm.
Bah Fedrick was formerly the Director of MBOSE, Shillong and retired from that post in
The shooting, killing or trafficking of this animal or its body parts as well as other species of wildlife is illegal and anyone or any person involved in shooting/killing or trading in this animal or its body parts as well as other species of wild animals shall be punishable under the provisions of the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972 with imprisonment for up to 7 years. year with a fine of not less than Rs 25,0
Thank you very much for this teaching, and it reminds us, all as Christians, that we should not be proud of having a name in the church, because to be citizens of the world we must be born in it. but to become heavenly citizens, we must be born again into the kingdom of God.
Nongpoh, July 25: It is not easy for the poor people to pay T.75,000 in hospitals after they leave the hospital. the clinic, when they have got a healthy body.
Look, it doesn't work at all...” The mother said again, “Oh, that's right... I love her.
U Bah Mawdoh also explained to the shopkeepers who sell tobacco that since morning, they should remember that they have put up signs showing that it is prohibited to smoke in public places and everyone. tobacco products should be kept inside in public places.
He said that the border between the state and Assam has been resolved after 50 years.
Nongpoh, Naitung 27: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District today met with the SDO of Umsning Distribution Sub-Division, MePDCL Umsning regarding the floods. Speaking to media after the meeting with the SDO, the MeECL has been in dire straits for many days due to the lack of attention of the MeECL department. MePDCL Umsning, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that the village leaders cannot tolerate the lack of attention of the MeECL department which does not believe in the complaints of the people. Although electricity is available in other villages, but the people in this area have to live in darkness and lack of jobs and many necessities as many of the jobs have to use electricity. electrical boarding.
However, under the supervision of the Seng, the trucks have started unloading goods again and the Seng has often found traffic jams in the areas of Khliehriat, Ladrymbai due to the rude behavior of the trucks. like these trucks.
Bety Jyrwa said that after she bought the shop, she went to talk to the shopkeeper but he did not agree but forced her.
“We will try to convince Dr Mukul Sangma to contest from Tura Parliament,” said MPCC President Celestine Lyngdoh earlier.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister acknowledged that the State is still lagging behind, and what is needed now is how to change what the State is.
t.01.01.2024 for all 60 Constituencies in the State of Meghalaya.
After several innings without scoring, Meghalaya foreign player Nahul Verma contributed 43 balls out of 34 balls, including four fours and Riboklang Hynniewta contributed 19 runs. ron or 28 balls.
The hospital is specially designed for mothers and children from Jaintia Hills.
And the most important thing is to remember that panic or fear is the friend of the earthquake.
He said that if the issue of peace talks is in the hands of the state government, the peace talks should have been completed, but they should express their desire to talk peace so that The State Government may take up the matter with the Central Government.
On the other hand, the Minister strongly condemned the discovery of these bodies buried near their vehicle which was burnt at the scene. upset the relationship between the general public.
The country starts from the border and not from Delhi,” Rijiju said.
Likewise, now that we are facing the 2nd wave of Corona virus in which many people have died from severe illness, the need for a Life Support Ambulance is urgent,” said the union.
In addition, the Seng has requested the PHE department to release the drinking water supply on time as needed. Water supply was not available properly because it was supplied for only a short time and almost all the villages were supplied for only one hour.
The KSU has urged the DCIC to take action to conduct all kinds of training for the benefit of the unemployed youth. center.
Discover Jaintia today held the festival at two venues.
D and one thing, which he often says to me, is “I don't want to contest elections” and there, I give my opinion, according to my understanding.
Those who signed the letter to Sonia Gandhi were the party's Rajya Sabha leader Ghulam Nabi Azad; other leaders include Anand Sharma, Kapil Sibal, Manish Tewari, Shashi Tharoor; MP Vivek Tankha; Mukul Wasnik, Jitin Prasada, Bhupinder Singh Hooda, Rajender Kaur Bhattal, M Veerappa Moily, Prithviraj Chavan, PJ Kurian, Ajay Singh, Renuka Chaudhary, Milind Deora; Raj Babbar (UP), Arvinder Singh Lovely (Delhi) Kaul Singh Thakur (Himachal); Akhilesh Prasad Singh, Kuldeep Sharma; Yoganand Shastri and Sandeep Dixit.
“According to information, the GNLA members have been robbing the coal owners to demand money,” said the CEM of KHADC.
“It will be a very difficult task to temporarily deploy 160 companies of CRPF. In fact, the coal in the state may run out until this plan of the state government can be implemented. ," said the High Court.
On this important issue which can improve the quality of medical training, members of the KSU including Lambok Starwell Marngar, President, Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary, Eric Nongkynrih, Assistant General Secretary and Shemphang Lang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Litigation Secretary, met face to face with the Minister of I/C. James P Sangma, to ask for clarification on Shillong Medical College.
“This act of charity is part of encouraging even when they are just small gifts.
At the same time, the Chairperson said that people can also lodge a complaint with the Commission against the 100 days scheme or MGNREGA or if there are projects that have been implemented.
“All these development projects are just a deception to mine uranium, the tender is the secret agenda of UCIL to mine uranium,” said Daniel.
The man reportedly fired 50 rounds from two high-powered rifles at the Al Noor Mosque in Christchurch, a small island in northern New Zealand.
“We want to look at the rights, faith, heritage and tourism in the rural areas.
Besides scoring two goals, Laitryngew have lost one player, Banraplang Buhsan who was sent off after receiving a red card.
Praising the government's initiative, Adelbert said the government has turned a blind eye to the problems of parents to curb the high school fees and prices of textbooks.
In my opinion, especially at this time, the fight against Corona Virus is more than the fight against Corona Virus because of the increase in the price of food and beverages in the shops. rental car.
Most of the players will have to take part in the IPL title which has been going on for two months, while only three Australian players have taken part in the tournament.
“As of now, there is no complaint against the former Governor and no investigation has been launched.
The case was heard by Justice Dr. P. Jyothimani, Justice MS Nambiar, Dr. GK Pandey and Prof. Dr.) PC Mishra and Ranjan Chatterjee.
Kong P.Nongkhlaw (PHN) who is an employee of Sohiong CHC explained about the injuries caused by child marriage and poverty at an early age.
Therefore, if the youth continue to live in such a situation, the danger that will come is the future of the nation, because if the youth, they have become synjor, the foreigner will kill them. He doesn't know when they will fall and after this he will be able to seize and start leading in many ways.
The Government has ignored and violated the law by appointing only one person as the Director of Investigation and the Director of Prosecution as well.
Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala, commenting on the prime minister's speech, said the 95-minute speech was “I, me, mine and only me 'I', 'me' , 'mine', and 'myself',".
According to the latest news, the government is now preparing to relocate the Urban Cooperative Bank at Polo Market and also to take over the land of MeCEL for the construction of the market. Polo.
Shillong, July 5 : The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has demanded that the President of India, Droupadi Murmu, order the Central Government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and introduce The Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution and also to immediately resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
“Do the newspapers get more help from the government's announcements?” This is also a wrong question, because the state government does not have a law, except that which has been created. Purno Sangma in 1988 and the law itself states that government announcements have no intention of helping the media.
Because this is a book, which is read all over India, it is necessary for the State Government, through the Prime Minister, to demand immediately, to stop this defamatory article and to lodge a complaint. Through this complaint, it will be possible to investigate whether the insulting writing was written by the author or approved by the Human Resources Department. Resources Development of the Government of India.
Such a nation is half-headed and half-beast.
He added that sports in today's society is no longer a recreational activity but it has become another activity to create jobs in government offices, military services and also earn money through that sap that that don.
Meghalaya bowlers who have inspired other players include Manish Sharma who has scored 45 wickets from nine matches, while Abhi Shek He is also one of the players who has scored 40 runs this season.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung together with the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Leaders led by Bah Blikstar Sohtun took this opportunity to pay tribute to Raja Brahma who is the Additional Deputy Commissioner of the country. Bhoi District, after he was re-elected as the new Border Magistrate in Ri Bhoi District to look after the peace and development of the border villages especially in the Raid Nongtung. the great services of this border magistrate in the past years.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed his pleasure to witness this tournament and said that many of the youths of the area have been able to play against different clubs in Shillong and led the tournament. state through the organization of such games including the Mawkynrew Cup.
A bench headed by SHRC Chairperson Justice KK Tated and member MA Sayeed has ordered the Mumbai Police Commissioner, BMC and the Joint Commissioner to answer in connection with the to document and identify places in the city that have become hotspots for drug users and drug traffickers.
Philippians 2:9-11.
After this, many of the Governments in the State were led by National Parties and perhaps because of this we have not received any laws to protect and protect the Jaidbynriew. which we are still longing for until this moment.
And I hope that in the future, all these things will no longer appear and will disappear completely and then we will see that the nation has become stronger.
Some of Shira's followers are still alive and have not been arrested yet as they have fled from one place to another.
On the occasion, the Minister also said that the State Zoo should not be the only place to preserve the species of animals. He said that the Government will also try to make the Zoo one of the places to attract tourists.
Besides Bah Bright, there were other teachers' colleges who were parties to the case in the High Court, where the court during the tenure of Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee ruled in favor of the teachers.
BJP leaders and other public leaders have done their utmost to urge the Prime Minister to withdraw the Assam Riffle from Manipur.
It is difficult for these kinds of people to become selfish because they look only at money and selfish interests without any feeling for those who have deceived them.
Before turning to any subject, it is appropriate to mention those things which have been done in the past.
The final match was very interesting as both the teams played hard from the start, but the boys of Ri Bhoi were strong and managed to score a goal at the start of the match through Shanborlang ha the 2nd minute.
European countries will accept only Vaxzervria, another vaccine from AstraZeneca, but developed in the UK and elsewhere in Europe.
I take this opportunity to wish you all a Merry Christmas whether you are from the city or the countryside.
Those who did not get off that day had to stay overnight in the trucks to sell the next day.
The players must be residents of Mawlai and must also have a residence permit from the Rangbah Shnong of the village where they reside.
We cannot take these miracles and imagine or force them to happen now exactly as they did in the time of Jesus.
The disease has started to affect the pig farms of Akham James Singh Farm, Kangmong Meisnam Leikai in the district.
We are also angry to know that the government authorities have misused their powers to attack innocent people in Manipur,” said CAS President Bah JA Lyngdoh in the petition.
“The documents required by the school, such as cash book, service book, check book, shuki, piano, Principal, Vice Principal room, office, money, store room, 3 staff rooms, hall and 16 classrooms for classes VI to X, 2 shops, old mementos, syrnod, have been destroyed,” said the school authorities.
The youngest child is 4 years old and is one of 4 children.
The family members of the child, on that day, expressed their deep sorrow over the loss of their own child at that age and in an unexpected incident. At that time, the child was a child whom everyone loved and admired because of her good behaviour.
The leaders said that they have already held talks with the political parties on Saturday on the issue and have also met with UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy on the issue.
According to the budget, the KHADC expects to receive more from the Professional Taxes Department of T.1.10 crore, Mineral Revenue of T.20.25 crore, and T.20.25 crore from the Professional Taxes Department. revenue from vehicles worth T.1.10 crore.
Among these four Khasi youths, one of them, who got the highest marks, after receiving the RTI, informed the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the Central Body on Tuesday. On the 27th of November, under the leadership of the Chief Organising, Bah Khraw Nongsiej together with his members, they visited the school to close or suspend the examination immediately. To clarify that without releasing the results, they may not want Khasi youth to get this job and they will hold a new examination, said the union.
Rudolf E.Laloo (PHF) RC-Jowai, Rtn.
For Group C, 339 posts have been allocated and 74 posts have been vacant.
According to Dr.R Lyngdoh, Joint Director (MCH&FW), “Teleconsultation is a blessing not only for the patients in the remotest parts of the state but also to encourage them to operation in the district health centers and also in the state capital.
The three-hour fire brigade will continue as scheduled earlier, said a statement from the office of James K Sangma, Minister of Power.
“As the Seng, we would also like to urge the students not to be influenced by some who want to implement this policy right now this academic year without thinking carefully about some of the issues. I don't know what to do,” said Bah Ardent.
So they went out in public to oppose these laws.
In the incident of SI Patharkhmah, Bah PJ Marbaniang, Meghalaya Police have said that he committed suicide even though witnesses have confirmed that it was a murder. The Meghalaya Police is incompetent and untrained and will not discuss terrorism, kidnapping, robbery from truck drivers and others.
He said that in fact the Government and the MBOSE should have understood the problem of the students who intend to study abroad if they do not have the original marksheet. The original marksheets make it difficult for the students to find a place to study, especially if they intend to study abroad, said Bah Bandari Ryntathiang.
Regarding the Labor License, the CEM said that the KJADC has already learned that the state government has already accepted the Labor License. Shillong: U Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare (KHADC) has amended the Khasi Hill Regulations to allow foreign workers to obtain MISSMW from the State Government. Hek said that all private hospitals will have the opportunity to vaccinate against Covid-19, including H Gordon Robert Hospital, Woodland Hospital and Nazareth Hospital, I started giving Tikka.
Previously, the lawyers of the refugees did not have the power to plead but now they have.
He also urged the village to give their right and left hand for the development of this school.
These memorial awards are expected to start from their first anniversary to promote their great contributions to society.
Looking at the whole of Meghalaya, many trade activities have been taken over by the authorities and foreigners and even the market, Khyndailad which is the two leading markets of the state which used to be the market of the state. but they have become the flesh of foreigners.
Benal said he is still waiting for the decision of the Consumer Forum.
“Two terms, we have won four MDCs and in both terms I have been alone, now we will elect a person to avoid the party,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Speaking at a rally in Bibiganj, Muzaffarpur, Siddiqui said the Act does not allow women who are lagging behind, but only those who are able to wear beautiful hair. They covered themselves with colour, covered their faces and covered their lips with lipstick.
Although the Voice of the People Party (VPP) won only four seats in the last MLA elections, the people especially in Khasi-Jaintia are expecting the MLAs of the party to fight for the rights. to the problems.
After becoming friends with the woman, he told her that he had sent her some gifts and showed her their gift.
Many Lyngngam elders were shocked when I sent the students from Seinduli Upper Primary School to sing.
The BJP has been criticizing the NPP especially after AL Hek has been removed as Minister of State and replaced by Sanbor Shullai. government.
The truck was scheduled to be released in 2021, but has now been confirmed to be released in
The Dorbar Shnong Khliehmyntriang welcomes everyone to come within the boundary of the village to celebrate the New Year, but urges everyone not to create trouble and to strive to maintain peace and order in the village. the village is destroyed.
That which ye reap shall be unto you to eat: but if ye reap that which is not to eat, it is a loss unto you.
Lyngdoh said that in today's era the struggle is different and more terrible than the struggle in the era of Tirot Singh because now we have to fight against the discrimination against us as ritpaid.
I also believe that the language we speak has the power to change even our minds when we use them.
However, in response to this, the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the government has no intention of doing this as it is still considering it. do this thing.
Those who own land in Mawlai Nongkwar Village are requested to come and clean up their land and surrounding areas.
In such an emotion, it can reach the limit of being driven by emotional energy and no longer by intellectual energy.
She said that they have to submit a written statement to the authorities and wait for the order from the authorities.
Jowai, Nailar 26: The KSU Mynksan Unit (WJHD) under the leadership of its General Secretary, Samla Garland Shadap Manner, on Tuesday arrested four foreign nationals who illegally entered the border. Ri Khasi – Pnar, in Mynksan Village (Raliang District) without the permission or trust of the Village Authorities.
“I have never received any assistance from the government for my fish farming, not even a single ksing.
At the same time, the ANEIGLPA said that even the Chief Secretary, Bah WMS Pariat, has rejected the Commission's request to take action within 30 days.
“But the time will come when it comes time for the campaign at that time we will bring the issues to the people," he said.
He said there was no reason to do that it was the UDP which had strongly criticized the involvement of politicians and insurgents in Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 24: The World Mission Society of God (WMI) has distributed food items to the poor and needy people at Jhalupara Community Hall, Shillong.
Amitabh Kant, G20 Sherpa, in his speech, said that India firmly believes that the country should think and act unitedly in the field of space.
In East Garo Hills, one case is High Risk, while in North Garo Hills, three cases include one health worker and two High Risk Contacts.
However, we live in a world and an age where it is not permissible to sell and sell for personal gain, just to provide for a family, a family or a group.
Good job, so that we can delete this no 19covid.
As a state where the people love and enjoy football, we are pleased that the Shillong Sports Association (a sports association that has been established for more than a hundred years) has been established. The Shillong Premier League, which will be known as the Officer's Choice Blue Shillong Premier League, will be held by five teams.
After scoring 5/41 in Arunachal's first tied innings and 6/57 in the second innings, Abhishek completed all the innings with 11/98, one of the best matches. for himself and for the congregation.
Although the cleaning of the artificial turf inside the SSA Stadium at 1st Ground, Polo has been completed, but now signs of poor implementation have started to appear.
When asked whether he will support Bah Tyngshain in the mid-term elections, Khyllep said, “I am in the Congress party and I will participate in the mid-term elections and after that I will prepare myself. for the 2023 elections from 26-Shella Constituency.
The funeral service for the remains of Bah HDR Lyngdoh will be held on the 24th June at Sohiong Village.
In the book of Esther it is clear that women cannot stand or decide for themselves and if they dare to do so they are subjected to the condemnation and punishment of the law, the harsh law and their law. The Medes and the Persians cannot change.
“The prime minister has promised to deliver within a day,” said Bah Sadon.
They are able to supply the presence of electrolytes.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has risen to 7788 and the death toll has risen to 483 with 24 deaths today.
The researchers found that no river contains sulphate, but the lukha and lunar rivers have found that sulphate has exceeded the minimum recommendation.
“It is interesting that for the smooth running of the scheme, the central government has allocated special funds for the construction of offices for the members. and office bearers of special Committees known as Area Employment Councils.
However, if you don't have light, you can't do anything especially in this age. What we do is use light. The CEO of MePDCL said that the light will be installed immediately and it will take only a short time to provide the transformers and light equipment needed by the hospital. Publicity Secretary N.Sutnga.
The name of Bah Martle was approved by the General Council meeting with the participation of various departments of the party at Mawusam, Thangsning today.
Rgh Mario said that it will be necessary to meet with each other to produce leaders from one generation to another because the Seng Khihlang lacks leaders in the organization and religion and prayer. to you to take the leaders in the corner house, in the party and the nation.
The celebration was conducted by Rev. SS Majaw, Chairman of the Governing Body of the Hospital. former KJP Assembly.
The program was attended by DHS staff and chief scientists of the North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC) in Umiam.
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd (MeECL) has now struggled to collect electricity bills from those who have not paid, and has now charged mobile companies who install mobile towers across the state. because they don't pay for electricity.
Lamare SC from Shillong has won the Invitation Knockout Football Tournament 2022-23 organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC).
All ration distributors have been directed to distribute immediately to all beneficiaries as soon as these ration items arrive according to the allocation as mentioned above.
On this occasion, Bah Erwin K.Sutnga said that the Union supports the District Council regarding the Clan Bill and the Kur Jait Kpa.
Kolkata: Fifteen workers were injured when a bus overturned in Jalpaiguri, West Bengal.
Shillong: Ka KSU Sohryng Kha Unit after receiving a complaint from the residents of the village, especially the parents, that these days there are people from outside the village who used to come to visit the village. area along the NH 6 which falls within the boundary of Sohryng village.
It was from that match that the team won other round robin matches before beating Arunachal Pradesh in the semi final.
Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma wrote on Twitter last night that 598 of these cases have been reported from Guwahati alone.
However, there are days when there is no rain, and it produces only 15 or 16 spah tyngka per day.
Speaking to media, u Bah Rody, said that the reason why they have taken this step is that in the past eight years, the development of the economy especially in terms of farmers, various schemes that this party has done.
Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP in the state, today sent a letter to Conrad K Sangma, expressing its support to the government to form a party. NPP.Shillong: According to information received after the counting of votes, there may be a clash in Sahsniang village and it has also spread to other parts of the area which may lead to the loss of land. The district authorities have declared a curfew to maintain peace and order and to prevent violence. in these parts.
Prof. Janak Jhankar Narzari, Soumitra Chatterji, Rathin Kanji, Prof. Niaz Majumdar, Falguni Mukherji, Shamita Goswami and Ketaki Choudhury were also present. , Mario Pathaw and Raphael Warjri, on issues related to their personal and social development.
He also had the opportunity to represent the State at the Malabar River Festival and a competition in Madhya Pradesh.
The TVS Jupiter is now available in various colours, such as white, silver, blue, blue and other colours.
They want to say that if Sohra is given a district, they too will ask for Garo Hills, which is right but they should demand that Sohra should have the right to get it. Speaker), announced on March 2, 2021 that Sohra and Mairang will soon become full districts.
Nongpoh: Members of the RBYF and FKJGP Umsning Circle have arrested nine foreigners who tried to smuggle into the state without proper documents.
At the same time, he appealed to the residents not to wait only for the stories of anyone related to this book but to take the precious time to read so that they can understand all that is in it.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) Social Wing of Jowai District on Tuesday continued its charity work by distributing assistance to the poor families of two villages in Mooshrot. and Sahsniang are located in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, July 19: The West Khasi Hills Sands and Stones Suppliers Association (WMSSA) has been formed at a meeting recently.
On the opening day of the tournament, Paralok FC beat Mawsyiem Panthers 3-0 – 1.
The time is still available, but it is up to the government and the school authorities whether they agree to use school buses and not to allow private vehicles to pick up and drop off every day.
At present, the deterioration of the road has also affected the traffic because if we want to go to Khliehriat it takes up to 8-9 hours to reach.
The meeting, chaired by Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, decided that the Government Ministers and Principal Secretaries in charge of Animal Husbandry Departments should form a committee to specifically, to protect cattle.
“What is surprising is that in Madhya Pradesh, I congratulate Shivraj Singh Chauhan who despite many difficulties has overcome them and together with the team they have won a glorious victory,” said Conrad. He is also the National President of the National People's Party.
Food is the most important part of the human body and without food there is no life.
“We have prepared a plan to encourage voters to take an active part in the MP elections. The aim is to encourage the youth, men and women, by holding sports such as football and others.
On the 1st of this month, members of BSF Meghalaya took part in the cleanliness drive in their border outposts, villages and public roads as part of the 'Swachhata Hi Seva' campaign.
According to history, in 1835, when the French overthrew the Sutnga king, Rajendra Singh, the French divided it into the Sutnga or Jaintia Empire.
“It’s reasonable given the savings from the work employed," he said.
It is learned that there may be heavy rain at Mendipathar today which is the venue of the final, but it is hoped that the time of the match will allow the match to the end.
The FKJGP has suggested that the PHE Department should clean the water pipes in the evening on this road due to the lack of traffic.
It is by His wonderful grace that we as a family will be able to trust completely in His love and guidance.
If you die, what will you do? Where will he spend eternity! That is why man has to choose.
At the same time, he said that the expenditure for these centers will be 826.38 lakh tyngka, of which the central government will contribute 743.74 lakh tyngka and the state government which is 10 percent will contribute 82 lakh tyngka.
Musk said he has signed two agreements with major countries and is in talks with many others.
You will start by traveling by train.
According to Dr Aman War, DHS, there are 3,381 cases in the state, of which East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases. Ri Bhoi District has 1,968 cases and Ri Bhoi District has 442 cases.
Shillong, July 17: Malki FC beat Ryntih 3-0 in the Shillong Premier League on Saturday evening at the Third Ground, Polo. .
Shillong, July 16: Speaking at a public meeting at Madan Polo, President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that after the formation of the VPP, there were those who criticized the party. the Very Poor Party (VPP).
In our village, there is no such program except for injections or Epic shots.
The border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya came in third place with 349 votes or 15 percent, while the coal release issue received 339 votes or 14 percent. you got 281 votes or 12 percent.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, on Friday requested all the citizens who have already registered with the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme or Smart Card of East Khasi Hills District to link their Aadhaar number. bad MHIS Card.
On the last day, along with the dancers, dignitaries including North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Mawlai Constituency Teiborlang, also attended the ceremony. Pathaw, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, General Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie, members of the JPK Seng Khasi Kmie, together with the people from near and far to fill the tournament. other.
On this occasion, the leading players of the state and the umpires who have completed their training were honoured.
The NPP has also decided to welcome the supporters of these MDCs in their villages in the coming days.
However, at 12:30 pm, the woman gave birth and the family members who were present called the nurses to come quickly, but the nurses did not come and explained on the phone to do this and that. give me water to drink.
The Central Government has recently released Rs 391 crore,” said the Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling while speaking as the Chief Guest at the meeting of the department at Umphrew on Friday.
Referring to the meeting, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, President of the CoRP, said that the party is deeply concerned about the issue of crossing the border from Assam to Meghalaya. They have refused to meet the DC and send a letter to her, that she should inform the higher authorities and stop the border crossing by Assam in these areas which are still under Meghalaya, because Assam has The land is still in Meghalaya, through the proper documents through the land owners.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Tura District Cricket Association (TUC) beat South Garo Hills DCA by 16 runs in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The tournament was held on Tuesday.
He added that the government should train the farmers how to use the urea fertilizer and due to the lack of training, the use of urea fertilizer has reached the limit and has caused the wickedness of the mar-rep.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong District today visited Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor in Lapangap and demolished the garden fences built specially for the trees planted through the road. scheme by the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority.
“It is unfortunate that the markets in the land of Hynniewtrep have been controlled and traded by foreigners,” he said.
The famous rivers of Khasi Hills, such as the Kynshi, Rilang, Umngi and others which flow into the Ranikor River, are the rivers that can carry drinking water, agricultural water and electricity.
The Carol march started from the ground floor of the church, to Motphran, Umsohsun, and returned to the church via Mawkhar Road.
The Federation of Khasi States has announced that on the 17th of November 2019, the 184th anniversary of the death of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, who stood for the independence of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, 60 MLAs, 90 MDCs, Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadars, Dolloi, Ministers, Basans, Raid Administrators, Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars Shnongs to be like Tirot Singh. The Khasi Jaintia Hills was protected through the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 17 August 1948, which was agreed and signed between the Government of India and the Khasi States.
He also urged the youth to refrain from any kind of alcoholic beverages which destroy the body, mind and society.
Shibun declined to comment on reports that Sniawbhalang Dhar and Prestone Tynsong, who have been sacked by the Prime Minister, have intended to join the BJP. In another report, it was learned that these MLAs had a meeting with the BJP leader in charge of the constituency, Himan Biswa Sarma in Guwahati these days.
Therefore, we must oppose it together,” said Dr. Mukul.
At present, the Badminton Association of the district, if we look back, the WJDBA is the only one that has trained the players of the district in which there have been many talented players in the district.
There have been incidents when domestic workers have been raped and tortured in 40 ways and the Union has immediately sought the assistance of the police,” said Kong Riahtam.
The KSU Mupyut Unit, KSU War War Jaintia Circle and neighboring villages have protested against the JMB trucks and JHADC trucks. They have been arrested for allegedly throwing garbage at the garbage dump in Mynkjai.
He also informed that the Government will provide financial assistance to filmmakers whether by listening or watching films that promote the culture and language of the people.
"Niakha was shocked when she heard the words of Rida, who had promised to tell her.
On this day, I send my condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the floods and landslides across the state.
There are no new schemes, only the implementation of old schemes.
This is for the athletes who are currently preparing for the World Athletics Championships (WAC) which will start from 19-27 July 2023 in Budapest.
At a meeting held by the Seng Samla Mawphlang at Mawphlang Square, the Junior Engineer of PHE, Bah Pyndap Wahlang said that the change in color of the water is due to the lack of water pipeline and cleaning. to the water before distribution to the public.
Speaking on the occasion, Paralad Toor and the leaders of these organizations said that the celebration of the Environment Day should not be held only once a year, but as The residents who have responsibility for the environment should have the spirit of taking care of the environment from time to time and if there is that cooperation we can really preserve the environment which is one of the The danger that people in these days have destroyed the environment without thinking about the future of the country and the nation.
However, this prohibition will not apply to any religious activities which have already applied for permission and which have promised to comply with the directives of the government authorities.
“Until now, these registration points which the government has mentioned to visit have disappeared but even the entry point at Umling has turned into a checkpoint for those infected with covid. “It's not working anymore,” he said.
U Bah Daniel Daju has escaped from the hands of robbers after he was abducted from his residence at Pormawlein village in Shahlang WKHD on the evening of 30th June. Daniel Daju escaped without any injuries and was released by the robbers this morning, July 1, at 4:00 pm. AM in Dabu Akhol village in East Garo Hills District.
Many sick people have to travel to Riangdo which is about 38 km away and the road is still rough and takes about 2 hours.
Regarding the awarding ceremony, Bah Joseph Syngkli, President of RBYF Nongpoh Circle, said that the RBYF Nongpoh Circle cannot help but award such youths from the district. which has brought pride not only to the District, but to the state as a whole.
During his visit to Nyingchi, Xi, 68, also visited the Nyang River, known as the Brahmaputra River in India, or Yarlung Zangbo to Tibetans.
The hospital was treating a patient from Kalimpong who died on Tuesday, the report said.
The Kaladan Multimodal Project with Myanmar worth T 2.904 crore, the Agartala-Akhaura Railway Project with Bangladesh worth T 1.100 crore, the India-Myanmar-Thailand Trilateral Highway worth T 1.548 crore are the major projects in the region. the North East as the center of India's 'neighbourhood' and Act East Policy.
“If the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District goes to open the doors, the Deputy Commissioner and the office should take the initiative. “We will not remove the road until the NHAI has repaired the road,” said Bah Streamly.
The border dispute between our state and neighboring states/countries which our government has approved a give and take policy for the final decision which will surely be a loss to us because we don't want to cross the border to the villages of neighboring states/countries.
Shillong: A fire broke out in the house of Dr W. Kharshiing, owner of Woodland Hospital Shillong, Kharmalki this morning.
Teacher, Good Shepherd Sec.School, Ladrymbai- Ma Adiam U Bthuh Scoutmaster of Jowai Open Unit, Jowai and Kong Deigracia War Asstt.
The Prime Minister said the Political Affairs Committee (PAC) headed by President Dr WR Kharlukhi, Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong, James Sangma, Sniawbhalang Dhar and himself have discussed the issues related to the issue. related to the activities of the party.
Among the children who were arrested by the police, three were minors who were supported by Bernard and were studying at Edenbari School and Auxilium Convent School in Tura.
By taking the next steps in this journey, we are now working towards 'sampoorna swachhta'
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 27: The voters of Mawkyrwat and Ranikor constituencies, today turned out early in the morning to cast their votes for the election of the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly. The 2023 elections will be held in the State of Meghalaya.
At the same time, the CEM said that the EC has also decided to appoint a Chartered Accountant (CA) who is qualified to train or guide the officers and employees of the Finance Department in the management of the Finance Department. and accounting for the Council's funds.
By fold-10 am to 1.
The Government will receive the royalty and the challan.
These dry rice can be cooked like the live rice but it takes longer to cook; but it can be stored in this manner for many days without rotting.
In a statement, the JSU Shillong Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen said that it has received information that when 108 employees of Assam protested against the GVK in Assam, there was no protest. The salary cut from the employees and here in Meghalaya is very slow.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the three groups, NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU, in a meeting held on 09th November 2024, has announced to intensify their protest from of 13 November 2023 and indefinitely; regarding the negligence of the Vice Chancellor, NEHU.
Jezebel was the daughter of Ithobaal of Tire and the wife of King Ahab of ancient Israel.
HSPDP President KP Pangniang said, “I personally informed the MDA meeting regarding the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 and there was a discussion. long on this issue.
To earn righteousness means to eat only what we earn with our own labor.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on 22nd October told the Members of the Legislative Assembly that the PWD in relation to the construction of the road including the construction of the road has been constructed according to the rules. The Indian Road Congress (IRC) was established.
Furthermore, the union said that since the installation of these speed breakers, it has caused a lot of traffic jam.
Shillong, November 12: The CSWO has demanded that the law enforcement agencies should immediately punish the Sordar of Mawkhli Village, Blestar Wahspeh, for allegedly involvement in the rape of the four children of Kong Kong Tmondaris. Nongbri and Bah Spolin Wah by holding their report cards or results and announcing that they have been expelled.
On the other hand, the group will give its full support to the current Acting Syiem, in order to achieve the objectives that are still pending to date related to its own. Province.
If found guilty of violating the law, they will be punished under section 188 IPC, 1860 and under the specific provisions of the Relevant Rules/Acts. Orders such as the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, the Air'.
Other sources said that the state government has directed all those who are in Bethany Hospital, from 22nd October 2020, to immediately call
To expedite the operations and to provide and eliminate all the shortcomings, the Seng will close down the bank if it cannot provide the services as expected by the public.
He said the news has caused opposition from many legislators of various countries, as Japan is also preparing to host the G7 summit. in January.
Nan Polok is one of the tourist attractions in the city and in 2002 it was taken over by the Forest Department.
Banshai Marbaniang has placed a letter on the desk of the Managing Director (MD) of MCAB Ltd.
Shillong: Dozens of people have suddenly fallen ill this morning after coming from a morgue in Nonghali village.
BB Lyngdoh's father did not agree to support Rev. Roy, but his wife supported his request.
This is still too low to achieve herd immunity.
Shillong: The Sohra Labor Union, Sohra wishes all the workers of Sohra and Meghalaya a happy International Labor Day. May you be healthy with the blessings and care of the Lord.
He also reminded the State Government that there is no rule if any group can be declared as a terrorist organization.
“In the second phase, about 50 specialists and 70 medical officers will be appointed,” she said.
The same is true of hospitals.
Donkupar Sumer MDC Umsning Constituency, Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC of Umsning Constituency, promised to allocate in the future to help in reducing the cost of labor as much as possible and urged the Government to turn immediately to young children who have talent.
It came into force on 23 September
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (WJU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit invites all farmers to attend the celebration of the 31st Foundation Day of the Hills Farmers Union on 13th June 2023 at Ummulong Community Hall (Madan Khawang). at Ummulong Village, West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
“It's too much,” said the father. “It's too much.” The mother agreed. “When the work is done, I'll tell you again,” said the father. “Why don't you tell me now, father? " asked the mother, “If you want to tell me, I will tell you.
Those who surround us say – Sing here the songs of your Zion.
“If the Government is not willing to send hundreds of thousands of police to the BOPs and OPs on the border with weapons and a clear order, we demand that the Government should send them. They have armed themselves with weapons such as guns, bullets and other weapons to the people on the border to protect their land and their lives because as it is now, the Meghalaya Police is not trusted. " complained the organization.
A mixture of meat and cereals even if you are among those who avoid eating meat is enough to meet the protein needs of the body.
The District Level Youth Exchange Program 2023 was held at the Kiang Nangbah College Auditorium in Jowai on Tuesday.
In this way, the social situation has improved from one year to another until it has been necessary to clean up in every village.
According to police, she was walking upstairs at the International Hospital Guwahati and the hospital authorities called the police and handed her over to them. She was taken to Dispur Police Station at 9.30 am. At 10.20 pm, Dispur Police said she wanted to go to the toilet and between 10.20-10.30 pm, it was found that she committed suicide, she said.
At the same time, he said that the suspension of the implementation of the scheme has started since the creation of the Eastern West Khasi Hills, as there are many villages which have been included in the Eastern West Khasi Hills. It is located in the West Khasi Hills.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 756 in a single day, bringing the total to 10,779, the highest in the world. other.
The ANC also told the Commission that QR Codes have been installed at these places to ensure that a team of police chiefs and security personnel will visit these places.
Jowai, Lber 24 : The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) today launched the All Jaintia Open Boxing Championship 2023 in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia. Hills District, Jowai.
Conrad was speaking on the last day of the Wangala Festival.
At the end of the meeting, Pastor K.Syiemlieh cut the jubilee cake.
Shillong, July 7: The MLA & MDC of Sohra Constituency has refused to open a Youth Center in Sohra due to the inability of the Minister of State in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs. Youth Centre.
“You are the 'Amrit Rakshaks' of this 'Amrit Kaal'," he said.
As a person who has also worked in the society, Bah Shullai said that there should be a change in the state otherwise the society will face many problems.
The Apphira Archery Committee would like to take this opportunity to thank the Deputy Commissioner's Office for giving permission to hold this rongbiria, the Center Point Group of Enterprise (CPGE) and also the The Shillong Recreation Ground Trust and the Shillong Sports Association have been asked to use the Polo Ground.
Earlier, the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronie, said that the government has not yet taken the names of the land dealers to register as it is still looking for land.
According to police sources, at 5:30 pm on Tuesday, the Mawdiangdiang Out Post received a tip from the contractor of the Institute of Science and Bio Resource (ISBR) Umsawli. The three rooms occupied by the Chowkidar at the site – which is located on the first floor of the building where the work has been completed.
He said that the Committee will continue to allow more documents to be verified from the Shnongs, Raids and Himas, as the Committee has to read and provide them first. to meet with the Regional Committee of the Government of Assam and if necessary, the Regional Committee will convene another meeting to clarify the documents before reaching the second stage on the demarcation between the Assam Government and the Assam Government. Assam and Meghalaya, he added.
Police said they received a tip-off at about 4 pm about the incident.
“I can no longer just look at the suffering of the people, I have left my job as a doctor which I have served for about 18 years in government hospitals where I have also served Mawhati PHC and Umtrai PHC. “I want to change the situation of Mawhati Constituency which has been neglected and abused too much. My soul is no longer allowed to serve only as a doctor, but to treat the backwardness of the constituency as a whole,” he said. Dr Saralin so that the legacy of her father who was also a former minister in the government during the Congress rule can be preserved and monitored once again.
Before the closing ceremony, a short meeting was conducted by Samla Makenson Marbaniang, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU Mawlai Circle.
Nongpoh, Nailar 26: The SSKAPB today opened the two day Sports Meet of the Assisi Catholic Youth Association Parish Byrnihat. Parish Byrnihat.
The NHAI tax collection point in Lumshnong has resumed collecting taxes from vehicles after the closure of the NHAI.
In India, there are more than 30 states and Union Territories where elections are held from year to year and month to month.
Dr. Kevichusa spoke on the principles of Bethany Hospital, which include the spirit of helping, healthy care and hard work for the betterment and stressed the need for the spirit of helping in He also praised the hospital for taking steps to have a spirit of helping not only to understand the suffering of others but also to have the spirit of helping. and treatment delivery.
Shillong, June 10 : The Election Commission of India (ECI) today recognized the Voice of the People Party (VPP) as a state party.
In fact, it is we journalists who should have found out about these corruption of the government in the spending of public money.
The story of this day is that some leaders and members of the CoRP together with some of the people, have already prepared placards and flags, with the intention of taking them to the MeECL office. Umiam, but at such a time, the Magistrate from Ri Bhoi and Police Umiam, who managed to stop the protesters, called for talks only. to some of the leaders of the rebel group.
When we reveal this, he is sorry, he is sorry.
Earlier, the CBI had alleged that the suspects had incited the sevaks to destroy the Muslim mosque, which has been there since the 1970s.
A passerby identified as Lakhan Singh sustained minor injuries to his leg due to the snowflakes.
They also found that he had deposited insurance worth T.1.1 crore and other deposits worth T.10 crore and T.7.5 lakh was also recovered from his safe at the office desk. , which has T.2,000 and T.500 tickets.
It is suspected that the ship capsized near the Senkaku Peninsula.
The thief, when he took their goods, did not leave even the head of the child to cover his head.
In the election for the CEM of the GHADC, the GHDC group received 16 votes. In the 29-member Assembly, the Shongknor did not cast his vote. Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has appointed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, as part of the efforts to curb the spread of Covid-19 especially in Shillong. , he called a meeting of the MLAs of the seven constituencies.
They received a tip about the disappearance of the child on the 2nd of this month and during the investigation, it was found that the child knew two women from Sohkymphor and Nongjngi.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) on Tuesday denied that there is formalin in the fish. He said that this allegation is false without facts.
Acts 16:16-1
Picco has agreed to play the piano at the concert not only to open the door for young music lovers in the area but also to promote the education of those with disabilities in the state. Executive Director of Bethany Society Carmo Noronha told reporters.
Then how many people were arrested.
Jesus did not come to earth as a man, but as a human being and Jesus recognizes and accepts women as fellow human beings, stands and pleads with them.
Replying to this, he said, “Last year, we decided to have a corpus fund to address this issue, and I am pleased that the state government has released up to T.79 crore. to provide assistance in this regard, but the salaries of all the teachers are not enough.
Mohammedan Sporting, meanwhile, have six points.
“This will help those from Laitmynsaw and Nongpyiur as well as those from Mawklot, Nongumlong, Umlyngka and Kynton,” he said.
Risanlang Dkhar scored two hat-tricks to lead Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiah to a 9-1 goal against Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong in the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday. Thursday at Kiang Stadium.
“Yes, it's you” agreed the longkmie. “It's been 10 hours and 2 hours since I got the signal. good hour.
In a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Nilanjan Bhattacharjee said that Chaubey was conducting these corrupt activities through unclean tenders and the distribution of tenders.
She said that many Garo who come to work and study in Shillong have to stay in expensive houses, which has created problems for the Garo who come from low income families. .
He also urged the members of the Bharat Scouts-Guides to be people who walk with love for themselves, love for their fellow human beings and when love rules there is peace and harmony.
He said that in KHADC and in the government, the same parties are in power but why do they ignore these Bills sent by the Council and this is a violation of their statement to strengthen the Councils when they have not yet. understand the laws.
The match throughout the match was very strong, and even after extra time, no goal was scored.
It is said that the sound of the tari, or like a sword, is the loudest sound in NASA's research and now it is up to the scientists to find out whether it is the sound. it is the one who comes from your thymmei.
All Social Media platforms are requested to refer to the Voluntary Code of Ethics issued on 20th October, 2019 in this regard.
Also present on the occasion were MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew, Rangbah Shnong of Lummawbah, Bah Everest Thangkhiew, office bearers. Law Lyngdoh Sports Club and others and the festival will close on the 2nd June
“We are higher than the Commission, we are empowered by the Constitution of India,” he said. .
Thus, after 42 months or 1260 days, there will be 1290 days.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar said, “It is a proud day for the people of this state, while taking part and witnessing the unveiling of the statue of this great man. tribute to the brave soul of Tirot Sing Syiem for his dedication and sacrifice.
I Dr.S.R.Rao, Professor, Biotechnology & Bioinformatics Dept.
“The meeting also decided to withdraw the security forces from various places in the area,” he said.
Bah Roykupar said that through the footage taken at the school, it was seen that the students were shooting at each other due to the overcrowding which could lead to the injuries.
Joe said they will look into the laws that the government will prepare in the coming days before they meet again.
This has caused difficulties to the residents in transportation, especially to the sick, so that even four wheel vehicles are no longer able to travel on this road.
Samla Aitirilis Lyngdoh, one of the youths of Umsamlem, said that Umsamlem is about 15 km from Nongpoh and 9 km from Umsning C&RD Block. Umsamlem village was first settled by Koharam Sangma and his wife in 1944, and it was after the settlement of Thomas Hajar Singh Syiemiong and his wife Eskil Lyngdoh from Mawsyntai. The name Umsamlem was given by Thomas Hajar Singh Syiemiong from the stream which passes through Rongpharkong village and connects with the Umran river which is about 1km long and since these years the village has grown steadily. par parum equal.
During the meeting, the RBPM leaders discussed the problems of the people regarding the deterioration and congestion of the road in Umsning due to the delay of the NHAI to work on the road. Umsning Bye-Pass.
It will benefit 72,000 thousand residents, including water wells.
She said she went to the area after receiving information that government officials had come to survey and were also conducting a survey in Mawdiangdiang area.
“When I say this, I don't mean that I want to fight or argue against anyone but it is my feeling,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by NPP 1-Nartiang Block Constituency President Hamkom Kynriam and started with a prayer by TBn.
At 12:30 pm, female policemen from Sadar Police Station came to check the body of the woman.
From now on, the patrol in Gujarat has been reduced from 80 kilometers to 50 kilometers and in Rajasthan, the distance will remain the same at 50 kilometers.
We should not be concerned about those who sell the body.
He obtained distinction in English, Mathematics, Physics, Khasi, Chemistry and Biology with 468 marks out of 600 marks.
The meeting was attended by Rangbah Shnong, leaders of various civil society organizations and vehicle unions.
According to the government, the acceptance of Municipal vehicles does not mean that it will struggle to bring them into the Municipal area but they will remain under the jurisdiction of the District Council in the Scheduled Area.
Synrem said they have been informed that the DC will convene a meeting with the SCB leaders on the issue on 30th June.
After discussions between the two sides, it was decided that the Pnars who used to farm in the areas under Karbi Anglong will start going back to the fields from the 21st of this month.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Martis Lyngdoh Thabah, President Mahila Congress Sohiong said, “We have come here to demand from the Prime Minister and the President of the MPCC that they should not HDR Lyngdoh, our MLA, should be removed from office because he has nothing to do with the incident at Marvelene Guest House,” said Martis.
After the breaking of the bread, the Ïadaw Charoh ceremony was also held.
Syngkon asked regarding the number of employees in the Council as of 31 May 2023 and it was replied that there are 1202 employees.
This is the last example and the government will decide how to act,” said Pynshai.
“We have directed the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids, Elaka, Village Authorities to monitor the entry of foreigners and to inform the Syiem, District Council or Police if they find or find any foreigners. “It's a statement that the EC hasn't done anything,” said the CEM. He denied the allegation by the chairman that the EC has not done anything. indeed because the Council has taken this matter very seriously.
(3) This smart phone does not require a meter reader.
The Seng recalls that Bah Robert Kharshiing is another Rangbah who has carried the Lyngkor of the Jaitbynriew through the Seng KSU where he was also the President Rangbah from 1981 to , it was during the tenure of this Rangbah that the Blue Flag and the first Constitution of the party were drafted.
It also ordered T. Dkhar, Chairperson, Task Force Committee, to appear on the 27th for another hearing.
The suspect was identified as Mohammad Naved and confessed that there have been two Pakistani militants in India for about 12 days.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said that the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya have already prepared all the documents and other requirements for Scientific Mining. which is according to the present age and does not affect the environment.
