“We will hold meetings with the KHADC, JHADC, GHADC, Khasi Author Society and other groups.
On the day of Jesus' final entry into Jerusalem, the city was in an uproar and many people, especially the Jews, thought and believed that the Messiah had indeed arrived and that this Savior would triumph. against the enemy with sword and battle.
The DC of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order to these Government departments not to comply with the order of the High Court.
Although the match was very strong, Rangdajied FC unexpectedly scored another goal in the last minute, in the 90+1 minute through Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw. led the team to a 3-1 victory.
At the meeting, the President of the Youth Congress also said that the Congress party will come back to power in 2018 in the state.
Meanwhile, another football tournament known as the (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament organized by the WJDSA will start today (2nd November) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Delhi police have arrested the protesters, the report said.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have suddenly entered the Secretariat this morning.
As for the small workers like school teachers, asha, aganwadis, muster roll, contractors, farmers, sportsmen and unemployed youth, the government has counted them as dewthala and forgotten them. The state government often says that there is no money for their rights and demands from time to time.
Why do I say that! Because it is fragrant and people use it especially to spray over the clothes they wear to bring a fragrance to their clothes.
These include EGH: 7, EJH: 1, EKH: 20, RBD: 3, WGH: 4, WJH: 1 and WKH:
Besides the TMC leaders at the district level, hundreds of people from Ampati Assembly Constituency and South West Garo Hills attended the meeting.
On the same day, he also distributed checks worth 92.60 lakh tyngka to 161 farmer groups in Rangsakona, South Garo Hills.
There are many teachers who are members of the union who have retired from their jobs since previous years and have not received any special honor from the union.
According to Cedric Starr, “prophets are advocates for righteousness and truth and to them righteousness is the basis or tool used by people to measure and to use for fair and just judgment...The prophets stand for the people and are the voice for the oppressed.
Furthermore, 92 5.56 mm, 129 7.62 mm and 160 9 mm bullets were recovered from the pla jri, making a total of
Rohit Ray scored 40 runs off 32 balls and Chotelal Gupta scored 25 runs off 32 balls.
“KHNAM will support any party that has the same problems in terms of issues related to the party,” he said.
“We request the Government to take action on these issues and we don't want to see teachers take to the streets again to protest on these issues as it will affect the school and the education of the students.
Vinay was named Man of the Match at Raj Bhawan.
The drivers of the four buses said that they cannot earn their living on this day as they are still under the jurisdiction of the government.
As the overseers of the plans to implement the NEP, we ask some of the following questions: How can some colleges run the old course while others run the NEP? 2020? isn’t this an attempt at division? Wouldn't this make it difficult for the youth when it comes time to seek admission elsewhere or to apply for jobs? Has NEHU been able to conduct the examinations and announce the results on time with the introduction of the NEP? Even now, many students have dropped out of school because of the delay in the results.
They also said that the daily power outage of MePDCL in the area has put in great trouble to the people especially those who work in the timber factories and many other jobs. with electricity.
Luke 21:20.
On this report, the Syiem Khynnah said he had no knowledge and had nothing to do with it and it was just an unfounded allegation against him and unfair.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Ms. VA Hynniewta, congratulated the District Commerce & Industries Centre, West Khasi Hills District for organizing the first District Level Industrial Exhibition in Eastern West Khasi Hills District. Local entrepreneurs and talented people from the region and the state as a whole, have been given the opportunity to showcase their talents.
Nongpoh: Former General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Ri Bhoi District, Bah Lawrence Nongrum, who has recently announced that he has left the party, has left the party. Macdalyne S.Mawlong, today announced that all those who left the UDP, have joined the NPP, in order to support strongly Kong Macdalyne S.Mawlong. Mawlong, who will also be the candidate of the NPP in Nongpoh Constituency.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Kharlukhi said that the NPP in the last MLA elections has won the most votes in the state and also the MLAs. “The vote share is the vote share in this election,” said Dr. Kharlukhi.
Donkupar Sumer MDC of the UDP Umsning said that earlier the EC had promised to exempt the MDC scheme from GST but now all the schemes of the MDCs have to pay GST. Opposition MDCs Teinwel Dkhar UDP MDC from Shella constituency, Teilinia Thangkhiew of HSPDP, Lamphrang Blah of Congress, Process T Sawkmie of Congress, Samlin Malngiang of HSPDP and others.
All the market residents of Khlieh Iewduh area from the fish traders, parking lot workers and villagers came out to clean up the area.
JOWAI: The Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Raij Mukhla has come to an end on Thursday with the arrival of 10 rots at the Biar of the Raij Mukhla from different parts of the Raij Mukhla. .
According to a statement, the KSU said that the deterioration of the NH44 especially in the Lad Rymbai area, poses a serious threat to the health of the passengers due to the heavy traffic jam on the road.
We cannot rely on the IITs to solve problems in terms of expansion, capturing economic opportunities and managing logistical issues.
If you find such a one, and if you grow it, you may be able to produce a variety of rice that is free from death.
Lumshyrmit village is home to the beautiful Latang Falls, Thwai Thlen Valley, Labit Cave and beautiful nature. The world and nature lovers come to Lumshyrmit village and enjoy themselves with nature.
On the part of Prof Ceclile Mawlong and Dr. CAR Diengdoh, they also distributed the momentos to the 23 first graduates of the College.
(T.in crores).
Shillong: A commercial taxi (ML 05 N 7853) collided with another vehicle at Sawmer, Upper Shillong on Tuesday morning. Two persons were killed and two others injured in the incident when they were on their way from Bañiun to Shillong when they collided with a truck passing in the same direction. was seriously injured.
Pynïaid said he had also had a phone conversation with the CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) where he urged for cooperation and understanding and there should be no problems for the people living in Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). who live on the border with Karbi Anglong.
It is not your responsibility to think of many churches.
The NPP has been more committed to winning the Best Startup State in India and will continue to improve its guidance to entrepreneurs, the Peoples' Document said.
Panaliar Village has warned against those who pollute the MCH facilities and also against those who throw garbage within the boundary of the village.
The Khasi language is one of the least recognized languages ​​in India or in the North East compared to Assamese, Bengali, Nepalese or even Manipur and Bodo. These have been more than the Khasi language in the Central Government.
“But let me tell you the truth.
AYUSH treatment will continue to spread across the State through other hospitals supported by the Ministry of Ayush of the Union Government.
“As usual, the High Level people used to come and knock on the door of the traders and say that the vehicle will be released if you give so much, but now that knocking has stopped but almost everyone is still waiting. “I'm waiting for the Chief Justice to retire and I think what will happen later you will see when the Chief Justice retires,” he said.
There were 711 children who took part in the tournament in three Baby Leagues.
These winemakers expressed their gratitude to Bah Michael Syiem who fought for the legalization of wine making from soh”.
Mawthadraishan, June 15: Mawthadraishan Hill, which is a popular tourist destination in West Khasi Hills District, has now taken on a more beautiful appearance with the construction of new tourist attractions.
“We have decided to contest because the voice of the people comes and we need to walk according to the voice of the people and that is why I am taking part in this MDC election,” said Bah Lambor. They have registered to contest from Nongkrem.
If this was the Khasi religion, this incident would not have happened.
Shillong, Lber 18: BSF troops and police have seized a large quantity of sugar from a house in Rongra South Gao Hills District on the border with Bangladesh. more than shiphew thousand pieces of silver.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 22,000 and the number of infections to 5 lakh.
Bengal has 23 districts.
The Supreme Court's decision came after the increase in deaths and injuries in road accidents in the country due to drunkenness.
It is to be recalled that the Christian Multimedia Ministry of the KJP Synod Sepngi was launched in 2012, and since that year there has been a channel called Good News TV. From 2020 onwards, 30th July 2022, the KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Assembly has launched its own channel on Local Cable. Network or Channel 278.
“It is very important that MeECL does not take responsibility for the problem of lip light which every time if a complaint or complaint is given to Khliehriat and this answer has been for decades. Engineers are those who have passed the lip light or those who have received the degree in the wrong way. I challenge those who have passed the right path. The RTI should be requested to find out whether the engineers who are working are those who have passed the examination or are unfairmean. “Look at the bill, they don't know how to count, even the Lower Primary children are still counting. Meghalaya is a Christian state where an officer wants to become a rich man like Ambani and a grade four chief. crore sanction money spend only 1 crore to shoot like thlem 9 crore phuit to shoot how they don't hesitate to get a job before you die you don't know because of the lynga money you don't know how to breathe. “There is still a lot of strength and power in the riders. When they approach it, they go to find others to change their minds,” said the SMS.
TDCA scored 196/10 and 200/2 while WKH scored 106 runs for the loss of all wickets in the first innings.
According to the letter, it was started in 1968 and now they feel the need to have their own fully fledged Dorbar Shnong and they have done many things to bring benefits to the village including the improvement of the village. This center has helped and provided support in times of crisis especially during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Single Window Agency may block or authorize any group or individual wishing to open factories such as dewbilat, mining, or coke factories.
In another event, Arthur Fils of France won his first ATP Masters 1000 title with a victory over Argentina defeated Juan Manuel Cerundolo 6-1, 1-6, 6-4
Ardent Basaiawmoit's decision came 10 days after the Meghalaya government ordered the closure of all schools in the state and urged the people of the state to refrain from public gatherings to prevent the spread of the disease. The spread of Corona Virus.
Other decisions taken by the EC today include the establishment of a Planning Committee which Deputy CEM Teinwell said will be a Sub-Committee within the Planning Department of KHADC. He said that the committee has existed since ancient times but it is only to revive it. Giving an example of the duties of the committee, Tein said that it is a committee that the Village Administration Bill and others.
He said the North Eastern Council should focus on issues related to employment and train the youth.
When I showed the film Mother Theresa at the Soso Tham Auditorium, I saw the film of Purno Sangma (Late) speaking in Parliament.
So once he left the sport, he took over as manager and in the next 30 years he was able to produce talented players who have succeeded in their sport in the tournaments. both in the country and abroad.
St Peter's HSS has won 17 Gold, 15 Silver and 12 Gold medals. that Rnong medal.
She said that it is due to the lack of attention of the Lyngdoh that there have been conflicts between the two villages regarding the border and also regarding the holding of the Mela. it is because of an incomplete boundary.
“We have lodged a complaint against the misuse of a road, bridge, river or canal under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code and against the damage to public property under the Prevention of Damage to Public Property. Act, 1984,” said a police chief from Gamdevi police station.
He said that an MLA who is still waiting for work orders is not a leader but a businessman and who takes advantage of being a leader to get the power to issue work orders to himself.
The vice principal said that there is another course which does not have enough equipment to be used for training and he said that the reason for the delay in getting those equipment is due to this pandemic where people who should have been trained These items have to be quarantined in each state until they reach their destination.
Speaking to reporters, Garod LSN Dykes, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, said that the road has been inspected in 2019 and Assam has also inspected the road. The District authorities have been informed and this is an old road and not a new one.
My victory will be the victory of Maheh Don, long live the name and yours the people of Sohiong,” he added.
The UDP MDC said that all the three national parties, including KHNAM, UDP and HSPDP, are weak and weak. He said that the Congress, which the people have loved and trusted, will now sleep for a while and the BJP, which has now risen across India, will sleep for a while. I've been ruling India for many years, but here in Meghalaya, this party shouldn't be in a hurry but it will wait for a while. , because only in 2019 should the MP be elected to the Lok Sabha.
The interview will be held on 9-2-2024 at 11:00 AM at the DCIC office, Jowai.
Hundreds of women and elders from Ialong village have joined the UDP party and decided to give their full support to Ma Moonlight Pariat.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has informed that the Assam Chief Minister will visit Shillong on 23rd November 2021 and the two Chief Ministers will discuss the border issue.
The book will be launched by the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Titos Chyne on Monday, November 2, 2020 at 4 pm. conference hall of KHADC. This collection of poems contains snaps of the king, nature, children's games, the glory and reputation of Sohra, the footprints of the old man, and also about the past, present and future.
“The exchange of fire started between the militants and the joint team of Army and Police received a tip-off about the presence of militants sent by Kupwara Police in the area. Friday of the LoC of Kupwara district.
Shillong: The Supreme Court of India has appointed Bah Hamarsan Singh Thangkhiew as the new Judge of the Meghalaya High Court.
Wailamiki Shylla, MLA Jowai, said that following the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in West Jaintia Hills District and Jowai, the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to set up two oxygen plants. including Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong and Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Panaliar, Jowai.
Bah Pasi said that this Act is illegal, in which the owner of the house and the tenants, have to swear by making an affidavit.
They said that the relevant authorities and these vendors should arrange together so that the people who come and go will not face any problems.
The deceased was wearing a scarf, a blue shirt and slippers.
We need to give the committee time to process all the facts.
BSF troops have arrested him and conducted a thorough investigation.
“So far, only one MLA has expressed his desire to contest from the VPP and he will join the party soon.
However, Gabriel Wahlang, Congress candidate, was accompanied by HDR Lyngdoh, N.Nongdkhar and others. in Nongstoin, he was a disciple of Gabriel.
“We have directed various government departments to provide detailed information on the land acquisition and payment of land fee to the land owners within 10 months,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
We understand that there is something behind the political struggle, but we understand that they should not do politics with the issue of the jaitbynriew, because as the Sengbhalang we cannot wait for this delay by the government. , where they want to see the place to prevent the entry and exit of the mynder and at the same time so that they know how far it can prevent the infiltration of the mynder, he added. .
They also strongly criticized the violence of the current leaders, such as the dissolution of the HSPDP, WKH, the Mairang Area unit which was newly appointed before the mid-term elections to the KHADC. It is clear through the defeat of the party candidate in the by election to the KHADC who received only 879 votes. to 2018? concluded the statement from the volunteers.
In the fight against the robbers, the Longkmie, who fought alone, sustained serious injuries to her legs and hands, which also allowed the robbers to easily rob the robbers. The money, which the Longkmie has just received from the bank.
The 24th July 2022 is a memorable day as the Meghalaya High Court has dismissed all the cases related to the income generation activities of the market vendors.
It is up to administrators how they can think rationally when conducting such programmes.
Referring to the appointment of many Advisers for the Prime Minister and the Government as well as the appointment of Chairman, Vice Chairman, Co-Chairman in government departments and departments, Bah Adelbert said that this has been done. the government is only for the benefit of a few.
The HITO said that the Operation Theater will still be needed to provide services to the patients and the hospital does not have an Anesthesia Doctor.
He said that peace has returned and the government has tried to bring peace by working with many groups to bring peace.
Therefore, the US sale of weapons and ammunition to Taiwan will help Taiwan to protect its border if it has to cross the border. invasion by foreign powers as Ukraine has experienced during this period.
Lapang was speaking at the 50th Anniversary Celebration of the HSDP at the State Central Library, Shillong on Saturday.
Replying to a question by NPP MLA James K Sangma, the minister said the government has no intention of conducting a survey of animals.
When inquiring into the incident, the Amlanai Village Authority in the past two or three days has arrested the smugglers of cows to Bangladesh. The village authorities have sent them to Amlanai village where they have tortured them and handed them over to the police.
Five persons have been arrested from Nagaon and Morigaon districts of Assam on the 8th of this month for allegedly involvement in provide and distribute SIM cards to members of the Pakistani intelligence service.
As the party, we have decided to work together for the restoration of peace and stability in the state.
The Minister said that all the households in Changthang area have received drinking water through the JalJeevan Mission (JJM).
The union also requests the government to visit and provide urgent assistance through the Relief Fund as soon as possible, as it has affected the farmers.
These children were led by S. Barman who was the National Referee of the championship which started from 17th to 20th March.
However, he often tells and teaches that we must prepare our lives to fight as much as we can to please the Creator while we are alive in this world because we do not know on what day we will leave this world. world.
Nongpoh: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Nongpoh, has issued an order to remove Bah Ioannis Narleng as Rangbah Shnong and replace him with Bah Jermy. The Lyngdoh of Raid Marwet, Bah Ioannis Narleng, on Saturday convened a public meeting inside the village to explain the issue. the law of the Hima Mylliem.
In the Bible we do not find that young or old.
From time to time, the Auditor General has directed the department to appoint an audit team within the department to oversee and resolve the issues. or.
She also alleged that the summons sent by the Enforcement Directorate of the CM to her nephew and TMC leader Abhishek Banerjee on charges of involvement in extortion. appointment in a school as well as in another case related to the existence of cattle trade, and said that this is just an act of violence against this leader.
The dictionary explains that mar-ioh-ei is something that is not paid for.
The body was immediately taken to Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat for postmortem and the rest of the body was handed over to the family members for further investigation.
If you choose them, you will face a loss of electricity for many hours and a high electricity bill that will consume your income.
Even if the Jews or Israelites do not accept him, or recognize Jesus, the time is near when they will mourn for him one day, because the Word said – “They shall look upon me. whom they crucified ... they shall kill him.
Jowai, Nailur 25: On the opening night of the Teremadre in Turin, Italy, a march started from Valentino Park to the square of Turin in which tens of thousands of people including members of the all over the world are taking part.
I don't know if you've ever thought about this one verse, where God chose Cyrus, a Gentile, from a land far away from Persia, to lead the Jews to “So I believe that God has put us in this world for a purpose, which He has and my faith is what leads me to fight for the seat to become The President” said Vivek.
According to officials, the ATS of Gujarat had filed a complaint in 2018 and a special court of the NIA in Ahmedabad had decided that sent by the investigation team.
In this way, the Khasi sent Rangbah Kur to appear before the Hima Dorbars, such as the Marwein in the Nongstoin Hima, the Kharshiing in the Mawphlang Hima, the Nongrum in the Sohra Hima and the Marbaniang. the Shyllong Hima and now the Mylliem Hima.
When asked, the CM said, “Especially when it comes to scams, the word jyrsieh has been used whenever there is anything and anything that happens, you know they have turned it into jyrsieh.
“The Congress leaders have learned to throw stones and have spoken inconsistent words and the people should not allow the Congress which wants to destroy the unity of the nation because we will get the unity of the people. victory in this time".
“However, many of the places are not suitable for garbage dumps,” said Bah Sniawbha.
He said that Maieid Hoping's pressure on him to contest the election is not just a one-time speech but a speech from time to time. In 2009, when I contested the MDC election from Mairang Constituency, I asked my husband where people would recognize me and I don't have any money. " said the king.
Then there are the youth, who came forward to support Gogoi at a very difficult time in the life of Gogoi and his family as a whole.
Conrad also did not forgive the parties in the MDA government, which have criticized the NPP even though they are working with it in the MDA government. The Khasi and Garo do not have the same diet.
The Member of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC), Abhijit Kro, who leads the Chinthong constituency, was also present in the presence of officers from the Forest Department of the KAAC. A short meeting was held at Mawbah of the Khatar Kur held by the MLA and MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar.
Syngkon was arrested on charges of burning down a sericulture farm in Ummulong.
There are also those who think that being godly in the eyes of others is a useful way or to get rich quickly by being good or godly in the eyes of others.
In the midst of her confession on the day she returned and informed herself before the police, in the presence of her relatives, it was clear that the child, who is now 18 years old, Alicia Navarro's shisha.
The increase in the price of food and beverages is also due to the large number of money collectors from meat and fish traders to vegetables and so on.
Speaking at a rally organized by the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) in Lilabari, Shah said that if the Citizenship Amendment Bill or CAB is not implemented, then Assam will suffer. jyllei and that poiwir shisngi.
The rice was seized during a search operation by Assam Police and the Kamrup (Rural) District Department.
“We need to talk about whether it is in any other area and I assure you that there will be no problem from it or an independent agency investigation,” he added.
:The Khasi film “Shukor” is directed and written by Ïai K Nongrum and was released on 16th November
There is a right to discuss or appeal to the court if you are not satisfied with any matter relating to the public.
The arrested were identified as David Dkhar (21) of Ladrymbai, Vicky Dhar (19) of Ladrymbai, Siantis Sana (34) of Mukhaiialong, Juni Phawa (25). year) from Mukhaiialong all over East Jaintia Hills District.
On the part of the teachers, Robertson Thangkhiew and Sophia Katrai, congratulated the students and encouraged them to continue their search for knowledge by referring to the digital services available.
They decided to leave the next evening.
He praised the work of the police and others.
To avoid being addicted to drugs, it takes a lot of time.
At the same time, he said that he has tried to look into the principles of work of various parties in the state, and found that only the HSPDP has the principles of work that can be released. and that the leaders have stood firm on these principles from the beginning until now.
Various groups that the journalists will meet with include the Assam Rifles, Assam Police, Tourism Department, AIIMS-Guwahati, IIT-Guwahati and others.
The kait produced by the farmers of Garo Hills is well known, but it has gained popularity in India and other countries with a market in Goalpara district of Assam as the largest market. tam in the Asian continent.
Kumar Sewa scored 34 runs from 28 balls and Steve Syiemlieh scored 30 runs from 22 balls.
He said that the NPP has tried to resolve all the differences with all the synrop groups that formed the MDA including the BJP. many phyllung but they came together to fight against them all.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Association of Power Engineers (MEECL) Meghalaya has demanded an inquiry into the failure of the department to generate electricity as it should. to find out who is responsible for this.
This is in response to the visit of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today to inspect the houses built at Lum Survey.
Regarding this allegation of misuse of JSU funds, the JSU demands that the DCA department of the state government should send a thorough investigation into the misuse of JHADC funds by the present EC to find out who is involved. involved.
Last month, Ricky Ponting said Australia would have to prepare well for the final as India were already stronger than them.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 2,4
Shillong, June 07: Meghalaya has confirmed 18 active cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya.
He said that the protest on the morning of 22nd November, 2022 was in protest against the 40 types of harassment by the Beat Forest workers of the Assam Government.
Shillong, Lber 02: Seven robbers led by an MPDA arrested robber have been arrested by the police after robbing a synsar trader in Mawkyrwat area.
The prison number 7, is where those who have been arrested sleep on the ground, but those who are older, are allowed to sleep on a wooden bed, but there is no bed at all.
Estarwell Lyngdoh – Bronze 4.
Rida's mother, because of her sympathy, said, “To khun iaishah, when you have paid your class fees, tell me... Whatever you need, tell me.
Bindo said the Rangbah Shnong should not rule only over the Rangbah but over everyone.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that they have not yet handed over the investigation to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with the shooting death of civilians in Mukroh village on 22nd November 2022 as they have to implement the decision taken by the governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
“The presence of these species of birds is a great blessing to the people that perhaps this place will also become a tourist destination for the arrival of these birds, to increase the income of the people in this area. " said Mr. Alos.
At the same time, HANM has urged both the leaders of the two constituencies, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Leader of Mawkyrwat and Bah Pius Marweiñ, Leader of Ranikor to speak out on this issue. so that the attempts or schemes of the Government of India will fail.
Ah! If the disease comes in 2022, our leaders and candidates will die like a firebrand.
(2) The amendment of paragraphs 12A and 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule which means that the Government of India has ceased to have jurisdiction over the land, forests, mineral resources, which are rights of the people.
During the inspection, the union found that there is still a vacant area to relocate those shops which have gone too far on the road, but that is the opinion of NHAI and MeECL, because chess is the area. NHAI and later became the property of MeECL, so that it could help those Khasi Longkmie, who survived by selling shops in the area.
The one who was waiting in the cremation also threw himself in front of the cremation to shoot his friend.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also conducted a screening test for diabetes, tuberculosis and BP (Blood Pressure).
He said that the Rangbah Shnong Khasi has been shot by the Bengalis and today another Naga has been shot by the Meitei which has prompted the Meitei to threaten the Khasi to leave. I don't want to go to Meghalaya.
“We have requested another Rs 66 crore to meet the price increase and this will have to be produced by the state government,” he said, adding that about Rs 300 crore has been allocated for the project.
This includes your college ID (Shillong College), Badge, Charger, Bluetooth, Penrived+Otg.
The total number of voters in Shangpung District is
It is better for you to be merciful to your brothers and sisters than to be idle. and ye shall be ready for the work of the field.
As I said, we will ensure that all those involved will be arrested,” Conrad told reporters.
Similarly, it can be taken and not turned in relation to TB, he said.
“There has been a mass outflow of people to buy food items during the lockdown, therefore I appeal to the people not to worry about the food items because the government will They will be distributed to all the villages,” said Conrad K Sangma.
On the part of Ms. DD Syngai, who gave the opening speech, she explained the purpose of the program and informed that the linking of Aadhar with EPIC has been done in accordance with the directives of the Election Commission of India. .
“We have seen that even people with disabilities come here to support Bah Ardent, especially you who are the leaders of our country. We have elected you, we beg you...come and support us the Khasi people.
He said that the election cannot be taken stingy because the election is a struggle and requires hard work, even though he has won many times from Pynthor.
Tiwari said the constituency with the highest number of voters is Mawlai with 50954 voters and Dalu with the lowest number of voters is 22398 people.
The main areas of cooperation in this MoU are: Sharing of knowledge and resources that will benefit the weavers and handicraft makers of the region to produce innovative handicrafts To promote the clothing and handicraft industry in the North East through various competitions related to design, Technology and Business.
However, it has not been able to achieve this goal due to the election.
For this reason, the people, both men and women, did not dare to stand nearby and the elders warned to stand to avoid injury.
The question is why this disaster has happened to these tens of thousands of people and why they didn't think about it, because they knew that what they were doing was harmful to the environment. “It is unfair and unlikely that one day, they will face problems,” said JCMDA leader B.Swer, President of the JCMDA.
Bah Francis SyiemliehMLA, WHAT DO YOU DO When you win elections – once, twice, seven times, many times? Me Laleh Aîu when the laws are still bad and bad, just like the roads and paths are still bad and bad, just like the roads and paths are in turmoil, in turmoil throughout life? Have you ever wondered why the law is so bad? Have you ever wondered who is violating the laws and regulations? Do you think that it is only the thieves who violate the law, yourself and your officers? Me Laleh Why are the roads still rough? MLA, do you ever wonder why the roads and paths are still rotten, small and small and still slow, instead of being stronger and better? Me Laleh Aîu, when the mountains and rivers are still bad—you allow the mountaineers (the parmaw miners) to destroy the lumbah-lumsan, they will carry and throw back what they have dug and destroyed like a 'dew pyut upon the streets of corruption, and then he shall wash away the 'lappraw ploiñ into the streets? Me Laleh Aîu when the fields and forests were still destroyed, when the planting was still slow and slow and slow, when the production of agricultural products from the country was still slow. Are you low? Have you ever done anything to immediately stop these illegal activities against the environment and agriculture? MLA, you are a legislator and a ruler, why do you encourage farmers to use with urea and other long-lasting plant medicines? Isn't it because you yourself are a beneficiary of the ill-gotten profits of the plant traders and the plant factories, so that you will act like an angel or a fool or a fool, but you are proud to be called an Honorable Minister or an Honorable MLA? Have You not Aptuh, You have apthok and You have apkjit like a ksaiñ, in a place where You have protected and ruled well the country and the nation? Or, do you still get more and more from such golden treasures of the khulom, to Aptuh, Apthok and Apkjit more and more? MLA, are you a god or a devil or a man? If you are a god, why do you destroy them? If you are a demon, why do you destroy it? If thou be a man, why dost thou strive? Please reply! Please answer because the world is still wicked and the goodness of people is still deteriorating to animals, and all this is because of you! Answer because the law has not been created.
However, there are other words related to education such as Institute or Institution can be called Shlempule, College can be called Sengpule and School can be called Senghikai.
This will end with a Reward and Recognition Summit, where 270 selected startups will receive cash prizes, certificates and admission to incubation and pre-incubation programmes.
Finally, there should be a spirit of love for each other as brothers and sisters so that the nation can grow in all aspects.
The KSU leader said that the government should listen to the grievances of the people affected by the social security crisis and not just ignore the voice of the people.
“We don't have any information regarding this incident and this allegation is an attempt to insult the KSU by some groups who take advantage because they know we came here to protect ourselves. of the nation," he added.
In a statement, the Dorbar Shnong, General Secretary, Bah L.Lyngdoh Kynshi, has issued a notice prohibiting the establishment of places to sell or drink drugs, alcohol or other illegal drugs. It is also prohibited to park vehicles at night in dark places or on the sidewalks of the village with the intention of selling or drinking drugs inside the vehicle. or to play music inside the vehicle at night as it disturbs the sleep of the residents.
There have been many witnesses that the introduction of this martial law has led to human rights violations in which even civilians have been insulted and attacked.
Rupang: Many people say that the BJP is anti-Christian, what is your opinion? Sanbor Shullai: Yes! No! No, the BJP is not anti-Christian.
Shillong: The Hindu religious leader, Mohan Bhagwat, on Tuesday said that Hinduism is not a religion, but a culture. the inheritance from the son of the king to the sons of the brother from one generation to another.
On the women's side, four goals were scored in the first half by Lalrinmawii alone in the 10th and 45+1 minutes, while Gladys scored two goals in the 10th and 45+1 minutes. He scored 10 goals for Mizoram.
The couple's separation came months after reports surfaced that Aishwarya would enter politics.
According to the Pastor, the fire started from the left side of the school which is also from a room without electricity and a room which is not used for anything but has been used as a school. place set ready set tar.
The request goes especially to pedestrians and drivers.
However, the sad thing is that in the middle of the road, the mother lost her life after the vehicle she was riding collided with a truck. A serious road accident has happened on Saturday last month in Mawmaram area.
All NFSA beneficiaries are also urged to provide their Aadhaar Number to the ration distributors for the smooth running of the ration distribution through the ePOS. Participants may immediately notify the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), EKHD, Shillong.
On the other hand, the DC said that she has sent these laws as an information to various villages especially in the border area, but the problem is that later it had to be translated into Khasi. request of the village authorities.
However, among those who filed their nomination papers today were former MLA Robinus Syngkon, Laitsing Shylla, Andrew Shullai and Moonlight Pariat. The NPP and many newly educated candidates including Dr. Sankey Shangpung from Iapmala, a sitting MDC from Iapmala, will contest against the sitting MDC. They are the famous Tymmen Basan, Joinriel Pyrtuh and Marshall Biam.
He has been appointed to produce and distribute the rice allocated under the National Food Security Act (NFSA) in the state but only a few people know about it.
At a meeting in Motphran on 4th October, the people decided to turn to the residence of two HSPDP MLAs, Bah Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan and Bah Methodius DKhar from Mawshynrut. The government and the ethnic parties will march to Raj Bhavan on the 7th to swear in Conrad K Sangma as Prime Minister.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 10: Leaders and supporters of the Hill Sate People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills District, after seeing through the media that Elizabeth Mathew Nongbri, who has admitted to herself, The founder of the North East Sunshine Trust (India) has sent a letter to Dr Jitendra Singh, Minister of State for Atomic Energy, to resume uranium mining in Meghalaya. They have strongly warned that they will not allow the mining of uranium in the state.
Two people from Tripura have tested positive for Covid-19 and are currently in Bikaner, Rajasthan.
HNYF Northern Region President Marcus Marten, Ground and Pound MMA Gym President Lansius Syiemlieh expressed their gratitude and appreciation to Anthony Syiem. and Bah Cores Marwein, for the name and honor he has brought to the state from the MMA tournament held in Dubai.
After the meeting from NEHU, the HYC youths laid flowers at Mawmot, State Central Library as a sign of remembrance of Tirot Sing Syiem.
It is on these basis that the District Councils shall pass laws.
His first visit to Shillong as the Prime Minister of the country has reminded him and especially the people of Meghalaya.
Therefore, regarding these misuse of development schemes in the village, we urge the higher authorities to take action to help and not to punish those involved in this corruption, because The misuse of schemes in the village has reached T.27, because as the village we have decided to fight hard for the benefit of the people of many churches, no matter how much anywhere, he added.
It is on this basis that this newspaper has gained the trust of the readers.
The union urges the state government to reject the proposal to auction MeECL to private companies and the union will continue to strongly oppose this. protests.
“It is necessary to see far ahead, experience is necessary and we have to give the best (that we have) for the citizens of the State and the country. .
In 1969, the search for Noah's ark was revived and an American team led by Harry Crawford and his father expected to receive about $10 million in donations. urged the people to continue in their struggle to find the ship.
Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah received 16679 votes while Samlin Malngiang received 13257 votes.
's store in NYC.The Met Gala is held annually in the first month of January and is attended by movie stars, filmmakers, directors, singers, volunteers, fashion designers and fashion designers. .
PWD XI beat Water Resources XI 2-1 in the 8th Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy which was organized by MSGEF Jaintia Hills Unit at Kiang. The stadium is on Tuesday.
(There is a saying in foreign languages, Human wants are unlimited).
The CBI has already set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate the incidents and bloodshed in Manipur since 3rd June.
The award ceremony, which has been going on for three years and four years, is because the party feels it is necessary to remember one of the heroes of the country who stood up and fought for the country. Woh Tep Kyndiat, who was also known and loved by the Seiñ Raij Tuber, has already erected a beautiful monument to him at Tuber Kmaishnong. Tourists from near and far come to see and climb the monument, according to a statement sent by the Jaintia Hills District Council. KSU Wapung Unit Publicity Secretary Luckystar Rymbai.
The man died after a tree fell on the house where they were sleeping.
Jowai, Jymmang 06: The Saphai Area today lodged an Ejahar against the Dhar Company after finding the inadequate construction of the Pasyih-Garampani road. Road'.
This is something wrong,” said Bah Suchiang.
Meanwhile, UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh said that the Congress' defeat in other states including Delhi will have a serious impact on the Congress in the MP elections.
He said the women reservation policy was initiated by the Congress and not by other parties.
On the other hand, Hek said the government is ready to strengthen the child care centers in three districts namely Shillong, Tura and Jowai.
Our explanation is based on the fundamental duties under Article 51(a) of the Constitution of India”.
Both the teams have been promoted to the SPL after securing a place in the First Division, where Sawmer won the elite club SPL last season by leading the SPL. Newcomer following in second place.
The HNLC has also said that the party does not stand against the students and their examinations, but it is a party that has tried to improve education in many ways.
Speaking at the VPP membership registration ceremony at Mount Calvary Parish Hall Rambrai, Bah Ardent said that the support of the VPP from the people across the country has made other parties afraid and sleepless. They understand that the people have turned to the VPP after seeing the work and principles of the party.
“In 29 years, her teaching has taught the value of manners and respect to the children and many children have passed 100 percent in the examinations,” he said.
The actions and behavior of men are not the same as the actions and behavior of God.
He said that this dorbar will shape the rule of law in the society and through this dorbar it will think how to improve the development of the village.
The meeting held on Sunday was mainly on the demands of the party groups, who were waiting for the result to be fair and for the Prime Minister to give a firm decision.
In addition, the complaint states that Diana, on January 5, informed her parents that she had an argument with other students over the irregularity of the meeting. congratulations to the students who had to leave the shlem.
You can check the posts through this link.
Deputy Inspector General of Police (TAP) Claudia Lyngwa on Tuesday said that through a phone seized from a member of the HNLC, Bah Storgy Lyngdoh, witness acts demanding money from many people.
The IGP is also on the rise, with 7 new cases.
The polling will be held on the 15th of June from 7 pm to 4 pm.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 8,5
He said that the government has many assistance for those who want to raise pigs or cows by encouraging the people to set up their own businesses through cooperative societies.
Those who fail to arrive on time will be fined 500 tyngka.
The HM should not serve the party but the people.
The former Governor, who resigned from his post, has been accused of assaulting a young woman who was interviewing for the post of PRO at Raj Bhavan and after this, about 100 employees. The Raj Bhavan has lodged a complaint with the President and the Prime Minister demanding that he should look into the actions of the Governor who has turned the Raj Bhavan into a party house for young girls. by the Young Ladies Club.
They said that when they make an affidavit they have to spend about T.200 tyngka and besides that those who come from the villages have to pay for travel expenses and food and drink not only for themselves but also for other friends. who introduced the lawyer to them.
AIS Suja“To save yourself!”.
This means that after 32 AD, Jesus Christ was no longer on earth, but ascended to heaven in a cloud.
He said that the signboard erection by the government was done without the approval of the land owners and proper boundary clearance and many farmland have been affected by this signboard erection.
The closing ceremony was conducted by the office bearers of the Club and all those who have participated as office bearers since its inception were invited.
In the 2nd Division, Riatsamthiah beat Jongksha 1-2
Khliehriat, Nailur 3: The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement sent to us today, announced that in accordance with the order of the High Court, Meghalaya and the letters issued from the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, letter No.EJHD/JUDL.55/PT.III/2022/17, Dated /65, Dated 17.06.2022 and No.EJHD/JUDL.55/PT.III/2022/160, Dated " and in the "Report on Assessment of Extracted Coal Stocks", to please submit the required forms and documents to the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat on or before the 16th of this month. September, 2022 along with the required documents as mentioned below for the auction of Coal.
The Khasi Hills is a beautiful country, with sharing areas, hills and valleys, where rivers flow and lush forests are witnesses that our ancestors have preserved and maintained them from one country. time to another.
One doctor is from Ganesh Das Hospital and two doctors are from Matti Corona Care Centre.
This was announced in a statement sent by Danny M Khyriem, Chairman of the Election Committee and Samuel B Jyrwa, Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union.
The village authority has lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) regarding the dumping of garbage in the village and hopes that the department will take immediate action.
After all these things have been fulfilled, Jesus Christ will rule for 1000 years here on earth, from Jerusalem.
Through the defeat of Saudi Arabia, she had to go home.
The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 15th November, 2023 aims to provide information to the people to achieve full implementation of sanitation schemes, services related to financial activities, electricity, and access to LPG cylinders, low-income housing, food security, access to nutritious food and healthcare offerings that can be trusted.
The President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit and other leaders of the party will explain to the public. The HSPDP, Ri Bhoi District, has requested all the residents of Ri Bhoi District from all four constituencies to come and witness this day.
Why do the Cement Factort Companies reject our young job seekers and allow only foreigners? The reason is that we are not united.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem was the chief guest and Macdalyne Mawlong, Umsning MDC was the chief guest. KSU North Khasi Hills District President Jayson Lenox Nongrum, HYC Ri Bhoi District President and Samson Teron President Karbi Students Association.
The DC said that he wants the DSC to give confidence to the students and needs their cooperation.
However, after the cleaning, the road to the village has started to become dirty again.
The Sengbhalang also strongly opposed the statement of the Secretary that he would not allow the Sengbhalang leaders to enter the Sutnga Elaka and considered this as a racially discriminatory statement.
The union said that if the government cannot provide parking spaces called Truck Lay Bye, it will arrange with the private sector who can provide adequate parking spaces, toilets and rest houses. for truck drivers.
The national team has once again beaten the team 6-3 and has now moved up to the top of the FIH Hockey Pro League standings.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Leaders of JACATAM will meet tomorrow Saturday to discuss the order of the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma to meet with the Chief Secretary.
It seems that the robbery has won and that hope has been burned like a book and turned into ashes.
She said that Meghalaya is higher than Bihar in terms of crime due to the high number of school dropouts.
Ma Moonlight Pariat, former MDC of JHADC, launched the lucky draw tickets of the Jowai Village Authority on Saturday.
What do we see after the old covenant? The Word of God says, “But Solomon built him an house.
At the end of his presentation, Chief Minister Duh explained about the purpose of all communication channels like All India Radio and said that in any merger the purpose should be to connect the country and the 140 crore people of the country.
Shish ! I have spent many years searching for that God whom you say I have not found where he lives.
Qatar this time hopes that Israel's war against Gaza will stop after Qatar's foreign ministry reached talks with the foreign ministries of other neighboring countries .
Mayralborn also urged the Lok Sabha MPs from the state, Vincent Pala and Agatha Sangma, Rajya Sabha MP WR Kharlukhi and all the MPs from the North East to speak out. on this issue that they should not violate the laws and customs of the state and the North East.
In fact, it is she who should be rewarded for such things.
He gave special praise to the writers of Ri-Lum Khasi Jaintia who are truly the upholders of the customs and traditions of the Khasi literature.
The HNLC has also appointed the President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon K.Blah as its spokesperson for the peace talks.
"Tomorrow if he comes I'll test first and show that I've accepted him," Lydia thought, after which she fell asleep peacefully.
The residents of the village wanted the police to leave the village immediately and also to remove the gates set up by the Assam Police in the village. shnong, because it has affected the peace and order of the people in the area.
They said that even the Municipal officials have offered to provide them with adequate space to sell their goods if they leave the Seng, but our leaders have not responded, because they want to develop the Seng. and all the sellers of the marketplace.
ISIS militants have used bombs and other weapons to defeat Shiite militants, and have now captured the city of Samara, 70 miles east of Baghdad, the report said. .
“As there was a great storm in the ship in which Jonah was, who tried to escape from God, this storm terrified all the people in the ship. “The ship is also an example in our lives as Christians, just because of Jonah who didn't understand his own sin, it frightens all people,” said Pastor HL Marsing.
“On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has told us that the government cannot quarantine more than 8,000 youths who have returned from other states of India. to provide temporary accommodation in special places for only about 1000 people,” said Bah RL Blah.
Regarding the ring, Ferdinand said that it is from the Kynshi River in the name of Pyndenmawramhah Scheme where it is planned to supply water through water pipes in Rangdikhew. Mawsep, and in the areas of Nongsynrieh.
Two days ago, they turned the hostel into a special accommodation, but before that, there was no accommodation at all and I had no choice but to sit on a tree,” he said.
Think of our teachers, Julius, don't let him go because it's a job for children.
The HYC Raid Nongtung Circle has expressed its concern after seeing for itself that the Assam government does not listen to the Meghalaya government and any development works it plans to do in the area. The border village has been continuing without respect for the Meghalaya government.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said this when asked whether it is true that until now there are still trucks carrying cross border passing along the Dam just because of the High Level.
The KSU demands that the Traffic Branch should be established in the district so that the people of the area can escape from the impact.
On the website of the Department of Commerce and Industries, Government of Meghalaya, there is a notification number IND.49/2016/10, signed on 18th July , in which it was stipulated that the Chairman of the Single Window Agency shall be the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
“Hepsing Dhar said that my luck was harder and gave me peppers after I ate them and I didn't know anyone anymore.
He said it is sad to see that drugs have enslaved thousands of youth and therefore the cooperation of the youth through church groups, village youth organizations, sports clubs should be weapons and shields against this worst kind of drink.
The lack of time for parents to teach and encourage their children especially to protect the dignity, manners and language of the thylliej is another reason why many young children fall into the trap of the pleasures of the world.
The Cabinet also discussed the death of two people and injury of more than 50 people in a clash between the people and security forces in Pallel Tengnoupaul District of Manipur. friday.
NPP Cabinet Leader Marcuise N Marak on 14th June 2013 expressed confidence that the party will win from all the two parliamentary constituencies, Shillong and Tura. .
Every ten years you have only one shit suda.
On Dr Mukul Sangma's statement that if it had not been for the Congress, the CAB would have passed in the Rajya Sabha, Conrad asked him, “I don't know how many times they (Congress) have gone to the Rajya Sabha. They have not gone to Delhi and other places to ask for support from the political parties to oppose the CAB. speak such words.
“Besides the Reservation Policy, we have already lost the Roster System, we have lost more and more, because we have to go back since 1972,” said Bah Robert. He added that if 40% of the districts are employed, it means that the Khasi Jaintia people have lost their jobs.
He said that after this meeting, a joint inspection was conducted by the NHAI on 6th June.
The Conference of Nurses was held at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai on the topic of proper care through information to improve the quality of care of patients. Central was the chief guest while Dr.E War, senior pediatrician was the chief guest.
We will convene a meeting of all the opposition MLAs this month to discuss this issue.
The reporter witnessed that the village is lagging behind in many aspects and does not have a road yet and does not have adequate footpaths. The residents of the village have expressed their dissatisfaction with the 100 days strike which has affected the development of the village especially the footpaths through which other villages used to get proper roads. the scheme.
The State Government will pay T.700 per month to the employees who have been banned from working due to Covid-19 and the amount will be paid directly into their accounts.
Police first recovered the body of the Dolloi and later found the body of the Dolloi at about 1:30 PM. Divers of SDRF, SRT and Fire Service will continue the search for the victim. u dolloi tomorrow.
India before the match against Hong Kong, was one of these teams.
Namewanki Pakyntein, who took 7 overs, scored 4/2
On the other hand, DV Lyngdoh, ADC, G Sarma, RM, SBI and Deepak Singha Roy, RM, MRB gave speeches and urged the entrepreneurs to take advantage of this opportunity.
“There are also other houses which have been destroyed by the sudden storm and there are also cow and pig farms which have been damaged by this natural disaster,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titostarwell Chyne has urged the management of MCCL to release the salaries of at least 400 employees of Sohra Constituency. stand out to demand their rights.
The residents said that two women had gone to a man from Umka-dhor to send a sacrifice, and the man had given them the pylleng and ordered them to bury them. before the House.
He said that Tata cars are no longer new to the public but they are one of the most popular cars in the country because they are built according to the current era and the opening of the shop. The new school in Nongpoh will not only bring peace to the people but will also be a blessing to the youth in terms of employment.
The winners from the States and Union Territories who will participate in the National Round are: 1) Jammu Kashmir – Ritik Katal & Vasudev Singh Jamwal 2) Himachal Pradesh – Delhi Public School – Jhakri – Shimla- Mohammad Hammad & Sahil Bhatia 3) Punjab -Yadavindra Public School Sas Nagar Mohali – Mohali -Manan Thareja & Jaivir Singh Sandhu 4) Chandigarh – Bhavan Vidyalaya Chandigarh – Chandigarh -Jiya Takeja & Yatharth Rattikha and 5) D Haridwar – Suhana Verma & Anand Jha 6) Haryana -Dav Multipurpose Public School – Sonipat -Lakshay Sura & Aditya Malik 7) Delhi – Delhi Public School, RK Puram- Central Delhi – Vedant Singh & Aparna Kanodia 8) Uttar Pradesh -Sunbeam School Lahartara -Varanasi -Shashwat Mishra & Ayushman Dubey 9) Bihar – Jay Pratap Singh Public School – Saharsa – Mohit Ranjan & Aashish Ranjan 10) Sikkim – Don Bosco School – West Sikkim -Jigyasha Giri & Shristi Mukhia Pirthawar 11) Vishya –Kendriachal Tengavalley -West Kameng -Kusal Kumar & Sonar Sonam Wange 12) Nagaland -Kv Lumami Nu – Zunheboto -Tanubhav Bhagowati & Waluniba Longchar 13)Manipur- Moirangpurel High School -Imphal East -Naorem Diana Chanu & Naorem Diasy Chanu – St Francis Chanu – 14) 15) Tripura - Shishu Bihar Hs School – West Tripura – Saswata Bhattacharjee & Utsab Das 16) Meghalaya – Kendriya Vidyalaya, Tura – West Garo Hills – Prabhjot Kaur & 17 Sadik Choudhu Assam -Tezpur Science Academy – Sonitpur – Pragan – Pratim Sharma & Manali Roy 18) West Bengal – Delhi Public School, Ruby Park – Kolkata – Sreejan Bose & Pushan Bhattacharya 19) Jharkhand – Delhi Public School, Ranchi – Ranchi -Shakeb Arsalan & Vaishnav Garodia 20) Odisha – Dav Public School, Ntpc – Deepshikha Kaniha -Angul – Kanishk & Wheep Kumar Behera 21) Chhattisgarh – Krishna Public School.
:Seven officers and nine policemen of the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards have received a Commendation Disc and a certificate from the Director General, Civil Defence, Ministry of Home, New Delhi on the occasion of the 61st Raising Day of Civil Defense and Home Guards.
Seven state secretaries, treasurers and others were also elected.
:The Catholic Church has left for the church of Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong to hold a prayer after the snap of St. Don Bosco was brought from Sohra to Shillong on Saturday.
Speaking to media, Kong Bindas said she had made false promises during the elections.
“I want the farmers to be as rich as the farmers in Punjab and Haryana because they earn billions to send their children to school,” he said.
On Tuesday, it was reported that the city of Jaipur, has been severely hit by these storms and they have destroyed trees, houses and hills. The rivers and playgrounds have been flooded and this has caused many of the villagers to shout, scream and tie the plates and sound equipment, in order to frighten the these insects, that they may flee, is told.
)5 Jymmang – vs Gujarat Titans (7:30 p.m.
These supporters of Bah Teibor Pathaw have accused Bah Pynshngain that the PDF is just a 'Pynshngain Destructive Formula' (PDF).
“Many times if the children want to go to other states, they can't turn to the help of the authorities, but they hesitate to take that money because they only have 2000 tyngka, is this 2000 tyngka? Can money support it? “It's not enough to fare by train,” he said.
Kharkrang said that while the driver was buying kwai from Mawiongrim, suddenly a Local Taxi ML10-2909 came out and shot the driver. car not knowing that he was carrying the Police inside his car.
The KHADC has presented the budget of the Council on Monday which was the opening day of the Budget Session. The budget was presented by the Deputy Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
During the inspection, the delegation of Ministers including Minister J.Nongkhlaw, Minister Lyngdoh Nongbsap, Minister Wartynghah, Minister Sohlang, Lyngdoh Raid Mylliem and other ministers said that the reason for the They came after receiving information that the Hima Forest has been filled with cemeteries of various churches and religious groups. that the Kingdom reported that it had given burials to only one church group.
“Bah Prestone has said 'support me, only if I win I will do this', but he has not done anything,” he said. he doesn't do anything.
At that time, the people, men and women, blocked the road from the ground floor of the Dorbar Hall to prevent the Dorbar from being held and the authorities of Sohra Civil Sub-Division had to suspend the meeting.
Tremiki Lamare scored the second goal in the 53rd minute and Shanborlang Kharsahnoh in the 78th minute.
Two medals, Chancellor's Medal and Vice Chancellor's Medal were also awarded to the top two students in their studies in the Master and Bachelor's degree.
Whether we have been called for talks or there is any case lodged against us, I feel that these are the grounds that should be criticized as a person who has a position,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said, “It is pleasant to hear that this NGO is trying to promote such a activities of the farmers, which is one of the most important These days, many fruits and vegetables have been used for medicinal purposes.
V Sports won the toss and elected to bat first.
Nongstoiñ, November 9:The Catholic community has marched to express their faith in Jesus Christ, the God who feeds, dwells with them, sustains them and gives them life. , will be held on the 14th of this month at Shahlang Parish.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, made this announcement after the Cabinet meeting.
To strengthen ourselves to protect ourselves we have to do the following so that not one person will be mistaken:.
According to the Minister, he has informed the CoMSO leaders that what has been done to search Byrnihat and Ratacher is different because the DIG since the 10th has already spoken to do this. that the government has taken measures in this regard.
Jowai, June 19: The All Jaintia Cricket Association (ACA) beat South West Khasi Cricket Association (SAC) by 67 runs in the Inter District Under-19 Men's Cricket Tournament The match was played by the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Shillong together with the All Jaintia Cricket Association, Jowai at the Mini Stadium.
The JHDS in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, West Jaintia Hills on Monday conducted a training on the harmful effects of drugs and other alcoholic beverages at Tpep Pale Secondary School. School, Jowai.
At that time I was really young, but it was a cool thing to be able to be involved in some of the activities.
He said that those who still believe that the NPP is from Meghalaya or those who still don't know the Manipuri alphabet, it means they shouldn't call themselves Khasi.
Replying to a question on the demand of UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh that Lahkmen Rymbui should resign as Minister of Home Affairs; “I feel that the incident in Mukroh is not the fault of Bah Rymbui; However, this incident has shocked everyone and it is an unexpected incident and the state government did not expect to face such incidents.
This is the current job".
“Tura, which is the largest town in Garo Hills, has come forward to become the capital of the state during the rainy season.
Nongstoin, July 28: Three villages in the northern area of ​​Marshiang, Umïong and Mawdong are located on the outskirts of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency and are far away and have only one road. which reached to Mawdoh, Syria and Nongthymmai.
(iv) He said to one of the two crucified with Him, who begged, “Truly... you will be with me in paradise.
“If they do not respect, the members of the party will have to take action and close down such workplaces which do not respect this special day of the jaidbynriew.
On the rumors that the KHADC and GHADC elections could be postponed due to the delay in amending the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, the Minister said that he has not yet received any information. and any writing.
The school has completed the work and the Pollution Control Board officials have visited the school yesterday and are expected to give their decision. part of the reopening of the school.
In pigs we get 80-90% of the meat when slaughtered for meat, and all parts of the body are functioning.
The election of the new Waheh Shnong and office bearers was held on the 20th of November this year.
Through a letter, the union urges and requests the PWD department to take immediate action to repair this bypass road.
Shillong, March 27 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Thursday said that the government will try to complete the preparations for the recruitment of about 1500 Lower Primary teachers. (LP) and Upper Primary (UP) anyway before Christmas.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The Supreme Court of India on Tuesday ruled on the acquisition of land and payment of money for the construction of the Umroi Airport, which has been open since 1960 and this is on the basis of the case of Billinda Lapang against the Government of Meghalaya.
The district authorities through Bah Eric Kevin Dkhar, Executive Magistrate, have accepted the request and handed over the body to the family members for the last rites.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The 1st Division Football League 2023-24 of the Shillong Sports Association (SAA) today ended with a draw. .
However, in this House, although it was destroyed at that time, there were major decisions through many discussions for the state struggle.
The results have not been posted at the MBOSE offices in Tura and Shillong.
The semi final of the first Super Division will be played on the 23rd of November at 2 pm between 7 Wasa and Ladthadlaboh.
The deadline for receipt of affiliation is November 15, 2022, said WJHDCA General Secretary Ma W Sohlang.
After the arrival of the two teams, Singh explained in detail the condition of the area and the difficulties faced by his team in relation to the extraction of water from the crematorium.
Bah Kitbok said that his protest in front of the Secretariat gate has not ended until the government calls for talks and he will take another decision until the demand of AMDA is met. Nalak Sing Iangblah was one of the seven founders of the Seng Khasi in
Not only that, the Principals of prominent schools and colleges whether urban or rural should be included in this Commission.
Dr Conor McMeniman, one of the scientists, said that the lizards are very good at biting people before and after midnight.
Sniawbhalang Dhar also offered Rs 10 lakh to the WJDSA to hold an Open To All tournament in memory of the father of (L) Kesilroi Pala.
According to the District Election Officer, West Garo Hills, the incident occurred when the AITC supporters attacked the vehicles of NPP MDC Habibur Zaman and his supporters who were passing by. this village.
The seizure came after receiving information that the traders were planning to smuggle the gold into Guwahati.
FKJGP Nartiang Area Unit led by Secretary Wednesday Dkhar and Ohiwot Myria, Assistant Information Secretary Thadlaskein Block Circle on Tuesday distributed food items to 98 low income families. in the villages of Nartiang and Moodop.
There are also those who said that something should be done against those involved in the murder, otherwise they will not be able to arrest all those involved in the murder.
The sentence was filed against Rahul after he alleged at an election campaign rally in June 2019 that all the robbers belonged to the Modi clan.
“I told Bah EK Mawlong to resign from the post of MLA because it has led to the change of government and the seizure of power but Bah EK Mawlong said to us, keep going and keep going," Martin said.
Only 18 players per school are allowed to be nominated.
Jowai, Jymmang 03 : The 16th Inter School Badminton Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJA) Jowai has started on the 2nd of June at the Indoor Sports Hall, Chutwakhu Jowai. the Association of J M.Pohsngap.
This was announced by Greg Browder, Anup Karanth and Satya Priya, Task Team Leaders of the project.
A clean lifestyle is the highest.
Nongstoiñ, July 27: Many villages in the border areas have to walk to and from the area due to the lack of roads.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6 : A 24-year-old woman from West Khasi Hills, Meghalaya has come to the Supercare Hospital, Shillong on Tuesday, March 24, 2022 with the following information: There is a chronic disease of the bilateraltemporal-mandibular joints (TMJs), which are the movable joints that connect the lower part of the mouth to the head.
However, it is said that for a few years now, he has been following the lifestyle of his father and that is to sleep with many women and when he feels necessary.
“We will not hold a strike because we have been severely affected by the lack of salary.
"For we know not what shall be on the morrow.
In West Khasi Hills District, 2 villages including Mairang and Nongstoin. In Ribhoi District, 8 villages including 5 villages in Umsning and 3 villages in Umling.
The Women's Wings were elected President by Miss.
CM Elevate is a program to help local entrepreneurs, and over the past five years we have been able to support nearly 3000 local entrepreneurs in many ways.
He said that krai also helps people with diabetes.
Giggs, 46, the Wales manager, stabbed his wife, Manchester police said, and his wife, 30, was injured. only she didn't need to go to the hospital.
The custom of holding land shall be passed on to the youngest daughter of the family to be continued by the Kñi Rangbah of the family.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Monday warned Bah AL Hek to be more careful when speaking about the party's activities to the media.
Two Congress MLAs resigned from the House last year, Francis D Soura, who passed away, Manohar Parrikar and now the House. dorbar, you have four members.
In the second innings, Shillong scored 141/8 in 33.5 overs.
Speaking on the occasion, Fr.John Lyngdoh, OFM said that as the parishioners, this is the first time that they have had this opportunity to participate with all the parishioners. this they could recognize each other.
Marcuise said that as the Minister, he will continue to monitor and inspect all the projects that have not been completed to ensure that the works are going smoothly from now on.
It also acknowledged that they are just problems as usual and that there is no harm to the people of China or other countries.
Lumdaitkhla SC has won the Football Knockout Tournament 2023 organized by the Ri Khasi Social and Cultural Sports Club.
It was further explained that a household with one member of a government employee can no longer get this scheme because they are considered as rich.
Leaders of the Education Cell of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have met with the Minister of Education to seek clarification regarding the delay of the Government in payment of fees for the year 2021-2 .
Looking at the number of beds is only 350 and the estimated number of beds is more than 5000, it should be understood that they are working amid difficulties and shortcomings.
She said that she immediately sent her children outside and took some of the belongings before the fire broke out and in this incident all the belongings were burnt down.
“There are some of the most beautiful places in the North East”.
This is where teacher training is so important.
After receiving a tip that she was at the PS, Tura Police immediately left for Guwahati to take the child from the hands of Assam Police this morning and brought her to Tura. Police Station.
The union demands that the Meghalaya government should set up an inquiry into the death of Samla Ready Lamare, who drowned at the Star Cement mine. The Star Cement mining site does not have the necessary documents, including the clearance certificate from the Ministry of Environment and so on.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem.
Members elected include Alban K Gashnga Chief Adviser, Donstand Khonglah Advices, Namdichai Lamare President, Sumar Dkhar Vice President, Jai Pohshna General Secretary, Dei Syad Joint Secretary, Arwinstar Gashnga Finance Secretary, Saiñborlang Lamin Asst Finance, Autumn Sumer, Education Secretary Everest R Langstang Publicity Secretary, Donbok Dkhar Sport Secretary and Sumar Syngkor Environment Secretary.
Pastor KKKharsyniew launched the flag and concluded the service with a “Janmiet of songs of praise”.
The film and Sonam show that the ingredients in Vivel Aloe Vera soap are gentle and skin-friendly, and suitable for use by people of all ages.
Following the follow-up between the State Government and the Central Government, the State has now received approval from the Central Government to upgrade 1,266 mini anganwadi centers to main anganwadi centres.
And they all went home with great joy.
The reason for the decline in education is that the teachers who are talented in this field refuse to come to this field because there is no future for them in old age when they retire. It is not like teachers are facing this problem now.
In another raid, BSF troops of 193 Battalion and 172 Battalion seized 48 cows which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh along the border of East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills.
You should never surround yourself with the wicked lest you be forced to walk with the wicked and become afraid of their open speech.
Health workers are the frontline soldiers to carry and care for these patients.
If this situation continues, the government should think seriously about this and issue a clear notification on education to all schools and colleges.
Similarly, Assam's Shiva Thapa won a medal in the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg after defeating Shashank Pradhan of Delhi.
“It is also surprising that there are dorbars within the Grand Council of Bah John Kharshiing, who are against the ILP, because it affects the rights of the mydner and affects the sports industry,” he said. you announce.
“Listening to the wishes of more than 2 crore party members, we have decided to end our relationship with the BJP and leave the NDA from today,” the AIADMK said. After the rally, hundreds of AIADMK supporters went to the party headquarters to celebrate.
Regarding the complaint of the Piat sellers in the market, it was also seen that this has been true as the market for Piat and Phan in the market has decreased significantly compared to other markets. In the past few days, to see that many of the people have been eating more food than others.
However, despite the fact that many people in the village and the area still respect the customs and traditions, the knowledge of humanity still exists.
Where they have tried to introduce new valuable deliverable technologies – such as teachers, classrooms, and money – in the Federal Government and in the State and it is difficult for implement the policy in a timely manner if these are not available.
“These schemes have been launched to the public without any secrets,” said Renik.
Shillong, November 22: Kharang Village, Mawkynrew Community and Rural Development Block, for the second time, will hold a bullbering competition for the men's and women's teams.
The meeting was held at the Naga Community Hall near Nagaland House in the city.
The leaders of these three organizations, FACT President Diamond Dhar, HNYF President Howniwot Sutong and HYC General Secretary Roming Star Lamare, said that according to their findings in the budget of the council for the year 2018-2 It was found that there are only 7 new posts sanctioned in the budget, 2 in CWD and 3 in the Education Department.
“We will not rest and we will not sit idly by but we will wait for what the new Government in Delhi will reveal.
If businesses run illegally, only a few benefit while the government loses the revenue it deserves.
“We have taken decisions to ensure that the salary suspension of the employees as well as the fire extinguishing will be resolved as soon as possible,” he said in a statement posted on his Facebook page.
The reason why it has not been done yet has not been mentioned by the Director UAD, even though it was requested in November
Also present were Hanshi Bharat Bhusan Sharma, President of Karate India, Sanjeev Kumar Jangra, General Secretary of Karate India Organization (KIO) and Premjit Sen, Referee of World Karate Federation (WKF). Kolkata, West Bengal.
He said the people knew that it was the Congress which brought Muslims and Hindus from Bangladesh to the eastern states through Assam.
Speaking to reporters, Kyrmen said that besides the MDCs, we have 14 MLAs including 12 from the UDP and 2 from the HSPDP. “This is the hope not only of the RDA but also of everyone when they contest the elections but I am sure that our candidate will do well and win a glorious victory,” said Kyrmen.
During the meeting, he said that Dango promised to take action to resolve the problem of the people.
At the meeting, the police and army chiefs admitted that the insurgents have not been able to cross the border for about two years due to the tight security on the border.
Madankynsaw beat Kseh Sylle Ialong 4-1
The election was conducted by the office of the Dolloi of Amwi District, Ma Jemewell Pyrtuh.
UDP candidate Synshar Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah came to cast his vote on 10th June at Lam Jingshai Secondary School, Shiliang Dongki Polling Station, Sohiong.
The Mawpdang Sports Club Football Tournament 2022 organized by the Mawpdang Sports Club has come to an end.
Ma Balius, who is also one of the leaders of the coal owners' union, said that the union has also appointed him as the President of the Scheduled Tribe Committee in East Jaintia Hills District.
There are some paradoh parasnam who have risen to the top of any scientific field either in the salonsari or in any shlempule who have not tried to promote the Khasi language by taking it seriously without researching their own culture. foreign language.
He said the MMMCR is part of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, which prohibits the mining of stone and shyiap without permission.
Therefore, there is no need to waste time to appeal to these government departments, the KSU has decided to appeal to the NGT, said Sanatomba Bamon, General Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle.
The JAC has welcomed the announcement of the State Government through the Transport Department on the increase in the fare to 9 tyngka per kilometer per tonne on rong roads, T.10 per tonne on maw roads and khohruh roads. khohram T.12 per ton.
To play in the Indian Super League (ISL) is one of the biggest dreams and I congratulate FC Goa for giving me this opportunity,” said Chhetri after signing the contract.
Many snakes are thieves, destroyers and hunted and are the greatest enemies of man, but for this snake, from Africa, it received a gold medal. and the reason, was that he was looking for bomb shelters in the streets of Cambodia.
There are also special rules for buyers of electric vehicles.
There was also a short interview between him and Mirchi RJ Nicky J, in which he talked about his journey in his life and urged the youth to come forward and take part. in politics.
Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat gave the welcome speech and Ms. M. Kharlyngdoh, Co-ordinator IQAC, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat conducted the meeting and gave the welcome speech.
Thus, broadly defined, corruption is the wrongdoing, fraud or wrongdoing in which a person misuses his or her power, by robbing the money or rights of others.
On this occasion, the President of SWKHDSA congratulated all the 23 participants and blessed all the participants of the Meghalaya Games from South West Khasi Hills District to play well in various sports and to have a healthy body and also to return with the medals.
The Waheh Shnong of Rangad, Bah Damon Lamo, said that many people even from abroad have started to know about Rangad and have started to visit this village. village, it was said that some people came by buses, heavy vehicles and small vehicles to visit and eat.
He bought an old scooty and used it every day.
This ban will come into force from 24th June 2023 to 2nd October 2023 which is the polling day and the order will remain in force until further notice.
Man is no different from animals because he is a human being but the difference is that animals do not have rationality but man does.
According to reports, it is understood that the TMC in Meghalaya will announce its candidates after the IPAC team has conducted a thorough survey across the constituencies.
Shillong, November 9: The Inspector General of Police (IGP) GHP Raju on Tuesday said that the police should be quick and responsive when the public asks for help or calls.
Regarding the distribution of medicines to the market, it is to bring peace to the farmers and also to the buyers inside the market which is step by step, after being relocated from the market. CTS Hat is located in the middle of Nongpoh.
He said that this shows the government's inability to take responsibility and maintain peace and order in the state.
The JSU said it understands the benefits of railway lines in terms of traffic, income, trade and other areas.
However, the sad thing is that many times he feels sorry for himself because the things he says in the dorbar don't work.
The Japanese billionaire has offered to spend up to £7million of his own money and pay for it by randomly selecting those on his Twitter list.
On Tuesday alone, the death toll has risen to 108 and 2,478 new cases have been reported.
The BJP is also a political party to fight for “one religion, one culture and one language.
The tourist attraction was inaugurated by MDC Umroi Constituency, Bah RR Kharbuki as the chief guest. Kitborlang Lyngdoh, Project Coordinator, FXB, Pailan Kurbah, Rangbah Shnong, Defender Lamare, Chairman, Pyllun Dorbar Shnong, elders and residents.
“I have not gone beyond the procedures by pointing fingers and criticizing the Congress-led government but I will have to speak for the lives and livelihoods of the people,” said Bah CB Syiem.
The meeting was conducted by FC Chyne, Chairman of Sports Committee, Ladthadklaboh in the presence of Area Manager of Apollo Tyres, Embhah Dkhar, Blooming Lytan Dealer, Acting Waheh Shdlanong. Dorbar Shnong Russel Nongrum, Symbud Waheh Shnong MA S Bareh, General Secretary ABM Shullai, Sports Secretary Helpme Shylla and other youth athletes.
When the thanksgiving was offered, the khaw-eh, khawshan and khawkhein were also distributed to take the rneng to their houses to eat two symbols and to drink the gold and silver water. drink to strengthen your soul and receive a full blessing from the Lord God.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 11,439 and the death toll to
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Indradhanush Mission which aims to prevent the spread of nine diseases has been implemented in the second phase in the state.
After a thorough discussion, the teachers who attended the meeting expressed their anger over the decision to hold the examination again for Class – XII (45%) and decided to to reject the order and that they do not want to take the examination again.
Lady Supervisor, ICDS, gave a talk on Physical Health & Mental Health.
The death toll from the floods was
Khliehriat March 4: U Woh Tep Kyndait, one of the strongest men of Jaintia Hills, from Tuber Kmaishnong, has been fighting against the Syiem of Jaintia Hills, Amratap Singh. All the children of the people of the country were converted to Hinduism.
Another virologist, Shahid Jameel, said community transmission has been working for a long time.
There are still opportunities and platforms for face-to-face discussions and consensual resolution.
The bridge has been banned for about 40 months since the Cherry Blossom Festival in 2022 and the ban continues today.
Quest : The quest is to search through the raieh raidam.
“China is a country that has changed.
After a thorough discussion, the meeting unanimously decided to demand from the relevant authorities to increase the transportation fee and if they do not listen, all the dealers will be punished. The School Managing Committee should take responsibility for the delivery of school meals to the schools.
Therefore, after the arrest of these cows which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh, the union expresses its regret, because the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh has not stopped and it has been found that it is increasing. and the days went by.
The JSU said it has received many complaints including from parents of school children regarding the lack of Jio network.
I would like to encourage not only football but other sports, whatever you have talent you should take it from the heart so that you can be bright”.
“So whether the court case or police case that has been lodged, does it have the name of Conrad Sangma on it? I think this is the question.
There are 1,10,256 entrants from outside the state.
However, many of them do not want to see this, they want the Khasi and Garoh languages ​​to be included in the Constitution of the country through the Fifth Schedule.
When I pray, I throw away all my problems before God and ask for His guidance. Secondly, it is the school I went to after I finished my studies at the school. don inside the village.
New Delhi, Nailur 11 : The Ryndia garments of Meghalaya have attracted people from home and abroad at the G20 Summit in New Delhi.
Nongpoh: Speaking on the occasion of the opening ceremony of the District Council Court in Nongpoh, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to the District Council. Iingbishar and who said that it will be of benefit to the people of Ri Bhoi as a whole.
The Ministry of Minority Affairs has lodged a complaint against the incident on 10th November and the theft of money has been reported in 100 districts and 100 districts. in 34 states, where out of 1,572 schools, 830 were found to be fraudulent or that there were 21 states, out of 34 fraudulent, after collecting The money, from the Government of India and the Government of India department, has ordered the cancellation of the account numbers of 830 schools.
The Daloi informed the Chief Minister that as the Chief Minister and the top leader of the Congress party in the state, he should challenge the action of the Congress EC in JHADC. the rule of law and the customs and traditions.
What has put the KSU leaders in the dark is that from the pla they have also found inscriptions in Hindi, dead flowers, animal skins and snakes which they don't know what it is. the foreigner intends to do or use.
Ummulong Sports & Cultural Club beat Soomer 2-1 in the Open to All Knockout Football Tournament 2022 organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association. day at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The only way to solve this problem is if there is a heavy rainfall in the state and also that the government will be able to purchase electricity at a lower price,” he said. old.
He said that the laying of the foundation stone today will not end but it is the beginning of the benefit of the people of the area.
Students must stand up again to ensure that their passing is successful.
After a few years, he was betrayed by his new wife, in which he lost all his possessions and wealth.
He said that at the time when the disease was still rampant, Sangma had to go to Garo Hills to contest the elections, where he was quarantined, but now, when the state, the He applied to the Government of India and the Serum Institute of India.
Through this subject students will learn more about the importance of health and the benefits of physical activity in a proper and appropriate manner to everyday life.
Smit Cricket CC beat Mawphlang CC in the first match.
Shyam is from Rahli village in Madhya Pradesh.
The deadline for submission of marksheets is 20/10/2
Shillong, Naitung 27: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Friday condemned the attack on the Chief Minister's Office in Tura on the evening of the 24th. The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, was holding a meeting with various groups in Garo Hills demanding the implementation of the Reservation Policy and the making of Tura as the Winter Capital.
“We have not yet removed him from the post of Vice President because the matter is still pending in the court.
Phase-1 is to study the clay pots and how to shape them, while Phase-II is to train the pottery makers to preserve them from generation to generation.
He said the NPP and BJP leaders will soon meet and hold a meeting to discuss the MP elections in Shillong and Tura Constituencies.
The tournament was opened by the Special Superintendent of Police, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang.
If you talk about it, people won't like it because it's a world of stupid things,” said the eldest son. “I have to talk about that because it's very different.
NPP State Working President Hamletson Dohling welcomed Batskhem Ryntathiang in the presence of NPP MP candidate from Shillong Seat DrM Ampareen Lyngdoh and other party leaders. .
Shillong: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) under the banner of CoMSO has strongly warned against those who mislead the people on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
This will help to save the farmers (cows) more quickly and even the farmers in the farm runs.
The Reservation Policy, according to the Resolution dated 12.01.1972, in para 2, clearly states that if the posts allocated for any post cannot be filled, group, by those who have been allocated, those posts may be filled by others, and that shortfall shall be carried forward to the next filing year, and if not filled in that post. O.M.darit 14.06.2023 and at that time, will be counted, and that shortcoming will be counted.
“As I have already said, if the BJP does not agree to join the MDA government, they can leave the MDA government and I am still saying this,” he said.
The smuggling of cattle has increased in Jaintia Hills since the ban on coal mining and transportation and this activity has been carried out not only by private individuals but also by civil society organizations in collaboration with the police across the border areas. .
Sharif served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from June 2022 to April 2023 before the dissolution of Parliament to hold new elections.
We pray and hope that God will bless you in this New Year as He has been with us and blessed us in many areas in
At present, the prominent candidates for the HSPDP ticket are Nongstoin MDC L Goodleaderson Nongsiej, former driver Hoping, Daiostar Jyndiang and Hoping's brother-in-law Doffley.
“The KSU NEHU Unit leader has warned that if the authorities in charge of NEHU cannot implement what they have promised, the KSU will not refuse to hold a protest.
In his speech, Bah Dmingland Thongni, Rangbah Shnong Ngunraw, expressed his gratitude to the leaders of the area, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of Water Supply and Water Supply. Pius Marweiñ who struggled to reach and visit this place.
He said that soon instead of the Christian church in Rymbai, a mosque will be built and he said that soon in the place of Laitumkhrah church, we will hear the bell of the angel. Lord, we shall hear the cry of Allah hu akbar, because our Hynniewtrep people are quicker to accept the Muslims, because they are quicker to convert from the beginning.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Synroplang President Khrawbuit Ryntathiang and Secretary Juda Wahlang said that since the beginning of the operation of these four vehicles, they have set a target of one small four vehicle. They have started to earn T.1400 per day and now from 1st April they have started to increase it to T.1400 per day.
Speaking at a meeting with the youth at Shillong College on Saturday, Bhattacharya said only about 2 percent of the people from this region are employed in government departments of India and other departments.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Barato Unit has issued a warning against fishing in the Mynriang River by spraying drugs or throwing bombs in the river and other means to kill the enemy. .
The party leader said that becoming an MLA is not an easy task.
The following have been listed as attempts to improve the word: Rehabilitation : rehabilitation means rehabilitation is the treatment of recovery from illness; pat you are again.
Earlier, Dr. Batskhem said that the people seem to have lost hope that politics is good and that politics is for the benefit of the society.
Third, we need robust data systems to monitor and effectively implement policies and programmes.
Thombor said that they had arrived at the Convention Hall, behind Pinewood Hotel, at 5 pm, but the meeting was postponed to 8 pm. In the evening, Rahul could not land at Umroi due to the weather and thus, he had to land in Guwahati and drive to Shillong.
Flat No-104 of Ferndale Complex, Shillong and the second and third floors of Ma RD Pala, Howell Road, Laban have been sealed. dam the residence of Ma P Roy Shylla, which is located at the house of Dr Sunita Shylla in Wahdienglieng; The Second Floor of Bharti Bhavan, Lower Mawprem, has been closed since yesterday and the closure of the house of Berina Shabong, Lumpdeng, Lawsohtun, Block II has been lifted. The house of Highly L Lamare, Riat Laban East, Madan Laban has been closed since yesterday and the house of Highly L Lamare, New Kench's Trace, Bishnupur has been lifted since yesterday. The house of Pololi Lyngdoh at Dunoon Compound near Meghna Marak Building was also destroyed while the house of Arjun Kumar Rai, Debu Sarkar and Moon Biswa at Oxford Hills, Maxwellston Estate, Rilbong was also destroyed. still in lockdown.
The reason why you cannot deposit into these bank accounts is because the bank accounts are incorrect.
At Mawlong Market, Hindu Khar including children have been shouting this night with the throwing of flags.
He said that an incident happened in a place in Garo Hills where the government authorities wanted to set up a Civil Sub Division without getting a land to set up this office.
Besides, the MCC members have also directed the foreign traders to obtain a NOC from Bernard for the renewal of their Trading License. It is after finding out that the police have decided to register a case against Marak and the MCC members. the people are no longer affected.
According to a statement issued by the Army, the Assam Rifles have also arrested 188 employees of the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) who were arrested. He was arrested and arrested in Sinzawl, Manipur.
The film, which has not yet been directed, will appeal to the audience and especially to those who like to listen to the songs of the group.
Finally, like many heads, the mind is also clean and there are many robbers who try to get inside.
Ma Kyrshan said that all syiar sellers should register with the union on or before 30th September 2020 or call 6909537140 (Kyrshan Rymbai Secretary AJPTA).
I also won the Gold Medalist.
The price of petrol will rise to T.84.07 per liter in Bhopal and T.80 mark in Patna, T.81.73, Hyderabad and Srinagar. (T.80.35), Kolkata and Chennai will cost T.78.91 and T.79.13 per liter respectively and the lowest price will be in Panjim, which will cost T.70.26 per litre.
Antonio said the government's request for clarification is because the allocation for the Council has not been included in the District Budget of the State Government due to the inability of the 14th Finance Commission to allocate allocation to the District Councils. .
Habahun Dkhar of Saphai NPP candidate has filed his nomination papers while Charles Wilson Muskor of Ummulong Moodymmai constituency has filed his nomination papers.
Shillong, Nailar 08 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has expressed his appreciation for the programs of the Government of Meghalaya to shape the future of the people. citizens of the State from the time they are in the womb.
During the inspection, the union found that this road has caused danger to the passengers, because through this road it has been found that it is full of holes and the traffic is like a field of rice.
After these paradoh parasnam have received land here, they have not been able to leave their shops because they have found it difficult to produce water without opening their shops during the earthquake. They have been diagnosed with Covid 19, but with a happy spirit they have received hope through the opportunity to stay in this market which is the property of the Forest Department, but what saddens them is that it has been destroyed without any written notice. On the other hand, the Forest Department has threatened to destroy the shops.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said, “This successful relocation has been achieved through the efforts of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Union Government and the Indian Diplomatic Mission.
Titosstarwell Chyne, Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP) who has been removed from the post of CEM of KHADC, said that the no-confidence motion is only to make peace in the KHADC. you are the world.
The Imam lodged a complaint with the police.
The grounds of the Raj Bhavan were filled with fireworks as part of the Christmas celebrations and on the way, I met many people who came to take part, Khasi, Mizo, Dkhar. and others.
He said that thanks to the hard work of the doctors and nurses, he has been able to provide adequate treatment to all those who have come to the hospital and at the same time he has advised the parents of the children. that they should clean the food and drink and the utensils used to feed the children and that they should boil the water thoroughly before drinking.
So we will take this up on Thursday and we will take important decisions in the Cabinet,” he told reporters.
Jowai, Naiwieng 23 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today visited Mukroh village to pay tribute to the five residents of Mukroh village who lost their lives in the shooting incident on the 22nd of this month. Ministers who accompanied the Prime Minister on this occasion were Chief Secretary Prestone Tyngsong, Urban Development Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, Revenue Minister Kyrmen Shylla, PHE Minister Reninton Lyngdoh. Tongkhar, MDC Aiborlang Shadap, MLA 4 Mowkaiaw Nujorki Sungoh, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills BS Sohliya IAS, Superintendent of Police WJH BD Marak and other government officials.
“Wisdom and wealth elevate a person's feelings.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93625 out of which 91913 have recovered and 1586 have died.
Anyone who has seen or found him, please contact this mobile number 7005258940.
Meanwhile, in Gujarat, the home of Modi and Amit Shah, the people have accepted the Uniform Civil Code and want to start from Gujarat. BJP.In June 2023, there will be a General Election for the North Eastern States of India including Meghalaya which used to be considered as a Christian State. of India.
There are also 5 polling stations with web casting, as well as for those with disabilities.
And he said, “To achieve this goal, we need the active participation of farmers in the marketing of agricultural products to increase income, and the government is determined to provide support. through various schemes such as Focus and Focus+ to ensure that financial assistance is used in the right way.
On the other hand, KSU President Bah P Khongjirem and FKJGP Bah Evanfield Khonglam said that they strongly oppose the proposal to sell land to the army. The presence of the army has caused many problems to the people.
In New Delhi, the Congress won only 8 seats, the BJP 32, in Madhya Pradesh the Congress won only 58 seats and the BJP won 165 seats.
Well, brothers and sisters, Gog and Magog in Ezekiel, the Book of Revelation refers to this.
According to sources, the incident happened today at Mawdiangsnam where it is suspected that there was a clash between Khasi and Nepali but the cause has not been confirmed. on the appearance of this riot; However, it is learned that several people were injured in the incident.
“The letter we have received from the state government is not clear,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
One of the topics discussed at the Cabinet meeting was the recommendation of the Standing Committee of the Ministry of Home Affairs on the Inter State Council Secretariat of the Ministry of Home Affairs. which belongs to the MM Punchi Commission.
“This is not surprising because only 10 hours after the EC led by me was dissolved, they also left to support the EC of Bah Pyniaid. it's been a long time on their part," he said.
Total T.32.42.8 1.034.
This will happen at that time of the reign of the beast.
“The state needs a strong law to curb the entry of foreigners into the state, the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is one of the tools to do this,” he said.
Explaining this, Ma Wesper Lamin said that as the Acting Waheh Shnong, there is no problem of the residents of Bakur regarding the delay in the election of the Waheh Shnong. The Dolloi of Nongtalang Elaka has agreed to complete the opening of a project in the village within the month of November.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: Shortly after an attempt was made to set fire to a police vehicle and also to fire tear gas at Sengbhalang members who were protesting against the incident ha Mukroh, it was seen that the government Hundreds of armed and well equipped SOT Police personnel have been deployed.
Jowai, Nailar 28 : The Hynniewtrep Women's Welfare Organization (HW&DO) through its President O.Suchiang and Secretary BD Lyngdoh has expressed its full support to the organization. The All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AVA) has decided to hold a rally or march to demand the government to impose life imprisonment on the killers.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has requested information on the irrigation project in Nongkdait-Nongnah village. Please contact the Chief Engineer, Shillong.
As soon as we entered the front of the residence, no one knew the venue of the meeting, not even the people of the Information & Public Relations Department.
The Governor said that as the newly appointed Governor, he will work in accordance with the Constitution of India. with the goal of improving the quality of Meghalaya.
Big B showed his fans a picture of the couple, writing “June 3,
Politics takes root in the rule of law through the laws made through it.
Shillong: There have been 420 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today.
The KSU has urged Gopal Dey to come forward with the members of the KSU to show evidence of his allegations against the youth of the KSU.
On this occasion, the Police conducted this program at Iew Nongpoh, so that the parents can hear and learn how to take care of their children, especially those who send them to school. out.
The elders of Lapangap have met with the Minister S. Dhar.
In Assam, the BJP has won 71 constituencies, while the Congress has won 39 constituencies.
The ability to change your diet can bring many benefits and choosing foods rich in essential nutrients helps to build and strengthen bone health.
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to renew the Health Benefits Package and other parts of the Insurance Contract of MHIS 6 and has now decided to implement the MHIS 6 scheme in collaboration with PMJAY, to provide insurance of more than T.5,30,000 for all members belonging to one and entitled to benefits.
Welcoming the players at ISBT, Tura, the Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project performed a song for the tournament and to encourage the players to participate in the tournament. play well.
On the other hand, the SP promised to take action and investigate thoroughly to arrest them as until the writing of this news they are still on the run.
At this meeting, the agreement was confirmed and the Hmar people promised that such an incident will not happen again.
Believe me, it doesn’t just depend on how we take it and move on.
Furthermore, the union demanded that the Government should not remain silent but should take action to curb crime and illegal activities on the border to protect our fellow citizens from such attacks.
Unfortunately, this division of Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes can be misused by political parties just to win elections.
Earlier, Prestone said that 10 years ago, an MLA did not introduce a motion in the House to introduce the 371th bill.
He said the Congress also has its own foundation as the party that rules the country.
“With these principles that the party has, I hope that the people will give their support to the party and the party will remember its contribution for the state,” he added.
Speeches were delivered by Professor Munish Tamang, President of the NFNS, Bah Nickman Marak, Chairman of the Garo State Movement Committee and Bah KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP. The leaders chanted “No Khasi Jaintia Safety No Rest”.
Shillong: Rev. Gilman Rose Sancley has passed away on the 19th of November 2019 and will be buried on the 22nd of November 2019 at the Mawroh Presbyterian Church, Mawlai Shillong.
They don't like the Pnars. The desires of the Pnars don't match because if you look at the population, seat sharing etc, you can't do that.
As the EM in charge of the Elaka in the District Council, Bah Pangniang said that the honoring of the Syiem of Bhowal Hima today is also a step taken by the KHADC to honor the rule of the Bhowal Hima. you are a Khasi.
Members of the NESO who left for Manipur included leaders of the Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), AAPSU, Garo Students Union (GSU), Khasi Students' Union (KSU). and the All Assam Students' Union (AASU), the Naga Student Federation (NSF) and others.
“We hope that the government will have to listen to our demand no matter how much it shows when it sees the support of the people for our protest,” he said.
He said that the Karbi people to quarry shyiap from the Meghalaya border and to turn the river is illegal and should be strongly condemned and the government should take action. eiei to immediately stop this illegal mining.
Here, people living in areas such as Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia have only one season.
Regarding the practical or internal marks, he said that the board now allows only theory where the practical or internal marks are carried over from the examination.
KSU Kupli Area Circle General Secretary Leiki Richard Tyngkan said that this incident happened due to the government's negligence against the residents on the Assam-Meghalaya border.
“Tomorrow we will have to invite those Rangbah who support us in the dorbar,” said Bah Shanbor. “To Kmie tomorrow I'll go to Shillong and I'll buy more meat and we'll invite them to dinner...” said the father. I will prepare myself, and I will call them from their house.
The Officer Incharge of Nongstoin Police Station said that police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
"The corruption has been revealed to have taken place between 2004 and 2009 when Lalu Prasad was Railway Minister in the Congress-led coalition government. .
As soon as MUDA came in, the Rangbah Shnongs have disappeared and the Ward Commissioners will be appointed,” said Bah Shylla, adding that this will affect the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
The cause of the fire at the house in Hounslow near Heathrow Airport is still unknown but it is suspected that a Diwali bomb caused the fire.
Out of the nine semi-finals that India has played, the team has won three and lost four.
They immediately threatened to expel them from the village, deprive them of ration or not be paid for 100 days in the village.
It is through this day, that the residents of the village, especially the women, have been able to raise their voices which is also a demand before the Syiem of Raid Marwet, that he should release the women to participate in the election of Rangbah Shnong.
In the final of the 2nd Division, Kyrphei SC beat Rangshangkham SC while in the 3rd Division, Thaiñthynroh SC beat Madan Mawser SC. The final was also attended by Bah Lamphrang Blah MDC who was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Wellbirth Rani, Bah Kenedy Khyriem, Rangbah Shnong of Tyrsad and other invitees.
He said the state government should lodge a complaint against Narendra Modi and Amit Shah for their statement that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state which they said during their visit to the state government. The state will hold elections in June, 10 days or 2 days before the elections.
He is also said to have helped to acquire mining land until now.
Nokmas should play an important role in society,” he said.
“We are full of regret.
There was also a threat from the HSPDP to punish Kong Nonglait for her opposition.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 17: A four month old child has died and four others have been seriously injured after a taxi collided with a truck at 3.10 pm this morning. This evening on the Shillong By-Pass Road, near Lumdaitkhla village, Ri Bhoi District.
The Minister also handed over a donation of Rs 12 lakh to the family through his father.
Criticizing the VPP for its politics of hatred, Prestone said, “I have witnessed their speeches.
“The government has approved and accepted the implementation of the Meghalaya State Education Policy and this is a great achievement for the state,” he said.
Among the stadiums that have been cleaned with plastic in the State, the SSA Stadium and the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai are the two stadiums that have been cleaned with plastic.
He added that the union's wish is that the land under Meghalaya should not be lost even for 10 inches and to be employed in other states which occupy land from time to time. The Seng does not want the land of the people of Khasi Hynniewtrep to belong to another state, but it will remain with its own state and the Seng will not hesitate to stand firm to fight against the Even if we fight to the point of bloodshed, the party will not hesitate to stand up to protect its people from the attacks from time to time.
Isn't this a sign of the danger that awaits our state for the days to come?
(i) He raises Lazarus, the brother of the woman who anointed Jesus. (ii) Jairus' dead daughter.
In the second leg of the match between Hamlen FC and Yongstar FC on 05/7/2019, Hamlen FC beat Yongstar FC 2-1
When asked how much the tourism industry provides to the residents, he said that besides taking them to the places where there is a jri bridge to Nongriat, they also earn money by setting up shops and residential areas. tourists and other activities arising from the arrival of people to this village.
Along with the achievements of the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation, schemes worth T.5490 crore have been approved from July 2023 to November
On the other hand, the RDA also included the issue of peace and stability in which it stressed the need to pave the way for peace talks between the Government and the armed groups – HNLC or other rebel groups. State.
Atlanson Kharmaw scored the first goal for Meghalaya but Sikkim converted the ball.
Every year the country and the nation remember this great Syiem who sacrificed his life to protect the country and the nation from the invasion of foreigners.
Paul said that the shortcomings in the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act have led to the drug dealers who have been involved many times to return to sell drugs after being granted bail.
“The NPP is the only party in the country that was born in the North East and was formed in the region and is now fighting for the region.
The retired employees of the JHADC have not received their pension since November
The KSU has alleged that the youth have fallen into the trap of the CMJ because of the state government's failure to inspect all the private schools in the state, as demanded by the KSU in
Junely Siangshai scored the first goal for Pamrakmai in the 31st minute.
One of the dead militants was Jaish-e-Mohammad Chief Operational Commander Kamran and a close associate of the militant group leader Maulana Masood Azhar.
If they don't get a vehicle to write the exam after 1st May 2021, how will the government and MBOSE think of them? ) away from them.
During the hearing, 224 cases were settled and a fee of T.4,33,82,004.28p was agreed for the National Lok Adalat and the High Court. of Meghalaya, has been approved at a cost of T.2.17 crore.
However, the state government has not received the guarantee commission.
However, the protest and struggle was not easy and many heroes were tortured, imprisoned and killed.
“The reason for the upgradation of Sub Divisions to Districts is to have a closer cooperation between the residents and the District Administration and this is necessary to strengthen and closer the work,” he said. state.
Furthermore, the AYC has proposed to conduct a surprise inspection to schools across Garo Hills to help identify teachers who are not qualified in the job, to check the condition of teachers. teaching methods, and to ensure adequate education for children.
The union also expresses its condolences to the families of those who died in the bullet attack by the Assam police. They demanded the immediate establishment of a Border Police Out Post in Mukroh to protect the border residents but this outpost is not enough. for thou art not yet covered with the tin.
The fourth part of the monthly thanksgiving is in front of Mawshong Blei, the guardian of the surrounding areas of Lum Sohpetbeng and the Duwan Dupat. The village shall judge by the lengbah and lengsan, to convey and listen to the story of the permission from the signs of thanksgiving from the Lum Dorbar and from the Mei Mawbuh.
“There is no sign of any agreement,” said Regaldus and added that the meeting with AL Hek was because he is a BJP leader who came to campaign for the BJP in Mairang.
The Super Division tournament of Saipung Block SA started on the 3rd of this month and was inaugurated by Shillong MP VH Pala as the chief guest in the presence of Richard Sing Lyngdoh MDC JHADC as the chief guest. leaders and members of Saipung Block SA and others.
“Our meeting with the police did not know that this family used to be in the midst of a constant fight and on our part, we accept this as a threat. on the other hand, the police do not care about the people who ask for their help.
The synsar was bought at different prices.
There are also people who come from outside the state.
“President Trump will talk about democracy, religious freedom in his speech and will talk especially about religious freedom, which is a very important issue in his work. government,” said a White House official.
During the raid, Shallang Police Station seized several firearms including a 7.65 mm pistol, two unexploded AK 47 rounds, 5 rounds of ammunition. demand letters in the name of the GNLA, one 7.65 mm pistol magazine, one Panasonic smart phone.
Therefore, he urged the people to avoid the use of plastic by speaking in the village or Maram language, “Duh su hah cjiew da tama lam pla su” to avoid the use of plastic.
Today, from 8.30 am to 8.30 am, the rainfall in Sohra has reached 25.0 millimetres.
The GBA will support sustainable biofuel production and consumption activities around the world by providing a range of capacity development activities, technological support for country activities and promoting sharing the findings from the policies.
And those religious laws of theirs shall no longer apply in those lands.
The United Arab Emirates' UN Representative, Lana Zaki Nusseibeh, said the world cannot remain silent while women in Afghanistan are being raped. that they may perish and be utterly destroyed.
The MCIC in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs of Upper Lumparing and Lower Lumparing, has organized a meeting to inaugurate the new road from Lumdorbar to Lower Lumparing on 29th July Sanbor Shullai MLA. Speeches were delivered by Dominot Wankhar, Rangbah Dong, Rangbah Shnong Upper Lumparing, FM Khongsit, Social Secretary of MCIC. South Shillong, along with other dignitaries who praised Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA, for his hard work in bringing about the development schemes which the people of Greater Lumparing Area have longed for.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Chairman of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Conrad K Sangma has convened a meeting tomorrow at his residence at 7 pm to discuss the upcoming elections. The President of the country has given his full support to the NDA candidate Draupadi Murmu, who is also a native of Odisha.
In the past seven years, he said, there have been 14,754 incidents of collisions with elephants and in these incidents, 69 people have been killed, 48 injured, 1325 houses were damaged and 113,194 crops were damaged.
What causes dissatisfaction and doubt is not only the way the curriculum is introduced in schools but especially the delay in setting and introducing more subjects.
“I as the Vice-President don't agree at all with the demand of the JSU to have its own characters in Pnar because until now we write and read in Khasi and what will happen if all the departments of the jaidbynriew such as “It's a good idea to ask the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, Maram, Lyngngam and War to have their own writing systems, how many of us have disappeared from this world,” he said.
Nongpoh: The Sohkhwai Umdu Unit of the FKJGP (FKJGP) has expressed its opposition to the plan of the Ri Bhoi Tourism and Environmental Development Forum (RBTEDF) to hold a khwai competition in the Umtrew River at Lailad.
However, after various groups came out to protest against the charge of murder, the charge was dropped and charges were filed under Sections 279, 336 and 427 IPC. by holding a meeting at Stand Jeep, Shillong.
The authorities of the Municipality and the Education Department were discussed.
“From my achievements and contributions in many activities in which I have already participated, NEBA has recognized and awarded me this award. The announcement will be made on May 15, 2022. The award will be held on May 15,
Bah Melamshwa was sworn in at a meeting today at the Dorbal Hall, Iewpyrsing, Nongkrem.
“The SSA teachers of Meghalaya have been facing increasing difficulties under the MDA Government because the salaries of the SSA teachers have not been paid on time until they had to leave. to the street from time to time," the statement said.
UT Secretary, Education Purva Garg, together with Director School Education Harsuhinder Pal Singh Brar, UT Chief Engineer CB Ojha and other officials, visited the four schools as they are so far. , where such implementation continued.
Referring to the incident in Jatalong as a private matter of the two groups, Prestone appealed to the Seng Bhalang not to make a public issue of this issue. hi is a private matter".
“We are sorry and we are thinking for you, tomorrow when the shops of other ethnic groups are filled you will work in something else,” said the President of the KSU. If you don't have a permit to open a shop, you don't have the support, the time will come when we will stop the shops of foreigners. shops here in Pyntha-umdan, many times we have to come down from Sohra to drive out all the foreigners who have smuggled in once a day.
Therefore, at a special meeting held today, it was decided that the Examination Department will start an indefinite strike from the 20th until the demand is received,” said a statement from NEHUNSA. The current OSD has retired as Controller of Examination since 31st November 2020 but has been re-appointed as OSD.
The referee gave extra time and in the remaining minutes both the teams were fighting hard to win the title. win.
In fact, we cannot say that the Government of India has slept too late in the fight against covid-1
Nongpoh, July 21: To commemorate the brave deeds and sacrifices of one of the youths from Ri Bhoi District who took part in the fight against the authorities for the sake of the people, the Khasi Students KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit together with the KSU Umrit Unit recently visited the family members of this youth as part of their encouragement and announcement. They have done and given their body and soul to this young man of the nation.
O R Shallam May 26, 2021 While the world is struggling to find ways and means to eradicate the Covid-19 pandemic which has claimed lives continuously since its inception.
With the exception of nine states, namely Chandigarh, Delhi, Punjab, Rajasthan, Jharkhand, Meghalaya, Tripura, Maharashtra and Puducherry, the number of polygamous men declined in almost all other states between 2015-1 and 2019–21.
The Central Government has declared two groups of illegal immigrants in Tripura and all their groups as illegal organizations.
Ma Dawan admitted that Bah Hamletson has acknowledged that Namdong has the right to get the C&RD Block in order to provide adequate services to the people in the rural areas.
Gavin Mylliem said the list of new office bearers of the party will be sent to the Election Commission of India (ECI) for approval.
At that time, Dr Pradyumna Kumar Mahanandia was just starting his career and was a very poor young man who was studying at the College of Art in Delhi.
Therefore, you should not throw it away.
Ed (Diploma in Elementary Education) in which they have not yet reached the improvement target of 45%.
The enactment of Sections 171 and 34 of the IPC as well as Section 105 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 against the HITO, shows the misuse of power by the police.
After the opening ceremony, LG also inaugurated the Inter House Sports Tournament of the school.
The Minister said that this is part of the decision to improve the working methods of the Electricity Department, which has been taken by the Government in the past two years.
The Labor portfolio has now been handed over to Ola, an 86-year-old leader from Rajasthan.
Speaking to reporters, these elders, who were mentioned above, said, “We have thanked our parents who have won us with great honor.
Those who go to the funeral, only 40 persons should go, but they must have permission from the office of the District Magistrate.
In addition to roads, overloading also affects bridges that are old and in need of repair.
It is time for these new MLAs, if they are intelligent, how to guide the youth to stand on their own feet because the opportunities for employment in the Government departments have increased. low.
On the other hand, the group will respect the promise of the Chief Minister and believe that the Government will act soon to complete this task.
The Rangbah Shnongs of these 7 villages said that Nongtalang CHC has indeed been a hospital which has served the poor and needy for many decades.
In the second half, Maw U-Tieng FC struggled to score the first goal of the match and in the 52nd minute, Phibashisha Lyngdoh scored the first goal. to score the equalizer.
The notice also stated that Lalremsanga was unjustly arrested in 2013 in connection with the seizure of drugs which he had a license to transport.
Better utilization of surplus products from agricultural activities like parali will solve the problem of air pollution and promote hygiene, environment and recycling of surplus products.
“The introduction of the AFSPA is not the way forward and we feel that this Act should be abolished and urge the Central Government not to take measures to prevent the introduction of this Act. to create the mechanisms to end the illegal activities in a proper manner as soon as possible,” they added.
An army spokesman said the drone crashed in parts of Pakistan and nothing was found in the border areas.
Lyngdoh has had the opportunity to play five matches.
The Khynroo Khyllood Chilliangraij Niamtre Committee on the 25th of this month celebrated its 10th Anniversary of its journey to teach religious knowledge among the children of Niamtre.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : NEIGRIHMS on Saturday launched a workshop on 'Deceased Organ Donation' met when dead.
It may be recalled that on 2nd July 2019, Waibha K Kyndiah, General Secretary, MPCC, has written to the Presidents of Districts, in which he has directed them, to inform those who wish to contest the election. The Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura Constituencies and that these names should be submitted to the MPCC office before 20th July
The president of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) Roipar Kharrawai said that the victims were taken to hospital after they became very weak.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Secretary Timothy D Shira, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLAs. including Rupert G Momin, Charles Pyngrope, Lahkmen Rymbui, Banteidor Lyngdoh and senior government officials.
The LAB (lactic acid bacteria) and IMO (indigenous micro organism) used in the manufacture of this fertilizer were also explained.
The order of the Committee of the Legislative Assembly came after the MLAs who are members of the Committee visited the Dam on July 25,
Shillong, June 15: The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) has invited all the clubs that have joined the association to take part in the Cricket Tournament which will start in the first month of June.
He said that the allegation by the Seng Samla Hima Langrin that the Syiem alone has decided to provide financial assistance to the churches is wrong as the Ministers and Lyngdohs have decided together to provide financial assistance to the 36 churches. lakh tyngka, which has reached 10.44 lakh tyngka for the year
Ms. Dipika Lyngdoh explained in detail about the Eri Ryndia clothes from Meghalaya and explained the various aspects of the production of these clothes by her talented people.
But now where shall you find such things except in those deserts or in the holy forests which are in the villages?
The HSPDP, which was also known as the Singh Party, has won without allowing other parties and this time it has won the election in this constituency. Many of the people today will witness whether the power of the lion will still be able to win the mid-term elections after the death of Maieid.
After the construction, Reliance-Jio did not repair these sections of the road.
This is Zechariah's doubt and unbelief.
The passing away of Rev.Dr.Iarington Kharkongngor on the 21st of November, 2020, is not only a loss to his family, relatives, the Presbyterian Church but also to the entire nation.
The budget speech can be viewed on the website of the National eVidhan Application and on the website of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly through: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Dapborlang Marwein on Tuesday gave training to the Chief Minister on how to use the National eVidhan Application.
In the second leg of the Third Division, Mawdngong Sports Club beat Nongthymmai Neng Sports Club 1-0 with a goal scored by the defender of Nongthymmai. John Khongsit scored the second goal in the 37th minute.
The Daloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot and 5 Kurs of Mukhla Village brought 12 goats near Nan Thadlaskeiñ.
As soon as you came up to our mountain, you found a woman.
Priya Ramani, one of the journalists, recalls an article she published in 2017 entitled 'We'll get you all one day' about MJ Akbar.
The Minister also mentioned the contribution of the Tura Diocese to the health sector, which has taken the lead in the fight against Covid-19, the opening of the Pastoral Center in Tura to provide accommodation to many Covid patients. to receive treatment and also to distribute relief items such as food items to the people in need during the curfew.
Lamphrang said that HANM does not feel any anger because the place where they set up the mawpupu is within the border of Assam and the HANM has done this to show it to Assam. He said that the people of Assam also have the right to enter the border of Assam and warned Assam not to show force to the residents of Assam lest the HANM will decline by the dozens. thousand people to demonstrate on the border with Assam.
As allocated, arrangements have been made to provide one or two helicopters for the election related operations.
The HSPDP has demanded the repeal of the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries Act,
The government has ordered residents of the city to build petrol bombs and fight hard to defend the city from Russian attacks.
The property of criminals in money laundering will also be confiscated after the passage of these laws.
It was also announced that those who wish to take the tests at the Entry Point will be charged according to the new price which is based on the price of Below Poverty Line Household (BPL), those who have color cards. stem and pink color according to doctors.
There are also allegations that when missionaries intend to come to the country to preach, their visas have been restricted. also should not appear as missionaries but have to come as tourists.
Dapmon Kyndait won the men's category with a time of 21:38:35 and received a cash prize of 7,000 tyngka. Manso Kyndait, who came third in 22:40:98, won the cash prize of 5,000 tyngka. .
Not only that, but he said that the Chancellor is trying to force even the village authorities, who have stopped him when he was walking and standing from one of the village authorities. He has not received permission from the office of the DC, Ri Bhoi.
The Minister of Education said that the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has also rescheduled the date of the examination after receiving information about the cancellation of these examinations.
In the Arts department, there are 25,900 students who will sit for the examination.
At the same time, SK Sunn also met with the leaders of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of 14 villages from Lad Mawreng to Pomlum. Shillong South Division, and demanded that the government should rebuild the footpaths and parking lots, which have been destroyed by the company.
New Shillong doesn't care whether you are a Khasi or a Dkhar, you cannot enter and leave this place freely.
Shillong: Seven shops in Bhoirymbong Market have been destroyed by fire at around 10 pm this morning.
In connection with the incident, it was reported that the young woman had boarded the auto from Byrnihat, with the intention of going to 18mer and was riding in an auto rickshaw number ML-10-B- 7656, but when the auto reached the 17mer area, the young woman fell out of the auto and sustained serious injuries.
He expressed his pleasure to see the standard educational program during these two days.
Jesus treated this young man as an equal, highly valued his knowledge and understanding of the Law and especially his power and potential.
The Domestic Cargo Terminal of the port has imported and delivered more than 1000 metric tonnes of cargo in the past three months including 146 tonnes in July, 411 tonnes in November and 426 tonnes in April this year.
Shillong, Naitung 21: A man named Bah Moris Biam, resident of Bakur, Shillong, has disappeared while going to the toilet at 6 pm this evening. the village, which is in Dawki.
The water tank has been constructed at a length of 40 meters and a height of 4.5 meters with a capacity of 1150 liters of water per second.
In the men's 6km race, Daniel Wahlang came first, Mehdi Hassan came second and Sainkupar Jyrwa came third.
Shillong, July 04 : The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has strongly condemned the decision of the state government to operate odd/even numbers for commercial vehicles in Khyndailad and Iewduh areas on the grounds of reducing traffic jams. car.
However, these reports are not based on scientific knowledge and are speculative.
A total of 663 graduate students and 369 undergraduate, post graduate and diploma students were awarded.
U Sebastian Suchiang 2.
He said that there was a time when there were only seven MLAs in the opposition who won from one party but the Lamphang at that time had recognized the Leader of the Opposition.
He said that up to six fire engines have fought the blaze and two water trucks of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) have come to help.
After five minutes, Lajong had a free-kick but the ball went wide and the ball went wide.
The Mobile App has been launched since 1st July
Under this project, up to 30 village schools in East and West Jaintia Hills districts will receive solar light and 200 households in Laskein block will receive electricity from this project.
However, suddenly in 2021, in July, the Government dismissed him.
Noting that the rules of the Model Code of Conduct will be strictly implemented throughout the state, the CEO said, “There are many who misunderstand, but according to the rules of the ECI, the work of the MCC shall come into force immediately on the date of the announcement of the election.
At the same time, the Association is ready to assist the Council in increasing its income through the Lukha River.
Referring to the problems faced by the teachers and students, who attended the school, only last year the teachers had to hold school late and this disaster has happened now. The MC and the teachers have to build a new building for this year, which will affect the students in the school. village.
On the railway, he said the government will also write to the North East Frontier Railway to set aside land at the railway stations so that they can build checkpoints or Facilitation Centers as part of the security measures. to the foreigners.
There shall also be a proper and accurate census and there shall be no piece of land or forest which shall not be included in the census and it shall not be known that there is no owner.
He urged the government to conduct a search for people with disabilities so that everyone can get the DC and get the benefits from the government.
It is on this basis that the Word of God says – “Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers.
According to the new rules of the AIFF, the winners from different states of the country will qualify for the Third Division.
To prevent poverty, you see that alcohol is the only source of income generation.
The organizers of this campaign are willing to cooperate with all stakeholders in Ïawmusiang such as the office of the DC Jowai, JHADC, Jowai Municipal Board, Dorbar Chnong Tympang Club, Ïawmusiang, the organizers of the three The Seiñ Raid Market, the CNI Chor Market and the Presbyterian Church, Jowai have been invited to join hands for this purpose.
The RDA will also take action to oppose the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), the opposition to the mining of uranium, and to inform the Government of India that it will not implement the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) in all areas. within the borders of the State and to oppose any attempt to force various issues.
More than 10 million adults in India lose their lives each year due to tobacco, which accounts for 9.5% of deaths and this clearly shows that tobacco is the leading cause of death in you country.
The Gospel of Matthew 5:17-20 refers to the law and the prophets.
Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare was the chief guest in the presence of Dy.CEM Laski Rymbai, JHADC Chairman Ma Finelyness Bareh, DC Bah FM Dopth and others.
At the same time, the group also gave suggestions for the betterment of the future of these children.
As an MLA, he urged the people to make proper use of the parking lot to maintain it for the benefit of the people. Market in Iewmawlong village to bring cleanliness and beauty.
The people who walk on the footpaths also have the right not only to vendors.
He drowned on the 14th of this month at Kudle Beach, Gokarna in Kuom Taluk, Karnataka while trying to rescue two tourists who were drowning.
“The BJP is trying to rapjot in front of the people by threatening to hand over the investigation to the ED and CBI, but the people know and understand the party's plans.
They were waiting for the Messiah to come down from heaven.
Shillong, November 14: Nongrah SC scored 17 goals in the 2nd Division Football League 2023 2023 2023 against Imson. SC on Friday at the SSA Ground.
While the taxi drivers of Jaïaw said that this parking lot has been in existence for more than 30 years, but they are happy to leave this place where everyone knows this parking lot.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that regarding the management of District Councils in the state, the state government does not want to interfere.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Various political parties, including 10 political parties, will meet the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma tomorrow at 3 pm to discuss the ILP. It is understood that the meeting with Mukul Sangma tomorrow will be to discuss only the ILP. That tomorrow is the final decision of the civil society to get the ILP, or to protest from the 30th of this month.
These 80 doctors are currently undergoing treatment, 12 are in hospital and others are under home quarantine.
This place is about 12 km from Mukoilum in West Karnataka.
Up to 21 dance groups from Seiñraij Mukhla from different parts of the country and from Seiñraij Nartiang youth participated.
The Kongthei cried loudly and immediately gave birth to Lanosha.
They were arrested while they were parking trucks entering Mawlai village to go to FCI and also trucks coming from Polo area to enter FCI. However, these 11 persons were released. just four hours after they were arrested.
There will also be a karma where about 15,000 people will be able to watch various traditional dances and about 1 hour will be allowed for the people in traditional costumes to dance inside the hall. you have made a special tree.
The GNLA wants not to amend the Constitution and Customs which has not existed since the Kulong Kumah. Marak said the GNLA will not allow any attempt to amend or reshape the Constitution. Custom.
This law shall not apply on Sundays.
The Laitkroh Constituency Committee of KHNAM will be formed in the middle of November in Laitkroh.
Although the application for ticket from Shillong seat has been slow due to the large number of candidates, the President said that no candidate has applied for Tura seat yet. decision.
Not only that, while the Solicitor General, Tushar Mehta, who is speaking on the issue, there were those who showed various emojis, such as thumbs down, laughing. , which was shown on the screen and therefore Mehta, believes, that this action, has no significance to decide this kind of case.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to take part in the celebration of MCSWA's 40th Anniversary.
On the appearance of Congress office bearers, Bah Pynshngain said that the demand for non-cooperation is unfounded because as party leaders, if there is a shortcoming, they have to be tolerant because tolerance will be tolerated. bring good.
Only the leaders of the BJP, through these names, while other leaders of other political parties, have not remembered to vote for themselves. Therefore, we don't understand what it means to call ourselves shaiwala or showkidar, when we have the title of member of parliament or the The Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha, which are the highest houses of democracy in India and therefore we should use these names, which have been accepted and recognized by the Constitution and in which the leaders can to address all the problems in the country and not just to be a tea seller or a showkidar.
He said that on the 16th, UDP Ranikor leaders including Bah PK Raswai, Pius Marwein, Bahdeng Wahlang, Golstar D Shira and others visited the border villages of Ranikor Constituency to distribute funds. They are also taking measures to provide assistance to the villages in the Upland Area.
Dr Vishal said that this is due to the depletion of keratin, which is found in the tyrsim which grows and grows from time to time.
At the same time, the HNYF has demanded that Bah James Sylliang should explain to the public who the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning Area are. They rejected their objection at the place where they asked for a reply from the President of KSUMsning Circle, Bah Peterson Kylla.
Dr War said that the man works as a pharmacist at the Civil Hospital and is a high risk contact of the Civil Hospital. Rangthong PHC on 4th July
The containment area will be closed from midnight on the 6th.
However, after a complaint to the office in Sohra, they said that they were wrong, and after that the bill did not arrive.
Tariang FC won the title after beating Nohron SC 2-0 in the final of the 8th Secondary School Invitational Football Tournament organized by the Pdengshakap Dorbar Shnong, Amlarem Sub Division on Tuesday. Saturday.
This is something that needs to be improved, we have to put things in the right direction.
Government departments who inspected the school on that day took pictures of the school and the report of their inspection will be sent to the heads of their departments. The report will be submitted to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to compare all the reports received and to issue a decision whether to close or open the school.
The polling will be held on 28th March, 3rd November and 7th November 2020; The new vote will be held on 10th November
The meeting was held at the Ri Khasi Free Morning School, New Nongstoin on the first day of the month and hundreds of leaders and followers of the group attended the meeting. to gather together the residents to discuss the future of the area and the nation.
In the north, there are many farmers who lose their livelihoods because of the poor agriculture.
He also gave an example that the cause of chess is because people don't think before they do anything and when you look at the chess players, you can see that they are slow and thoughtful before they do anything. take the step to play chess.
Juber Ahmad, Assistant Commissioner of Sylhet Metropolitan Police, died yesterday after falling from his house while he was stealing money.
They also invite people from other countries to vote,” said Nadda and said that such people should not be allowed in the state.
On this occasion, along with other clubs, many people from the area came to celebrate the occasion.
Nongstoiñ, July 23: Police of Nongstoiñ Police Station, on Tuesday arrested a man suspected of involvement in murder and seized a firearm from his police station. your body.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the bank should not recognize the registration of land by the KHADC, because there are people who take money by placing land.
It may be recalled that after receiving the invitation letters from the government, the Sengbhalang leaders said that their meeting on the 29th will be to force the government to implement the Inner Line. Permit in the state, as a law that can prevent the illegal influx of foreigners into the state.
JOWAI: Ladthadlaboh SC beat Sohmynting SC 1-0 in the final of the 9th Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy sponsored by West. The 2013 FIFA World Cup will be held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
It’s difficult to give one hundred percent but this didn’t deter me from the hard work that got me this far to receive this award.
As a civil sub division, you have the right to have an SBI branch.
They are said to have shot down Japanese aircraft in the Bay of Bengal in
“The people should come forward to take part in the celebration in a peaceful manner,” he told reporters. .
It was also witnessed that a Karbi youth was injured when a stone fell from parts of his shyllangmat.
However, those sanctioned in West Khasi Hills should not be taken elsewhere.
We have all seen and known that Home Quarantine is like water in the soul of a cow as happened in Nongrim Hills Shillong from the Quarter of Doctors, Nurses, Staff of Bethany Hospital, that the person who has been admitted quarantine to buy meat and others who after a few days received a report that she was positive for Coronavirus, and the Government had to track those all who have met her.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: Thousands of fish have died and drowned in the Umtrew River from 15 Mer to Tandu, Assam. The reason for the dumping of waste by factories in Byrnihat area, Ri Bhoi District.
Referring to the implementation of central government schemes in the state which the BJP has appointed him as the Chairman, he said that as of now the works have gone smoothly and after inspection to ensure that He said that the schemes should reach the people so that they can benefit and they will submit a report according to the findings to the BJP leaders in Delhi. Dr Bernadette Lyngdoh for Khasi Hills, Lakhon Biam for Jaintia Hills and Bernard Marak for Garo Hills.
The BJP, which is an anti-minority and anti-Christian party, has tried to enter Mizoram through the trade ban through MNFU President Amit Shah. The Bill to recognize as citizens of India Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists, Christians and Parsis from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan who came before 2014.
“This problem can be solved if the government accepts it and sends it to the Governor for approval after reading it which will not take too long,” said Bah Lanong.
In addition, it has been warned against the storage of coal in agricultural areas without permission.
Shillong, Lber 11: The UHM North Khasi Hills District has lodged a complaint with the electricity authorities due to the increasing fire in Umsning area.
“To continue what I have said, in this age of mobile phones and internet, nothing is slow, not even the work of poikha poiman,” said Santa.
Not only that, when we look back at the present, it has become clear that it is a disease of earnings and wealth of the government, all the rules announced by the government do not work even if they have violated the rules. Have you done anything for them, O government? Where else do you promise to punish all those who violate the rules, and these rules have worked and insulted the Christian religious groups as said Bah Arden Miller Basaiawmoit.
However, there are more private and community forests than government or District Council forests.
In this regard, KHNAM has suggested to the District authorities to operate Odd/Even for private vehicles and not Odd/Even for commercial vehicles.
The petition was signed by the Meghalaya Hajong Welfare Association, the Meghalaya Rabha Jatio Sewa Sangha (MRJSS), the Meghalaya Koch Association, the Meghalaya Boro Sahitya Sabha and the All Mann Tai Speaking Welfare Association.
Nongpoh, June 04: All government offices, Revenue and Magistrate Courts and all schools in Ri-Bhoi District will be closed on 10th June due to the Happy Happy Soul.
AL Hek, Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, has donated one month's salary to the Kerala Relief Fund of the Chief Minister.
The Constitution of India was adopted on 29th November 1949 followed by the proclamation of India as a Republic on 26th July
Both Yadav and Sonu said that this is an opportunity for the job seekers in the state but warned the government that if it does not implement the measures, the residents will suffer in the country. relating to employment under this scheme.
Applications after the deadline will not be accepted and only those from Eastern West Khasi Hills District will be eligible to participate.
Shah said that whether it is the fight against insurgents, the prevention of crime, the maintenance of order in the community, the protection of people during natural disasters and tragic incidents, or in times of crisis such as the Corona pandemic, the Police have shown their hard work in all these activities.
The hesitation and reluctance of the people to get vaccinated against covid19 is high in the State.
“At present we cannot say anything because as a Forum we need to consult first,” he said.
“Therefore, we have decided to stop especially when we learn what the party leaders want.
The Bud registration was held on the 22nd of this month and the Bud registration was completed today.
Aroha Choir, Na La Rympei and Bethany Society's Band and Choir will also perform at the concert.
“Agriculture is in a case of openness to all, order, steady progress and prosperity.
“Regarding the investigation into this, she said that it is all up to the Government.
To complete this remaining work, an additional amount of Rs 30 to Rs 40 crore is required.
In 2016, the Forest and Environment Ministry of Bangladesh announced the rehabilitation of 1,945 acres of land in Madhupur, Tangail district, where 7,000 Garo people live. , which are located in 13 villages and most of them are Catholic.
He also expressed his surprise why the KHADC has not allowed him to speak to the public and reminded that on the days when there is a public hearing organized by any party, he has sent to “But they didn't come,” he said.
In the match between Uttarakhand and Maharashtra, if Uttrakhand loses, Meghalaya will come second, but unfortunately Uttrakhand beat Maharashtra, and made the Meghalaya Blind Football Team to ranked third out of nine states.
He said that there are families who not only go to school but also help their mothers in the work of working whether it is working on Saturdays or other work.
He said that the people living below the Umiam Dam have been requested to be vigilant and advised not to cross the Umiam River to avoid any tragic incident.
It may not be used by those people who want to take advantage of politics”.
Elenda Sangriang, mother of the children from Mawpat village in Wahkaji South West Khasi Hills District, said that the incident happened on July 20 when her children were sleeping in the house. They went to harvest the tit only for the children and they cooked it themselves when their parents were not at home.
In the next match, Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu and Madanthad Thadmuthlong shared 10 points after a 2-2 draw.
This was witnessed on Friday when groups of Sengbhalang from Nongstoin including UHM, WKSU, WFF, HANM, MYF and KSU together with women's organizations arrived at the MCH in Nongstoin and stopped the work. The purpose of the meeting was to take back the equipment from the hospital.
The committee will be headed by the Labor Commissioner as Chairperson, the SP (CID), the Asst Director of Social Defence, the Public Prosecutor, the Chairperson of the Child Welfare Committee. deputy labor commissioner as member secretary.
Shillong, July 9: The Catholic Association of Khasi Hills (KHASI) on Saturday, July 7, 2014 at the Archbishop's residence in Shillong, under the chairmanship of its Chairman, Bah JA Lyngdoh, has strongly condemned the brutal and inhuman murder of the mother of four children, Josbina Sangma, by the Garo rebels. The GNLA on July 3, 2014 at Chokpot village in Garo Hills.
Soh manir also helps to lose weight and is the best type of soh to eat during the rainy season.
He said that if these articles are available, it will be easier for the youth and researchers to do their own work.
Please clarify, because in your news it appears that the NPP won from the ground. The NPP won only in Pynthorumkhrah and South Shillong (2 seats).
In the Khasi District Council, the highest turnout was in 10-Nongshken constituency with 85.47% turnout including 8488 males and 9095 females. There were 17583 voters.
Ukhrul SP Ningshem Vashum said the robbers, armed with firearms, came to Kuki village from the hills and fled to the east of the village.
“I have already told them (Congress leaders) to invite Dr. Mukul Sangma to come (return to the Congress) and I am ready to resign from the post of President of the party. Mukul himself says that the Congress party has declined and it is not useful to leave the opposition party to the opposition party. we should get the power ourselves,” said Bah Pala.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: Once again, old songs were played again at the District Library Jowai on Thursday morning through the Discover Jaintia Festival to promote tourism.
It is not like Angela Rngad's foolish statement that Khasi (men and women) who are married go to work abroad or in America and become citizens of the East and are no longer Hynniewtrep.
“It is not easy to establish a school, the ability of this school to rise to this level shows the skill and knowledge of the management,” said Kong Syiem and urged the students not to leave. school only to pass an examination, but they should study so that the knowledge they gain will last a lifetime.
When God heard the groaning of the children of Israel in Egypt, God remembered His covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
The Garo leaders love their Garo country and their people very much, therefore they buy tens and hundreds of crores of rupees from the Hynniew Trep leaders for the benefit of their people.
“Therefore, we have decided to set up a committee headed by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and the members will be from different parties,” he said. Chief.
You too have heard that many people have applied for tickets from the UDP and other parties.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday handed over the garbage truck to the Hima Mylliem at a meeting held at Basa Sohsaw. in Judea.
Bah Shullai said that other ethnic parties without vision are nothing but like the seeds that grow during the seasons that will come and go.
The time and venue will be announced later once the winners have been received.
At the same time, he said he could not disclose the number of candidates who have filed their nomination papers for the MP election as it is the decision of the leaders in Delhi.
Shillong, Naitung 18 : Wahlyngkhat SC beat Pyrdiwah SC 2-1 in the Olim Singh Syiem Memorial Trophy 2022 sponsored by Riwar Mihngi. Association (RMSW&SA) which is one of the oldest associations.
The BJP has lost in these three states because it has been in power for a long time in these states.
On receiving the information, the police rushed to the village and found three persons who were seriously injured and took them to the hospital. Mokibul Islam died before reaching hospital while Mikseng died of serious injuries while Bita Rabha is still alive and is still undergoing surveillance at Tura Civil Hospital. but he was in great distress.
No one remembers these stones but from the geological point of view they are very important to explain the workings of the Ñiamra forces.
The meeting was attended by Chief Secretary WMS Pariat and Commissioner Donald. P Wahlang and others, school children and parents who have been selected to receive the tablet.
Regarding the food for these home quarantined persons, the government will provide food items for 14 days through the village officials.
The ambulance, which took a child to hospital, was accompanied by police.
Baghmara MLA Samuel M Sangma, who has resigned from the UDP to join the BJP, said the election was due to the development of the Prime Minister. for the state even though the BJP has not yet ruled the state.
When asked, he said that the owners of land outside the alignment of the road have not received their payment.
According to police, these Sengbhalang leaders had gone to Nartiang to swait and monitor a vehicle which was going to buy drugs.
Jesus came into the world, and was baptized of him in Jordan:Matthew 3:13;
Regarding the insurgents' activities in Garo Hills, Mehta said that the police will crack down on the insurgents in these areas and soon in the coming months he will visit them with the police. Chief of Police to listen to the situation in the area.
This FIRE of water that has happened on this earth reminds us of the FIRE of GOD'S LIVING WATER in our lives.
Basil, 71, has been accused of being one of those who embezzled Sri Lanka's wealth.
The FKJGP, Upper Shillong, today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, regarding the threatening letter of the army.
Father Manbha Pakem Director of the Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) said, “Children are the future of the country and the nation. education so that they can stand on their own feet and become the beneficiaries of society.
Thus this spirit was cleansed.
Out of the seven injured, two of them were seriously injured. On receiving information about the incident, police rushed to the scene to take the injured to hospitals. don't be closer.
Democracy is government of the people by the people and for the people and the question is whether the people really participate in the process of governance? What the KJCLF has done is to ensure that the people in any form participate in democracy. The question is whether it is not true that our participation in democracy ends. only during elections? Is that the true meaning of democracy? If the state is to develop and good governance is to improve, we need the participation of all the people in all spheres of governance and at all times.
Speaking to some of the former sportsmen of the state, they said that the main reason is that Meghalaya is not as good as other states in the North East in the field of sports.
“Bah Rani said that during the meeting with the Dy CEM, he said that he has his own price fixing and in the border areas the price is very low, but the union urged that the Autonomous District Council should release the registration of land in the border areas.
He passed away at 1.15 pm, according to a statement from Dr A War DHS (MI), Shillong.
On the part of the District authorities, PK Boro, MCS congratulated the Governor for his support and explanation that the government schemes should be implemented in the right manner.
He said that Shangpung also needs to improve in terms of development and to speed up the work of the engineers and employees of PWD North Jowai Division it will be easier to have this office in Shangpung.
The good seed that was sown in the darkness or in the light does not grow.
The Secretary of the SRT, Women Wing, said that in the past few days, the JSM has collected money in the name of the Children's Home without any permission or knowledge. Chain Rice Tuber, Women's Wing.
The areas in San Shnong are rich in coal but the villagers are confident that the Tourism Department and the Government will provide assistance and support to develop this tourism industry,” he said. said.
The United States and Australia have expressed their deep concern over the military coup.
Rima Das, a renowned filmmaker in the country, was also present as the chief guest at the festival.
In his speech, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “This hero of the nation, Tirot Sing Syiem, has shown a spirit of courage, of being a hero as a manly leader and it was during his time that the Khasi Syiems They worked together from the Hima Shillong to Rambrai despite the difficulties of traveling at that time”.
On the other hand, U Lyngdoh Sad expressed his gratitude to the Government and the Village Authorities for their promptness to take action and assist in this matter.
When the child is young, the responsibility of the mother is stronger because he is in the womb and walks nearby.
Hek has been working to get land for the KJP Synod to build a house in Delhi and Mawrie has been the voice to convey the concerns of the Catholic Church to the leaders in Delhi.
The meeting was conducted by S.Rymbai and B.Lyngdoh, NYV Mawpat Block. The meeting was attended by Bah D.Rapsang, Deputy Director, NYKS Shillong. Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MLA Mawryngkneng Constituency who was also the chief guest at the meeting.
That's what happened before the coronavirus.
During these two days there will be various programs especially to build and develop the Rangbah in the Church.
The contractors have threatened to stage a protest if the government does not pay them.
“The nurse on duty is alone and the chowkidar is not there,” said the KSU.
The people of Israel were angry with the Gibeonites' deceit and treachery, but because of the covenant they had made and sworn, they could no longer change their minds and break the covenant.
Raplang Khongstia won the Best Player title, Jopborlang Suchen won the Best Goalkeeper title and Kitbha Lakhi won the Top Scorer title.
The Inquiry Commission, Justice, has been appointed as the head of the Inquiry Commission by the Assam government officials and the residents of Mukroh. T.Vaiphei, who has begun to take sufficient evidence.
“We don't want to make Aadhaar compulsory and I and Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal have already sent a letter to the Central Government not to make Aadhaar compulsory in the Eastern States,” he said. Absolutely.
These foods are often high in fat and sugar so they are not very healthy.
Bogota (Colombia), July 12: It is unbelievable that children under the age of 13 and an 11-month-old baby will survive in the Amazon rainforest in Colombia for 40 days.
The HYC said that Dr Natalie has published four books in Khasi and two in English.
For he said, The temple is your body.
The reasons are because they see the work that the NPP has done in just five years.
The Sports Jubilee Games ended today at the Football Ground of Nongduh Sports Club, Mawlong, where Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Meghalaya was the Chief Guest and Bah Balajied Synrem, MLA Shella was the chief guest. u Special Symbud.
In the letter, Pyndap said that Adelbert's visit to the Election Commission shows that he has misled the Commission and has stolen just to hold the post of President. stand by your own candidates.
The Dorbar Shnong on Thursday night has launched a village march in collaboration with the police as part of the efforts to prevent such incidents from happening again in the village.
Shillong: U Dr Aman War, on Tuesday said that after the employees of Star Cement Factory in Lumshnong; The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, has directed the District authorities to shut down the dewbilat factory.
This insomnia is due to the many anxieties we face in our lives.
He complained that the power outage in the village is not only once but has happened from time to time and he said that the power outage has affected the people who have to rely on it. It also affects the students in schools and colleges.
Nongpoh: The residents of two villages including Nongmawlong and Mawlong Thymmai, villages under Umsning C&RD Block, have expressed their distress, as they have had to stay in the dark without electricity for almost a month. It has been 1 month since the transformer used by these two villages was lost last month and until now, the MeECL officials have not gone to replace it. and another transformer.
All government offices, courts, banks, schools and colleges in the district will be closed on that day.
When asked what his decision will be, he said the decision where and how to do it will depend on the people of Sohryngkham who will give him victory.
Shillong, Lber, 08: The West Garo Hills District on Tuesday celebrated the Month of Tuberculosis in collaboration with the world at a meeting held at Darengre PHC. in Gambegre Block, West Garo Hills on the theme “YES! We Can End TB".
Speaking on the violence by the Assam government, Samla Banjop Maring said that the evidence is clear that the Assam Police have destroyed the building of the SSA School at Khlieh Umwang. Madan Umwang village has also suffered the same disaster and the school built in the village has been demolished by the Assam Police.
He said that the trading license was issued after receiving authority from the KHADC officials to curb the illegal operation of foreigners without trading license.
“Then he amended the MRSSA (Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act), which has made it easier for those who are injured.
The arrested was identified as Vikas Singh, a resident of Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh, on charges of providing shelter and shelter to Deepak Surakhpur and Divyanshu of Faizabad who fired a rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) at a police station in Mohali in June 2022, a spokesman for the National Investigation Agency said.
Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (GHPA) Leader Conrad Sangma, his mother Soradini K Sangma and NPP MLA from Songsak Nihim D Shira were also present at the swearing-in ceremony. They were present to congratulate their MDCs, while no Congress leaders accompanied their MDCs.
So he went home and took the medicine prescribed by the doctor.
“This is a big milestone, which will be able to change the lifestyle of the residents in these areas as well as in other areas in the state,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, will attend a road show on the 24th of this month as part of the election campaign for the candidates of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Meghalaya. long on the 24th of this month.
The residents of Kongthong also expect that the government authorities will be able to complete the distribution of ration in Kongthong in order to restore peace and development in the village.
The driver of the vehicle, two guards and two of my employees were injured,” said the MLA, speaking to reporters. a moment.
However, if we turn back to the present which is called the new Jew or the new life we ​​see that there are many changes especially the leaders whom we have elected to rule us now and this is not only my duty. but this is the duty of each and every one of us who have the right to elect those public representatives to judge their work.
Chief Organizing of FKJGP Mawlai Circle Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej said that the party is pleased with the bank's response to the demand of the party and hopes that the new BM will cooperate with the people.
U (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, former MLA of Nongstoin, was one of the leaders who took part in the demand for a state of Meghalaya. .
Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Minister Sanbor Shullai, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, state government officials, leaders of various religions of the state, village headmen and the public.
He said that the meeting also discussed the spread and trafficking of drugs in the city, and many suggestions were received from the village leaders who attended the meeting.
Bah Banteidor also inspected the office of the MSOA where the group of organizations are competing to get a special office for the MSOA. Sports & Youth Affairs, and officers, John F Kharshiing, Working President, Vice President, Chiranjib Choudhury, Gen Secretary, K Warjri, Treasurer, S Swett, Joint Secretary, P Laloo, Richard Dkhar, Executive Member along with other officers of the Meghalaya State Sports Council.
In all, Sunday's shooting death toll brings the total to
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government has no choice but to suspend him after the search of his house and arrest by the SIT. The Crime Investigation Department (CID) has launched an investigation and registered a case under the Prevention of Corruption Act on 28th March. .
This has been a blessing to the school and college students who are eager to learn and learn.
He said that the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has planned to abolish the district councils in the state and it is clear that in the issuance of tickets for the MDC elections in GHADC, two Khar Muslims have been elected. get tickets.
And Hiram made a dead body.
It is time for him to be pleased to leave.
Sohra is known all over the world as the cleanest place in the world but the surprising thing is that during the rainy season this area is in the midst of a great water crisis. “It's not only the responsibility of government departments or soil conservation but it's also the responsibility of the soil conservation department,” said Bah Rowell. It is the responsibility of the villages to take responsibility to transform the area and the village into a prosperous and revivable one as in the days when it was famous and glorious.
In this regard, the University of New South Wales, Australia has named a hall “Go6” in memory of Annada Gohain, the first woman to graduate from the University of South Wales School. of Chemical Engineering, Sydney, Australia.
You know that very well".
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has donated T.1 lakh 10,000 to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund.
The judges of the day were Ilasara Kharkongor, Charles Lalthenmawia, Ketholeno Kense Vehienuo, S. Marwein and James Owen Farreira.
This was announced by the Waheh Village Council.
In this disease, it is clear that the small and medium-sized residents of the villages have no place and no one cares about their lives.
The Principal Secretary to the Home Department, KS Kropha, said that the state government is waiting for these policemen to arrive in the state to maintain peace and order. state.
“The Government is determined to ensure the success of this tournament with the hope that it will be one of the best tournaments.
“If you elect me, I will advocate for you and pass laws to protect the culture and traditions as enshrined in the Sixth Schedule,” said Lakhon. the foreigner shall not be employed in the work of the foreigner.
On the other hand, the Assistant Rangbah Shnong, Bah Carmelus Massar, said that through this mining, the company will not have any impact on the environment, as they have already signed an agreement to plant trees again. in these areas and this mining of coal, shall be done in a new manner which will not affect the plants and wildlife of this village.
Djokovic has won the Australian Open and French Open this season, and looks forward to winning four Grand Slams in the same year, with the US Open starting in April.
He said that the school has prepared many coaching opportunities for the students to sit for various examinations from the ranks of Doctor and Engineer.
This includes ensuring the ease of working in commercial activities and promoting compliance with the Program Code and Advertisement Code by program broadcasters and those operating distribution platforms.
The federation will check the documents submitted by the registered players before the start of the tournament and reserves the right to reject if it finds that the players do not have the documents. who are enough.
Only those who are eligible to approve the odd and even rule issued by the East Khasi Hills District Administration, that is, those who own up to two or three private vehicles.
“Furthermore, he said that the Hima Mylliem is a large Hima with a lot of land and it was found that the most important thing is that people come to the District Council to request for land records. the land record of the King.
Ninong Ering, MLA of Arunachal Pradesh, said that Chinese troops have increasingly invaded Arunachal Pradesh after invading Ladakh and Doklam and crossed the border between the two countries. to Ri.
Speaking to media in Shillong, Bah Desmond Mawlong said that during the inspection by Bah Jemino Mawthoh together with Bah Renikton Lyngdoh, Minister of PHE, The UDP has not gone to do politics on this issue, but to monitor the construction and implementation of the Dorbar Shnong Nongrah. the water scheme.
Similarly, those who have registered user IDs should send a report within 24 hours of the arrival of foreigners.
According to sources, the candidates for the post of President are Bindo M Lanong, Metbah Lyngdoh, Paul Lyngdoh and Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah MW Kyndiah, General Manager of IGGL, said that the company falls under the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas of the Union Government which has authorized the company to operate and operate. Gas pipeline in the state which is also the aim and target of the Central Government to deliver gas to all households by
Two fire engines rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire from the tractor.
Shymplong scored the first goal of the match through Raplang Syih (42).
Bah Honsen is one of the Khasi men who has become famous and successful in his own field even though he did not have the opportunity to go to school like others.
The Chief Minister's State Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 organized by the Sports Department of the State Government will start on Tuesday at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) Training Centre, Shillong.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the government is monitoring the matter and has taken seriously but it has not yet been confirmed when the talks will be held.
I replied that please tell them that as it appeared in Mawphor, they should publish this competition through Mawphor so that the people can know and listen. “It's not like that,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Furthermore, she has directed that the meat shops should also paint their shaiñdoh trees in white for the synïang shaiñdoh tree, stinging soh for the Masi tree and blue for the meat tree. the shaiñdoh of the flesh of the sheep.
He created and produced knives under his own trademark “Don Shullai”.
The state government's efforts to purchase several buses to transport school children have been appreciated by the court.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 12: U Conrad K Sangma has promised to employ up to 5 lakh people especially the youth in the next five years if the National People's Party (NPP) comes to power and forms a government. “In Ampati, it is just a ploy to mislead the people during the election,” said Samla Albert Maring from Paham Dumu village in Ri-Bhoi.
The people of Garo Hills have been struggling to convey their demand to the Government of India to grant Garoland a state.
He is the son of Missidion Swer and Chemphang Dhar who passed away about a year ago.
“Since the taxi drivers who used to park in this area, our market has declined dramatically because they have covered the area with tins and it has become like a cut. to our shops" said the shopkeepers.
The former Rangbah Shnong, Rapbor Roy Thangkhiew, won the election.
Coal is a mineral that will be exhausted and takes millions of years to recover, but to mine coal takes a few years, which means that coal will be exhausted and the source of income from coal “One day it will bring trouble to the people where else people will get another income,” said James.
First they announced that they will not cooperate with the state government in any matter except those for the benefit of the people, then they held a sit-in and after that they marched in a procession. They visited the Raj Bhawan residence of the Governor of Meghalaya three times to show their opposition to the delay in signing the VAB. They marched again on the 29th of March from Lachumiere (DIPR) to Keating Road, Khyndailad and ended at the Addl Secretariat. the people who came to take part.
At about 1:50 pm, the truck was trying to cross from one side and collided with the vehicle.
On the other hand, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar said that the KSU is pleased that the KHADC has decided to build a Police Outpost to provide security to the people living on the border of Langpih.
“As the General Secretary Incharge of the country, to accuse anyone should have thought carefully, and the accusation against the Chief Minister is sad from a person who has claimed to be the General Secretary. "he added.
The 16th will be a more interesting drama, to see the fight between the opposition and the ruling party.
The school, which has more than 500 students and has provided training to children from Nursery to Grade 10, has also been one of the training centers for the children from the village and neighboring villages as well.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has recommended and approved the ban on Russia's invasion of Ukraine. from these two countries to compete as neutral athletes in the upcoming foreign tournaments.
This happened on Friday, 23rd June 2020, just 10 months after the KSU Sonapyrdi Unit announced the recovery of the Lukha River and the resumption of fish. in this river; but suddenly this river turned over and all the fish were killed.
This behavior of the government has angered many people from all over the Khasi Hills and I who am writing this I am angry with this blind behavior of the government which does not care about the poor. Suk para Khasi while other ethnic groups don't want to do anything but para Khasi don't want to fall into the abyss.
He said the government has already submitted a proposal to NEEPCO to join hands with MeECL for the construction of a 240 Mega Watt Power Project on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
“It's like those who leave home only when it's time to cook and don't ask for food from their mother's house,” said Bah Shylla.
The Forum urged the Manipur government to end the violence which has affected the people.
Speaking at a public meeting at Polo after joining the party led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, Bah Adelbert said that the state has been invaded by foreigners in the field of trade. inheritance, then in the field of marriage, now slowly it has begun to be affected even by the rule of law.
However, as the height increases, it becomes smaller and smaller in places where it is only 1.30 meters and there are even smaller places, where even if two small vehicles meet, it is not possible.
There are many aspirations of the state and the BJP allows every citizen to express their views.
We too have been demanding for 20-30 years since we were serving as teachers but we have not been able to achieve anything.
People who came to condole the house of Kong Lumspah flocked to the house of Kong Lumspah, and in this incident it was also seen that many of the residents loved the house of Kong Lumspah and Bah Shanbor more than him. Village Headman.
When they are in trouble, they may have many thoughts that can lead to depression but through your phone calls from time to time it will help them to relieve their sadness and they will feel that receiving phone calls from you will be a job. in front of them.
Shillong: The HANM has urged the village leaders and government employees to refrain from employing foreigners.
He said that although the UDP has been defeated, it should not be disappointed as it will be dissolved on the 2nd of October.
Rekha is also one of the Bollywood actresses who loves to wear different types of sarees and wherever she is invited she wears her beautiful sarees.
