On the other hand, Abhijit Kro, proposed to improve the road to the 12 kurs, the fence, and on the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that the KHADC It will allocate funds to preserve this unique place which is the custom and tradition of the Khasi Kurs and Nations in the Ummat.
“We are ready to join hands for the restoration of peace.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, the Textbook Committee, the MBOSE, the Directorate. of Education Research and Training (DERT) and officers of the Ministry of Education.
The bill, known as the Assam Healing (Prevention of Evil) Practices Bill, 2024, will be introduced in the House, as it is believed that religion itself is free and should be maintained as usual.
The meeting was conducted by HH Mohrmen, President of SURE and welcome speech was delivered by the Secretary of Mustem Village, Lewanki Talang.
Members of the organization who have the responsibility to be vigilant to prevent the spread of COVID-19 which has spread around the world, which has also frightened the people of the country. especially due to the increase in the number of cases in Assam which borders Meghalaya.
Ramesh Mendis (576), who moved up three places after taking four wickets in the second innings of the Test against Ireland, came second to Jayasurya. 32nd place.
This clearly shows, that all projects have been hijacked," he further alleged.
Furthermore, it was found that one of the bridges of the road has started to collapse and the coins inside have come out.
With confidence I arranged with him that I would support him with a car so that he would be comfortable especially during the rainy season.
After two games in Stuttgart, and after witnessing several Bundesliga games, the team arrived in Augsburg for a month's training program in Germany.
He also urged the students to work hard to bring fame to their families, villages and the area as a whole.
According to information received, the pigs that died of the disease were from Tiehsaw village in West Khasi Hills District, so it is necessary to take measures to prevent the spread of the disease.
The NGT has directed to ensure the disposal of solid waste in accordance with the rules of Solid Waste Management in all markets once a month and to ensure cleanliness and separation of rotten and unclean waste. and that the residents should have the responsibility to clean up the environment for the sake of future generations and the present.
When asked about the party's preparation for the upcoming elections, Bah Pynshngaiñ Syiem said the party is well prepared to contest the upcoming elections.
In this regard, the union demands that the department should look into the issue of bill lights and the increase in electricity bill to the people and if the increase in electricity bill continues to increase, the union will not “We will take other measures and the cooperation of the people to take a decision against the electricity department,” said Samla Y Nongrum.
The reason is that the farmers have not yet benefited from the increase in their income and livelihood, despite their efforts.
Shiva Kewat, a day laborer in Shivpura, Madhya Pradesh, is a man who is suffering these days.
They said that they have already informed the Block Office in Mairang and the Agriculture Office Mairang who have also come to inspect the incident. .
There are 18 teams divided into four pools including Pool A, B, C and D. The teams in Pool A are Luti Tuber Ialong, FAM, Iawmusiang Nangbah and Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu.
The letter from the Ministry of Education said that last year Meghalaya was exempt from conducting CUET for colleges affiliated to NEHU, but this year the Government of India has not allowed it without pass this exam.
After reading this, the Chairman did not say anything and was interrupted by Bah A.Alley who said that the proposal of Prof.
The final match of the Under-14 category will be between Assam Rifle P.School and Umphyrnai Press.
This will be the first time in Sohphoh and these schools have set a target to clean up every month.
She decided to herself that she wouldn’t think anything more about these problems because they were inside the box.
“If they hand over the distribution of electricity to private companies, it will put pressure on the households, because the low income people will suffer from the increase in the price of electricity. electrified".
The attack came three months after ISIS militants shot dead dozens of people at the Bardo Museum in the Tunisian capital.
The group congratulated Kynpham Syiem of Lamurong, Syiem of Peace Convent Amlarem and Nongsaiñ Hima.
We should not lag behind, but stand firm and fight with the provision of all the necessities by the NTA.
The Saubhagra scheme was implemented by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in 2017 with the aim of providing electricity to all the households in the rural areas which have not yet received electricity. The RBYF has sought information through RTI to find out how much this scheme has benefited the rural people especially those poor families who cannot afford to install electricity. .
Therefore, the government should take action to consider and investigate how to really develop this industry which is the richest industry in the state because if this industry increases the youth don't need to work anymore. turn to government jobs because they have got various jobs from this tourism industry.
“Besides the loss of income, parents have to buy computers and mobile phones for their children to do online classes and this creates more problems for the parents,” he said. Banishment.
The party requests all participants to refrain from any act that violates the law and disrupts the peace and order of the protest, said a statement from VPP Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh.
Mr.@SangmaConrad, you should have borne the illnesses of the people and not their income!” said the TMC on Twitter.
The new cases include 304 cases from East Khasi Hills, 56 cases from West Garo Hills, 16 cases from Ri Bhoi, 14 cases from West Khasi Hills, 6 cases from West Khasi Hills, 3 cases from Eastern West Khasi Hills and , North Garo Hills 1 and South West Khasi Hills
We all understand that if we pass through the Marten in Mawlai Mawiong, the snowfall is very terrible but the employees who work inside the Marten said that they don't have any snowfall because they are tired. and that they have been working in the area for many, many years.
Many of the bodies of the non-natives have been taken over by their relatives.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate Conrad K Sangma has expressed his confidence and hope that the result on the 19th will be a happy one for him after all the hard work in these days.
He said that the public should use updated software and also use Anti-Virus and Firewall for protection.
It is to be recalled that the river started changing color for the first time in 2007 from November to February
He said that although he is an MLA, he has the same goal of serving the people and improving the society.
Therefore, the government should immediately formulate an Agriculture Policy to ensure the welfare of the farmers and agriculture.
Fourth :- Jesus in giving the “MAHAM” says Matt.7:15, “Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. destroyed".
The speakers were Lovely Baruah, Jesmina Zeliang, Mitrani Kakti, Koijan Mantri, Yangoijam Maxwell, Zosangliana Hangzo, James Evantis Dkhar and C. Lalthlenmawia.
The HYC Mawlong Unit has admitted that a company from Kolkata has come to mine uranium at Laiseng Sohsarat village, 20 km from Sohra.
He also requested that if the implementation of chess is started, as the residents of the village should be cooperative through the giving of the right hand in all areas so that the work will be successful. walk smoothly without any disturbances.
The result is an increased risk of all sorts of diseases, including cancer.
Some of them have fallen ill, even while they are still suffering from the disease, according to the report.
On the other hand, Mim Bahadur Gurung, said that he is fortunate to be able to take part and witness the participation of children in the Meghalaya Games.
Finally, the KSU said that if Jio Telecom continues to ignore the complaints of the Seng, the KSU will take stronger measures and even to the extent of immediately shutting down the towers. Therbor Khongtani, General Secretary of KSU Nongtyngur Unit, said in a statement.
Traveling to Delhi is no longer a costly expense and the loss will be for the state especially the poor.
Shillong, June 23: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle on Saturday visited Kong Batemon Jyrwa of Umlyngka village who was tied up by unidentified robbers. on the 20th of this month while she was returning from work.
The laws made in the kingdom of King Ahasuerus were that Haman should be honored.
After playing for Ajax, Olsen started to stand out and he was definitely that great player in those days.
The Chairman said that the Committee will issue a public announcement in the media to invite researchers and will consider these proposals of researchers on the issues they wish to research. .
Nongpoh, Nailur, 13: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-bhoi District has announced that all government offices, Revenue and Magistrate Courts, schools and banks will be closed as a public holiday on 18th November Unitarian Anniversary Day.
She said it is a fact that there has been a delay in the investigation when any violence against women occurs.
Sanborlang Tang scored the first goal for Shikol (4) while Risanlang Dkhar (79) scored the second goal.
They should stay in their own houses and not go in and out of one house to another, even among those who live nearby.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Congress party, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, has joined the ruling PDF party in the KHADC. I am the King.
Shillong, July 30: The entry and exit points in the state will not help to curb the illegal influx of mynder into the state, except for the laws like ILP, Work Permit, Residential Permit and others. HYC General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin told reporters that the HYC has a strong law like the ILP.
They were taken to Mawlai PS and a commercial vehicle (ML-05G 8048) was seized.
In case of fire, do not remember to turn off the gas and power lines.
“However, as the court has issued a new order, the government will discuss this at the Cabinet meeting, the MDA meeting and we can also call a meeting of all parties. the world".
In this regard, they met with the Branch Manager of the bank, regarding this issue and the Branch Manager said that just because of the lack of proper link, has prevented the people from getting BSNL cannot provide the network to the bank.
Jowai, June 10: The 8th Secondary School Invitation Football Knock-out Tournament 2021-2022 has reached the final of the Pdengshakap Dorbar Shnong on Saturday. In the final match, Tariang FC beat Nohron SC 2-0 and Badon Marbaniang scored the first goal for Tariang FC in the 10th minute. 18 and the second goal was scored by Batipfar Swer in the 69th minute.
It will also be necessary for the Government authorities through the relevant department to monitor such incidents of foreigners especially to work in various trade activities without complying with the rules and regulations.
Shylla said that this time, the residents of the village have become better and the health department has rushed to the village to provide treatment to the residents.
Fenella said that the HSPDP ticket was not handed over to the people on the 29th of March when the HSPDP ticket was not handed over to the people and was not announced publicly, but was elected. sop and leh donbor by the leaders of the party.
“I have already spoken to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, the Chief Secretary has already spoken to Assam and the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has also spoken to the Deputy Commissioner of Kamrup. and the situation is now between peace and order?"he added.
Shillong, November 01: Two foreign shops have been closed down by the KHADC Enforcement Police for lack of trading licenses and one has been confiscated.
HNYF President and Secretary T Lymba and L Lamin said they seized the rice and lodged a complaint at Dawki Police Station and handed over the rice to the Custom.
The investment of money by the leaders in order to win the election is to seize power and later when they come to power they will pass dozens of laws to produce or reduce the loss. everything.
What do we see about Nebuchadnezzar in Daniel's description? Nebuchadnezzar said, “Truly your God is a God of gods, a Lord of kings who reveals secrets.
The work has started only in those areas where there is no land allocation and therefore it has been found that the project is going smoothly.
“The Union on 11th July, 2024 has sent a letter to the Director (Corporate Affairs), MeECL to demand an explanation on the delay in the appointment and the Union has found that the Corporation has not appointed anyone. The Chairman of the Employment Cell, Samla Reuben Najiar, said that the KSU has not appointed anyone for the Permanent Post since 2019 due to the lack of funds to pay the employees. urge the Minister of Electricity to start the recruitment of these posts as well as other vacant posts.
Even in the MLA election 2023, it is impossible to explain or count because people are too smart and intelligent now.
Dr War said that according to the directive of the ICMR, any person who has tested positive for covid positive if he dies from any disease or cause will be included in the census of people who have died. death from covid -1
On the death of the cows, he said he had called a meeting to discuss the matter in order to provide protection.
The Prime Minister said that India is determined to continue its cooperation with Bangladesh for the benefit of the people of Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters , Bindas said that the reason why she brought the placard in front of the Secretariat was to demand from the state government and the authorities in charge of the PWD department to improve the road road at Umden, Sonapur.
The General Secretary of the Local Taxi Welfare Association, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, said that all urban and rural taxi drivers from stem, pink, blue and white will take part in the competition. all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Edious L Laloo scored in the last minute in the 90'+2 minutes.
UDP MLA from West Shillong constituency and Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the increase in prostitution and HIV and AIDS in the state is a matter of concern. you have to face.
Kwilnis Suchiang has been re-elected as the President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle at the election meeting for the term 2022-2
Of course, it is not right for us to turn away from what our ancestors said and did.
Before concluding the interview, Rupang asked whether he has any intention of joining another party or whether he has decided to stay within the Congress party. I have received Rangdajied u Rangkynsai, who has received what I have received.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills has directed all the wholesalers/stockists of the district not to sell their food and beverages to retailers in other districts without the permission of the Deputy Commissioner.
Prof. Laloo explained to them that to provincialize the Deficit School Teachers, the school authorities need to hand over the teachers and their assets to the Government. give all these things, and then the Government can take over.
Former Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Meghalaya to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the new government in the state which may be held on the 7th of this month. October 10th.
“This College in the past 50 years has produced many great people of Jaintia Hills,” said Dr. Laloo.
When the BSF stopped him, he expressed his displeasure and took it as an affront to his personal dignity as he admitted that he is a veterinarian in the area.
The Government will also open a Techno Incubation Center at the College of Community Science, CAU in Tura.
The meeting held on 25th November 2023 at Umladkhur convened by the Village Court of Amwi Elaka under the chairmanship of the Dolloi Jemiwell Pyrtuh failed to decide on the issue of confirmation of the Lyngdoh of the Raid. Buam.
Ardent said that as mentioned in a statement to the media recently, the VPP is pleased to give the government confidence that it has a clean intention. benefit of the doubt) in connection with the attempt to resolve the border with Assam.
They cannot give you the answers you ask for.
These trainings have become like schools, where there are teachers, there is a training centre, hostels for young men and women.
On this occasion, Bah Nathaniel said that the rule of law states that they did not report the incident. “How can we report if we don't know that the incident happened?” he asked.
At the same time, he announced that the government has another goal or mission to deliver water to every household.
The Southern Theater Command of China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) said the USS Milius on Friday entered the Paracel Islands, which it does not own. from Vietnam.
The KSU Bangalore Unit also honored Bamelari Lyngdoh who received the Gold Medalist Award in the Master of Social Work from Alva College Moodbidri, Mangalore University.
According to social media reports, the All India Trinamool Congress Meghalaya said that the meeting will be held face to face with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
These places are very clean and the villages have spent days and nights to beautify the place in order to attract tourists.
Shillong: The Judicial Court of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today urged the public to appeal against cases online regarding urgent matters.
On this occasion, these leaders from the office bearers of the NTC, the leaders of the DRSRBD and the leaders of the Seng Bhalang, after careful consideration and discussion, finally took a decision and that is to call They will hold a public meeting on the 20th of this month at Umlyngkdait village from 11 am to take a final decision in front of the people, as a protest against the government's plan to set up a weighbridge at Umlyngkdait. DTO office, Nongpoh.
Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP Ri Bhoi District, Michael Kharhunai, District Secretary, Lasting Syiem, Secretary of the UDP were present at the meeting. Mawhati Circle and other party leaders.
Especially the people living in the border block-II, are ethnically clean villages.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the state government has released an allocation of T.10 lakh to these two colleges which will be upgraded to universities.
Nongpoh: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today visited an illegal mining site of a private individual at a place in the area. It is located in Pillankata village, one of the border villages between Meghalaya and Assam.
This age believes in a new God of prosperity and follows the custom that the wealth that God has blessed in the universe should be distributed to a few hands.
Shillong, March 27: Thirteen civil society organizations have continued their protest to demand the immediate implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. from the night of the 29th of this month.
The funeral service will be held on 14/07/2020 at 2 pm at the Lad Sung Wahiajer Presbyterian Church.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Sumar Sing Sawian. the state.
Some parts of the film will be shot in Mumbai and other parts have not yet been shot.
Japanese Vice Foreign Minister Takeyoshi Mori has strongly criticized China for firing its missiles into the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). five of its missiles were dropped on the Japanese border.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, on Tuesday said that the police have already identified the robbers who set fire to the vehicles on the night of the 6th. Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) in its recent meeting has expressed its opposition to the government's decision to recognize the vacancy in the state.
On this special day, the DSWO office also paid tribute to Theresia Lyngdoh who has reached the age of 90 years old and is the oldest resident of Mawlangwir. , South West Khasi Hills District and followed by a welcome to all the elderly who attended this special celebration.
Speaking as the chief guest, Blah BDO, Thadlaskeñ Block, urged the women who attended the training to take advantage of this training and do many of the jobs taught to them to improve their income. their book.
Looking back on the impact of COVID-19, the Minister said that it is all through the courage and dedication of the health workers.
At the meeting, the MLA also announced that soon after the end of the Puja, he will send for the cleaning of the missing roads in Lummawbah.
The money was charged this week at an interest rate of 5.1348%.
Speaking on the development and construction of sports activities, he said that in the last five years since 2018, the government has spent more than T 400 crore compared to the last 45 years.
At the end of the celebration, the Rangbah Kur of Warjri including Bah George A Warjri, Bah Sunshine Warjri, Bah P Barkos O Warjri, Bah RV Warjri, Bah Kestar Warjri and other Rangbah Kur of Warjri. parent company.
In the U-17 women's category, Keisham Melody Chanu of Manipur won the Golden Glove, Shelia Devi of Manipur won the Golden Boot and Angel Tamang of Arunachal Pradesh won the Player of the Tournament.
The women's wrestlers of the state will continue their match against Rajasthan which is also the host state tomorrow.
In Meghalaya itself, English has already become the language used in offices and workplaces and has also become the language of instruction in schools and educational institutions.
When the food was ready, the mother invited them to eat together at the same time.
There is a suspicion that the child was abducted and raped by the group, but Claudia said it was not true.
One of the main goals he has set is peace and stability in the villages and the state as a whole.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) requesting him to introduce the Poi-kha Poi-man Act. (Khasi Social Custom of Marriage).
Four people have died, three of whom have not been injected.
To become a minister for 5 years or even for 10 years, you can earn tens and hundreds of crores, so what will those children do when they have enough wealth? Remember that wealth, especially wealth that is not given properly, will not last long and will disappear for a while while the inheritance will decrease as the days and years go by.
The meeting also condemned the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and demanded that he should resign and also his Cabinet for violating the rights of the people. the people of the state.
Therefore, he hopes that through the proposals he has sent to the government and through his follow-up, in one there will be good footpaths where tourists will be able to walk up close to see their beauty.
The word forty and forty is only a tienjer and does not mean exactly forty or forty; as it is said, forty tribes, forty skits, or three years, and so on.
In the first half and second half, the match was very friendly as both the teams did not score a goal.
The seven Bangladeshis were identified as MD Jubar Ahmed, 26, MD Nur Ahmed, 24, while four other women were minors.
Regarding the vision, he said, “If the vision is for 10 years and you want to see the results in 10 years, you should plant flowers, because within 10 years you will get u syntiew, if the vision is for 10 years, plant a tree that after 10 years you will bear fruit and if it is for eternity, feed people or plant people, we need to spend to children, to young people, to society.
Shillong, June 12 : The North East Students Organization (NESO) today demanded that the Central Government should change the decision not to make Hindi a compulsory subject up to Class X in the North East. mut in all eight states.
The first match was between Siangkhnai SC and Syntung in a very close match and Siangkhnai won by a tie breaker 6-5
On Saturday, SCA-B will play against East Jaintia Hills DCA, while East Garo Hills DCA will play against Tura DCA in Zone
They said that the repair of the road is also a public demonstration of the unity between the members of the party and those who have been quick to mobilize the people to repair the road. , to make it easier for the public and especially for the school children, who use this road when they go to school.
Thus, this unity will bring about an increase in the economic development and income of the entire community.
When the government uses its buffer stock, it reduces its availability and when the buffer stock is low, the government's ability to control the market price of food items is also reduced.
The UDP yesterday elected Bah Jemino Mawthoh as its candidate and will submit his name to the MDA as its joint candidate.
However, people say that human memory is very short.
Because of Bah Ardent's hand injury, the VPP members who had lined up allowed the people to approach him or raise their hands.
In pride we have fallen.
The Spokesperson of the MDA-II Government, who is also a Minister in the State Government, said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, is the best person to speak on the political changes in the country. state after the election in Sohiong.
The public discussion held earlier on October 31, 1998 in the presence of University teachers, school teachers and students explained that responsibility for their duties and responsibilities all, especially those who have worked hard and well, have led to the following goals.
The implementation of the State Job Reservation Policy has changed from vacancy to post reservation.
Jowai, Jympang 5: The Kur of Woh Kiang Nangbah - the hero of the Pnars is Susngi, Nangbah is not the Kur of Woh Kiang, according to a book released on Thursday written by Seriallyone Susngi. The book was launched by O Pasi, Asst.IGP, Police Department, Government of Meghalaya.
“I don't want to give too much information, but now there is a lot of trade and political negotiations on this land allocation. There has been an agreement to sell these land to Assam and they will pay T20 crore to the parties in the government. of the state,” said Bah Sutnga to reporters.
The Governor's delay in passing or rejecting the Meghalaya Resident Safety Amendment Bill has made it clear to the NPP-led MDA government that any ordinance will come into force within six months and if not passed by the Assembly. Within 6 months, the ordinance will be implemented.
This post which has been spread widely on social media could cause trouble both inside and outside the area, and could also affect the peace of the community and the law and order in the country. this election time in this place.
Other areas under the British area should be returned to the Hima...In the case of Jaintia Hills, it is our right to demand that the status of Hima be restored. so that it can join the Federation of Khasi States.
All the residents as well as the students of Ri-Lum Jaintia are urged to cooperate with this arrangement so that the demand for the improvement of the Reservation Policy in the state will be successful.
The incident happened at 12 noon when the strong wind destroyed five post lights in the village.
The Central Government has also said that all laws, whether written or unwritten, whether in religions or other ethnic groups, prohibit this marriage between a man and a woman.
They also visited the Tirot Crematorium to see and learn about the dangerous condition of the Tirot Sing Syiem Crematorium which is located on a hill in Mairangbah.
Shillong, June 19: The RBYF Western Zone, has received information that more than 50 quarries and quarries in the border areas of Jirang Hima, from Ampansemqura to Gunapati, which have more than 50 quarries, do not have permits. The Dkhars have been smuggled in the name of the Khasi.
In the final match between the two teams, in the presence of the crowd, the Hurdles CC, which won the toss, did not manage to tied first in the They scored 105 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 19.3 overs.
Residents struggle not to attend the candidates’ campaigns.
Nongpoh, March 04: It is unknown why many good intentions of the government have been implemented for the benefit of the people, especially in relation to the intention to bring about economic development in the country. The rural areas have been stalled in their plans, as many of the government's projects in any field have been stalled in the middle and cannot be completed properly as planned.
On the other hand, Dr. Saralin Dorphang appealed to the people to join hands with the party for the changes to support it in the upcoming elections from Mawhati Constituency, because the people should be surprised and we don't want to be surprised. The disaster will come again if we make the wrong choice of leaders.
This morning, Manipur started the campaign with a fierce battle.
Nongpoh: Leaders of four Sengbhalang groups, including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, today visited the Entry Point at Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
The meeting was conducted by Bitos Sari in the presence of Awhai Andrew Shullai, former CEM of JHADC Madonbai Rymbai, TMC leaders and other office bearers.
Speaking to media, Bah Michael said that the discrimination between the sons and daughters of parents has led to unemployment among the youth in the state. Bah Michael said that after 20 years since the establishment of Maitshaphrang, the state government needs to enact a law on the distribution of income. the book of the household between the sons and the daughters.
In the second division, Pranita Sharma scored 59.33%, Deveraj Sharma scored 56.33% and Rebina Samakha scored 49.50%.
For this reason, the opposition MDCs have decided to take the matter to the KHADC dorbar for further discussion.
This promotes good agriculture.
The JHADC was led by Senior Advocate HS Thangkhiew while the Dolloi was led by Amit Kumar, Advocate of the Supreme Court of India.
According to information received from the Forest Department, the revenue of the Forest Department has increased from T.7 lakh to T.18 lakh in the last 11 years.
While the state government is fighting against the decision to release Shahbaz Hussain in the High Court, the four who have been sentenced to death at the hands of law have filed an appeal against the order of the the court that tried these accused.
This river is beautiful and full of very clean pebbles and rocks.
It is not clear how Chairman Bah PN Syiem voted on 22.11.19, when the UDA did not take part.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umïam, Bah Steven Kharkrang, said, “We have received information that this truck may have come from Shillong Civil Hospital for the purpose of delivering goods. break the garbage here.
Shillong: The Parliamentary Board of the BJP party consisting of two MLAs, AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik. and regarding his visit to Delhi to meet the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi and other ministers.
These policemen are fellow citizens of the state and the government needs to speak on their behalf so that such incidents will not happen again in the future.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also the Minister of PWD, arrived in Nongpoh on November 15, to lay the foundation stone at Umskun, a village near Nongpoh. to construct a road with a length of more than 2km at a cost of more than T.4 crore.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders' Forum (KJCLF) has requested the State Government to resolve the issue of Reservation Policy as soon as possible.
“For some reason I have to not take part in the dissolution of the EC,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Sangma said in the past two years, the Ministry of Education has allocated more than 509 posts for teachers and staff of 20 colleges and this shows that the Government has The NPP has put forward the priority of education.
The JHDS in collaboration with NABARD and KVK Jaintia Hills, has conducted a one-day workshop on the topic “Revival of Millet Cultivation”. it was Monday.
Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice Sanjib Banerjee was present as the chief guest.
Nongrum scored three goals in the 25th, 68th, 69th, 70th and 70+2th minutes.
On the other hand, Bah Marcus Marten, who has established himself as the Leader of the Auto Drivers Association in Nongpoh, said that from now on, the Union will no longer cooperate with the HYC. MeECL employees, on Friday to protest against the lack of salary and other issues faced by them. MeECL has been involved in the implementation of the Sobhagya scheme.
I feel that we will wait for them to join us," he said.
However, I don't know exactly how the central government will treat the state government on this issue,” she said.
These days it has become very difficult to enter the market because all the streets have been overcrowded by the vendors and the market has become crowded and no longer a clean and tidy market.
The reasons for the non-implementation of the Modified ILP,” he said.
With respect to the media, a single word of irresponsible news is enough to keep them and their families awake for days and months.
He said that the police have called for answers from all the teachers and also all the civil society organizations who have signed the ejahar.
Rymbui said that after the blast in Laitumkhrah, police have confirmed that Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew is involved in the blast in Laitumkhrah, Shillong. Shillong, on the night of 12th and 15th July
The Old and New Testaments speak clearly about the role and responsibility of the man, but our custom is contrary to what the Word of God reveals.
Perhaps this is the reason why other ethnic groups want to come and work and if they can, they should stay in this state illegally because of its beauty.
JOWAI: U Moonlight Pariat MDC of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has once again contested the MDC election for the JHADC Legislative Assembly.
The Rangbah Shnong of Wapungshnong, Gliter Rymbai congratulated the MLA, MDC, DC and all the government officials who have worked hard to move the Development Block from Khliehriat to Wapung.
When asked about the reluctance of the people to leave the area, the Chief Minister said, “It may be the expression of a few people, but when you look at all the residents of this area, not all the that against this postponement, on our part we will resolve this matter, by going one part at a time".
“In the past few days, I have seen on social media that there is a young man who has given a speech at the Republic Day celebration in Kongthong to mislead the people about this road,” said the MLA. He said that in his speech, he admitted that the road from Warwar to Khrang and also the road from Laitmawsiang to Sohkynduh were brought by someone else.
Helpme Dkhar scored the first goal of the match.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Khasi Association (KHADC) today met with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Adelbert Nongrum to discuss the issue. The Daju in Iewduh, to ask the CEM for time to allow them to think among themselves.
The Minister said the state government has set a target of 3 crore vaccinations out of a total population of 3.29 crore.
If the MDA government really bans teachers from taking part in politics because they are a real model of change in society, this government will take responsibility. that the democratic system has been undermined and the suffering and hardship of the people in the future.
These jugali were supported and encouraged by the KHNAM Samla under the leadership of President Bah Thomas Passah, who also submitted a petition to the office of the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma. office.
At the time of writing, West Jaintia Police have sent a vehicle to seize the truck.
He also recognized that in this village there are always people who oppose whether good or bad.
Shillong, July 17: The State Government will take strong measures to implement the promises of the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to set up Civil Sub Divisions, Community and Rural Blocks and Police Stations before the elections.
However, when the problems started arising that the people could not travel from other places like Mawsynram and Pynursla to Sohra, we received suggestions to relocate the headquarters”.
The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has lodged a complaint with the police regarding the illegal kilo cutting of agricultural products even after the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has issued an order. and especially after the approval of the District Council.
They also suggested to the government that all those students who failed in the selection test in 2019 should be allowed to take the final examination in
Police have arrested three persons and two cows in San Jose, where Bolok, the state police chief, died.
On the other hand, the party urges Prestone Tynsong to release the aid to the people of the constituency as soon as possible.
Love yourself but don’t hate others.
Shillong, Iaiong 17 : The High Court of Meghalaya has directed the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to give a clear answer on the grounds on which it stands for the rights of women on the participation of women in the rights of women. election to elect and contest Rangbah Shnong.
I hope they will be able to complete this project within the stipulated time,” said Prof Laloo.
On this basis, the leaders of these four parties, have expressed their agreement and if it is in any way, but on the part of these parties, they will continue to oppose and if the government does not Listen to their demand, it may lead to a stronger protest, said the leaders.
When you accept teaching jobs, you must also accept all schools.
Besides Bah Gavin, Bah P Tynsong, BDO of Khatarshnong-Laitkroh Block, Bah Edmund Syiemiong, Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) Sohra Division, Village Leaders of Umdiengpoh Village and shopkeepers of Umdiengpoh Village were also present on the occasion. this market and others.
The establishment of the Block Office in the past years has brought about a lot of development in all the 157 villages under the C&RD Block Ranikor.
Ms Probi Khongknaw said that the purpose of the Rangbah Shnong election is not to violate the customs and traditions but to improve and strengthen the Khadar rule.
Some villages have decided not to provide equipment to foreigners when they come to buy food.
I don't want to fight by force, because people have the right to cast their vote,” he said.
The SDO said that although the incident was serious, no casualties were reported.
“That you have changed your appearance, that's why I ask for confirmation,” said the old man with a smile.
Among other steps taken by the World Athletics Federation in its preparations to achieve equality between men and women athletes, World Athletics has prepared to have 40% women participate. and at least one woman in the post of vice-president of the World Athletics Council this year.
The DC has sought clarification from the District Program Coordinator (DPC) who is also the Chairman of the DSC. you need 1/3 Ratio to apply according to the rules.
Although the Mizoram state government has not received any written notice regarding the proposal to sign the India-Myanmar border and to abolish the FMR, it is true through the statements of the minister. the Ministry of Home Affairs that the government intends to sign and abolish the FMR and Myanmar.
The United Democratic Alliance led by Bah Titustarwell Chyne and the United Democratic Forum led by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor held a power struggle in the Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today at 10:00 am. .
Kering said the relatives did not want to conduct a post mortem because they did not have any suspicion of anyone because they understood that their husband had a shortcoming after he had disappeared in the past few months. depth.
FKJGP President Tengsu Marak said a surprise raid was conducted to investigate the complaint from the residents of Rongara.
They have not yet received the land to build a school building so they have set up a school at the house of Ma Worly Pohing.
Through the same scheme, Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA who is also the Minister in charge of Husbandry and Veterinary on Tuesday visited Mawsynram and Dangar to distribute piglets to than poor families.
Langsning FC have been in trouble as players including Kento Sakurai and Ebormi Buam have been injured but others like Poibiang Pohshna have been unable to play.
Three new cases have been confirmed today from East Khasi Hills.
In a statement sent to the media, Bah Riangtem said, “If in Punjab and Assam the Government is ready to regularize the contract teachers and contract workers in the Government office but why can't the Government do the same in Meghalaya.
He said that the distribution of assistance through this shlem is only as long as they receive assistance from those who are poor. If they receive a lot of assistance they choose more people and if they receive less they choose only a few people. This year, 6000 tyngka has been spent on each person to provide assistance along with the vehicle fare.
Initially, police received a tip that there was a vehicle driven by a man, along with his friends. When they were arrested at Byrnihat, police arrested one with two of his friends.
To disseminate the treatment measures, the State Government should announce through All India Radio, through the newspapers on what should and should not be done in case of measles, shitmet and others. .
Therefore, we need to pray earnestly that God will fill us with this heart so that we can reach the things that God wants us to guide or shape our lives.
On the other hand, the UDP leaders said that on the 12th of this month, the party will hold a general meeting at Hall Mecofed at 11 pm. They included Donkupar Roy, Jemino Mawthoh and Bindo M Lanong.
“It’s a bittersweet family.
Besides the foreign leadership, the Department of Agriculture in the state also provides regular training to the cow farmers and at present there are two cow farms and in November, four more will be implemented. training centers.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency who is also the President of the UDP.
To those who know how to deceive, their deceitfulness becomes their righteousness.
In other districts, government offices have been operating as usual without any disruption.
This day is celebrated every year on the 12th of June to honor the contribution of the Nurses.
Hanuman Kalamb said that the maintenance of the bridge has started after receiving permission from the State Government and the company has started digging holes in the inner parts of the bridge to fill the dewbilat to support the the parts of the bridge that have been built.
Chhangte was welcomed on his return home from the airport and said that the welcome touched and encouraged him.
They said that if the contractor fails to complete the road within June, the union and the people will not hesitate to stage a protest, or to go to court to demand the construction. The government has already allocated funds for the improvement of the road for the convenience of the people.
“The DGP has honored the Additional SP Banraplang Jyrwa and 35 other Policemen who took part in the successful raid.
When they came home, Lydia bran bran put a stick so that Hep could sleep.
Speaking to reporters, John Leslee Sangma said that the Minister in charge had said in the House that the construction of the market has been completed in Tura, but the truth is that the construction of the market has been completed in Tura. long that there is no faithfulness like that.
Meanwhile, it is understood that the Congress has won 20 seats while the ethnic parties of Meghalaya have won 16 seats from APHLC, 14 from HSPDP, 2 from PDIC and 1 from Jaintia. National Union and 7 independent candidates.
Other goals include Dajiedlang Wanshnong three goals in the 18th, 31st and 39th minutes, Khongriah two goals in the 11th, 62nd minute and Kenstar Kharshong two. goals in the 13th and 79th minutes.
Governor Phagu Chauhan took part in the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA-2 Cabinet. The ministers include Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar as Deputy Chief Ministers.
The laboratory will serve as a center for disease surveillance and testing where people will no longer have to go to private hospitals or testing centres, which charge high fees.
Replying to a question, Conrad said that the decision taken by the House does not need to be passed by Parliament but needs to be announced by the President of the country and will not come into force in Meghalaya.
In this regard, Bah Latiplang said that he will take the matter to the EC KHADC and suggest to convene a meeting of all the more than 5000 Khasi Kurs as well as the Hima or Elaka. They shall bring those kurs and after that the Seng Kurs shall be directed to appoint a Rangbah Kur who shall be appointed as the only one who can empower and prove to those who doubt and claim that they are From that kur, he said that it does not mean that one kur should elect only one person but they can choose as many as they like whether it is four or five people to know that it is that rangbah who has the authority to prove. They shall be registered with the Hima or District Council.
Let us take this account in the Khasi Genealogy as a comparison with the Exodus of the Children of Israel as it appears in the Bible.
In Mawsnairieh village, according to the information received by this reporter, three houses have been affected including the house of Bah Wolping Mawriangbri, Jesanta Merry Nonglang and Johnpaul Shangoi.
Up to 60 polling stations will be run by youth.
Of course, they may have problems but, as far as possible, the number of teachers should be reduced.
In fact, human greed and heartbreak, lack of selfishness is the root cause of the deterioration of the environment.
He said the stadium will also be used to host the National Games in
Three of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills District and one from East Jaintia Hills.
Krison Langstang has been appointed as the president of the Yuva Morcha and Pramod Koch has been appointed as the president of the Kishan Morcha.
I am a firm believer in the importance of marriage and I respect it,” said Roshan.
He has also made 120 appearances for the country and was part of the Italy team that beat England to win the Euro was held in May, 2021.
Babu Kular Khongjirem The MDA government led by the NPP party in Meghalaya is in turmoil.
Guwahati: The United Garo Autonomous Council (UGACMC) will hold a 48-hour curfew from Tuesday to demand a separate District Council for the Garo people. in Assam.
The purpose of this program is also to discuss the threat posed by the spread of garbage, the widespread destruction of the environment. The famine will come until mankind will have no place to live, because the main reason is the destruction of the environment which is the source of food for us mankind. .
Shillong, Nailar 13: The RJYF Nartiang Circle in a statement has announced that it has expelled its General Secretary Thermon Susngi from the party. The statement said that from today the RJYF will not know anything about him and at the same time it has strongly warned that he should no longer use the name of the RJYF or to tarnish the name of the party.
The second is the Meghalaya Resource and Employment Generation Council (MREGC), which means that it will advise the government on how to generate revenue and others for the state and create jobs in the state. In the last five years, they have not held a single meeting and have not given their opinion to the government.
Police have recovered an Insas rifle, five magazines, 49 live rounds, five live 7.62 mm sniper ammo, 15,303 live ammo, AK ammo and several explosives with ID. Card of Morek Ch Marak.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Bah Frederick R Kharkongor, said that the turnout of the people to cast their votes for the Legislative Assembly will increase by more than 75%. The polling will end at 9:00 pm on the 27th due to a breakdown in the polling stations and for the place where the EVMs are installed, he said.
“We will show the people that this is not a political issue that affects the people,” said Bah Mawthoh.
In the third division, Raimulong Sports Club beat Mawkanoh Sports Club 2-0
It will take time if we continue, but before I conclude, I would like to advise the people not to waste the money of the traders, as mentioned and encouraged by Rev. Edwin Kharkongngor from Lumparing. on this issue, in my article, which appeared in Nongsain Hima dt.
“But outsiders misunderstand the meaning of our society.
“We have elected the leaders to raise the issues and to be the voice of the people,” said the VPP candidate. the poor and the needy.
The Seng Khasi Kmie on Sunday last year, held the 25th Anniversary of the Sohpet Bneng.
Speaking to media, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, Union Leader, said that the group has expressed the need to increase the fare, as the price of petrol has gone up.
India later drew 1-1 against Kuwait after Anwar Ali scored a mistake to drop Stimac's side to second place.
It is not that we should take advantage of anyone's personal affairs, you can dance, you can sing, you can rejoice with dignity and manners.
It is expected that the first phase will be completed within three months,” he said.
No of posts:- 1 (One)Pay Scale:- Level-4, Rs.8,300-210-9,770-EB-270-12,200-370-16,270/- per monthEssential Qualification:- H.S.S.L.C.Cquiricivate Trade of ITI or .
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, National President of the National People's Party (NPP), Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong. NPP National Vice President and Spokesperson Ampareen Lyngdoh, who recently resigned as MLA from Shillong East, along with other party leaders.
Stress increases the risk of developing brain aneurysms, which are blood clots that cause blood vessel failure.
Shillong, November 12: Police of West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday accompanied the Crime Scene Unit and the K-9 Dog Squad to Mynniar. Two teachers of Rangsapara Secondary School were shot and robbed on Tuesday evening.
The FKJGP Leader said that this action of the Government is completely unfair and is a disregard for the efforts of these frontline workers to fight the spread of the disease.
Among the players of Donkins SCC, Marcus Bhujel (8 overs: tied for 39 runs: 2 wickets) and Rohit Rai (8 overs: tied for 35 runs: 1 wicket).
On the other hand, the MLA also extended his hands to help these refugees.
The Drew Barrymore Show actress said in an interview with Madison Beer that Drew is happy that she didn't do anything wrong. my life.
In 2022, Assam has set up another Outpost at Umlaper and another temporary Outpost at Madanumwang. called the city of Umsarang.
Tell me, when you are sick, when you are sick, when you are sick.
One of the members of the Warrant band, Erik Turner, said that the band intends to release a song next year. can be achieved.
Dembele was awarded a penalty in the 21st minute when he struck Di Maria.
Three goals were scored by Dayoophio Lyngdoh (3), Nangkhroo Lyngdoh (56) and Lakhon Phawa (60).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor said that all the projects announced by the government have already been opened and Pynursla will be opened soon but no information has been received yet when Mawshynrut will be opened. .
That is since the Tree (Israel) was cut down in 1948 AD. Jesus said, “When you see these things happening, know that the time is near.
The report found that those states, which celebrate Ganesh Chaturthi and Onam, have increased the number of cases of covid-19 and this poses a serious threat, if there is no vigilance, in the country. Durga Puja, which will be held soon.
This is what has motivated me to come forward on this occasion to contest the upcoming Assembly elections,” he said.
Think also of the eternity you will go to when you die.
Testing will continue in public places to decide whether there are any places that should be temporarily closed.
Many said that this action of the central government is to show that it does not like those who speak against the government.
He urged the Government to expedite the release of funds to complete the project as soon as possible.
NPP East Jaintia Hills Unit office bearers: President Seiborlang Shadap, MDC Vice President George Harshal Pyrnge Secretary Dr. Sanki Shangpung, MDC Asst. Secretary Highnessstar Sohtun Mover Lyngdoh Willi Dkhar Shai Shyrmang Sunshine Lyngdoh Absalom Latam Syrpai Sutnga Worly Pohiing Lutmon Hill William Thiate t President Emlangki Lamare , MDC Vice President Riodametre Shadap Secretary Daiapher Lamare Asst.Secretary Merary Sutnga Working President Defender Pakem Treasurer Kermiki Dkhar Adviser MLA & MDC Members Hermon Pdang Rolling Dkhar Distrim h Row Now it's time to discuss Patlong.
According to detailed information, the mail was sent from morguelol545@gmail.com, saying, “I have placed bombs inside the court but in all the courts of India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Leaders of KSU Nongpoh Circle, expressed their pride to hear that a young woman from Nongpoh area has reached this goal. not only for the family, the community but also for the District and the State as a whole.
“Tens of thousands of Muster Roll workers who have worked for 20 years have been removed without money to pay salaries, no money to build roads, no money to pay salaries to teachers.
The first Chairman and Founding Member of the school, Bah Shonding Marbaniang, said that many of the people rejected him when he started the school, although he was illiterate. knowledge, but without fear and with a strong hope to spread knowledge, the desire has not been in vain but the steadfastness of the school shows that the leaders and founders of the school have worked hard to improve and visit this school.
“Besides, he said that the Congress is not short of leaders as Rahul Gandhi, Salman Khurshid, Jairam Ramesh and Sachin Pilot have come to the state for the last elections.
The MLA said that since the cleaning of the pipes of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) phase-III, the people have suffered a lot due to the deterioration of the road and soon the people will be freed from this. after it has been cleaned.
We must allow peace to rule over us before we are overwhelmed by forty kinds of conflicts.
Islam also said that according to his voter ID, Idris Ali, who bought the land from his father, would have been 13 years old in 18 years old and has not yet bought a property).
Dr RC Laloo donated 15,00000/- tyngka while 85,290/- tyngka was donated by the children of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla. 2012.
The group, which has 15 members and 8 dancers from Meghalaya, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur, said that it would like to appeal to the Meghalaya government for financial assistance. for this part of my dance competition.
It is an act that does not please the feelings of the majority of the people.
The Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills District requests all the winners of the drawing competition and consolation prize winners to come to the office of the Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills District. will be held at Khliehriat on the 30th July 2022 at 1 pm.
Organizing Secretary: Morely Ryngkhlem 6.
When asked whether the government has followed exactly the rules and regulations laid down in issuing liquor shop licences, and whether the distance has been followed when allowing the owners to open and operate liquor shops, the Minister said. He said that the government has followed exactly all the rules as laid down by the Ministry of the Union Government and also that the documents have been checked before issuing a license to anyone to open liquor shops.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Nongmadan Shatsngi, Bah Planningstar Lyngdoh, said that the village has done many things for the poor. , the house of Kong Ibaiasuk was helped by collecting donations from all the residents of the village to raise funds and the proceeds were donated to the family. understand that it has reached tens of thousands of rupees.
Marak, Belina M Marak and others who were accused of inciting the people to injure the Prime Minister.
Replying to a question raised by Bah Pynshngain in the House, the Chief Minister denied that there has been any dispute between the government and the district council on the issue. “The state government has done what it should have done to appoint MDCs in accordance with the Constitution of India.
Many people, especially the elderly in the villages, have lost hope.
The 20-member team was led by Bah Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet as coach.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has expressed its deep anger over the false promise of the NHAI to repair the NH-6 On the 8th of last month in front of the Tollgate, Lumshnong.
On the same day, an ambulance was also launched to serve the people especially the poor.
Three months ago, a student from Marngar, Ri-Bhoi, was raped at a school in Rajasthan.
The BAD said 95% of the people surveyed about the disease have become increasingly common and found that many do not know or understand the symptoms of skin cancer. the heat of the sun and the heat of the night.
Shillong, Lber 12: The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) has urged the government to take action and act fairly when there are any incidents that cause unrest in the society.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (CEC) today met with the Principals of Colleges in Shillong to monitor the enrollment of classes. in various courses and to request these Colleges to make every effort to enroll first of all the students of the State in the various subjects available in these Colleges.
Earlier, the price of petrol had increased steadily since July, when it increased nine times to T.10.80 per litre.
“I have told the management of the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL) that if there is anyone who has interfered with the construction of the road, they should report it to the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL). Therefore, there shall be no interruption to this work.
Before leaving the post, RS Mooshahary, who has been in office for five years, sent his last greetings to all his colleagues including the Chief Secretary, government officials and others at Raj Bhavan. .
She said that the lack of these government offices has caused a lot of trouble to the people who have to travel to Jowai and Shillong, and this has caused a lot of trouble especially to the poor.
Jowai, March 03: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament-2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Saturday. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
One of those who was discharged from the hospital, after recovering recently, became ill again and was taken to Woodland Hospital.
Donevan has left the post of Dy.Chairman by resigning from the post of EM of KHADC. He served as EM of the Land, Mines and Minerals Department before taking over as Deputy Chairman.
When convening meetings, he will invite only those foreigners whom he is sure he can convince as he wants to run the Meghalaya Judo Association.
The school is currently operating from its premises at Shillong Polytechnic Campus, Mawlai.
Speakers at the meeting included KSU WKH President John Fisher Nongsiang, Grace Lanong President KSU Girls Wing and others.
“We strongly condemn the behavior of the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning Area, when the company was closed down last year, these Rangbah Shnongs had threatened to appear in public and now they have turned away”.
She said that the state government has promised to take action to implement the central government's law on the inspection of the market and how to start surveying these markets in the month of November. and to issue a license before they can sit on the ground so that they can control the traffic jam in Shillong.
Three associations, including the Tata Sumo Drivers Welfare Association, the Indica (Diesel) Tourist Taxi Drivers Association and the Greater Guwahati Tourist Taxi Drivers Association, have stopped operating in Shillong after three vehicles collided with another vehicle. They were stoned in Mawlai and Umsning.
“We need to ask the government that the quality of dewbilat from MCCL has declined suddenly but the quality of dewbilat produced by private factories which have been established for a while is better.
He said that in 2007, the R&R Colony Welfare Society had issued a resolution signed by MLA AL Hek and MDC Sanbor Shullai. persons residing in this Colony for the purpose of obtaining a Trading Licence.
“We will lie when the world knows that the BJP in Mawsynram has a candidate who is also the incumbent MLA Bah HM Shangpliang to contest the MLA election in 2023,” said Bah Sanbor. .
The murder of Priskila Suchiang highlights the evil that affects our society – and reinforces the need to continue the fight against this disease in our State," she said. announcement.
Let this knowledge work fully for ever and not just for a while.
In the past few years, he has become ill and I don't see him anymore, but his death has been a loss to the house of Mawphor and Highland Post. your own house.
At the time of writing, it is not clear what caused the woman to take her own life by committing suicide.
The State Government cannot pay salaries to teachers and staff, cannot bring about development projects, cannot help people in need, cannot pay scholarships on time. and in many cases they cannot pay the salaries to the people who work for the government such as contractors and suppliers just because they don't have the money,” said the HYC. Meghalaya has always relied on the Government of India even for the salaries of its teachers and staff.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, a BJP candidate and son of Bah (L) B Khongwir, resident of Kench's Trace, Laban.
This comes after North Liberty HSS won the match at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: It is a shocking incident, but it is a true incident and that today, journalists, have been shot, in the name of the chief leader of the party. See, U LK Advani.
The Ukrainian defense ministry said the dead officer was Colonel Andrei Zakharov of the 6th Tank Regiment of the 90th Tank Division.
He added that sports in today's society is no longer a recreational activity but has become one of the job creation activities to earn money through their talents.
Brightsterwel said that according to the Investigation Officers (IO), the child who went to rape the woman is under 18 years old and is currently under investigation. Mawlai Police Station, to investigate into the incident and also to investigate the issue of driving licence.
Regarding the evacuation of the residents of Themmetor, Prestone said it is not appropriate to say that the High Level Committee can evacuate the residents of Themmetor but it will depend on the committee. The HLC has no authority to remove them but it will be the decision of the Government.
It is also a surprise to hear that recently at the ACC meeting in June this year, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan have already rejected the country's proposal. Sri Lanka and Pakistan have already agreed to remain the host country.
Schools without hostels have been running smoothly while those with hostels have not been running smoothly because even though the Government has allowed to run schools, the Government has not yet given permission to open schools. to Hostel.
The schemes launched include 82 types of Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) 78, Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF) one, Intensive Arts & Culture Development Program (IACDP) one, Development of Traditional Folk Music (DTFM) one and Intensive Sports & Youth Development Program (ISYDP) one for the year 2022-2
East Jaintia Hills Police have registered a case under the Explosives Act and other laws and the investigation is ongoing to find out whether it has anything to do with the recent explosion of 4 kilos. weapons used are strongly suspected to be the same.
All the property of these families was destroyed by the flames.
He said that it doesn't matter what they understand, but on his part, even if he goes to heaven, he wants to ask the Lord Jesus to celebrate Christmas to remember. that great love of God which has been the reason why sinners have been restored to the right to receive eternal life.
“Do you go to class or not...?” asked Bahnah.
Giving an example of the vacancies, Bah Nongrum said, “According to the vacancies announced by the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) on 9th November 2022, out of 59 vacancies, 29 posts for Garo, 21 for Khasi-Jaintia, 121 posts announced by the MPSC on 14th November 2022 and 12 posts announced by the Meghalaya High Court. post on July 23, 2022, in which these announcements come after the Roster System was ordered to be implemented following a complaint by a woman from Garo Hills.
“Until now, the Rangbah Shnongs have not been arrested in any way because of the interim order of the Supreme Court,” he said. He advised the current CEM to take action on this matter, as it may come back before the Court at any time.
More than 1000 students aged 14 to 17 years attended the event.
Charles Leclerc, who currently drives for Scuderia Ferrari in the F1 Championship, expressed his delight at the team's ability to win the title in the current race.
The three-day Inter School Athletic Meet 2023, which ended on Thursday, was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
“I am confident that this young man will continue to bring fame and glory to the village and the State as a whole in the days to come,” said Bah Hamletson Dohling.
If you don't inform or report to the Election Commission of India that you are the only party contesting elections without a manifesto, how will the Election Commission of India react? It is also the first time in Meghalaya that political leaders holding highest posts such as Deputy Chief Minister, Minister, etc. have started campaigning for elections by talking. ruma rutit without finding anything, to throw six beit without finding anyone or a party that they hate thlong mluh thlong sying until they have been thrown away in front of many people.
Continuing to score five runs without the loss of wickets, EGH beat North Garo Hills by 40 runs for the loss of all wickets. rangtied who scored 50 goals with 53 balls.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: U Jobi Warlyrpih, a Judo coach, has been accused of shooting and bombing an 8-year-old boy. that hands that feet.
Meghalaya will start their match against Pondicherry on March 19. Other teams in the group include Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Bengal, Chandigarh, Saurashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
Leaders of KSU Nongpoh Circle led by the President of the Circle, Bah John Lyngdoh and members of the KSU Nongpoh Circle and members of the KSU Nongpoh Circle have arrested the foreigner. and what is more surprising is that after his arrest, he found many kinds of objects and books about animals which he had put inside the bag.
The Pre-Matric Scholarships Scheme for SC and Others is for SC students whose parents earn less than T.2.5 lakh per annum.
In this age, people don't care about farmland and even the government because those who own rice fields say that the price of a small farm is higher than that of a rice field. The construction of the National Highway has been completed.
This is the truth and when someone complains or someone criticizes their work, as has been done by some organizations like the CSWO and others, the powerful authorities or the coal barons or coal mafia will throw them away. and they did not hesitate to change their lives immediately.
He said there will be more meetings between the SSA, SRGT and the state government to discuss this issue.
New Delhi: All villages in the North East will soon have 4G networks by November this year, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju said today. Tuesday.
Speakers on the occasion included the Chief Secretary, KS Kropha, Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson, MSCW and Additional Chief Secretary PW Ingty.
In other words a lack of Wisdom and Understanding.
The JAC is headed by the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Syiem as Chairman and Secretary. Khrawbok Basaiawmoit, Executive Member of Sohra Hima.
He said the Inter Ministerial Central Team (IMCT) has also arrived in the city on Tuesday and will visit the affected areas in Khasi and Jaintia Hills. spirit to the Garo Hills.
Chhetri scored the 10th goal in the 78th minute to give Blues (Bengaluru FC) a chance at the second semifinal in Bengaluru on Saturday. Blei now you're right.
The SOPs were conducted in three states of the North East on the themes of 'Prime Minister Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), Swachh Bharat Abhiyan (SBA) and Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao (BB, BP').
He said that (L) Mihsalan Suchiang was one of the founder members of the United Democratic Party and he was also a humble, sincere and honest man.
He said the government should find ways and means to re-employ them as the unemployment has affected them too much to support their families.
These two chiefs were confirmed by the Basan Nongkseh and Basan Nongumlong, in the presence of Paiem Ainam, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet and other leaders. from the various Raids under the Hima Hylliem.
Nongpoh, Nailur, 24: A Khasi woman named Kong Juki Marwet, resident of Barapathar village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, has been threatened with rude words by two Khar. Assam residents of Barapathar village, Ri-Bhoi after this woman donated her land for the construction of a water tank under the JJM scheme to provide drinking water in this village.
They informed that they will send a proposal to the State Government to allocate funds for the improvement/repair of the quarters to accommodate the staff of the Board.
Because many of those who have learned now, many explanations have emerged to explain themselves like those blind men of ancient Hindustan who explained and explained about the elephant.
Angajur is the land of the Syiem of Sohra given by the Syiem of Sutnga and is about 14 kilometers east of Sylhet.
From these differences we can understand that the Khynriam has its own way of working, the Pnar has its own way of working, the War has its own way of working, the Bhoi has its own way of working and so on. .
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, said that most of the areas affected by the landslide have already been cleared and there are still parts of the road that have not been cleared. He said that the District authorities and the police are still monitoring the condition of the road due to the weather conditions.
Rangbah Shnong CS Khongsar, Village Authority, UDP President Homer Kharkongor, members and others were present at the distribution ceremony.
The death toll in the UK has now reached 14,576, but it is believed that the true figure may be higher than the above, as many hospitals have failed to report to the government.
The former secretary of STA has been on leave since November 2014 and since then all the activities of the people have been suspended.
However, there are still some synsar farmers who have expressed their doubts, saying that in the past years it has happened that once the price is high at the beginning of production, it does not last long. When the price has dropped, if you go to Shillong, you don't have to pay.
Furthermore, in 1976, the Government issued an ordinance to ban pomdieng in Shillong without the permission of the Dy Commissioner's Office. and agriculture and electronics and MIDC will take the lead on this issue.
Explaining the incidents leading up to the incident, on 5th November, 2023, the President of ACHIK, Thomas M. Marak, has sought permission from the DC, West Garo Hills, to hold a strike as a On 10th November, 2023, the DC gave permission to the group to proceed with the strike with the rules.
The death toll in the United States has exceeded 2,000 and the US has the highest number of cases in the world.
Mulakkal said that as he had to be investigated by the Kerala police on charges of rape, he handed over the case to Mathew Kokkandam.
Explaining on the preparation of witnesses, the Chairman said that the members of the Committee have already prepared the witnesses, and it will be considered through three grounds. know the historical background, the language and religion of the villagers, the development projects of the government, and the collective decision of the villagers what they want where to be and finally the relationship from one village to another or (geographical).
The FKJGP together with the family members of the Secretary of the Hima Nongspung, today went to meet with the Secretary of the Hima Nongspung. RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, where they also expressed many of the demands of the party.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that she recently had a meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma regarding the strategy. that it is used for the construction of medical schools in Assam.
In this regard, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Himanta Biswa Sarma has issued a ban and informed that the state government will not allow any government employees to take part in illegal extortion. the public.
Speaking at a meeting held by the five parties today after a mass rally at the Secretariat, Bah Sambormi, strongly criticized Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who admitted that the MDA government will change the city. Jowai as a Smart City and Nongkrem as a Model Town.
The raid was conducted after receiving a complaint from the Rangbah Dong of Bomfyle Road, Bah Keith Kharshiing.
This is the exploitation of the income of the poor and weak groups of people by others who are strong and who are struggling to maintain that power in some places where it is needed.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Rangdajied United 3-0 in the U-13 Youth League today at MFA Ground, Polo. Straight.
And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest, saith the Lord. .
“After trying to export 1.5 metric tonnes of sohniamtra to the Middle East, we have now been able to prepare to export 20 metric tonnes and today, it is the happiest for our farmers.
He alleged that it was the Congress which taught to kidnap and embezzle money until many of them were killed.
Lyngdoh today sent a letter to the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, to demand the removal of Sangma from the Assembly Committee on Estimates.
The private hospitals selected for the award are Bethany Hospital, Shillong and Bansara Eye Care Centre.
Conrad said this while speaking at the 16th National Civil Services Day at Hotel Pinewood.
“Of course, the matter has been in the Supreme Court, but we have not received any information yet,” said the Principal Secretary.
Up to 72 players have come to take part in the tournament in various categories such as Under-15 Boys' Singles, Men's Doubles, Under-19 Boys' Singles, Veteran Singles (40 years and above), Veteran Doubles (40 years old), Men's Singles, and Women's Singles.
“The HSRPs are no different and are more difficult to manufacture and have a punching mark where other number plates do not have,” he said.
They don't know the meaning of 'Noise' and also the meaning of 'Noise Pollution'
The Chief Justice also quoted from the complaint of Bah C Aikom Diengdoh, dated 7th November 2018, which stated that only men aged 18 years and above, can elect Rangbah Shnong but the court, On the same grounds, women should also be allowed to vote and therefore on this upcoming election in Nohwet village, which falls under the Khyrim Hima of Pynursla Civil Sub Division, women will also have the opportunity to vote. thep vote.
Buses can be accommodated by male and female inspectors to avoid any tragic incident.
All the districts in the country are ready to receive people who have questions about loan options and enrollment under various Government schemes.
They were traveling in a Force Traveler when they reached Pommura, Mawryngkneng Block, East Khasi Hills.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has strongly condemned the CM for ignoring the feelings and voice of the people of the North East including Meghalaya by introducing the Citizenship Amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha to allow Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan not to be considered foreigners and to grant citizenship to India.
He said that all his supporters had gone to support Bah Egenstar and he too had to follow suit.
He said that on the part of the Prime Minister, when he introduced the budget, he only mentioned what they have done in the past years, but in the budget that was introduced, it was not. to provide employment opportunities for the youth.
However, it explains the inability of the government to accept these demands of the union.
The TSA doesn't sleep and does its job and has shown various sports events organized by the TSA and these include, in the year 2016-17 TSA League at Ummulong Stadium, 2016- 17 Under 16 Football Tournament Ummulong, 2017-18 Age group boys and girls football and various other games, organized by DSO Jowai in collaboration with TSA, at the stadium Ummulong.2018-19 28/12/2018 Baby football (U-12) ha Phlongingkhaw2018-19 No ground available for TSA league(Hence postponed)2019-20 TSA league at Khliehtyrshi Stadium2020-21 stop everything Ground1 due- to No202 Covid202 available Badminton Tournament 2022-23 The TSA League Badminton Tournament will be held recently at Khliehtyrshi and the final date will be on 20/9/2 A strong earthquake struck Morocco on Tuesday, 72 kilometers east of Marrakesh. The earthquake struck Morocco on Tuesday. it is 6.8 magnitude.
As the BJP party, which rules the Union Government in Delhi, expects it to help; but the party did nothing.
Nongpoh: Our Khasi people are a nation that lives only in the relationship between us and we don't have gratitude, but we are quick to ask and we don't have what to give or give. said Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on the occasion of the opening ceremony of the Sports Complex at Mawroh.
The union requests all the teachers of Upper Primary Schools in East Khasi Hills District to take their time to attend this day without fail to discuss many of the activities of the union. for the good of the teachers as a whole.
I didn't think he would leave the NCP and go out and walk another path," Raut said.
Hek handed over the Rs 2,04,000 to Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan during a meeting with the Chief Minister in Thiruvananthapuram.
Police said that on the morning of 17th July, the leader of the party had arrested a group of Dkhars who were coming by car from Karbi Anglong area of ​​Assam to the state.
He said that under the leadership of the MDA government, despite the challenges of covid-19, many roads, many projects have been completed and now it is expected. that it will be able to carry out more and more projects for the development of the state.
HD.
Once again we urge you the youth of Sohra area to come forward and take part in this signature campaign so that the state government will listen and implement our demand which is beneficial. Thank you to all the young people who are looking for jobs in the land of Hynniewtrep.
The Secretary of the church, Biju Oommen, said they received a complaint from the husband of the victim and immediately dismissed the priests.
The US has warned that if they go to the countryside, they will easily defeat ISIS fighters and that will not be long.
“I have been threatened by the supporters because they have always alleged that there is no urea and that there is no subsidy.
“We will take strict action but in case we cut off the electricity to all the towers, you will see what will happen because the network will not be affected. “We have to ask for the electricity bill and at the same time we have to avoid cutting off the electricity from the mobile towers to avoid the network interruption,” said Mondal.
Dr. Sankey Shangpung, MDC Bataw Lakadong Constituency was the chief guest.
Shillong: Regarding the reopening of schools, the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the government's decision is still pending and has not yet taken any decision. decision to open schools in the state.
LP School beat Mukhla Grassroot Center 1-0 with Steffy Jungai (35) scoring the first goal of the match.
Besides, the union said that if these 18 tire vehicles are allowed, the traffic jam will be very severe in Jaintia Hills.
There were 19 teams in the tournament and they were divided into three groups.
Therefore, this is the huri hura.
It was informed that this Shad Sukra is part of the thanksgiving to the nature which is the caretaker and provider of happiness in all the four seasons of mankind. Thousands of children went down to cultivate the fields.
By the end of the minute, both teams had no chance to score but had to end the match through a penalty.
As witnessed, many of the households in many states have been severely affected by the heavy rains especially by landslides and floods.
The availability of the Northeast Space Application in the Umiam areas of Meghalaya is a great benefit to the North East.
In Roman times the cross was a symbol of sin, rejection and humiliation, and the Lord's suffering on the cross could be said to be a painful death. and it was very shameful, because the Roman government at that time considered it to be the execution of thieves and robbers, as it is now. .
He ordered the death of all the boys in Bethlehem and in all the surrounding towns who were two years old and under" Matthew 2:1 It is an act of hostility with the intention of exterminating the Arabs of Palestine.
The meeting was conducted by Bah W.Nongrum Sordar Shnong Mawkdok. The keynote address was given by the former Sordar of Swer Village Bah Soldron Nongrum. The last speech was delivered by Bah Egenstar Kurkalang who is also the General Secretary of the Union.
The donation was made after the incident on November 21, 2022 at 12 noon when a blazing fire broke out in the residence of Bah Honestboy Syiemlieh. and Merity Shylla with 4 children.
You are a brother.
The land which has been allocated by the Raid Marwet for the construction of the garbage dump is located in Umnowe Village under the Raid Marwet. from Killing to the villages of Pilangkat and Umtyrnga.
Any teams who wish to participate are kindly requested to arrive at Malki Stadium at 1:00 pm.
BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the BJP leader in charge of Scheduled Tribes/Scheduled Castes (Scheduled Tribes/Scheduled Castes) Hayithung Bill Lotha and the leader of the Scheduled Castes Congress minority leader Rejaul Karim Laskar, has only been in the newspaper and he has not received any written confirmation.
He said the new prison will accommodate about 1000 prisoners and the government will expedite the transfer of prisoners to the new prison as soon as it is completed within two years.
Markets and shops should be closed, except for home delivery, which should also be closed with the permission of the district authorities.
The number of people sitting on the footpath has also caused a lot of anxiety and fear to walk even in the morning.
On the other hand, the union has urged MeECL to expedite the installation of the transformer in Mawphansaw village, which is already in place in Mawkyrwat. The transformer has failed in Nongmluh.
Speaking on the occasion, Minister of Electricity AT Mondal praised the Chief Minister for the steps he has taken which will benefit the people of the State.
Noting that the opposition now has a majority in the Rajya Sabha, he said that when the BJP needs to pass Bills, they have to go to the small parties to get support.
Some of the items were hidden in the forest and others were hidden in the ground. The items were searched by the villagers and Williamnagar police, the report said.
The Government of Meghalaya, while tying the doors of the Supreme Court against the order of the High Court, has said that the demarcation or exchange of land between the two states is the and this is under the supervision of the Government.
Not only that, some villages have introduced foreigners (Dkhars) and given them a place to live and a place to live and bury just because those Dkhars are of the same faith.
“This delay has caused problems to many of the youth of our country especially the poor families like Samla Hubert Paliar.
A few days after the Reserve Bank's announcement to ban the use of T.2,000 notes, Congress MP in the Rajya Sabha Digvijaya Singh has strongly criticized the CM. should not explain the production of T.2,0
Returning to the second half where the sky also gave way and there was no more interference, the players also came out on the field to throw their balls with the intention that inside the Nongbri Brothers' FT in the 71st minute scored the first goal of the match through Shano Tariang. Through this 10 goals, the players of Se-la-jong FT could not turn the tide until the end of the minutes.
Willaim Tyndale had a firm belief and said, “Only if the farmer who plows, the mystery who builds a house, the woman who sews clothes, the fisherman, the child who herds goats, herds cows and ordinary people can read the Bible in a language they understand.
She said that after receiving these suggestions, they will send them back to the government and the government will consider and take a decision on all these suggestions.
The invitation tournament was organized by the Little Star Football Academy.
On the same day, Bah Marweiñ also donated sports uniforms to the youth of Domskhen under the banner of Domskhen Rum Sport Club and Domskhen Sport.
If she runs away from her husband.
The incident took place yesterday at Kabul airport, where British troops are stationed, gathering their own people and equipment. leave Afghanistan.
“How can the government implement the order?” said the statement, adding that this unwritten order is a ploy to intimidate the principals and teachers.
This “KUT” was built during the New Year and Old Year to serve as the SENG KUTSNEM. Whatever work is in accordance with the nature of the Jaidbynriew, they take the season according to the lunar calendar of the Khun Khasi Khara.
Shillong Lajong will play against Laban on the 23rd.
These small changes can prevent high blood pressure.
“He said this at a program held in Sivasagar, Assam, after inaugurating the multi-specialty hospital supported by ONGC at this place.
Ninong Ering said five people were abducted by Chinese troops.
The law has been passed and the poor have suffered.
He said that the Jowai Church was the first Unitarian Church in these areas including Assam and Meghalaya and was first founded on 18th September
Others who supported the motion were South Tura MLA John Leslee K Sangma and Dadengeri MLA James K Sangma.
There is no school or church in this area.
When there is a death, it can be seen that the people come only to pay their respects but after that they go home.
The village leaders of Umwali, Langpih area, on Tuesday met with the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, Bikram Marak, to hand over the land titles. Please donate to the village for the construction of a Police Out-Post in Umwali.
The Congress, which has 17 MLAs, has lost a single MLA after 12 MLAs joined the All India Trinamool Congress and three others joined the All India Trinamool Congress. Mairang, June 25: The Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, today celebrated the 50th Anniversary of the State on the 27th of this month at Madan. Mot Tirot Wet.
Furthermore, the laws protecting the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in India, such as the Prevention of Atrocities Act, 1989 as well as the executive department of the Government of India, the Ministry of Tribal Affairs.
The principles that lead to the decision are as follows:-“Even if the law provides that the promises made in the election cannot be charged as “corruption” According to Section 123 of the RP Act, the fact is that it is inevitable that the distribution of freebies in any form will undoubtedly affect the people.
“In the streets, scooty drivers in the evening fell, fell and were injured and many scooties were damaged.
The European Parliament today discussed the Citizenship Amendment Act at a meeting in Brussels, which is expected to be approved by members today. however, the decision was postponed to October
No matter how many times a man or woman denies that there is a syrngiew in the syndah; but they shall not escape from it.
The opening ceremony was attended by the village leaders, women's organizations, members of the KSU as well as the youth of the village.
The incident ha Ichamati, near the Majai market, of Sohra Civil Sub Division, has been a shocking incident and the reason, is that the robbers, dared to carry wooden sticks. There was a stone throwing and damage to vehicles, which were in the village at the time of the incident.
The report alleged that it was illegal to allow RGI, Chennai to participate in the tender and to include M/s Rishan Rapsang as the company that was awarded the project.
On the UDP side, I, Bah Donkupar Sumer, and Kong Rona Khymdeit at that time, in the EC, opposed this, because we said, what would be the point of being in the district council to hold the But at that time, as CEM of Bah Ardent, under the shatri of ARPA in 2014, he brought up the issue of changing the jait and I am against this,” said Teinwel.
Therefore, the CoRP together with the elders have decided to send a letter to the PWD authorities to demand the completion of this road which is the budlum of the development of the area. Immediately implement the sub center which has been abandoned for three years.
Pangniang said the HPDP has decided to announce the name of Sanjied Shangrit as the candidate for the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections from Nongstoiñ Constituency.
On the other hand, Bah Basan in his speech congratulated the West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) for organizing such a tournament in the district. who have the spirit of this kind of game.
However, if you don't have the right to buy land and you don't have a BENAMI, you don't know.
On the same day, a stone tablet of the village was unveiled as a memorial to the ancestors who established the village and as a sign of the celebration of the 75th anniversary of the village.
Muivah said the NSCN-IM has reached talks with the Indian government and expects Indian government chief RN Ravi to return soon to talk to the Naga people. .
The order said that although the Government has already submitted the status report, it has not mentioned the full details.
After completing her B.Sc in Chemistry, she went to work in the Department of Agriculture, Government of Assam, Shillong in the 1950s and became the founder of the Fruit Processing Factory in Fruit Garden in
However, Bah Bindo said that until now he is a person who has never changed and his spirit has not allowed him to join any party since he first entered politics in Since the time of the APHLC which turned into the HPU, in 1997 the UDP has emerged again. anywhere, right up until the moment he spoke to the media.
The Mawkhar Women's Welfare Organization in collaboration with the National Mission Eye Care on Friday conducted a Free Eye Check-Up at the Community Hall, Mawkhar from 11 am to 4 pm.
Who can blame the DCA or the Legal Department of the State Government which is involved in ensuring that the VAB does not violate any laws of the Government of India? The government is responsible for the VAB.
According to Misonwell Rangtong, who is in charge of the tourist site, there are many tourists who come to the tourist site with the spirit of respecting this unique gift of nature.
They are planes, only 'the small ones are burned and eaten'
He also reminded that the Khasi youth are not lacking in intelligence and ideas to achieve their goals like other ethnic groups, but we have young people who are skilled, intelligent and equal to There are also many young people who are very talented but the opportunity is not open. For this reason, the KSU has taken the initiative to select students who are skilled in sent abroad to train in various civil service examinations so that the youth of the jaitbynriew can hold the shabuk in the Khadar rule in this country.
However, we see that only 8967 farmers have been included in the list to receive the fifth installment of this scheme.
Thomas Jones translated the Gospel of Matthew into Khasi in
Police sources said that the woman had gone to the lyngkha on the same day while her husband had stayed overnight.
On 14th July 2023, at 8.40 pm, a message was sent to Cantonment Beat House from Sardar Police Station that at 5.45 pm, a body was recovered from a well in Boucher. Road Shillong.
The MLA elections this time have had different incidents and this one is about the victory of the party without any opposition in Thiruthuraipoondi of Tamil Nadu.
Shillong: The Police Department of the State Government is waiting for the State Government to provide land for the construction of the Central Jail in the State as the State does not have a Central Jail like other states. in the country.
All the evil in the world comes because the love of many has grown cold.
The members of the State Level Committee are Chairman Dr Mukul Sangma, C&RD Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, PHE Minister Prestone Tynsong, PWD Minister MM Danggo, Additional CS T Tsering, Principal Secretary RM Mishra, RV Suchiang, Secretary IR Sangma, MN Nampui and DD Sangma, Director of Housing.
Other decisions of the CEC were that the union will meet with the government to discuss the issue of Bonded and Non-Bonded Nurses in the state.
“This time your two leaders (Gavin M.Mylliem, Banteidor Lyngdoh and Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang) are people who are walking in the right path.
“I have seen with my own eyes and my people have seen those incidents,” said Bah Bindo.
The MDA government will be disappointed if it cannot stop and work properly within the next two years.
The CEM said that we need women in the Khaddar administration and this is an example that we in JHADC also respect and empower women.
On the other hand, the Minister of Urban Affairs today visited the residence of the clothes vendors from Motphran Bridge who have been relocated to the top of the Jaiaw parking lot.
Shillong, Naitung 29 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Sports, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the identification of special talents on the third day of the State Talent Identification Program which was held on Friday. The event was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), with the support of the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs and implemented by the Edge10 Group, led by Australian Olympic athlete Ian Campbell. He set a world record in the triple jump at the 1980 Moscow Olympics.
The Assam Students Union (AASU) has been leading a strong protest in Assam for seven years.
Services scored 236/9 in 50 overs.
Therefore, he appealed to the people not to burn forests, shoot birds, or damage the environment for the sake of the future.
No man hath seen God at any time; if we love one another, his love is perfected in us.
He said that it is the present government which has turned bad governance into good governance and aims to ensure that all those who should benefit from the schemes get this.
In the second leg, Sohmynting Dongnein beat Khlieh Myntdu Neinshnong 2-0
Reuveny Nongtdu, Director Vocational Service and Gilford Pde from Chilliangraij, Jowai were also informed about the activities of the Rotary Club of International. Tariangmon Lamat, a traditional herbal practitioner from Amlarem.
Nongpoh: The All Killing Auto Union (AKAU), which consists of hundreds of auto drivers in Killing area, today staged a temporary strike. They have expressed their strong opposition to the government's silence regarding the excessive deterioration of the road, which is also the road which connects many villages in the area.
According to the figures released by the Chief Electoral Officer, Mookaiaw Constituency, Mookaiaw Constituency has the highest percentage of voters with 92.73%, ie 36,102 out of 38,932 voters. voters.
You are a man, a shisha.
New Delhi: In Dharavi, a homeless shelter, 33 new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed today and two more have died. , is 1061 people.
Shillong, July 10: A public meeting on the Lokayukta will be held at Mawlai Bus Stand tomorrow at 3 pm.
Shillong: Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang today urged the Meghalaya government to support the doctors, nurses, ASHA workers and police who have worked hard to fight against the disease. corona virus' inside the state.
The question is why do young men want to work only in this state? Why don't they want to leave the state to work when they get a job? Why didn't you choose where you wanted to work? Can you say that they don't have a job? There is a job if you have enough education and the desire to work, but if you don't have enough education and you don't have the desire to work hard, then who can we blame? the house.
I therefore believe that this article in this article will further develop the coffee cultivation in our Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
So when temptations come, turn to God in prayer.
“I just returned from Delhi on Tuesday and we have received the Manifesto which we will translate from English to Khasi and we will distribute the appeals made by the party. “We will be able to distribute it to the party workers,” he said.
“BJP members unanimously condemn this act of this TMC MP,” said BJP Meghalaya spokesperson Mariahom Kharkhrang.
Other speakers included Fr. Paul Moonjey, Fr Varghese, Directors of Caritas India, who explained the work and journey of Caritas India from 1962 to the present day, especially to serve the people of Caritas India. the east in different directions.
If found guilty of the rules the penalty is up to two years in prison.
The committee has also approved Nallappan Mohanraj as assistant coach, Raghuvir Khanwalkar as goalkeeping coach and Gavin Elias Araujo as fitness coach.
CDS Bipin Rawat was on his way to the Defense Staff College in Wellington from the Indian Air Force headquarters in Sulur, near Coimbatore.
It would be a great disaster if a person turned against God.
However, they died on the way to hospital.
The following are newly advertised jobs:.
Police have also investigated to verify the drugs through the NDPS kit and according to the verification, it was found to be heroin weighing 22.34 grams.
All the work is done by the teachers.
If the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers were clean, they would have been the two most important sources of water for the people of Shillong and the people would not have to wait for water from the Mawphlang Dam. The PHE Water Supply Scheme is available through the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme.
The delegation was led by Forwardman Nongrem, President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and Pulljohn Wanniang, Organizing Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). District and other Seng leaders.
It is learned that Erendro has been shocked by the claims of BJP leaders that they should be treated with cow's milk or cow's milk to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Shillong Municipal Board has already moved its office to a temporary office to pave the way for the improvement of the quarters for the accommodation of the employees living in Them Metor.
They don't use shampoo in the past, but they wash their hair with methi and sum with hand water. These beauty pageants are the biggest thieves in the world. They are the marketers of their products and now we see that there are women's beauty centers in every part of India”.
The SP of East Khasi Hills.
HAPPINESS OVERCOME ANGER:— Constant stress and anxiety often lead to anger, sadness in everyday life and this gradually makes you feel lonely which can be dangerous in the future.
The court said the demand to punish Champion Sangma was insufficient evidence and what remains is that there is only one case against Champion Sangma, Dey said.
In the evening before I close my eyes,I'm happy and excited;To listen to the ancient stories,About forty tribes.
Last month, NASA and the European Union's Copernicus Climate Change Service said July was the hottest month of the year.
Mawlongbah Football Team won the 1st Maitshaphrang Knockout Futsal Tournament 2022 with the participation of eight teams. which beat the GS team 3 – 1 in the final.
The opening ceremony was attended by Sutnga MDC Richard Sing Lyngdoh, former MLA Hopefull Bamon, Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bankupar Sutnga, Sutnga Village Head, Imon-me Sutnga. General Secretary of Sutnga Village Council and others.
The incident happened at the Shelter Home of the Social Welfare Department, Mawdiangdiang.
They said that according to Ma Shibun's statement, it seems that he has a close relationship with the Congress party or with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
As soon as she arrived, she was tested by RAT, which showed that she did not have covid, but at the same time, she tested by RT PCR and showed that she had covid, but died in surgery, on the evening of January 30, 2021.
He said that the JHADC has not passed any laws for 5 to 10 years and has not implemented even the existing laws.
In this district, out of the two constituencies, Mairang and Mawthadraishan, Mairang is still the lowest.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has canceled the Notice No.GEN-235, dated 18th July 2023 regarding the wholesale auction of coal. the complaint of insufficient counting of the coal as specified in the Auction Notice.
She said that Bah Pynshngaiñlang N.Syiem who was elected CEM is one of the victims in this case and therefore, do not approve his post as CEM because he has violated Rule 17 ( 1) (a) of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya and also by being an MLA in violation of Article 191 (1) (a) of the Constitution of India.
Therefore, the conversion of the small land of Tynring/Mawpdang/Mawdiang to Ri-Raij is a violation of the fundamental rights of the Khasi people.
On the other hand, the Secretary said that until now, the Sengkhasi Sohiong Pyllun does not have a single meeting place to gather together the Khasi who hold to their own religion.
Two others were seriously injured and were treated at NEIGRIHMS and have now returned home.
He replied to a question raised by Mawkhar MDC Bah PN Syiem who asked whether the Bill will be in line with the Chairman and VECs to implement according to the law.
“We have reminded the NPP-led Executive Committee of GHADC not to play with the feelings of the people,” said a statement from GHUA. on his speech against the Garo people using the internet.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Sengbhalang leader Angela Rangad has slammed the government for illegally demolishing the houses of people in Mawlong-Mawtari and Umsawli villages on the 8th of this month.
Rodingson Dkhar Nongpyndeng won the title of the youngest player and Lenny Lyngdoh of Khliehmawlieh YC Nongpoh, Nailur 23: The 1st Damanbait Lamare Knock Out Football Tournament will be held on Saturday, November 24, 2013 in Ri-Bhoi District. at 1 pm at Umroi Nongrah Stadium.
About 29 states from across India have participated in the tournament.
Each constituency shall seek candidates who wish to become legislators and shall submit their names along with good characteristics, certificates of education. , resources.
“What I am saying is that the law will go its own way.
He said that at the meeting, the VC admitted that there was a mistake in the notice sent to the colleges on 12th November and the VC and the team had informed them. They will take this announcement to the next meeting of the Academic Council (AC) which will be held at the end of April or the first month of November this year.
The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLA) has demanded this after the Rajya Sabha passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Six months before the MDC elections, the Shella constituency has been one of the hottest constituencies.
KSU Namdong Area Unit and members of Namdong Village 'B' have appealed to the government to provide for these shortages especially now that this disease has started spreading in this area. He also urged the public not to panic and to be vigilant and not to be stingy. , and they must also follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
It is to be recalled that the Nongstoiñ District Jail has been under construction since 2005 which the government has allocated at the same time as the District Jail in Nongpoh which has been completed so far. The Nongstoin District Jail has not yet been completed and has remained empty at the Nongstoin District Jail.
“We don't want to see or hear of bloodshed in the state,” said Dr Mawthoh.
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui has introduced the Meghalaya Private University Bill,
Regarding the demand for the recognition of the Khasi language under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, Kong Ampareen said that cooperation is needed, as at present many other states are still waiting. the line to recognize their language.
“We are ready to fight by any means to prevent the implementation of Hindu language among the people of the state,” he said.
Together, they had already tied 133 runs for the loss of three wickets and added nearly 200 runs after the end of the friendly match.
The fish is said to live well in clean waters and also eats insects and insects, the scientists told reporters.
The point I want to mention is that the Khasi customs and religion have been shaped since ancient times by the people as they are in this environment, perhaps for thousands and tens of thousands of years.
Khliehriat MDC, Fineliness Bareh, congratulated the Jaintia Eastern College Khliehriat for organizing this program and said that this is very important for the children and the public to know. the great deeds, the mighty deeds of the mighty men of old.
New Delhi: The counting of votes is underway in Assam, West Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Puducherry.
If they do so, then we will believe that the law is the same for all, but it will be useless to proclaim the law if those who have committed this crime escape punishment.
I don't know if it's Congress or BJP.
The Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival, which has been a popular festival in previous years, will be held from 17th to 19th November. It was held in Ri Bhoi district.
The Supreme Court today refused to suspend the NEET 2020 examination.
Sanjida Nongrum (4 min), Nisilia Majaw (24,26,31 min), Fragracy Riwan (42.59 min) while Darishisha Kharlyngdoh (12 min) won the first goal for Umthli. .
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor expressed his gratitude to the Minister for promising to assist the state government to assist the youth to set up jobs or Cooperative Societies, SHGs and so on.
He said that the missionaries who have served as priests in the past 100 years are witnesses of Christ and we who are alive today want to be witnesses to renew that way of life. that we may witness the light of Christ without fear or dread of what is to come, what has happened and what will happen. We must not be afraid to witness to Christ.
So the son of man is Jesus.
Niakha knew that there was something wrong with her daughter Kha.
The Lokayukta's order came after the police chief submitted the report of the investigation.
Shillong, November 12: The Christmas wind has started to blow with the first signs to recognize the beginning of Christmas.
This is also the first time that these two teams have faced each other in the history of the I-League and it is expected to be a thrilling match.
Besides giving their congratulations, the RBYF also donated money to the youth, which will help him to participate in the competition.
Shillong Lajong coach Alison Kharsyntiew said that after winning two chess matches, Lajong has encouraged the players.
This comes after the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma in October this year.
Mawkyrwat, March 03: St. Xavier's College, Umoid, South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday celebrated the first College Day of the students of the year Hall of the College, Umoid where Ma Vincent H. Pala, Member of Parliament from Shillong Constituency was the chief guest.
“For now, the government will look for ways and means to implement within the tourism sector to develop the state from tourism,” he said.
Former Mowkaiaw MLA Robinus Syngkon has also been elected as a sitting MLA from the NPP.
In some parts of Shillong, it was learned that the people were smuggling beef which the vendors had come to offer to many houses and offices.
The work includes (i) design and build 55 m3/day and all appurtenant structures and allied works complete including testing, Trial run for 3 Months and commissioning of the plant to the satisfaction of the Engineer (period of completion – 12 months); (ii) operation & maintenance of the complete works of septage waste treatment plant and allied works for a period of 3 (three) years at Sabah Muswang, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills, State of Meghalaya, India.
To talk about the structure of the family will never end because its journey is long and long, many times longer than the human card.
Eastern Ri Bhoi FC, which won the tournament, received a cash prize of T.40,000 and a trophy, while Kynjoin Umran SC, which lost the tournament, received a cash prize of T.40,000 and a trophy. In the final, she won a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy.
This is the second electricity pipeline crossing the border between India and neighboring countries.
Adelbert, who is the Working President of the party, told Rupang that so far, there are seven candidates, who have been released by the party, who are ready to contest the MDC election. “We don't go to campaign for candidates, but the people from the constituencies will elect the candidates themselves,” he said. candidate, they are candidates, they are not true.
She is also the first Indian women's athlete to win a gold medal at the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea and the first Indian women's athlete to win a gold medal at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
He said that such programs will help the farmers to connect with the markets to sell their produce.
It has also hosted the World Cup in 1970 and 1986, and will now be one of the countries in partnership to host the World Cup in 2026 along with Canada and the USA. .Let's draw the letter E first.
The opposition has decided to seek clarification from the state government whether it has sent the recommendations of the Autonomous District Councils to the central government in
When bih is added to our food items, who else can escape it.
He said that the existence of a Check Point which the union has demanded from the beginning so that the Department of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary can ensure that the cows that reach the meat farmers are suitable for consumption but it is not enough. This Check Point has turned into a place to loot from the smugglers.
In 2016, the school was moved to Ialong.
He said the training will be for three months and will be held at the Jaintia Institute & Technology.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh as the chief guest, Bah CL Masharing, President of RBDSA, Bah DR Ryntathiang, General Secretary of RBDSA, Bah Augustine. Wahlang and others.
In 2000, the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Government of India declared the HNLC illegal under the provisions of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA)
The SMR also asked what Mukul Sangma has done to solve the problem regarding the cemetery in Maikhuli.
He said that the ST and SC should be encouraged to fight for their share of jobs to compete with others, not just to wait for their share in jobs and other jobs.
However, this year the price has increased by 3 tyngka per kilo and those who come to buy sying at the market are from Assam, Dudnoi, Dhupdhara and other places.
However, surprisingly, the gatekeepers did not believe the government's order.
A full trial is expected in 2023.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, MPLU General Secretary Batskhem Basaiawmoit said that they had discussed with the Human Resource Officer of the company.
Schemes (Banning) Act,” said Reddy.
The Raid and Hima leaders said that they will cooperate with the FKJGP and especially on the issue of finding a garbage dump, as it is a basis for the support of all.
Assam Police on Tuesday announced that a computer science student of NERIST – Aniket Dutta Gupta (19) has been missing since last Tuesday. , he was involved in the rape of his own life by crossing the Bogibeel Bridge into the Brahmaputra River.
These include three BSF personnel in East Khasi Hills, three others and three in Ri Bhoi District.
The figures have not yet revealed whether the new government will go to Gantz, but it will be too difficult for Netanyahu, who has led the country for the past 40 years, to continue here and there.
Other speakers like Bah K.Kharumlong, Rangbah Dong Umpling Umjathang, Bah K.Lyngdoh, Bah Kynsai Nongphud who conducted the meeting also expressed their gratitude for the special memory of the former MLA to the residents. their village.
Darius said that the man, who is still very young, is 35 years old, while the woman, who is very old, is believed to be about 50 years old. go up, said Mr. Mawlieh.
“Will you Khasi, Garos, Jaintias, Rabas and other ethnic groups be bought? Yes!", said Rahul.
When we turn to India, we witness that this disease has spread to almost all the states although it is still low compared to other countries mentioned above.
As soon as the traders saw the BSF troops, they fled and left behind their goods by taking advantage of the forest.
Hosea's love for Gomer did not fade, and he kept looking for her.
Nongpoh, November 19: Before the celebration of Christmas, the Dorbar Shnong Saiden, Ri Bhoi District, has held a celebration of Christmas. Pre-Christmas as part of the celebration of this Christmas will be celebrated or witnessed around the world.
This will also cause problems to the passengers," he added.
He said the meeting felt that the power struggle between the government and the political parties has caused problems to the people of the state.
The incident happened at 4:45 pm when a Scorpio driven by Samiulla Ali was heading from Shillong to Guwahati. The Scorpio collided with the divider of the NHAI, which caused the vehicle to overturn and cause injuries to the occupants.
“We went to that place to demand the release of the three arrested persons, but the Assam Police did not listen and they have a secret intention to insult and do whatever they want,” said Bah Sarlangki.
He said that the police officers are trained but in such cases there are many confusions.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Bajop Pyngrope, MDC Rambrai-Jyrngam Constituency, President of the Khasi Jaintia Students Union, Treibor R. Suchen, DSP of Ri Bhoi, S. Pasleiñ. and other leaders and members of KJSU, Guwahati Unit and especially the students and those youths working in Guwahati.
The JHADC has taken this decision after the Sengbhalang leader failed to provide the necessary documents including Professional Tax, Temporary Clearance Certificate (TCC) for foreign workers. The NOC is available from the Tympang Club.
In an interview with Bah Rudy Warjri, it was understood that the great achievements of Sohblei Patrick Warjri are because he has succeeded in eradicating drugs and crime in the village. in thaw.
Shillong, November 07: U Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan on Tuesday celebrated with school children at a function held at his residence at Raj Bhavan organized by the Inner Wheel Club, Shillong.
Agartala: The Janajati Suraksha Mancha, a political party in Tripura, which the Congress and CPIM have allegedly received support from the RSS, has announced to hold a rally on November demanded that indigenous people should be removed from their Schedule Tribe (ST) list if they convert to Christianity.
It's Kata you're talking about.
The damage was severe as all the old wooden buildings were completely destroyed except for the new wooden buildings and two wooden buildings remained.
They stayed for a while and later moved to their home in Mawlai Mawtawar.
It is worth mentioning that SMEA has taken this step to appeal to the court because the government has ignored their demands for the release of the arrer which has been pending for nine years.
Trainiang Phawa said, “First there were two youths from my house who came and walked through the house of the Waheh Shnong in Tuber Kmai village. There were many people standing in the darkness of the place where they were talking sih and tim sih, and on the part of my family they said that you should not tim sih inside the village and immediately those people They surrounded and shot them. After that, those who were shot called me and I was afraid that something might happen. The Waheh Shnong, Miki Lyngdoh, Secretaries and VDPs were present but they didn't say anything. They just watched the shooting. young child.
However, those investigators were appointed by the government and the investigation has not yet been made public.
As the days and years passed, the lives of the people changed.
Messi scored the first goal for PSG in the 59th minute but Strasbourg through Kevin Gameiro equalized in the 79th minute.
She said that Victoria's mother had asked for details of the incident but the police had refused.
Indeed, a recruitment agency, in its report, showed that the search for nurses from India to work abroad increased by 38% in these last three years, from March 2020 to
Covering the soil with muleh has also been found to reduce the risk of this disease.
The seminar was held at the Conference Hall, MDC Hostel. The resource person for the seminar was Prof. LS Gassah, Professor of Political Science, NEHU. Gassah, in his speech, spoke on many issues related to the Sixth Schedule as well as the powers of the District Council.
Aizawl strengthened their play in the second half and in the 57th minute Joe Zoherliana scored the third goal to strengthen the team to three points.
The old woman, the market vendors and the merchants were amazed and looked at the old woman as they removed the chains from her feet.
Fourthly, Captain Harry Inglis was encouraged by the views expressed by the Deputy Governor of Bengal, Sir John Hunter Littler, that the Charter Act 1833 could not be amended. ) to Rev. Thomas Jones if he has already received a license to stay in Khasi Hills.
To this day, Sunil believes that Sonam has always been by his side, supporting and encouraging him in his various sports.
Don't blame us teachers," said the father. "No, I will bear the sin and I will suffer at home for them.
The Chairman of the NECCC and the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) Bah DD Lapang has condemned the BJP's insult to the people of the area. Delhi.
They have changed their name to the Meghalaya Demonic Alliance.
Justin Bieber is suffering from Ramsay Hunt syndrome, which has caused him to cancel his programs. He has prepared to go to different countries of the world.
“We will achieve the income target of 10 billion US dollars through the focus on 10 areas of openness.
This means that there are still many jobs available for those who are unemployed or underemployed, which means that this market is an opportunity for the unemployed especially the youth.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU), FKJGP, Ri-bhoi Youth Federation (RNYF) and Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) have demanded that the Meghalaya government should call for a new meeting. Special Session to hold discussion on ILP in Meghalaya.
He said that before the council sends the affidavit, it will soon set up a committee comprising various experts to discuss the issue and the KHADC will also hold a meeting on the 5th of this month. Khasi National Durbar Hall with the owners and traders of mineral resources to discuss the NGT ban on coal mining and trade which has affected the state.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday promised that the government will fight against the drug menace which has been the cause of the increase in crime in the society especially among the youth. women and children in the city and the state.
Jesus said, “This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled” (Matthew 24:34).
This road is dangerous," he added.
It is clear that the MLAs themselves will decide whether to contest from the party or as individuals,” he said.
After the meeting at Dongkiingding, another meeting was held at Mawphanniew in the evening.
Don't ask the public if they don't know how to do it.
“The village authority has decided to stop selling the land after the KSU Mawlai circle leader promised to talk to the Umsarang village authority to resolve this issue”.
He said that in fact, before sending the children to the training centre, the office does not force or intimidate them and invites the parents to explain and after they understand, it leads them. to them if they want.
They improve blood pressure, prevent severe asthma, and maintain body temperature.
Conrad K Sangma said that the festival, entitled “Celebrating Meghalaya”, will also showcase the people of the state through Meghalayans who are skilled in their jobs to develop the state. whole.
“We were forced to sign the Instrument of Accession, and we have not signed the Instrument of Merger (IoM) with the Central Government, which means that we are joining the Indian Government on very different terms,” he said. .
Physics University NEHU, Shillong; and Chief Superintendent of Police Bumper Warjri, Sub Inspector, who won the Excellence Award 2018 for his work in traffic management from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
They were welcomed to the BJP in the presence of Rajya Sabha MP Anil Baluni, NeDA Convenor Himanta Biswa Sarma and Chief Minister of Assam. North East Spokesperson Sambit Patra, BJP National Secretary Rituraj Sinha, BJP State President Ernest Mawrie and other party leaders were also present.
The film will be released on November 21,
God had already warned the Jews – “If you turn away and forsake my statutes and my commandments which I have set before you, and go and serve other nations; and they shall serve other gods, and serve them: and I will uproot them out of my land (the land of Israel) which I have given them" (2 Chronicles 7:19-20).
“On Sunday, the 22nd, at about 3 pm, he received a phone call from his son, who called him to come to the hospital. dead", and in his physical weakness he sent his nephew to the hospital," said the father.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui today said that the government through the MBOSE department has decided to complete the Class XII examination within three days, from the 8th to the 10th. July 2020 for the remaining 4 subjects namely Mathematics, Statistics, Physical Education and Western Music.
In the Arts & Crafts Competition, Dawanmi Tangliang of Thadlaboh Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Jowai won the first prize, Dakiniarba Khonglah of Sohkha Govt Higher Secondary School, Jowai won the third prize and Adelphe Ester Nengnong of Thadlaboh Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Jowai won the third prize.
He said that the department has decided to appoint a search committee to find a new Chairperson of the MSCW. They are government officials and also the principals of colleges like Women's College and Lady Keane College,” he said.
Benfica knew that if they lost, it would be like opening the door for FC Porto but the three goals scored by Goncalo Ramos, Rafa Silva and Alex Grimaldo led Benfica, led by Roger Schmidt, to the title.
The incident occurred after T.2.63 lakh was stolen from a Lamjingshai Secondary School.
The unit is now highly specialized in defense operations.
“If the people don't trust the ethnic parties, we can't do anything, the victory of the party and the candidates depends on the voters,” he said.
If someone is smart enough to think carefully, they will find out why they do this.
The table should address responsible local governance.
In a statement sent by Commander Shangpliang, Publicity Secretary, the Association invites all the alumni of the college to attend the event. that the plan to hold the mini fete on the 21st of June and other activities related to the Association will go smoothly.
To the east it is surrounded by the Surma River which flows from east to west through Jheels (ponds) filled with tens of thousands of fish of various kinds and also feeds the rice fields of various Parganas (Raids) and far away. fifty thousand hectares.
He called on the employees and officers of the council to work together and to remove misunderstandings for the betterment of the council.
The party has held an Executive Committee meeting at its office in Upper New Nongstoiñ on Tuesday.
The arrival of Mim Bahadur Gurung and Atanu Das is part of Atanu's special preparations before he leaves the country for the World Cup. it's longer than chess.
At the same time, the Kur Dhar appeals to the law enforcement agencies from the Police to the State Government to take immediate action against those involved in the killing of the enemy. or the son of the Kur Dhar and to punish them according to the provisions of the law.
“Although you have lost a lot of property, wealth in the fire, thank God that there has been no tragic incident or loss of life”. said Renik.
But even the plants, the animals, and all living things.
The UDP leader said that as a party, they are proud that the party has such leaders who are strong and willing to work for the party.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Meghalaya and Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) and Thma U Rangli-Juki have rejected the Meghalaya Street Vending Act. , 2014 and demanded that the state government should impose the same rules as the central government's law on land dealers.
The incident happened at around 2 pm this morning while the youth was trying to cross the river but the strong water suddenly came and covered him.
The KSU-Laban Circle has sent a petition to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) demanding the deployment of security forces in this area. people who have made this place a desolate waste.
The players selected for this edition are those who have recently represented the state in the Women's U-19 One Day Trophy of the BCCI, and only a few have been rejected.
Ahead of the Assembly elections, the Madhya Pradesh Cabinet has announced that it has already paid Rs 6,000 to the eligible farmers under the Chief Minister's Kisan Kalyan. Yojana for the financial year 2023-2
However, it is time to work together with the villagers and the government authorities to suffer temporarily for the good of the nation in the midst of the crisis.
Shillong: Police followers of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs, including ASBI, K Gobin Singh and LNK/303 Bah Talainbor Syiemiong, today lodged a complaint against the driver of a truck. The vehicle (ML05-M-8336) was an Alto 800 Tourist Taxi.
The PRIME Hub will also provide training on how to market their products.
Up to 93800 people have been infected in the past few years but 92202 people have recovered.
Nongpoh: It is very sad to hear of the plight of the Khasi people and especially from the leaders of the communities in Block-2 on the border of Meghalaya and Assam. They don't want to reveal any activities that have been carried out by the Assam government in the villages in the area.
He said that he has a strong desire to improve in his education with hard work, so that he can improve in life.
The disciples of Jesus faced a great trouble to the point of death, but when they ran to the Lord, the Lord delivered them from that trouble and death.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Lambor Malngiang, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, does not interfere with the working methods of government ministers. in any department it is the absence of ministers.
ISIS has claimed this is the first attack on a Shia mosque in Kuwait and the first attack since July
The Gramin Bank in Khagaria has mistakenly deposited the money into the account of Ranjit Das, of Bakhtiyarpur village, Mansi police station.
Avril during a show last year spoke about Mod saying that from the first time she met him she fell in love.
Similarly, the salary for up to 2 months has not been sanctioned and if only this arear is received, the teachers will have received a lot of help.
Three players of the Green Heart Boxing Club (GHBC) have been selected to represent the state at the 66th National School Games to be held in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh from the 6th to the 9th of this month.
Meanwhile, Prof. Mao said that teachers strongly oppose the establishment of foreign universities as this will create jobs for the education sector in the country.
But in stricter grading schools they struggle to avoid.
“Strengthening the need for inclusion, Ms Ampareen said they want to ensure that the leadership of different political parties will be equal, and to ensure that there will be a common ground. from all communities of the state.
A 9mm pistol, a knife, a laptop and mobile phones were recovered from the house of the former General Secretary of the party.
The end of the tree is covered with nylon which can be replaced at any time.
“I have received the show case notice this evening and I will respond as it is.
If we don't surprise people, we will lose our race one day.
There are prayers that God answers until miracles and wonders happen, but the reason most of the time that prayer doesn't work is not from the heart of man because most of the time man prays that he doesn't pray. God will give you wealth with your mouth, but your heart will not be with you.
The SSLC results which are announced on the 20th of May every year, this year are no longer accurate.
The production of the poem was attended by Apot poem by Raphael Warjri.
In the last group match, Ri Bhoi need to win many runs against EKH to reach the top of Group A through run rate.
“What is more important is that if the owners of houses, land owners and residents of the country violate this Act, they will be punished severely under sections 176 and 177 of the IPC, imprisonment for up to 2 years and other strict provisions.
Police said they had raided the residence of the suspect on Phetchaburi Road, about 170 kilometers (105 miles) southwest of Bangkok. carried with firearms and some carried only shields and protective gear.
U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism, on Tuesday visited the Khyndai Lad (Police Bazaar) area to see the problem and also to turn this place into a police bazaar. as a footpath for the people, no vehicles shall be allowed to pass through it.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today directed the Indian government to provide all the necessary documents for the resumption of coal mining in Meghalaya.
The Office Order has been issued to allow the reuse of fertilizers in some farmland due to the need for agricultural products such as rice, sohsaw, cucumber, phul and other necessary crops. fertilizer.
Under this scheme, the target is to construct 50 roads at a cost of T.3500 crore and about 15000 km will be constructed in the next three years.
He said that the construction of the highest floor of the council has also been completed according to the allocation of funds from the Excluded Areas.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Education Department today met with all the school leaders, including the Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) and others, to discuss the issue of how to reopen educational institutions including schools and colleges in the state.
The Adventist Higher Secondary School, Thadlaskeiñ, West Jaintia Hills, has surprised everyone with the information that a student of the school, Larisa Lamin, has been arrested. The results of which were announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on the morning of 26th June
She is the daughter of the late Bah Roblin Nongkynrih, former MLA and MDC of the constituency.
Grover Carbonic Pvt.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 12 cases and in Umdein, there are 6 cases.
Malngiang's support was welcomed by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
It may be recalled that the HNLC had earlier threatened Bah Robert G Lyngdoh, former Minister of Home Affairs and brother of Ampareen Lyngdoh. as Minister of State for Urban Development.
At the same time, he said that if anyone wants to get information, he should explain to them how to do it, because if you apply for RTI without following the rules laid down by the government, the officers would never answer.
Earlier, the team, which had won twice in the previous two matches, lost in the third match in Telangana by 50-54 points.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A.Sangma, Adviser to the Ministry of Education, Bah HM. Sutnga Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla, Jowai North MDC Brightstar Chyrmang, MUPSTA President Kenneth Shadap and teachers from all over Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills.
He said that this policy of the Congress Party shows that they do not respect the feelings of the people of different religions.
Besides Deborah, there are seven female candidates including Rona Khymdeit, former MDC from Nongpoh, Venetia Pearl Mawlong (South Shillong), Dr Banidashisha Kharkongngor (Nongthymmai), Lakyntiew Sohkhlet. (Sohra), Pynhunlang Nongrum (Mawkynrew), Victorealness Syiemlieh (Ranikor) and Uttora G Sangma (Ampati).
Arrangement of the movement of visitors/devotees All Puja Committees should prepare plans to ensure that there should be no overcrowding in the pandals keeping in mind the following rules:
This expenditure was under the supervision of the Directorate headed by Dr Aman War during his tenure as DHS (MI).
One of the leading leaders who joined the BJP is UDP leader Santosh Marak who also lost the 2013 MLA election from Williamnagar to Deborah Marak of the Congress.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) and the Indian National Congress (INC) have formed a new executive committee within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). .
Other border villages that received rainfall are Saitsama, Khanduli and some villages under Karbi Anglong.
As of noon on Thursday, more than 25 residents have been brought through Guwahati by various aircraft.
According to the price, one challan is worth more than T.16,000 after counting all the expenses but as it is now in WKHD, the sellers of challans have sold too much. It has reached a price of more than 1 lakh each.
Officers who witnessed the event also gave an explanation on various schemes including the Department of Education, Agriculture, Rural Development, Health, Water Supply, Social Welfare, NRLM, Labor Department and others.
On the other hand, Congress candidate Bah Gabriel Wahlang, while speaking to the people through the forum, expressed his regret over the personal influence of the NPP leaders on him by trying to criticize him. and instead of speaking and explaining the grounds of the election campaign, they have been busy spreading his own personality.
However, she said that if the UCC becomes a law, there will always be rules that can exempt the state like the Indian Penal Code where Section 506 does not apply here.
We want to bring the railway line to Shillong,” said Gohain. “We will continue with the construction of the railway line”.
In the welterweight category 63.5-67kg, Rajat defeated Abhishek Yadav of Railways while Akash defeated Abhinab Saikia of Assam (who won the title of Best Challenger Boxer) in the light middleweight category 67-71kg. .
According to sources, the SEC of the Congress in the state has approved Daryl's name for the High Command and if the AICC approves, the ticket will go directly to him.
However, no one talks about these issues that affect our families especially in the villages.
This shows that the JHADC is violating the rights of the people and the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs.
“We feel that the government should investigate into this matter,” said Bah Warjri.
On this day, the school will also have a Christmas celebration along with other programs by the students and residents.
Speaking at the meeting, Ms Robila congratulated the police for their hard work in the district in reducing crime especially in relation to drugs which is the enemy of society.
“We have decided to expedite the election of party office bearers in November 2015 to enable the party to prepare better for the elections in 2018,” said UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh. talk to reporters after the meeting today.
That is the responsibility of church leaders.
On the other hand, the session of the Legislative Assembly will be held on the 15th of November.
Regarding the arrest of the killers of Bah Dismarlin, the Saikia Company has announced in the media that anyone who can tell the killers of Bah Dismarlin, the Company will pay thousand one.
What is needed now is for the Government to expedite the case as soon as possible, without allowing or giving too much time to the police to turn around, lest it end up in the trial.
The BJP, which has been strong in Garo Hills, which has also shown the support of Delhi leaders from Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah and President JP Nadda and others, has not It has won only two seats from Shillong.
On the other hand, the HNLC said the curfew was successful in the entire Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
“We have sent the candidates to sign this soskular to prevent the spread of trees after winning the Council elections.
Therefore, the authorities are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident to find out whether the incident was a coincidence or deliberate.
U Singh said that he is ready to ride in the MDA car immediately, he doesn't lose anything, he gets one of the two seats as he got in
Speaking to media, Hek said that on 18th March he had written to the Union Minister to upgrade NEIGRIHMS to AIIMS.
She also understands that she has to protect the land from being plundered by foreign powers, because she feels that she owns it.
Recently, Muslims in Shillong took to the streets to march in protest against the genocide of Ronghiya Muslims in Myanmar.
Police have seized 63 computers, seals and 43 hard disks and registered them at Laitumkhrah PS. The owner of the call centre, Nicky War, has been arrested.
A total of 44 Awards were presented in this category.
You think I'm just a child with thoughts – yes, yes, mother,” said the tamsneng with a smile.
Earlier on Friday, in an interview with this writer, Ma Shibun confirmed that the candidates will be announced on Saturday. AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai are on the list sent to Delhi, but he said that the final decision on the selection of the candidate is the responsibility of the leaders in Delhi.
District where various assistance has been provided to the farmers.
The Act also stipulates that the daughter of a Nokma, who marries a non-Garo, will no longer share the rights of her father, who is a Nokma.
Nongstoiñ, June 27: After a surveillance and search operation for drug traffickers around Nongstoiñ, the ANTF has arrested Hubert Paliar, resident of Pyndengrei, Nongstoiñ.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Three youths have been killed in an accident which happened at Mawkriah on Tuesday night at 10 pm.
The KSU alleged that these foreigners did not undergo any COVID-19 test in Ratacherra and also escaped the infiltration check gate at Ratacherra.
Fifteen schools have participated in the OM Roy Memorial School, Jaiaw Presbyterian School, Christ Church Morning School, Nongkwar. UP School, Nongkwar Presbyterian School, MLP School, Grace Care Academy, Christ Church Day, Mawlai Presbyterian Secondary School, Christ-tian Academy School, Mayqueen School, St.Denis School, Stephan Memorial School, Umryn-jah School and Nongkwar Secondary School , which has already reached the quarter-finals.
Sacheti is the Special Adviser to the 12th South Asian Games to be held in Shillong and Guwahati in 2016 and is also the Deputy Chief of Mission of India at the 2018 Asian Games.
In such a case, children coming from less privileged backgrounds would be on a terrible warrant.
To help you have a group2
Before use, mix about 1 part of this medicine with 10 parts of water.
Remove those BSF one by one.
At the end of the meeting, Oriland Shylla, General Secretary Chilliangraij Village, Jowai welcomed the guests and the meeting was concluded with the distribution of milk to all the students and teachers.
He said the government will assist the farmers to create ways and means to benefit from this soh.
This woman has a mental illness.
He said that the JHTOA in the past two years has already conducted many protests against the factories and even the MDA government has issued an order which is a notice ( notification) regarding the fare of T.7 per kilometre, but the dewbilat factories have not implemented the order issued by the government.
The Pyneh Rngiew rally was held in accordance with the rules and regulations issued by the authorities, without too many people attending the rally, but the participants were only the office bearers of the State. The Committee of the Elders, members of Lum Sohpetbneng, the leaders of the Seinraij Shillong and Jowai, the leaders of the Circles and branches of the Seng Khasi.
The laws and regulations of the Central Government empower these babus to be the heads of various departments, even though besides them, there is a Minister in charge.
“Many of those who have been evicted have had to leave their homes because they don't have a place to live and sell,” said Bah Hynniewta.
During the programme, the Minister laid the foundation stones for the implementation of 5,350 projects worth more than T.1,000 crore at Dumka in the state.
The country's athlete has also been part of several victories for the team including her participation in the team winning a gold medal at the Women's Asia Cup 2017 and a silver medal at the 2018 in the Women's Asian Champions Trophy.
Ampareen, who went to Delhi, denied that she was going to discuss the leadership or the party but said she was going because she had a program to attend the Labor meeting.
When examining the body of the bird, it was clear that they are the birds that are common in the Ri-War area during the rainy season and that they come from Bangladesh.
The curfew will be from 6 pm to 6 pm.
Furthermore, the union has requested the relevant authorities to inspect these two buildings and to find out how much damage is caused before repairing so that the building will not be damaged.
The UDP has nominated Bah Synsharkupar Lyngdoh Thabah, the brother-in-law of Bah HDR, to contest the election.
This place of worship is open once a month.
They include Larihun Songthiang, daughter of Phirinda Songthiang and Karbinstone Nongrum, a student of Class-VIII, and Saphinia Nongkhlaw, daughter of Estilia Nongkhlaw. Mohun Sohtun, a student of Class -VI. The school congratulated Larihun Songthiang (Winger) and Saphinia Nongkhlaw (Goalkeeper). Meghalaya U-14 Girls will compete in the Sub Junior National Football Championship to be held in Punjab.
Pangñiang said that he has gathered his supporters only from these three polling stations, because he understands that before he can go to other places to ask for support from the people, he has to start shuwa from the house.
“Farooq Saab has been detained at his home by the Ministry of Home Affairs under the PSA and his home has been turned into a prison.
There have been 70,421 new cases of covid-19 in India, the lowest number as of 31st October
He said that once the Housing Act is promulgated, the District Task Force will be the implementer of the Act in which the village authorities will also be involved to ensure that it will be implemented.
On the issue of removing the gate from the site requested by the village, the Deputy Commissioner will set up a team to look into and read the documents and send a related proposal to the government that it should immediately talk to the Ministry of Defence, on this.
The President of the BJP-Meghalaya Pradesh, Bah Ernest Mawrie, on Friday sent a letter to the Union Minister of Education, expressing many of the problems faced by the students if the CUET is implemented. (NEHU) intends to implement CUET for the admission of Under Graduate (UG) students in all its affiliated colleges.
They sleep like children,” said the father.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, condemned those candidates from various parties in Nongpoh, for their insult to Kong Rona Khymdeit, by alleging that a woman cannot do public work. .
Itanagar: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has won 15 seats and 31 seats in the polls in Arunachal Pradesh on Tuesday.
Thiangmon Dkhar son of (L) Blessimai Dkhar and (L) Lomon Chyrmang of Wapung Shnong, Lad Sohkymphor has passed away. He passed away on 17/5/2024 at NEIGRIHMS Hospital after a long illness.
He slammed Dr Mukul Sangma by saying that if he should be awarded for the deterioration of the road, he should have received the Bharat Ratna from other countries for this.
Everyone in the kingdom of God is equal, no race, no race, no race.
In their letter, the two men have criticized the women of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
He said that in the past 10 years, Mawkynrew Block has been considered the most backward but now it has moved forward in many aspects.
The service was conducted by Rev. SC Diengngan, Chairman of the Jubilee Committee.
He also blessed the employees that although they don't have a holiday on this special day, the government should give special recognition to the employees. and that they should have their own group to protect the workers by discussing the issue of laws and that the government should also introduce those welfare schemes for the workers.
On the other hand, the union demands that the government should take action against the violators so that the peace talks can proceed.
In another match, Madankynsaw Mookyndeng beat Pasyih Youth Cultural 2-1 in the second half.
In Shillong, wine stores should be within 50 meters of schools, hospitals or places of worship. Wine stores within 50 meters should be open only from 4 pm onwards. from 8 pm to 8 pm.
Congratulating the owners who have donated to build this house, he said that it is the cooperation that can accomplish the work from the village authorities, elders and others involved.
They said that the reason why Dasakhiatbha Lamare has been criticized is because he has not put his hands on himself or reported on the work he has done for the constituency, but the truth is. He has done very well and in terms of development works, Dasakhiatbha has surpassed all the former leaders of Mawhati in terms of his ability to bring about development works.
“We have come to Bhoi, Dam, Mawphlang, Lyngkien, Sohiong By-Pass, Marpna, Lad Umsaw, but we have not found anything,” said one of the relatives of Phibankyntiew.
Inside, the time will come.
On the same day, JSM also celebrated advance Christmas with these children.
Of course, it cannot be said that there are those who marry non-relatives – Shnong and Dohiong, even if it is banned, but nothing can be done – ei when it comes to love, so it has to follow. Even if he lives inside his village, there is no objection, but it belongs to him, not to her. Lok (Companion).
“The UDP, HSPDP and PDF have promised to resolve the shortcomings in the MoU signed by the two Prime Ministers while the NPP which leads the government has admitted that the MoU is not “We want to ask whether when it comes to such issues they will stick to the NPP or the promises of other ethnic parties,” he said.
The micro containment of these houses in the area is to prevent the spread of the virus to others and also so that the health officials can take the necessary action. such as contact tracing and to monitor the health of others who have close contact with those who have the virus.
Although there are many who support me whether it is from my relatives, friends and others, but there are also those who want to destroy it.
Police investigating the incident suspect that it was a suicide attempt, NBC News said.
Shillong: The Minister of Electricity, James K Sangma, today expressed the hope that under the leadership of Rebecca V Suchiang, as Chairman cum Managing Director, the government will be able to improve the performance and increase the quality of electricity. Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that Rebecca V Suchiang is an IAS officer, who has been well experienced in her job and has a better knowledge of the MeECL. these issues because she has served for a long time in the plapisa department of the state government.
On the other hand, the Head of Government said that in fact the government had issued such an order in 2012 but the meat vendors did not comply with the government's order.
The Block Development Officer of Namdong C&RD Block, Ma Heimonmi Niang, who was the chief guest at the meeting, laid the foundation stone for the construction of the house. Bah Grevile Kharlukhi, Asst.General Manager, NABARD, as the Chief Guest.
“I am still waiting for the report on the investigation,” she said.
The government has stepped up security in Shillong especially in those places where special bridges have been built for this annual festival.
We know that it is easy to cut down, but it is difficult to plant and get back such a tree,” said Yogesh.
The President of the Meghalaya Tourist Taxi Association, Bah Recaldinus Dohling, said that the members of the association will not go to earn money from Guwahati as they usually go to earn money.
When I was on the committee, no one contested from the Congress except the BJP,” he said.
Four of these prisoners died from the disease.
He said that the relevant government departments have been directed to take the necessary action in this regard such as visiting the areas that are suitable and not suitable for mining.
Speaking in Agartala, Biplab said, “Indian women did not wear colors in ancient times.
Referring to Dr. Mukul Sangma, the MPCC President said that Dr Mukul Sangma is only one of the leaders in the party. Bah Pala, but he won through his hard work, or Bah Charles and others as well.
The victory of Bernard Marak, Vice President of the BJP from Tura constituency, which is also the constituency of Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister and top leader of the NPP. The UDP has not won at all, not even one MDC.
The athletes selected for the tournament are Ajima A Sangma, Daika Emigale Warjri, Debasmita Dutta, Deimaphishisha Lamare, Deiphibapynshngain L Mawnai, Eiffelene K Nongkynrih, Luiza Tamang, Rebeldalis Syiemlieh, Riticia Nongbet, Rubi Chet. Sanchisa Sangma, Sandria K Momin, Solina Jaba, Suruti K Ray, Monica L Phawa, Pinky Chanda, Neha Hajong, Evanrilin S Syiem, Sara Ananias Kharbani, Fulnessy Mawlong including Latika Kumari (head coach), Hemant Roy (assistant coach) ), Darishesha Mawroh (trainer), Marybalahun Sawkmie (physio), Mackie D Blah (manager).
The match ended without a goal being scored and the winner was decided after the match was taken to extra time.
He is the son of Lt. Drose Myrsing and the son-in-law of Lt. Martina Myrsing and Lt. Jewan John Matlang.
The union had to run an ad-hoc panel for the men's physical education programs in Rohtak and for women in Patiala.
The Addl.Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah B.Jyrwa, in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, said that on the 16th of this month, the police have arrested Two women, Hohoi Lhanghal, 35 years old and Ling Haokip, 40 years old, were leaving Silchar for Khliehriat. they carry illegal goods.
Mawkyrwat, November 14: The MLA of Mawkyrwat and Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, has prepared to celebrate the birthday of the district. and MLA MM Danggo have met with the District Administration on Tuesday to discuss the programs related to the birthday of the District.
Ibobi said the new hostels will provide accommodation to the athletes of the state who compete in various sports and will receive full training for two years under the supervision. of foreign teachers.
Only 20 years after the end of the 1914-18 war, the Second World War broke out in 1939-4
There were six groups playing to extinguish the fire and the fire was brighter because the house was made of ancient wood.
Shillong: On 5th July 2020, Dadenngre Police Station received a tip that three persons have been abducted by unidentified persons. The Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, has rescued these suspects on the night of 7th November 2020 from a dense forest in Magalpara-Kantanagre. involved in this kidnapping.
Garley Lamin Gassah, resident of Mynthong, Jowai, husband of Nancy Sumer, father of Eacymin Sumer, Bantei, has passed away. Sumer, Ridiamki Sumer, Hunbit Sumer passed away on 29/6/2
He said that he is still applying for ticket from the PDF but the decision will be taken by the party.
“However, we are not satisfied that the residents have received adequate treatment because our wish is that all the residents should not face any problems.
“Since ancient times, everyone knows that the Dorbar Shnongs have a responsibility in terms of Khadar administration, therefore the Government of India through the State Government should recognize them as Traditional Heads within the in India,” said Bah RL Blah.
but it's still open at 10.50 am.
There shall be no soldiers or police there, for there shall be no wickedness, nothing unclean, nothing dark, nothing unclean, nothing false shall enter or enter into that land, but only those who whose names are written in the Lamb's book of life. Revelation 21:2
He added that the police are quick to release the names of the two arrested members of the party although they are still suspects and not confirmed guilty or convicted.
Many young people today are quick to commit suicide because they cannot cope with the problems in their lives.
From the population to the knowledge in science and technology, it can be said that it has surpassed other countries.
On the other hand, Samla Mandor Diengdoh Swer, said that as of now, the Government has focused only on the festivals and ignored the problems of the students in the state.
Singh said that democracy in the North East has been severely weakened by the conversion of the people to Christianity.
Many of them have taken the road to work for days to build houses, roads and so on.
Several youths of War Jaintia area under Amlarem Sub-division have come to an understanding and decided to form an organization for the development of the country. miat inside the area.
Dhana SC and Sutnga SSCC continued to win the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (EJHDFA) at Diengshynrum Plastic Ground.
On the other hand, the union has met and written to the SDO of PWD Mawshynrut, to demand the cleaning of the road, as the union does not want the torti of this road which is necessary for the people. public.
Mynsngat Khanduli MDC Ma Dawan Lyngdoh expects that the UDP party, which has contested candidates in all the constituencies in Jaintia Hills, will set a record once again as it has prepared.
However, hundreds and thousands of vehicles have been allowed to come from Assam to transport cement/clinker and other items from East Jaintia Hills District. only that coal that comes here cannot protect us completely.
Bobby said the team will fight hard to score three points and reduce the point gap with the Top 4 teams in the table.
This website will also provide answers to any questions from the public.
Through this goal, Nangkeiw Irat continued to press into the end of Mawlai and managed to score several attempts.
According to the government records, in 2000-01, there were 14 cases, in 2001-02 there were 10 cases, in 2002-03 there were 6 cases, in 2003-04 there were 9 cases, in 2004-05 there were 11 cases. In 2005-06 there were 12 students, in 2006-07 there were 13 students, in 2007-08 there were 16 students, in 2008-09 there were 24 students and in 2009-1
The development of education is one of the ways in which the people have a strong intellectual capacity to avoid any misguidance by anyone but to have a strong decision for themselves. It is a strong decision power, otherwise all the objectives of education will be in vain.
Two goals were scored by Ibalari Nongrum in the 20th minute and Iaraplang Nongrum in the 43rd minute. minutes with Ridalin Shooting.
The Congress has announced that the project will be launched in February
Badap Pura Nongkhlaw tied for 3 runs from 8 balls.
The Pentecostal Church in Tongseng, Nongkhlieh District, East Jaintia Hills has been destroyed by the residents of Tongseng village after the village did not receive the NOC to build the church.
However, the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah are quick to be silent and to claim that the Government cannot accept the allegations without evidence.
The leaders of the Union, felt that if all these Kitkhia vehicles pass through the bridge in Umiam, it will cause serious damage, as it is a very old bridge and can cause damage. , from the non-stop movement of vehicles, while all the vehicles have to pass through this bridge which has been in service for 50 years.
Conrad said the Government has planned to implement many projects with the participation of many departments from the Forest Department, PWD, MeECL, and other departments for the joint use of the their place.
On former Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma's statement that the police are trying to work for the political leaders in power, Prestone asked whether Dr Mukul meant that “We are not here to protect ourselves but to protect the people of the state," he said.
Speech was delivered by DD Syngai and the NVD Pledge was led by PK Boro. stronger Democracy’.
The President of the JSU, Samla Lawyerson War, said that the commemoration of the 157th death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah will also be a wake-up call to the people of the country. to protect the country especially at this time when the nation is being persecuted by the Government of India by thirty types of laws to violate the right to ownership in its own country.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 52 cases including 10 high risk cases, 4 ILI cases, 3 foreigners, 2 cases from Armed Forces, 2 cases from Police, 3 cases from Happy Valley. cluster, 1 case from Keating road cluster 2 cases from Lapalang cluster, 1 case from Mawkhar cluster, 1 case from Mawlai Kynton Massar cluster, 1 case from Mawlai Nongkwar cluster, 11 cases from Mawlai Umthlong cluster, 1 case from Nongmensong cluster, 2 cases from Nongrim 3 cluster One case from Nongthymmai Cluster, one case from Pynthor Cluster and three cases from Rilbong Cluster.
In West Garo Hills, there are 518,390 including 282,865 Christians, 41,783 traditional religions, 111,528 Hindus, 78,973 Muslims, 252 Sikhs, 1,430 Buddhists, 84 Jains and 1,475 non-religious.
Mawkyrwat, Ïaïong, 18: It is a great loss to the villages, districts, states and the country as a whole because the lack of adequate roads has caused many delays in the roads. the influx of people who live in tourism both in urban areas and especially in rural areas where there are still many tourist attractions.
Ahmed was a cabinet minister during the Khaleda Zia government in 2001-06 and was arrested on 1 June 2015 from Golflink.
They made the khoi from the kba and made it like this.
“Rahul Gandhi will go only to women's colleges and will go to the east to teach girls to kneel.
Speaking to media, Kong Sayantis Sakra, Leader of the Seng Longkmie of Mawknor Village, said that she would like to extend her special greetings from the Rangbah Shnong, Village Leaders, Elders and Youth. Kong Beti Jyrwa who took part in the construction of the transformer and it is through their participation that the transformer has been constructed to protect the safety of children and especially the animals inside. this village.
The two doctors were taken to the court at 10:00 am this morning and the court has authorized the police to investigate for three days.
In November 2020, the MDA government convened a special session and the entire House passed a resolution to demand from the Central Government to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state. Meghalaya and now remains with the Central Government.
MS Rao, Principal Secretary, Labor Department, was also present on the occasion.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government is preparing new initiatives to provide financial support to youth organizations for various activities.
If the Nongkhyllem Forest is destroyed, the entire Ri Bhoi region will be destroyed.
The man fell into the well after the skhen who was trying to climb and descend into the well counted.
The book on the life, career and public service of Bah EK Mawlong, both in the constituency and in the state as a whole, was launched by the elders of Umroi Constituency, In the presence of family members, elders, Bah George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, Bah Andrew Lyngdoh, Editor of Nongsain Hima Newspaper, who are the sons of Bah EK Mawlong.
Most of them come from Assam...Bhoi also has a few,” he said.
From what appears now, the new allegation refers directly to the Executive Committee of Bah Teinwell and at the same time, it also refers to Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Executive Member. If so, the new EC and the Speaker of the KHADC should immediately lodge a complaint with the Lumdiengjri Police Station, which is nearest to them. part for them to dig and find the file thieves and then the money thieves.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the UDP Ranikor Circle, Bah GG Bung Snaitang, said that the deadline for submission of applications will be 10th November
Mawsynram Branch is located in Mawsynram Village.
“The best example that these youngsters have given is that if you don't want foreigners to come here in Khasi Jaintia, we have to work ourselves,” he said. Alan West Kharkongor before the ceremony.
Indeed, indeed, Rev. Thomas Jones, as an obedient servant of God, came to Khasiland, not only to preach the salvation of the soul but also to die as a Freedom Fighter. which tried to liberate the Khasi from the rule of foreigners.
Shillong, July 06 : Pynsngew Mynsong from Syniasya and Shembhalin Mynsong from Jongksha have won the title of Miss and Mrs Mawkynrew 2023 organized by the Dorbar Shnong Laitlum held at Laitlum Grand Canyon today. on Thursday.
The celebration of World Menstrual Hygiene Day is part of the efforts to encourage women not to come forward to discuss their health from children, youth and women.
Besides, the Nepalis who have smuggled into the area have received full protection from the Assam police in Langpih and Mawsikar. They didn't want to arrest and even summon them to appear inside the camp.
However, as the days go by, the wind of the PDF has become stronger and many MDCs have left the party.
Swarajeet Das scored 2/38 in 13 overs while Aryan Borah scored 1/82 in 21 overs.
“This is a fierce battle but it threatens our heritage especially ours and the future generations.
Meanwhile, Bah Peter J Lawai, the first President of the HYC, who swore in the new office bearers, urged the leaders not to order the members or others to do as they say. but they must start and do it themselves first.
The awards were presented by Bah Sraly Rashir Sordar Shnong of New Nongstoiñ who was invited as the chief guest.
It is important to know that the Lok Sabha elections are different from other elections in the state. It is important to understand that if we come to vote, it is as if we are exercising our rights and duties as a full citizen of this great country and the state of Meghalaya.
There will also be a competition in Japanese games, Judokan, a screening of a Japanese film and a performance of Japanese drumming.
Sanbor said other states in the North East ruled by the BJP have received Medical Colleges, Engineering Colleges and other colleges, roads and economic development. Speaking on the statement of the BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek against the working methods of the government, Bah Sanbor said, “I can't To understand why Bah Hek has done this, although he is a good worker, when Bah Hek was a Minister of State, you will see that if there is anything, he will listen. the public should not understand.
It is time to say goodbye to such a belief in more than one God.
Lajong will play against Ambernath United on 16th June at the Cooperage Stadium in Mumbai. FC Bengaluru United will play against FC Bengaluru United on 21st January at the SSA Polo Stadium.
Allow me once, you will see the change in Mawlai to become one of the Model Constituencies,” he said.
She is indeed the daughter of Maheh, besides the beauty and the only child,” said the father.
Your rise is also increasing.
The meeting was part of the protest against the government's decision to build a Barik Shopping Mall near the PWD office in Barik. Say no to Barik Mall'
In Ri-Bhoi, he said that a company known as Seven City Developer Pvt Ltd. has also been banned.
On October 1, 2024, the anniversary of the group, the US said it relies on India's wise leadership to continue to develop and strengthen the group. expand all the activities through this group which is going on as it is at this time.
The District Award for Secondary Level was awarded to Kong Jeane Bita Manners, B.Sc.
Block-I is one of the seven border areas which are still in dispute and which should be discussed between the two states in the second phase.
Lajong have played poorly in the I-League and have suffered a long defeat since the start of the tournament.
Shillong: A lightning strike has struck the house of former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma at 3:30 pm this afternoon.
Jowai, March 10: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, U Sniawbhalang Dhar today encouraged the filmmakers of the state by visiting the Pnar film JOHKHE.COM at JOHKHE.COM. Bijou Cinema, Shillong.
The Marwari community in Shillong has expressed its strong opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) and demanded that the CM should immediately implement the ILP within the border of Meghalaya. other.
The two militants were involved in an attack on Indian troops on 26/11 on the highway near Samruli, about 10 km from Udhampur, in which two soldiers were killed and one and he fell down dead in the battle.
He said that the MOTHER App recently saved the life of a woman who had refused to give birth at the maternity hospital.
Laitumkhrah-Malki MDC Bah Fantin Joseph Lakadong was the chief guest on the opening ceremony and gave special thanks to the organizers and participants who have organized and organized this tournament.
Therefore, the family members and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to immediately collect the body from the morgue of the hospital within three days before handing it over to the hospital. The Shillong Municipal Board should take the necessary action.
In the interview, she said that at 10 pm on the 14th, the khar tyrwa tiar came to her house like a robber. are equivalent.
There is a proverb in foreign language about a thring that throws its head into the ground, which shows that it is foolish to think that the world will remain dark when we hide from the truth ... We cannot have such a thing. mood.
She accused the doctors of illegally performing such operations on minor children who did not know what was happening, and added that the doctors have taken advantage of these children and their poor backgrounds in the name of the Orphanage.
Shillong: On Saturday, 24th November, 2018, a meeting of the Alumni of St Anthony's College, Laitumkhrah, Shillong will be held from 3:00 pm onwards. -day at the College.
Donald V.Thabah,General Secretary,Khasi Students’ Union.
Nongpoh, Nailur 22: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Organization (HITO) has strongly criticized the MDA government, especially the two brothers Conrad Sangma and James Sangma.
This road is located on the India-Bangladesh border and is the main road for many villages from Amlarem, Muktapur, Dawki, Kharkhana and others in West Jaintia Hills and to Borkhat, Natbor to Ladrymbai. sha East Jaintia Hills District.
, to request the Secretary to verify the documents from the Land Holding Certificate/Non-Encumbrance Certificate/NOC and Valuation Certificate submitted to the bank by these three persons.
He said they have sought information from the Minister of PWD and later they will learn that the scheme has been canceled on the orders of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
? Your son is lying.
Mawryngkneng Mission opened the scoring in the 12th minute through Ledrik War, but Sikai FC turned the tide in the 65th minute through Guiding Suna.
The question is – Why does the Government of India suddenly remove us from the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873 on December 11, 2019 on the same day that the Citizenship Amendment Bill was passed in the Raja Sabha? , after being passed in the Lok Sabha on December 10, 2019 and signed by the President of India on December 12, 2019, the CAB became an Act, that is, the CITIZENSHIP Act. Amendment Act, 2019 and on the same day that the State of Manipur was newly incorporated into the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873, and deleted the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills and apparently the Garo Hills. “If the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, had listened to the people who demanded ILP in 2013, or if the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, had listened to the people, Our request from the KHADC after we passed the Council to implement the ILP (Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873) in October 2018 within the territory of the KHADC, but Conrad K. Sangma in his speech through The Northeast News said that the ILP is a 100 years old law.
The disease has killed 663 people in different parts of the country, bringing the total number of cases to 10,0
It is urgent to resolve this issue because if the strike continues, the people will face problems of illness.
When there is a Right to Equality Act or when we have the same rights as citizens of the state or country, why should we continue to violate this right to equality? If they too face the same problem that we the people are facing maybe they will understand how difficult and painful it is to traffic and maybe they will have to spend money quickly and implement it does not work quickly for improvement, development and improvement.
The special recognition of the Khasi people is based on the custom of shim jait shim khong and if it is wrong, the kur dorbars will collapse, the kha dorbars will stand, and then the blood will rise,” said Kong Badariti.
Therefore, the investigation in the media should not have any involvement in the decision of cases, said the CJI. not to interfere with the work of various government departments.
Shillong, July 18: Marbarisha MPdah, 44, Shillong, has been able to compete in the Meghalaya Games 2024 with enthusiasm and joy. Toïaibha M.Pdah, 24, will compete in the Senior Women's Category in the 10 meter and 50 meter Rifle events and the 10 meter and 25 meter Pistol events. event.
Then she wants to build a ring dam, build a road around, go to Malangkona area recently to capture the valley, because it is too hot in the north and so on in the Rani Jirang area and around these areas. regions.
“This proposal to hold a public hearing in Khliehriat instead of Brishyrnot where the park is located has made us suspect that there is something wrong,” he added.
Even in India, rynsun is still rare.
Shillong, July 20: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has submitted a budget of T.201,59,30,220 crore for the purpose of implementation of the project. to 2017–2018.
It is this committee that will collect samples of the drinking water for examination from time to time to determine whether it is safe for the public to drink.
Shillong, October 18: “I don't like Ma Vincent,” said another candidate for MP from Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency.
Research Fellow, Meghalaya Climate Change, Shillong presented the paper 'Go green' and Dr. Bingiala Laloo, Asstt.
In fact, there were a number of suspects involved in the crime, including a woman, but they fled the scene after being caught by the Excise Police.
The Trinamool Congress will contest in all 60 constituencies in the state.
The Womens League, one of the biggest tournaments in the women's category, will continue tomorrow.
