Speaking to media recently, Bah Kyrmen said that the voters of the constituency should exercise their right to elect their leaders with freedom and not with fear. that they may fulfill their civic duty to any candidate of their choice without coercion.
The Chief Guest, Sngiawbhalang Dhar, resident of Nongmesong, was the chief guest and PS Singh, Second in Command of BSF Mawpat, was the chief guest.
Nongpoh: Following the shooting death of a youth from Umeit village on the Umiam Bridge (Fly Over) which has shocked many people, HITO Ri-Bhoi District together with the Seng Longkmie of the village Pyllun and police yesterday, went to clean up the garbage on the bridge and issued a warning to the public not to sit in the area from 6 pm.
He forcibly turned Umthe into a village by giving a syrnot to a foreigner who is not the owner of the land, a Nepali, because only Dkhar Nepalis live in Umthe and no Khasi live in this area because it is a forest village. Sookilo (4kilo) was also forcibly turned into a village without inhabitants.
The Ministry has also directed the State Government to implement the Mission in all Districts.
The most important struggle is to eat to strengthen the body and not to interrupt the treatment, but every time you eat every time you pray and everything you eat comes out because of the chemo.
The ruling Mizo National Front (MNF) has won nine seats in one constituency.
This will encourage the rural villages to develop them and if successful they will implement them.
Police have also arrested four members of the group from Ri Bhoi, Damanbha Ripnar alias Shall Lapang, Robinis Ripnar, Jill Tariang and Shining Nongrum.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Mawdatbaki Unit on the first day of the dam closure has taken part in the completion of sodium treatment in three villages, Pdengshnong, Mawapkhaw and Nongpathaw.
In the last match between the two teams, Ryntih won 3-1 on July
They are Bah JD Rymbai, MLA Jirang who is also the former Chief Minister of the state.
We as the people must understand clearly and vigilantly if we want to get them before they become MLAs and if they win they will lose 4 years and they will come back in the 5th year to bring money again for one. There is no time to come, and all this is up to the people to decide.
From childhood, you never know how food is obtained! These are the mechanisms by which rice, soh and others can be produced.
This was announced on the 17th of June, which means that Irene will now start preparing for the Miss Universe pageant, which includes preparation for the interview, training and others. .
The Prime Minister said that the government now earns more from coal, from the sale of coal, from revenue and also from GST because the government has acted in accordance with the rules and regulations. He said that there are also civil society organizations that are involved in this.
He also acknowledged that Meghalaya and the North East as a whole have changed since Nenrendra Modi assumed office as the Prime Minister of India.
The chief guest, Bah FR Kharkongor, announced the literature that was written from the mind and heart of the poet Soso Tham in those years when the society was still in the shadows. the foreign rule and the beginning of the development of Khasi literature.
He also informed about the number of polling stations in the five constituencies, Mawhati (ST) AC with 67 PS, Nongpoh ST AC with 68 PS, Jirang with 68 PS, Jirang with ST) AC has 77 PS, Umsning (ST) AC has 66 PS and Umroi (ST) AC has 55 PS. the constituency of Ribhoi.
Teams who wish to take part in this cricket tournament can come with an entry fee of 1,000 tyngka per team.
There should also be a discussion on corruption as the Meghalaya High Court from time to time has strongly condemned the illegal mining and transportation of coal.
Jowai, Jymmang 25 : The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today issued an order under Section 144 CrPC to apply in all parts of the West Jaintia Hills District. Jaintia Hills District.
Two of the employees and the woman who came to buy goods were injured,” said the son of the owner of the shop who witnessed the incident.
Fortunately, no casualties were reported, but only injuries were reported, and the injured were taken to hospital. They were immediately taken to Shillong Hospital for proper treatment.
At this meeting, the District Administration has fixed a date on the 6th of April to conduct an inspection during the peak hours of traffic in parts of Jowai, in order to check the traffic jam. vehicle that cannot be caused by the presence of these speed breakers.
Sarma, who is in New Delhi, said the UCC should work to protect the rights of Muslim women.
Abel Shylla, husband of (L) Willbenew Plain and father of Comfort Plain, Violin Plain, Risuk Plain, Judy Plain, Kahipaya Plain, Isabella Plain and Bibiancy Plain passed away on February 17th,
In October 2001, the United States set up a unit known as Operation Green Quest and discovered that there was widespread corruption.
In the first leg of the match between Sohmynting and Ladthadlaboh, Ladthadlaboh beat Ladthadlaboh 7-1 goals. Nitejan Pala scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh in the 10th minute. Simeon Suchiang scored three goals in the 48th, 55th and 70th minutes and Dowell John Shylla scored 3 goals in the 49th, 62nd and 90th minutes.
The dancers in this song are Erisha, Cabie and Badon Ryntong.
Shillong: A youth from Pyrkan village near Shella, East Khasi Hills, was seriously injured when Bangladeshi robbers attacked him at 2 pm today. he was wounded in the head, and in the body.
This situation has severely affected the livelihood of the residents of the state.
Poor women are requested to take advantage of this opportunity and those who apply first will be given priority. 226 new cases of COVID-19, 3 deaths The death toll has risen to 1359 in the state on Monday.
Throughout the day, the Air Force of the country demonstrated its skills by drawing pictures in the bright and beautiful sky of Umiam Lake with Cheetah Helicopters, SU-30 MKI Rafale and Hawks. Many of the people were shocked especially by the drawing of the heart in the sky as a celebration of the Women's Day which was also attended by many people with the Indian Air Force.
The seminar was sponsored by the Indian Council of Social Science Research (NERC). Researchers including Prof Sambit Mallick, IIT Guwahati, Prof Rana Pratap Singh, School of Environmental Sciences, Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University and Dr Sabrina Iqbal Sircar, Professional College, Guwahati, and others.
Condemning the allegation, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that she has informed the law enforcement authorities about the Principal's actions.
On the other hand, the Minister of Sports urged and encouraged the sportsmen of the state to work harder to improve their talents, not only to play for entertainment but also to take This is the way to grow and rise.
Since its inception, TJSME has produced many young men and women who have worked as Mission Workers across the churches of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Regarding the awarding ceremony, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, urged the people to come out in order on this day, as Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State and other officials from the The Eri Silk Department will visit the area to announce that the area will be known as a producer of Ryndia insects and cloth, which will bring great fame to the area.
Shillong: The Deputy CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem on Thursday launched the theme song of the Monolith Festival and the Media Campaign Vehicle. in the District Council.
The Arunachal Pradesh Youth Congress (APYC) leaders in the past few days have expressed their strong opposition and condemnation to the state government for arresting 35 people and detaining them under the provisions of the Arunachal Pradesh Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (APUAA).
In my opinion, only if we give up the jaid ka khong and the inheritance to the father (Shynrang), I believe we can eradicate these terrible diseases from our Khasi Khara society.
Secy of the unit and members of the unit.
At the same time, he said that although he has brought many development projects as a leader in the last five years for the constituency, he said that he is still disappointed that they have not yet received a government college. The residents want to improve the health facilities and also to complete the pending roads.
Many households are forbidden to drink water after meals, before or during meals.
The total number of beneficiaries or trainees of this program has reached 100 from Jaintia Hills.
In total, the government has spent more than Rs 28 crore this year.
Therefore, the public has to use BSNL and if they have any urgent problems such as if they have any problems, they have to inform the 108 vehicle.
Suspected militants abducted Kumar from Garobodha while he was on his way to Amapti.
Criticizing the Congress, he said that the party now not only has no MLAs, but also a household that has broken down.
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today signed a memorandum of understanding with Reliance General Insurance Company Ltd. to implement the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme IV (MHIS-IV) in the state. state.
According to the Congress MLA, Bah Lapang has left for Delhi today and will return soon with the results of the interview between AICC Chairman Mukul Wasnik and CP Joshi visited the party leaders in the state.
Bah Shylla said he has decided to return to politics on these issues which affect the people and the nation.
However, as a sign of his support for this good cause of the Hospital, the Minister has donated Rs 20 lakh through the CM Development Fund.
This is also a poor family who has been given financial assistance by the village.
Like the mining of uranium, the coal smoke affects first of all those who burn and those who live and work there.
The HYC Ri Bhoi District has met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and Chairman of the DSC, Arpit Upadhyaya. Khun Samla on the delay in announcing the results of the DSC in Ri Bhoi.
She said that the Minister has directed the ASHAs to submit the detailed information of the ASHAs across the state so that they can register for inclusion in the MHIS. ASHAs (except relatives) don't have to pay even a penny if they stay in hospital,” she said. MAWU leaders also sought clarification from the Minister of Health regarding the unfounded dismissal. “In this regard, we have tried to pass a law, but the Minister has said that she will issue a new Guideline which will be sent to all the Deputy Commissioners and Rangbah Shnongs. ," she said.
The suspect was arrested on 18th November, said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang.
Why does this happen without God's knowledge about such a time? No.
According to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma after the meeting, the Ordinance will now be submitted to the Legislative Assembly for approval.
They also said that the Shylla Shipara SHG is looking forward to how to preserve the siej and thri trees to plant them because in these Tynnai areas they are very scarce.
The next hearing on the case will be held on July 10,
Shillong: According to the Khasi legend, in the past, when the whole world was still in its infancy, people did not live exactly in one place and moved from one place to another. From one place to another, in search of food and drink, while the storm was still raging, there was a man who was half as tall as the sky, who was very tall, whose hands and feet were strong and strong.
The Minangkabau people in Indonesia are descended from their mother and still practice this custom even though they have converted to Islam.
Thei has got a job, Kynsai will soon and you will have to think about your job or go for training first.
She said that it is the duty of the leaders to ensure that not only the people have the opportunity to go for treatment in government hospitals, but they should also get adequate treatment, from the treatment of doctors. , the availability of medicines, accommodation to which patients are entitled.
Even during the five-year rule of Dr Mukul Sangma, thousands of allegations have been made against the Government.
Shillong: The BJP has accused the Congress of not passing the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 in the Rajya Sabha.
After the closure of the factory, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang President of the CoRP, said that the illegal operation of such a factory, poses a threat to the people and at the same time, he said that The union is surprised how the district authorities do not know anything about the illegal activity committed by the factory and if any tragic incident occurs, who is responsible.
You are not allowed to sit in your own vehicles on public roads to avoid being accused of encouraging crime.
Conrad said that as a party, it is a great achievement for them as it is the only political party in the North East to get the National Party status even after seven years. I'm sorry.
The officer of the Food and Safety Department said that in fact the minerals and ash content of the Pigrow Tablet should be only between 9%. 42.8% ash while Tribio Flex has 55.2% ash which is three times the normal range of 10%. The percentage of minerals and ash was very high.
“It's a land agent's job,” he said and laughed. “That's enough, but you have to know,” she said. "It's like that, if you're lucky," said Hiram.
There were also various 'Jan Bhagidari' programs such as sharing of experiences of Central Government schemes under Mere Kahani Meri Zubani, full implementation of schemes like Ayushman Bharat, Jal Jeevan Mission, Jan Dhan Yojana, PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana, ODF Plus status, demonstration of the use of drones in agriculture, health camps and others.
Balawan L.Marwein, Sports Secretary, RBYF was the chief guest, in the presence of other RBYF officials including Devan Warjri, Wanpher S Wahlang, PP Kylla. , Gershom Lymphouid and the elders of the area.
It was made clear that the people of the North East are not happy with this.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: A heavy rainfall has struck Jowai on Tuesday night.
for thou knewest not the time of thy visitation.
The Waheh Shnong Priang was present on the occasion and the day was enriched by traditional dances and a short drama by the members of VO Priang.
He also expressed his dissatisfaction with the shouting of the VPP supporters even in churches, instead of saying to God, they say to Prah.
Other speakers included Ma C. Pohshna, Village Secretary, Wompher Wann, Nabait Ymbon, President FKJGP West Jaintia Hills and others.
As of 5 pm on Tuesday, 7,527 Zo/Mizo Manipuris have entered the border. distribution and shelter in various villages in 8 districts of Mizoram.
The Assam government has been directed to set up a committee under the supervision of the Chief Secretary to cooperate with various investigation teams and to have rooms to receive information and explain the issues. There are no complaints, according to the news.
During the MP election of (L) Rev.PBM Basaïawmoit, there were many rumors that people who hold the rank of Pastor (Reverence) are not allowed to participate in the service. public (politics).
You say what you don't know, you have to apologize to the media and explain your allegations so that the nation will not misunderstand,” said Bah Seibor.
N.Hahshah, Panel Lawyer, DLSA, Mawkyrwat, said that until today, there are no proper laws regarding the use of tobacco. except for the restrictions that users must strictly observe.
When asked why she did not object when the issue was brought up in the Cabinet meeting, Dr Ampareen said that the Governor does not know how to speak other languages ​​besides Hindi. which they did not think of discussing during the Cabinet meeting.
“I have seen this in the media, I have sent officers to gather information on the incident and have ordered them to prepare for the operation of the four vehicles,” said Bah Hamlet.
The price of these vehicles ranges from Rs 4 lakh to Rs 25 lakh.
According to a statement from the Chief Electoral Officer, Bah FR Kharkongor, these four candidates include three candidates from East Jaintia Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills.
It is learned that this earthquake has fallen during these days of heavy rainfall but it was under the power of no one walking or standing, no incident occurred.
The investigation is ongoing, the police chief said.
Political parties have their own election manifestos which they have released publicly.
At present, he said, the spread of garbage around the areas such as Thomas Jones Road has increased and this can also affect the drinking water supply and environmental pollution.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the farmers who have cultivated in the area, said that the area has been cultivated by the people of many villages. This includes the villages of Kdohati, Ingsaw, Sohphoh, Umlatara, Tyrso, Umtngam, Birsiej and others.
“Why should there be a political party that treats the youth and elderly in a country where the boys are happy,” she said, criticizing the BJP's election promise. She questioned how the BJP will implement these schemes for girls from KG to PG.
However, the BJP has been criticized by the Shiv Sena, which belongs to Uddhav Thackeray, and has criticized the BJP's double standards in Meghalaya and other parts of India.
R.Kharsyntriew, one of the synsar traders from West Khasi Hills, said that in the past, when the government did not recognize synsar as an agricultural commodity, when he went to sell synsar in Shillong, even if it increases a little, it doesn't increase.
There was also a special honor for one of the 102 years old Meirad Klin Kharbuli from Laitlyngkot.
In the second semifinal, HK Singh beat RC Evening Sec School 4-3 in the tie breaker.
Deinkhlam was brought to Jowai from different villages including Panaliar, Dulong, Loomkyrwiang, Loomkjam, Iongpiah and Tpeppale.
The Sordar said that during today's visit, the Magistrates and other government officials found that there are up to seven water wells.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : The High Court (HC) has directed the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the State Pollution Control Board (KHADC) to inspect the Umiam River. They should not pollute the river.
He said that they have inherited licenses from their fathers who have died for 20 years but they have been running their business without renewing them at the KHADC. He said that the driver of the vehicle should not wait for the DTO to come and ask him if he has a license. you must provide it before you are arrested.
Seize : to seize, to seize, to seize, to seize, to seize, to seize, to seize, to seize, to seize from the public; knieh is not to take jynthet from others.
In this age, the family and the children have no power.
In the First Division, Nongstoiñ FT beat Nongkhlaw 2-1 to win the tournament.
If my explanation ends like this, I believe you are not satisfied.
Shillong Lajong FC's players were Guidle Syiemlieh, Iohborlang Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, Abhay Chhetri, Figo Syndai (substituted for Baby Sunday Marngar in the 46th minute); Hamedamanbha Wahlang (substituted for Ronald Kydon Lyngdoh Nonglait in the 25th minute), Amon Lepcha (substituted for Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah in the 81st minute), Tyngkan (substituted for Sambor Oneel Kharsahnoh in the 45th minute), and Ronney Wilson Kharbuddon.
The word "purim" comes from the word "pur" which means divination and this word originated when Haman and other ministers of the Persian Empire cast a "pur" to know the , the sun and the moon to carry out that evil plan to kill the Jews.
In the first match of the Under-17 (Girls), Kiang Nangbah Govt.
This ritual was held last year at the same place and month.
A few minutes later, PFR got a free kick at the end of the pitch about 75 feet from the goal.
The elected office bearers are President Mr. Ratstarland Snaitang, Vice President Rev. KB Snaitang, Secretary Rev. KGB Snaitang, Assistant Secretary Mr. Wislandar Snaitang, Treasurer Mrs. Timocracy Snaitang.
The President of the KSU said that if the Minister does not want the journalists to attend the meeting, they will think that she will say something after the meeting. “We are surprised that she did not say anything”. young Kharlydeh.
“The statement of Bah Samlin Malngiang to ban development works in Sohiong is a confusion that too much money has been spent or has been used by the financial authorities to work,” said Bah Amazing Kurbah.
The losers are the HSPDP which lost both its seats in 2018 and the PDF which lost two seats while the KHNAM which won only one seat.
Kadom Millikpi, Joysing Millik and Oleos Teron received checks and the others will be distributed later. Dip.
In Nagaland, there have been nine new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The Minister also urged the public to cooperate closely with the department and also to look after the buildings and surroundings of the health centre.
Therefore, this government should not listen too much to what is not fulfilled because in any field it is impossible to fulfill everything.
The Librarian of the College, Kong B.Lyngdoh, gave a briefing to the students.
“Jowai Village has been neglected, it is the responsibility of the Jaintia Hills, but it has been neglected in many ways,” said the Union leader.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 72 new cases.
The union said that the Roster System has affected the Khasi Jaintia people who apply for government jobs because the roster system is used to allocate jobs. is provided under the Reservation Policy.
B.Diengdoh and HM Marbaniang, Finance Secretary, said that according to the records of the elaka, the seven government offices which have received land titles from the elaka are the Police Station, the PWD. , Government Normal Training School (GNTS), Circuit House and Hospital, besides all government offices and other standing buildings have been destroyed.
From the testing of uranium by the AE Department, tailing ponds and protection have been built but the water flows into the river and fields.
Twenty-five members of the Executive Committee were also elected.
The MLCU has organized various games to celebrate its 10-month festival and will end on the 11th of June.
Therefore, we understand that we are now living in the Last Days.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 18: After a protest from the shopkeepers on the opening day of the Cherry Blossom Festival on Thursday due to the lack of supply as promised by the authorities regarding the rent of shops or stalls , the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has assured that the State Government will ensure that the shopkeepers during the festival will not suffer any losses.
Media reports said a company official had been arrested and President Xi Jinping had demanded severe punishment for those involved in the attack.
Five people including four children have been killed in heavy rainfall yesterday in Laitlarem village, Nongspung under Mawphlang C&RD Block. The death of a mother from Jashiar village, South West Khasi Hills.
In this age of computers and the internet, we are all lost.
The sign, which was seized by the KSU, was posted by West Karbi Anglong near the Assam police station at Sabuda.
“The state government will take this to the central government at the upcoming meeting before deciding to implement this policy,” he said.
Jowai, June 30: The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has constructed in-situ drains in many villages with water drains flowing into the Myntdu River as a measure to protect the cleanliness of the Myntdu River. parts of the Myntdu River and this work is now in progress.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: There is a lot of demon worship in Shillong, but it is not as widespread as it happened in Garo Hills, said Pastor Ellizer N Sangma of Garo Baptist Church, Shillong. .
Shillong, Nailar, 09: The Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MeFilma) in collaboration with Meghalaya Tourism on Monday announced that the International Meghalaya Film Festival will be held at November 2022.
The owner of the land shall first apply for permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner/ Sub-Division (Civil), Ranikor for the construction works.
The robbers, after throwing the bomb, threw the body of Tengton into the forest and threw the motorbike along the road.
Das added that the Ïing Dak also works and keeps pace with the times especially in the use of modern technology.
Plead for Gods Mercy.
According to the information gathered from the area, in the last three years, the MDA government has not brought any fruits of blessings.
Nongstoin, Nailur, 25: The Nongstoin Block Congress Committee (NNC) has started its preparations to win the 2023 MLA elections.
There should be no crowding in shops or any other places and the public should complete their purchases as soon as possible in the shortest possible time.
Shillong: “The hiding of drugs in a commercial bus shows that they are involved in the smuggling of drugs into Meghalaya,” said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Cloudia Lyngwa. and reporters in her business office.
The residents of Mynska, Khloow Kynria? Shangpung Circle HANM-SC has expressed its regret that the construction of the road has stopped only at Chyrmang (Mynska).
Shillong, which lasted more than a month, has become a battlefield, especially in the Motphran area and the Khasi areas like Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun and Wahingdoh.
He said that another reason for his re-election is to strengthen the district council to protect the people, to promote the people, and the suspension of many bills of KHADC from the Village Administration Bill. and others.
The curfew will last until 2nd November
Our Khasi elders in the countryside tell us that in the time of the plague, once a person gets sick he has to go and live alone in the forest.
The festival was also attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek, MLA Stephanson Mukhim, former MLA Lah Kmen Rymbui, BADO and Assistant Director of Border. Area Department.
However, there is a part of the custom that women work in the rympei and men work outside the rympei.
This is also an example that the government should turn its attention to the rural areas and especially to this village.
He said that the people of Raid Iapngap area have also given him a syrnod for his song composing and his work to preserve the name of this stone which is located in the Raid area.
Parrikar has been admitted to hospitals in Mumbai, Delhi and Goa.
The curfew has banned all vehicles, people and shops, but only vehicles carrying soldiers, health personnel, police and people will be allowed. fire & emergency services, journalists, MeECL & power grid personnel, supply department, FCI, bank employees, ATM employees, telecom & IT services employees, petrol pump employees, vehicles Gas, pharmacies, government vehicles, food trucks, but those who have been allowed to walk on the road, have been urged to use Social Distancing and others who have already been taught to should be executed without error.
He is also the son of the owner of Rangdajied FC, Bah SK Sunn who is also the Chief Engineer of PHE. Eugene was born on 10th July, 1986 in Mawngap.
Meanwhile, the SP said that in accordance with the recommendation of the Supreme Court Committee on Road Safety, the Shillong Traffic Police has started training for drivers in the city.
On the 10th day after His ascension, the Holy Spirit came down after 50 days.
Like the life and experience of Bah Aiboklang Sohtun, there are many others who are walking in the same path.
These wild trees in the Lyngngam language are called sohtbu, sohjudaw, sohwan, sohsan, sohsimlen, sohhylling, sohbar, sohmynthar, sohlait, sohshirshang, sohhymmai, sohmyndong, and others whose names are not yet known.
The death of Jesus on the cross is the physical suffering, the sacrifice of Himself for others and also the submission of the Lord Jesus to the will of God.
Besides the chief guest, speeches were also delivered by the Editor in-Chief of Batesi TV, Bah Kyrmen Uriah, Rangbah Shnong of Keating Road and a special prayer by Bah Khrawbuit. There will also be a Christmas song and a drink together after the distribution of the aid to all the families.
He said it is very important that the CAA, 2019 should not be implemented, as it will further deteriorate the already bad situation in the North East.
Confirming this, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, said that police have arrested him on a complaint lodged by the CSWO. “It's a good idea to release him on bail because the crime he has committed is bailable,” said Bah Kharkhrang.
Lucifer became a devil and Satan, a rebel against God and an enemy of man.
Guwahati: Seven flags of ISIS militants, written IS-NE, were lowered near a police station in Goalpara, Assam today morning.
The women's semifinals will be played on Monday, Manipur vs Mizoram at 11 am and Arunachal Pradesh vs Sikkim at 4:30 pm.
Shillong, November 03: The Shillong Pyllun Sengbhalang will hold its first meeting on the 7th November at 1 pm at the Dorbar Hall Mission Compound.
In any state or democracy, it is rare to see any opposition groups standing up and expressing their opposition in front of the Secretariat.
The meeting also decided to inform the government of the problems of the villages on the India-Bangladesh border, especially War Jaintia in the War East area regarding the erection of shiah signs to avoid the loss of land.
The question is how the people will know that he is the right person to be a leader or a legislator when everyone has given all the money.
Pala has won three terms as MP in 2009, 2014 and
“May the planting of these trees be a help to the surrounding environment and a blessing and benefit to all those who breathe the clean air,” said Bah Bajop.
Youdahunki Shylla, President of the union, while talking to a doctoral student, said that as in our state, we should protect ourselves as much as possible from this disease. so that it will not cause problems to the rural areas.
About 52 tour operators from Vietnam and 20 from the North East attended the North East India Festival in Ho Chi Minh City.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 13 cases including 6 cases from abroad, 6 cases of high risk and one case of Influenza Like Illness (ILI).
Not only that, there are many other things that we cannot mention or say all that show that man was indeed very wise.
Esculentum is cultivated in Germany and other European countries; it was first brought to those countries from China where it has been cultivated for a long time.
Regarding his re-entry into politics, Martin M.Danggo said that it was through the support of some people that he decided to appear once again as a politician. one of the leaders of the Ranikor Constituency.
WKHDCA has won the Women's Cricket League 2022-23 organized by the Shillong Cricket Association.
The arrival of Karim and the team will strengthen the club at this stage, especially in the forward areas.
These village leaders also explained that as it appeared in the media published by the village of Lumsohpieng, the people have been misled and in fact the area falls within the boundary of the village of Lumdaitkhla. The village doesn't want to turn it into a garbage dump and it is a solid waste management which they do according to the technology which doesn't affect the health of the people and the environment.
(7) 7 The number is not correct.
Heavenstone Nongrum, 83, resident of Riatsamthiah, Shillong, passed away at 7 pm this morning.
The meeting was led by the President of the Seng, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani and was attended by the leaders of the units of Ribhoi District and West Khasi Hills District along with the village leaders.
The PWD authorities have confirmed that they will clean up the ground cover within three days for the Nongstoin-Tura road.
Gavin M Mylliem, MLA from Sohra Constituency and Chairman of the KVIC, said that the project to improve the road from Umtyngngar to Sohra is still in the process of receiving funds. to implement.
Mar Kuhain and other followers of the Syiem, surrounded the stieh.
Similarly, if a Dkhar woman or a Dkhar man married to a Khasi has lived in the countryside, they can become Dkhars.
The total number of cases has risen to 35,190 and 7,496 people are still infected.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
Bad more and more.
The Sengbhalang leaders said that two MBBS doctors, one MBBS doctor came to work while one doctor could not come to work due to illness and only this doctor who prescribes homeopathic medicine comes. work and care for many sick people.
Now as a member of AS Roma, Lukaku will prepare to reunite with coach Jose Mourinho, who previously joined Manchester United.
However, on arrival at Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital, doctors immediately sent Pynbianglin and Raphael to NEIGHRIMS Hospital. Hector was taken to NEIGHRIMS Hospital at 9 pm. He is now in Shillong because he was seriously injured.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills on Friday banned any person or group from demanding or collecting money illegally from shopkeepers and warned to arrest those involved.
However, unfortunately, the Khasi language, which is spoken by 14,31,344 people in the state according to the 2011 census, has not been included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
Shillong: The Umkhrah River has become clean again especially in the Polo area.
When such reports or articles appear, many may ask how Meghalaya can become so poor compared to states like Bihar and Jharkhand or how can Uttar Pradesh become less poor. Madhya Pradesh and Meghalaya.
The wallet is owned by Deibormi Tyngkra and the taxi driver or anyone who finds it on the road is requested to return it by calling
Ayush Minister Sarbananda Sonowal also announced that OPD services will start in Smit, East Khasi Hills district which will benefit 40,000 thousand people living in 20 villages.
Speaking after a meeting with party office bearers and MLAs in Shillong yesterday, Faleiro said the ethnic parties should not be happy now as they will be ruled by the BJP later.” The ethnic parties support the NEDA under the chairmanship of Amit Shah and everyone knows the agenda of the BJP and the RSS,” Faleiro said.
The traffic jam in the city starts in the morning when the students go to school and continues until 10 and 11 o'clock when the government employees go to work.
The clause that says, “No roster shall be left vacant unless the roster is completely filled,” has been deleted without cause,” he said.
If it is in such a way that he can accept others, why are there threats to attack and destroy places of worship of other religions in India?
Bah John F Kharshiing whatsapp
It is understood that out of this amount of T.60 lakh, T.50 lakh will be allocated to the Khalsa Middle School in Them Metor, as it is an old building and is not safe at all.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Bonanza Shylla, Post Secretary of HYC War Jaintia Circle, Secretary of Amlarem Village Samla Dibor Talang and VDPs of the village. Thank you for working hard to arrange the line according to the Government's rules to observe social distance.
Donboklang Nongsteng scored in the 30th minute and Lamborsing S Nongdhar in the 50th minute while Mynteilang Shadap scored one goal for Lawmei in the 52nd minute.
This has happened in many constituencies and it is not only the MLAs who have suffered defeat but even those who have been in the post of Ministers.
Shillong, July 30: The Central Executive Council (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Thursday discussed the Reservation Policy and Roster System before submitting its recommendations to the Expert. The Committee is not appointed by the State Government.
On 4th November, the Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the Chiefs of War Jaintia and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) had decided to file a case in the High Court. Meghalaya High Court on charges of corruption against Dhar Company in connection with the construction of Dawki-Amlarem-Jowai road (NH 40E) (NH 206) at a cost of T. crore.
He said that this is a new scheme and it is an Additional Water Supply Scheme for the area due to the large number of residents, residences, guest houses and others and the need for water has increased.
The university won five gold, two silver and three bronze medals in the boxing event held in Gangtok, Sikkim, while the women's team won at the Nehru Stadium. , Guwahati.
He said this after the HNLC accepted responsibility for the IED blast on the 9th of this month in Mawlong Market and which gave the government six months. to evacuate 342 households from the Sweepers' Colony.
Most of the health facilities such as dispensaries and hospitals are run in compliance with the guidelines for the treatment of patients.
Exodus 33:20-23.
Knerlang Phawa, Graham's Academy, East Jaintia Hills District, has brought fame to the district and the region as a whole by his ability to reach the title. The 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 will be held in Tura.
“Until now, we the residents of the State don't know the grounds of the MDA Government, but on the ground we have witnessed the surprise and dissatisfaction of the residents in the border areas on the grounds to give and -take.
He said that the emergence of many parties is not wrong, but the presence of many parties, flags and issues should not divide the country and the nation.
The Rangbah treat women lightly but do not force them as in other tribes where women after marriage go to the house of the husband and become tribe and khong.
From the Umkhen River to the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers, all the rivers have almost turned into streams.
Doctors of Nongum PHC and Bawri Nethralaya also gave training to the people on how to prevent diseases.
Regarding the murder of a woman in Khliehriat, she said she has already directed the police department and the Deputy Commissioner to take action to ensure that the robbers will be punished. according to the law.
On the 6th, the 2nd Division will be played between Mooknor Thadmuthlong and Chilliangraij at 12.00 pm.
Prime Minister Duh pointed to the refreshing confidence, the shortcomings of the capabilities are coming in the first light of Amrit Kaal and how the world is now talking about the achievements of India and its people. .
However, the loud voice of the VPP members in the Legislative Assembly has been heard in the society that the CM should listen.
“We have decided to extend the term of the GHADC for another six months after we have received a letter from the Central Government which intends to introduce the Sixth Scheduled Amendment in the next dorbar,” he said. said the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh to reporters after the meeting.
The Bihar education department has said that it cannot ignore the order of the court and therefore has to dismiss the 3000 teachers who failed in the two examinations. who examined.
He said that it is necessary to provide adequate and thorough training to the youth so that they can stand on their own feet with the passage of time.
While the APHLC was trying to form a state government, these things were orderly, until they were forced and deceived by the ruling Congress party in the central government, where Capt.
She thought alone when that time would come and she decided that if Bah Deng came out the next day, she would surrender to him her body. you are pure.
This order was also issued as part of ensuring that the harvesting and storage of meat by meat vendors and the husbandry of animals by the farmers are done properly. including the transportation of animals for raising or eating meat.
In the women's singles category, Sukmon Mukhim won the first place and Sabrina Nongbet won the runners up.
Congratulations were also given to the elderly members of the Kur from Tynring village and awards were distributed to the youngsters of the Kur who have passed well and have excelled in their studies.
There are 27 recoveries and one death.
In a statement, NESO demanded that the Central Government should take immediate action to bring peace in Manipur.
In the last two years, the Wah has attracted hundreds and thousands of tourists, whether from the state, from outside the state and even from abroad.
Indeed, although this man is no longer here on earth, the signs of his hands and the great deeds he has done will be a permanent monument and stand as a witness before the world forever.
Other dignitaries who attended the function included MCA Vice President Dipul Ryntathiang, MCA Secretary Gideon Kharkongor, MCA Joint Secretary Chiang D Shira and MCA Treasurer Drubajyoti. Thakuria.
When asked why the KSU leaders did not appear in court, the KSU leader said that the reason is because the leaders are stingy because it is a matter that has already been discussed. “We expect the government to think differently, especially when the government has already set up those anti-mynder committees. “It's a good idea to have a Special Court, but it's going well, we'll discuss with the leaders,” he said.
One of the lessons we learn from this incident is that we need to be self reliant in all aspects.
According to sources, during his visit to the state, Shah will meet with BJP leaders, supporters and civil society groups.
However, in the U-13 category, Shangbangla SC beat Eleven Brothers 1-0
Shillong, Nailur 02: U Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh recently sent a public letter to the Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Education, Bah Carnes Sohshang requesting clarification regarding the the Council's allocation of funds to research the history of the Khasi people.
“One of the unique things in the country's fight against Corona is that we have found new ways and tried new ways of working.
On the other hand, the party requests the state government to revise the thrpkam map.
Throw yourself on the ground to extinguish the fire.
Shillong: The total amount of money collected from the Meghalaya Chief Ministers Relief Fund as of 4th June 2020 at 9.12 pm has been T.7,95,11,4 .
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) will hold the U-16 Football Tournament 2023-24 in the second month of June.
The Cabinet also approved the Meghalaya Forest Subordinate Service Rules 2023 which has been introduced by the Meghalaya Forest Department.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: More than 31 MLAs have passed away. to ensure that they will contest on the National People's Party ticket in the 2023 MLA elections.
“The construction of the railway line in Meghalaya has been delayed due to the lack of action by the state government,” he said.
“When I received the letter to hold a CPP meeting, I asked my friends and learned that Bah Pynshngain has been expelled from the party. and they didn't call any more meetings and I understood that there was something behind the scenes about it".
KHLIEHRIAT: A woman named Kumari Sana (20) of Mukhaialong, East Jaintia Hills District, has been suspected of being murdered by her husband.
The status of the Legislative Assembly in Meghalaya has declined in recent years because the members who are more popular among the people are the wealthier, not the more educated.
After Rida's mother stood up to read the letter of condolence from the college, it was a great joy.
The letter was signed by the members of ASWA's Selsella unit.
The Head of Police said that the public should be vigilant not to receive these emails or whatsapp messages and should also verify before spending money when buying these cards and should inform the Police Station immediately. Police have not responded to the Cyber ​​Crime Wing.
The deaths were identified as Munni Ruddil Ahmed (83) of Umsohphoh and Aroti Das (50) of Cheklabasti.
According to the source, MCCL has to pay more than Rs 1.40 crore per month to these employees.
My father is Dr. Bhom Singh Challam and Sidina Sumer.
Small children live in homes with no one to look after them and adults grow up on their own.
Shillong, March 04 : The National Symposium on “Strategies for Promotion of Agriculture and Allied Sectors in the Northeastern Region of India” was inaugurated on Tuesday by Dr.Ch.
He urged the people not to misunderstand that this MP election will be like an MLA election where the MLA and MDC elections end in the state but the elected MP is their duty to advocate for them. Discuss issues such as ILP and the Khasi language in Delhi.
We do not disagree, therefore, with the action of KAAC. However, what we must urge is that the peace and order should not be affected.
That is because it is not easy for parents who are too young to obey their advice, but want to go their own way, and if it is not easy to commit suicide in many ways.
He also urged the parents who have children with disabilities not to hesitate, but to come forward and take them to government offices to get assistance from various government schemes.
In conclusion, she requested the parents to encourage their children to participate with other youths because of the existence of the Seng Samla. The Shnong also helps to ensure the administration of khaddar within the Shnong.
In Pynursla, the total number of voters was 33193, the turnout was 30121 which is 90.75%.
Another reason for the shortage of cows and the increase in the price of cows in Khanapara market, the leaders of the Union said, is the disrespect of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima for the Iewrynghep which is held once a month. Khanapara has now become a daily market and cows are sold every day while here they go to buy cows only once a month.
The names should be submitted to the office of the DC's Office Campus, Mawkyrwat on working days from Monday to Tuesday.
“We have continued to demand an increase in this salary from time to time but it has reached deaf ears,” he said.
Karnataka Chief Minister Basavaraj Bommai has also tested positive for covid-19 today and is under home quarantine.
Garg spoke on the main aspects of education and said that there were about 196 students of Government Primary School in Railway Colony, 250 students of Government Primary School in Mauli Complex and 1,000 students of Government High School in Mauli Colony have been relocated to Government High School in Mauli Jagran where the construction of these schools can be completed soon.
Jowai, Nailar, 13: With the aim of educating the children about the Independence Day of India, the School Managing Committee of Lumtyngkrain SSA LPS, Thadlaskeiñ Block, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held a lehkmen Advance Independence Day Celebration 2023.
“Another thing I don't understand here is that the UDP leader (Bindo) is speaking against the BJP while the UDP is already in a coalition with the BJP in the NEDA. “We see that even within the District Council, the UDP supports the current Executive Committee which includes the BJP,” he said.
Through this scheme, about 7474 residents of the area will benefit.
The meeting was conducted by Iakmenlang Wankhar, Adviser of the Union Ricky Marshall Synnah and President Jeffrey Shabong.
“On the other hand, he said it is difficult for the government to turn back once again to discuss the same issue with the Assam government because the state government has already sent a list of places without border disputes.
Rimika won the first prize of T.30,000 and the runners-up received T.20,000 and T.10,0
He said that after the appointment and after identifying the places, as the head of the Committee, he will talk to the Commandant for the deployment of CAPF Police and if there is anything, he will have to order the Police. to inform the Committee.
When he expressed his desire to serve the people, he asked why.
He said that besides these protest programmes, other protest programs will be considered next month, as the party has decided not to interfere on the MUDA issue. The entire district has been shaken, just because of the refusal of the state government to implement the demands of the party.
Furthermore, Assam has expressed the same view with the state government that the NIA or CBI should take over the investigation into the incident.
Nongstoiñ, July 16: Three persons were seriously injured in a landslide this morning at Miangshang village in Maweit district.
He said that besides the fact that the road has already been damaged, the company has come to damage it more and after damage it has fled.
The main purpose of the tournament, which was organized by the Nongsohpian Sports Club, was to showcase the talents of the youth of the village especially to select the talented youth for the preparation for the tournament. to take part in the upcoming NDSA tournament.
In the final, Symper Rangers played against Laitlum Hitters.
More than 250 personnel of various Armed Forces (Armed Forces) have been infected with the virus and are currently undergoing treatment.
Model:.
The port of Ashuganj, located in eastern Bangladesh's Brahmanbaria district, is only 35 kilometers from Agartala.
In this book, Bah Daniel wrote that Phan Nonglait, after doing this brave deed on the 2nd of June 1829, in the evening, the British government arrested her and set her first in prison. Mairang for one night, but the next day she was arrested at Nongkhlaw.
“We will restore peace and order in the State despite the challenges in the name of peace and stability.
The Gospel has been coming for 180 years and there is a song that has been composed specially to commemorate the coming of the Gospel and you can find this song in the book, Ryngkat Bad Ki Mawkynmaw Ha Nongsawlia, by Bah L.Gilbert Shullai and the song is as follows:“The Wonderful Gospel of God's Love”God loved the world so much that He gave His only begotten Son on the cross.
Shillong, July 27 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, on Thursday said that during the elections, the same people sleep together. in the government, but they are the same ones who have turned against the NPP party by accusing, accusing forty kinds of things before the elections.
Meanwhile, the road from Shillong to Mawkyrwat has been closed due to landslides in many places and work is ongoing to clear these landslides. soil.
Experts also talked about the presence of other health conditions, which can increase the risk of contracting COVID-1
One of these rivers is the Rwiang River, which flows from the Rwiang River on the road from Shillong to Riangdo.
Therefore, it is difficult to guide the interpretation of the law because according to the personal understanding of the authorities alone it is firm and based on the principles of the traditional laws, but the rules one muktiar may differ from another.
Japan's action is selfish because it fears that the export of too many chips to other countries is a threat.
Furthermore, the complaint said that the arrival of these factories has not helped to improve the economy or employment but has caused diseases.
This also brings about the preparation in terms of knowledge and skills for future working methods and the ability to create jobs.
Speech was also delivered by the BDO who expressed his happiness that the village has received a proper house.
Mairang, June 26: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has announced to all households in the district that the ration shops have been distributed through the ration shops in accordance with the National Food Security. Act, 2013 for the month of June
He said that for many years now the Assam government has been using force in the border areas by intimidating our people in these areas and they have also tried to force development in these areas. They are located in Meghalaya.
Pascal Phawa scored the first goal for Khliehmynkrem in the 76th minute.
This time too, many candidates have applied for tickets from the Congress party to contest the MP election from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency for the year
The Kyrtong did not respond.
Secondly, only those working in SMBs and other relevant government departments, all the others are illegal residents in Them Ïew Mawlong.
In a petition, the FKJGP has also demanded the appointment of two more nurses like other Sub-Centers in Sangriang Sub-Center as this Center has only one nurse and it is difficult to work alone especially if it is during the arrival of pregnant patients who have to give birth.
Shillong, June 01: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has warned Gopal Deu and his committee not to insult or accuse members of the KSU of being involved in the murder of two Ichamati is located in the state.
I don't believe that these words came from a man like Bah Mohrmen, a man whom I respect very much.
He said that if we come once to attack we can do that, but when we leave what else will happen to the indigenous people living in these border areas.
The decision and choice for the future happiness of our small nation depends on the appreciation and understanding of each and every member of the nation on these suggestions on how to promote unity among ourselves.
From that time on, the ingtyrkhong began.
The increase in construction not only contributes to the growth of agriculture but also helps to develop industry, trade and creates employment opportunities.
At this time when the state is preparing to fight and prevent the fight against Omicron, it is the responsibility of every citizen that we are not yet ready to count whether it is in the country. in public places, marketplaces or even in crowded places.
The CEO said that the Election Department will now install 193 web casting machines so that the officers can conduct the polling smoothly.
VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit in his speech said that their visit to Jowai today is to clarify that the Reservation Policy has affected the youth. It is time to bring about unity as a brotherhood and to speak with one voice as a nation.
This is illegal and pollutes the surrounding rivers including the Kynshi River.
Ramesh Chamlegi came second with Brig.
The incident began at 3 pm after Trump sent his supporters to the US Congress.
Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh in his speech said that health is very important for everyone, he said that if we walk when we go to school it is an example of physical activity, and the Playing sports is best for a strong body through playing many kinds of sports.
The song is composed by Surajet Shetty and assistant cinematographer by Jirsong Teron.
Shillong, March 15: The Lok Sabha MP elections are approaching and political parties have not yet announced their candidates for the Legislative Assembly elections.
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) said Australia has decided to provide $5 million in aid to Afghanistan. to support the country and its people at such a time when they have to go through difficult times and poverty.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Governor Gulab Chand Kataria visited Guwahati and arrived at the airport where they welcomed Dhankar.
MANGALURU: Congress leader Ivan D'Souza today lodged a complaint against Udupi-Chikkamagalur MP Shobha Karandlaje for alleging that Christians harass fellow Christians. They believe that they will not be able to be injected against corona.
In South West Garo Hills, there are 9 cases, 2 cases from High Risk Contact and 7 cases from Mahindra Cluster.
Rev Andrew R. Marak, said that this celebration reminds us of the suffering of Jesus thousands of years ago in Israel, in order to deliver us human beings from sin.
After completing all the necessary procedures, the body of the young woman was handed over to the family members and police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident. the death of the young woman.
I agree with what Kong Agnes Kharshiing and 136 others, men and women, thinkers and intellectuals who have signed and published in the newspapers that we should condemn and oppose the killing, on the incident in Ishamati recently.
Marleki Laloo, wife of Bah Solomon Malngiang, resident of Lumsoiung, Newhill, Jowai, passed away on
BLOOD PRODUCTION IN THE BLOOD:-Strong kidneys increase the number of blood cells in the body by removing waste products from the blood to produce blood, but if the blood cells come from bad kidneys, these blood cells they cannot fall and go out into the sea.
He said that the scheme has been implemented by the Urban Affairs Department Phase Wise from 2018 to 2022 and the Town Committee expects that other households will benefit from the scheme. Those which have not yet been completed will be completed as soon as possible in collaboration with the Town Committee, Dorbar Shnongs and the Urban Department and especially those households who have received this allocation as allocated by the State Government and the Central Government. “This scheme has brought great benefits to those who do not have a home in Nongpoh Town,” he added.
Before the tree planting, the Chairman of the Youth Assembly, Bah Tanbok Surong and the Asst.Rangbah Shnong R Nongbet led the ceremony.
The meeting will discuss issues related to the border between Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
There are currently several 132KV lines passing through the Khliehriat Grid Substation and these include the 132KV NEHU, 132 Mustem and two circuits including the Myntdu Leshka Hydro Electric Project.
Fazal Ali was taken to the First Referral Unit at Barpeta Road and later shifted to Barpeta Medical College and Hospital for further treatment.
What is the news about these issues that have caused the Khasi to be attacked? How many were arrested? Where are the statements of the Home Department when the Khasi were shot or killed?
And don't know how to use it.
When I saw and saw with my own eyes that I had to buy drinking water from other places.
The meeting was attended by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MLA, RG Lyngdoh, Vice Chancellor, Martin Luther Christian University, Dr Sukalpa Bhattacharjee, NEHU, Pradyot Manikya Debbarman, Editor, David Laitphlang, President Shillong. Press Club.
so that the students in the rural areas will not face any problems.
In 2013, the number of jobs was 310, in 2014 there were 341, in 2015 there were 310, in 2016 there were 118 and in 2017 it decreased to
It is not clear whether Ranaut will pay for the guards herself or the Indian government.
When the opposition MLAs raised this in the Legislative Assembly, the Chief Minister said that previous governments have appointed such Chairman, Vice Chairman, Deputy Chairman etc. In July The then government led by Dr Manmohan Singh passed a law to appoint only 15 percent ministers in the central and state governments.
Girls' Higher Secondary School,Shillong65085 Arnav Saha (M,S&T,SS,HEd,H) 543*Sherwood School,TuraKLAS XII ARTSPosition Roll No.Names of candidates and institutions MarksSecured 1 162406 Amika K War (Ae,Ed,Hs, ,Ec) 431*Auxillium Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong2 164283 Bethea Meba Aihun K Sohkhlet (Ae,CAP,Ps,Pls) 424*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong3 163308 KritikaEc,P,HS (E,HS Ed) 420*St.Mary's College, Shillong164300 Ibadondor Mary Marwein (E,Ae,Hs,Ps,Pls) 420*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong4 166375 Abhilasha Alice Khongshei (E,Ae,St)Ed 4,Ge*o .John's Higher Secondary School, Shillong5 163196 Aadrita Chakravorty (Ae,Ps,Ed,Pls) 415*St.Mary's College, Shillong164323 Re Rar Rin Makan (E,Ae,Ps,Pls) 415*St.Anthony Secondary Schools, Shillong 164208 Banmankhraw Lyngdoh (Ec,Ps,Pls,Hs) 414*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong7 161868 Mumtak Damin (E,H,Ps,Ed) 409*Lady Keane College, Shillong164250,EsonP Nongsteng,P Teith ( ) 409*St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong173516 Ambar Minj (Ae,Pls,Ps,Hs) 409*Don Bosco College, Tura8 164259 Ngayaipam Awungshi Shimray (Ec,Ps,Pls,Hs) .Annyt's SecondaryS 408 Secondary*School , Shillong9 163921 L Phindalariti Lyngdoh (Ae,Hs,Ps,Ed,Ec) 407*Seven Set Annexe Higher Secondary School, Shillong10 164249 Kamei Abel (Hs,Ps,Pls) 406*St.Anthony's, Shillong Higher Secondary School
What happened? (4) that as explained in point (1) it is only at the request of the Riwar Mihngi Exporter & Importer Association in the year 2018-2019 that the new Association has not been established at the time of mining. Edingson Khongnohbeh for agreeing to assist in allowing exporters to trade under the terms of undertaking,” said the statement.
Karnataka is a team from the eastern part of India.
The order will come into force from 3rd March 2020 and only the farm of the Deputy Director, Indo-Danish Project will be released.
James said so far nine civilians have been killed and nine policemen have lost their lives in Garo Hills.
We don't know why the State Government has not yet received the information to release the names of those who have lodged a complaint with the police and for what reason, the police are hiding, while others are being released. Their website and even those who have shot their husbands, they throw away and then, why don't they reveal the names of those who are sick, their places of residence and their places of residence.
Mawpon, which is 100 years old, has 70 households and 240 men and 280 women, a total of
My car broke its wheel and I had to replace it with another car.
The court has decided that sin has a limit.
Shillong, June 10: The residents of Wahkhen Village have decided not to take part in the Lyngdoh Shad which was announced to be held on the 14th June 2015, as the village is not in order.
Speaking to u SP (City), Bah Vivek Syiem said that police are investigating to arrest the suspects.
The Tata Sumo was seized by the Phramer Traffic Cell and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
“We have persevered and if we take this step it is no longer our fault," she said.
Besides, it was learned that several villages in the Mawlangsu area like Nongriat, Nginiong Mawlangsu and Nongbodum may win the MDC election.
The purpose of the HFU's visit to these two villages is to find out from the farmers how much benefits they receive, whether they receive assistance from the government and whether they receive it or not. you are leading them.
Shillong: The FKJGP Langpih Area Unit is deeply surprised to learn that the Assam Government on Tuesday 11th March, 2020 visited a place in Madansohstap (Mawlaisyiem) village. It is located between Mawlan B and Ktiehthawiar villages on the Nongstoin-Langpih road.
"Then the mother said again," When I said, 'I'll go tomorrow, I'll go.
Besides, the Minister said that they have decided to ensure that there will be no impact on the articles related to information about the state as well as those related to culture, history and identity. .
Excessive use of groundwater in irrigated cultural fields not only reduces the groundwater but also affects the soil in terms of pollution. increase the salinity of the soil making it inapt for arable agriculture.
To celebrate this, balloons were launched in the presence of leaders from other Presbyterian Churches.
: India's Home Minister Amit Shah has tested positive for COVID-1
Speaking on other political issues, he said that in India, other major political parties (National Parties) do not count the North East at all but accept that the NE states are India is not sure whether it will still own them in the event of any conflict with neighboring countries.
He said that the PWD department and the PMC have been instructed to look into the construction of the Legislative Assembly in the second phase.
Referring to the dispute between the HSPDP and HS Shylla, former MLA of Nongkrem and former CEM of KHADC who has now joined the UDP, Hubert Riang said that the HSPDP's statement is correct. only the response to the remarks of Bah Shylla against their leader – Bah Ardent.
On the same day, after inspecting the development works implemented in the district as an Aspirational District, the Union Minister of State for Child Development, also visited the Aganwadi Center in Umdihar. , Health and Wellness Center at Umsawnongkharwai and also visited the SHG Group of Women in Saiden Village.
In a statement posted on the ISIS website, a man who identified himself as Abu Hamzah al-Quraishi claimed to be a spokesman for the militant group. “God, by His will, has sent a severe punishment to the tyrants and their followers, which can now be seen clearly by human eyes,” he said. COVID-19.
“There has been no more fundraising after 2000 when the government stopped issuing housing loans,” she said.
The VPP, which is a new political party, has come fourth in the MLA elections, the BJP, which is in power in India, has come fourth, the HSPDP, which has been in the state for a long time, has come fourth. The TMC, which has just entered the state, came sixth.
This program will be broadcast tomorrow 27th November 2013 on Zee TV and the party requests the public to watch this program and also to watch the code number to vote for this woman. took part in this dance competition.
Today's match will see Meghalaya face Karnataka.
The Seng urges the MLA to continue to work hard and become the MLA of the people of the constituency, not only for the party or only for those on the list, because on the list There will be more than 40,000 voters and more than 10,000 voters, but those who won are only 9 or 10,000 voters. doubt their own people.
The medicines have been stored at the Central Medical Store for distribution in case of emergency.
Other winners included Nengnong of WKH as Player of the Match, Highest Wicket Taker and Emisakani Warjri of WKH as Best Wicketkeeper. Monica Lyngdoh won the Most Promising Player title while Fenny Nongrum of WKH won the Player of the Tournament title. They have taken four wickets in this tournament.
For the glory of God. Amen.
Shillong, March 10: No MLA from the Congress party or MLA from the ruling party has voted in favor of the resolution passed by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit. implementation of Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
This step was taken to fulfill the promise made by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
On the other hand, speaking on the assistance to the cyclone victims, he said that the government has the funds to provide assistance to the cyclone victims and the claim that it does not have the funds is wrong.
It does not only include the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 10th grade, but also the way of life, dress and especially the names of the lands which we have inherited from our ancestors. “The land of the blood of the Son of the Father.
Before 2025-26, five nano urea plants will be operational with a capacity of 440 million barrels equivalent to 195 LMT of urea.
Naba Bhattacharjee, retired Forest Officer, said, “We need to follow in the footsteps of our ancestors and their traditional values ​​in the State to preserve and care for the the forest, the trees, the shrubs, the trees.
Once upon a time, joy was fullOnce upon a time, without joyOnce upon a time, when there was no joyOnce upon a time, there was no joyOnce upon a time, the stars were fullThe animals were full of many kinds of birds There are songs and dances, mountains, rivers, trees, sounds, Now the days, the days of asking, Now the days, the days of awriNow the days, the days of bisniNow the days, we see the darkness, The animals, the wild animals, the hidden things. The birds of the air are covered with snow, the trees are covered with snow, the mountains are covered with snow.
Shillong, Nailar 12: In order to relieve the pollution and darkness in Shillong, the government has invited school children to spread this message.
Miki sustained serious injuries to his hand while Denis Lyngdoh sustained serious head injuries.
Caroline Colony became the third team to qualify for the semifinals after beating Pasyih CSC 4-3 in the quarterfinals of the 18th Above Football League Knockout Tournament. (WJDSA) will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
The opening ceremony of the Women's League 2023-24 was attended by the General Secretary of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA), Bah Pros Wanniang. , Secretary Football Committee of Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA), Bah Dawning Secretary, Ground Committee and other members of Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) and officials from various sports clubs who participated in the tournament. Women's League Football Tournament of 2023-'24.
The striker, who has made 226 appearances and scored 39 goals, has not been able to perform as well as the club have hoped for since being brought to Old Trafford.
There is a long road to the mountains, and the children have to take exams all over the country.
He said that until now, those who have applied for tickets have been from the UDP, but the UDP cannot decide without the approval of the HSPDP when they have joined hands with the RDA. Before the UDP announces its candidate, it has to get the approval of the HSPDP so that they can get the support of the people.
On the other hand, Bah Habamutlang Lyngdoh, General Manager of SLFC, said; “Lajong is pleased to have the opportunity to join hands with the Meghalaya Tourism Department as a sponsor for the I-League 2023-2
The Government should implement the Meghalaya State Language Act, 2005 from top to bottom and make changes according to the demands of the time.
In this regard, the HYC has urged the organizers of the fishing competitions to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the District authorities so that it will not affect the traffic of the people.
Shiphew Sengbhalang and others who continue to support, have called for a 12 hour curfew on Monday following a failed talks with the State Government regarding the implementation of the Inner. Line Permit (ILP) in the State will start at 5 pm and end at 5 pm.
He said that this issue is necessary because it affects the future of the jaitbynriew especially in the field of employment.
“Many countries including the USA, UK are still looking for ways and means to curb foreigners because they don't have such a law,” he said. shall take into account this necessary law, which has been introduced for the sake of the State.
He said that the Meghalaya State Language Act 2005 has been passed by the Legislative Assembly and has been signed by the Governor on 1st June
Not only that, the BJP MDCs have been involved in corruption in the Jaintia District Council, which is headed by a close friend of the NPP. We have seen, but we have to remember the meeting in Delhi, to discuss the inner line permit (ilp), in which Home Minister Amit Shah promised. He encouraged the NPP leaders and the political parties to celebrate Christmas 2019 first and to talk again in
Besides these, Bah Bisharlang also gave assignments to be done in groups and also individually to the students so that they can understand more about the teaching and explanation.
However, the HPC has accepted the proposal of the company on the grounds that the price has been set for 2015-16 while the company has set the price for 19 and the General Clause of the Contract states that there shall be no further price increase after the issuance of the Letter of Award (LoA).
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 19: The FKJGP Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit has demanded that the PWD (R) department should take action against the excessive deterioration of the road from Kynroh Nongkynjang to Mawpun Rangblang constructed by a Russian company. which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area.
Mawkyrwat, November 29: The residents of Thiep-Bamon and Mawpud villages have been eager to pass through the new road which has been used for construction since last years, but due to the slowness of the contractor. This road has not yet been completed on time.
The match tomorrow 13th will be between Demthring SC and Sailung Ialong SC at 2 pm.
Also present at the meeting were Dikkanchi D Shira MLA Mahendraganj, Chokpor MLA Lazarus M Sangma, Kharkutta MDC Cherak W Momin and other leaders.
Nongpoh: A woman from Mawpun Kshaid village, has alleged that she has been verbally abused by MeECL employees in Umiam, while she was trying to inquire from the employees. MeECL, for receiving a sudden increase in the bill of light inside the house of the Longkmie.
“I have invited the two MLAs to return, but when we look at the number of MLAs and even if these two HSPDP MLAs return, the number of MLAs is only 28 candidates, 11 from UDP, 4 from VPP, 3 from Congress, 4 from AITC, 2 from PDF and 2 from HSPDP=2
The UDP has seven MDCs, nine and the HSPDP has two MDCs under the banner of the RPA.
This is the largest tournament in the history of the National TT Championship, with 38 men's and 35 women's teams and 500 table tennis players.
In these videos, youths were seen climbing on the roofs of churches and some were holding stem flags with the image of Ram.
Shortly after, this violent conflict became a major problem for the Hynniewtrep (Khasi) people because there was a big difference in the way of counting the tribes of the Hynniewtrep and the Dkhars.
The flying/using and carrying of the national flag is covered by the Prevention of Insults to National Honor Act, 1971 and the Flag Code of India,
Once this border was reached, it meant that the battle between Khla and Nairit was intense.
“The Prime Minister has promised to look into these demands of the party and has promised to convene a meeting after the opening of the Budget Session with the officers of the social welfare department and party leaders,” he said. said Mr. Michael Thongni.
On the other hand, he said that according to the HYC, the operation of the Civil Hospital is still only 30% out of 100%.
The Green Tribunal has sought clarification from the State Government and the Jowai Municipal Board whether they have built drains for the residents before the water flows into the Wah. Myntdu and NGT have directed the State Government to obtain immediate approval from the Village Authorities or the Jaintia District Council for the construction of adequate garbage dumps in Jowai. another judgment, on the ways and means they have prepared.
If this is the plan of the company, it will lead to the destruction of the whole country.
Riburom Jat scored the first goal for Niaw Wasa in the 21st minute.
When he reached Khyndailad, he was walking along the footpath on GS Road but at that time unidentified robbers threw a stick at him from behind.
The opening ceremony was attended by Samla Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang (Chairman of the Litigation Cell of KSU Sengkmie).
Shillong, Naitung 15 : Those shops which sell meat in their shops, will have to attend a training organized by the Commissioner of Food Safety of the State Government to learn how to store meat in their shops.
The two youngsters have been selected for the final round of the trial organized by the Indian Super League, the most prestigious Indian club in the country. of Bengaluru Football Club.
My friend, don't think that you and I are the only ones who are stupid, but there are many things that we don't want to tell you.
They also demanded the immediate withdrawal of the Assam police or any Assam government departments from the Khasi villages on the border.
However, these temples were destroyed when the children of Israel turned away from God. The second temple was destroyed in 70AD. to offer sacrifices.
Speaking to reporters, Pangniang said that his visit to Rambrai together with the engineer was to inspect the road which is very bad and because most of the residents of the area have demanded He as an MLA and also urged the government to take action regarding this road.
Snaitang also admitted that he is a member of the NPYF and does this only to deceive and deceive people especially the youth who are looking for jobs.
Michael said that it is the custom of the Khasi that the youngest child should inherit the property of the family, but according to the writing of Bah Fabian Lyngdoh, It was found that according to the custom of the Khasi, the youngest child is the only caretaker of the property.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, has announced that these houses and grounds will be contained due to the outbreak of Covid-19 in several households in Jowai. area from today until further notice.
He said that the state government is trying hard to protect wildlife and this can be achieved through the cooperation of the people of the state especially in this state where the land ownership belongs to the private sector.
“The Minister said that he is in talks with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, and the documentation was also discussed.
Shillong, July 04 : The Federation of Shillong Hostels has urged all hotel owners to refrain from using plastic bottles in their premises on the grounds that this will help for the future to avoid the increasing amount of plastic waste.
Isawanda, who was formerly the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, was transferred from the post in July this year and was appointed as the Director of Community and Rural Development. He also held the post of Secretary, Community and Rural Development and Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare.
Sharing the news on social media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “I wish the best to Thomas A Sangma, the candidate for the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly”.
The SSTP demands that Jio and Airtel should immediately provide the network in the area for the convenience of the people.
It may be recalled that KHNAM had done the same before the MDC 2014 elections where it had sworn to its MDC candidates not to leave the party after winning the elections but only after more than a year two MDCs of Process T Sawkmie and Latiplang Kharkongor have defected to the Congress party while Latiplang has not joined any political party.
Shillong: U Bah Pius Marwein today took oath as MDC to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at the Administrator's Office.
Those who attended the complaint included Bah Albert Lyngdoh, Secretary Village Council, Umniuh Khwan, Bah Biang Sad, President HANM Umiam Circle and Bah Pateng Myrsing. Ri Bhoi Unit, in which they went to meet the DC with a letter, in which they expressed their strong opposition to the permission to hold the wedding at the resort.
It was not until 8 o'clock in the evening, when the mother of these Hebrews came home, that the eldest daughter told her everything that had happened and the rape. The village authorities lodged a complaint with the Nongpoh Police Station the next day.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJAC) today demanded that if the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma cannot resolve the issue, he should resign immediately.
Manchester United drew 2-2 with Southampton on Saturday in the English Premier League.
In this regard, the MLA has demanded that those who published the news or the author should apologize to the MLA within 48 hours and if they do not listen, the MLA will apologize to the MLA. The MLA said he would not hesitate to take other measures by issuing a notice and taking it to the Privilege Committee of the Assembly.
The HPWU expresses its deep sorrow over the passing away of its leader Bah AN Diengdoh, who passed away suddenly on 14.12.2022 at his residence in Mawlai Umjaiur.
On the other hand, Samla Banshai Marbaniang together with the HYC Mawsynram Circle, urged the MePDCL department to bring electricity as soon as possible, without stinging or discriminating against the electricity consumers in the division. do not cause any confusion.
Sawkmie said that after the KSU's visit, he will stand on the ground that the EC should revoke the NOC. “It should be removed. , otherwise I will not rest until destroyed" he said.
Furthermore, J Treilang Suchiang will move a motion on the suspension of the construction of the new Iawmusiang and another demand to change the working methods of the Revenue and Land Reform Department from manual to digital system.
However, this does not mean that the past cannot be forgotten or forgotten.
Therefore, these three organizations invite and invite the people who are concerned about the killing of the enemy especially the killing of this young man to come and join in this rally to express their sorrow and demand a fair trial. for the children of Kitdorlang Marbaniang.
Isaiah, one of God's great prophets, whom God Himself made a prophet, said this in 14:2
The three players include Riticia Nonget, Luiza Tamang and Debasmita Dutta. Besides, Ajima Sangma has been elected as the preliminary player and Baiahun Mylliemngap as the manager of the team.
Himalaya said that for two years from 2021-2022 and 2022-2023, the border villages have not received the border area scheme, as they used to receive every year to carry out many development works. in the border towns.
"Written by the philosopher Karl Marx in Das Capital, in
“We are sorry that the MDA Government has transferred the DC, as he has only 14 months.
At the same time, the Seng expresses its regret that the students of this school have lost their education in Science just because the education department of the state government has not taken action especially the schools. those outside urban areas.
The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat under Section 135 (c) of the Representation of People Act 1951 has announced that on the 17th, 18th and 19th June, a period of 48 hours shall last until the last hour of the end of the polling day as the days of exemption.
Ma Vincent said he has set up a Coaching Center for youth to fight for IAS, MCS, MPS and others in Shillong and has brought in airlines to employ youth from The youth of the state have been employed in big hotels and in the CISF, CRPF and Delhi Police departments thanks to his hard work.
Fourthly, the Arts and Cultural Department has announced that owners of tourist sports venues and stake holders, private enterprises and individuals who open new tourist sports venues must obtain NOC from the District Council.
The scheme also includes drinking water filters and a hand washing facility.
At the same time, Bah Ardent informed that a meeting between the leaders of the Defense Forces and the Village Authorities of Pynursla will be held on the 11th October, 2020 at 11 am at Nenggate Dorbar Hall.
The youth, who recovered from COVID-19, was admitted to NEIGHRIMS Shillong, where after she recovered, the government authorities sent her home to the hospital. The driver of the tourist taxi, as the family members of the girl have not been able to visit her, while they are still under quarantine.
Then I looked for a car but I found a village car.
Nongpoh, November 05: The Block Mission Co-ordinator, SSA-SEMAM Umling BRC has celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities. The Hans Foundation today held a special event with the disabled at the Nongpoh Dorbar Hall.
With 212 runs, Meghalaya needed to tied for 160 runs to win.
There are also other reasons why the Provincial Government has stopped the establishment of High Schools.
Finally, u Bah Sawkmie urged the government especially the education department to take action to introduce a policy to resolve and end these problems of teachers so that they can escape from the strike or sleep. roads just to get paid.
(Their violation is not ignorance but ignorance) Even the people from outside the state who violate only the rules during the lockdown have been fined and arrested, whether those who violate the quarantine What shall I do, or shall I end up asking them not to break the rules? Nalor is not the one from the state.
This is very surprising that these people have not been arrested yet and at the same time these same groups are still looking for me. the law enforcement agencies and the police to punish them according to the provisions of the law.
Others include KHNAM Working President Adelbert Nongrum from Jaiaw Constituency, James Ban Basawiamoit from Mawkhar Constituency, Latiplang Kharkongor from Nongthymmai Constituency, Elphrin Lawai from Sohryngkham Constituency, Kodios Thongni from Jiaw Constituency. , Iengskhem Diengdoh from Langkyrdem-Laitkroh constituency, Pyndapborthiaw Saibon from Shella constituency, Andreas Kharkongor from Laban-Mawprem constituency and Allowis Dohtdong from Mawkynrew constituency.
According to sources, the number of illegal coal factories destroyed by the district authorities of West Khasi Hills has reached 13 till Saturday.
The Rangbah Shnong Bah PG Lamare and the Secretary Bah Marbud Dkhar along with the Rangbah Dong from different villages were accompanied by the Seng Samla. There were also young men and women from different parts of the village along with the residents who use the river every day.
Bah P.Wanniang, General Secretary of MDSA as the chief guest in his speech, congratulated the committee and the referees by saying, “The smooth running of the football matches in the The Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) is grateful for the presence of referees along with their hard work in carrying out many tasks and also for the presence of skilled referees to conduct the games.
“As a newly formed association, we appeal to the government to take action on this issue as it has affected not only hundreds but thousands of people.
“But in fact in our custom, the last one is only the guardian but now we have made the decision of the British Court a custom,” said Bah Michael.
Ribok L Lyngkhoi, father and mother of the child, who have denied the allegation of rape: Rupang Speaking to reporters, Ribok L Lyngkhoi (father) said that since he started to Dapbianglin Jyrwa, the mother of the child, was not happy with her marriage and when they left, the family members of Dapbianglin Jyrwa were not allowed to leave. They also said that the child would stay first and without hesitation they accepted the request of the family members and left to stay together in Nongstoiñ.
This is the second time this year that the JSU of Labang Nongphyllut has organized a festival to preserve the culture and traditions of Labang Nongphyllut.
The plane crashed shortly after taking off from an Iranian airport.
I believe these are the fundamentals that cannot be replaced," he added.
Therefore, the census year requires that the leaders take this issue to the Legislative Assembly, to discuss and pass laws to avoid being overwhelmed by foreigners.
Flipkart has launched the App in 11 languages ​​spoken in India.
A silence was held, a candle lighting ceremony was held, and a reading was read by one of the members of the JNP. Others who attended the ceremony were Ajoy Lanong from MACS. , Dr JN Shullai, Director MCSWA, Sunita Suna PM MCSWA, B. Kharmalki, R Suchiang, President JNP, M. Biate, Secretary JNP and others.
He said that the use of plastic is very bad and also pollutes the environment.
Speaking on Twitter, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the purpose of the program is to instill in the minds of the school children the importance of water and how to manage, maintain and maintain water sources.
Kitlyngkor Nongkhlaw of Thangsning scored 4/12 from 3 overs and was named Player of the Match which helped the team to win the match by 10 runs.
LP School, Ratacherra in the presence of the Chairman of Moolamylliang Village Council, Damewanhi L. Rymbai, former Waheh Shnong Khamsngurbha Pohiing, VDP President Pynkhaliñ Dhar, President VO Ratacherra, Suda Pohthmi, village officials and several villagers.
It is unfair to see that mobile towers have covered this sacred mountain of ours.
The Governor also inaugurated an exhibition on change-makers and Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav held at the Raj Bhavan by the Central Bureau of Communication, Shillong.
“He said that he has convened a meeting with the aggregators to recruit more passengers and to let the public know that there are licensed bike taxis.
Nongstoiñ: The second pre quarter final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) will be played today between Lawban SC and Mawlai SC. The match between the two teams will start at 2:00 PM at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium and the second Pre Quarter Final will also be a very interesting match.
Whether or not it is accepted is up to the government.
Not only that, but the Patriotic Song also blesses the country and the nation to continue to grow and prosper in the path of righteousness and truth.
The project will generate 900 MW of electricity from four turbines.
The incident happened at 8:30 pm at the residence of the employees of the company.
In this newspaper of that date and also of November 23, 2013, in which Pope Francis was named "Person of the Year" or "Person of the Year," if applicable, as In his speech, Bah Loniak congratulated the priests, sisters, religious leaders, leaders of the Catholic Association of Khasi-Jaintia Hills together with the devotees from Shillong and other villages of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
In the women's category, Shyamali Singh went first, Darishisha Iangjuh second and Daphika Pakyntein third.
“The residents of Manipur are facing a great problem regardless of their ethnicity, the residents are facing problems and there has been a great impact on the country. “It is necessary to do something to stabilize the situation and restore peace in the state”.
There were also performances including the song “Health is Wealth” composed by Bah B.Lyngdoh Marshillong, Ward Assistant, District Mental Health Program (DMHP). ) and sung by the DMHP Team.
>All users of inverters/UPS/generators should take precautions to prevent back flow of electricity to MeECL signs as this will cause electricity shortages and injury to MeECL employees during that they work in those signs of that place.
The Government especially the Sengbhalang needs to look after and monitor the people who are doing their own jobs and to recognize them in order to encourage the youth to take up jobs. dealing with the people who have been employed and served by other nations throughout the 50 years since we gained our independence.
Shillong, March 14 : If the government really intends to repeal the Act, it should convene a special session to repeal it.
Altaf took 4 wickets for 19 runs in 4 overs and Bikash took 3 wickets for 14 runs in 3.3 overs.
However, the wise God blesses them so that when they grow up they will become rich, rich, beautiful and famous.
Thank you Kong Reliance Phyrngap for your example and it will be an example for future generations.
However, we have the right and duty to elect those who will be sent to Parliament, Assembly or District Council.
Spectra all-day dining offers a wide variety of buffet dishes from around the world and you can also choose from local dishes.
Even after we have waited for a long time, we have not received anything.
He said the VPP's opposition to the Governor's speech was groundless as the session of the Legislative Assembly was conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of India.
Only the NRDF and SDRF are still searching for the bodies from the coal mine at Ksan.
In this regard, the JNC-KC under the leadership of Rimiki Dkhar as President has written a complaint to the authority in charge of electricity at Moowakhu, Dkhiah West. They will take action to replace the transformer with a new one so that the people can avoid the problem.
According to the show cause notice, the Returning Officer said that he had received a complaint on the 9th that VPP supporters had gone to shout 'Prah' and disrupt the NPP election campaign rally at Jaïaw, which the NPP had to cancel the meeting.
The study followed 321 participants in Denmark in a one-year programme, in which the authors collected assessments from the patients' caregivers about their lifestyle, how much each The patient usually doesn't drink for ten days.
He said that the marriage of Khasi women by Muslims is very common in the state where a Muslim who has a Muslim husband, still lives with 3-4 Khasi women and their children. Muslim spirit, you are a Khasi.
Hagno to hold the assembly this year.
JOWAI: U Ma Lakhon Biam has won the seat of Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) in the election held on Friday at the Council Hall.
In the first leg of the tournament, Sawlad beat Mawliehbah SC 3-0 in the 19th minute. and Rishot Mawlot in the 21st and 41st minutes.
There are Catholics, Syro-Malabar Catholics, Syro-Malankar Catholics, Jacobite Syrian Christians, Protestants, Presbyterians, and others, who have their own traditions of ruling their fellow believers.
“ Let us allow the peace talks to proceed.
Speeches were delivered by Aidiam M.Kassar, Psychologist Manager, DRCDA on the Scheme and Services for Persons with Disabilities, Mr. L.Khonglah, Advocate Jowai Bar Association on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and Mr. P. Chyrmang, Office Assistant, ICDS, and M. Lapasam, Chief Sevika, BDO Office.
Shillong, March 18: About 100 border residents have staged a protest at the parking lot of Addl.Secretariat on Tuesday to protest against the government's survey to erect shiah signs on the border in West Jaintia Hills. District.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Border Area Unit President Samla Riskhemlang Khonglah said that many of the students in the border areas who cannot reach the examination center are from the lower villages. Pynursla, because the examination centers for the schools in the area are St Anthony's Higher Secondary School Pynursla and Khadar Blang Higher Secondary School Lyngkyrdem. examination in Khadar Field.
James said the Forum will play a major role in creating jobs in the state, which will help increase the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP).
India won their third gold medal at the Asian Games 2023 in the dressage equestrian team of Anush Agarwalla, Hriday Vipul, Divyakriti and Sudipti Hajela on Tuesday.
Moonlight Pariat, MDC from Jowai, has filed his nomination papers as the UDP MLA candidate from the same constituency.
The tournament is also to select the wrestlers who will represent the state in the National Arm Wrestling Championship to be held in Hyderabad from 30th June to 6th July
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya has been able to overcome one of the challenges which has affected the economy of the state. The Government of India has approved the mining lease of four miners.
In these bottles, the kyaid has been filled with spirit and other drugs which are very dangerous to those who drink it.
The marriage was registered under the Special Marriage Act 43 of
According to media reports, about 15-20 people, who went to India Gate, burnt down a tractor. at 7.42 am.
Speaking to reporters, PROs of FTPGM Kitboklang Kharmalki and Hilarius Kharbihkhiew said that during the two days, training will be given on filmmaking by the famous film star of the North East. Bendangtemsu Walling, a graduate of the National School of Drama, New Delhi, has also acted in the Bollywood film 'Detective Byomkesh Baksi' NEZCC-Ministry of Culture Talented Artists Award 2008-09, AO Student's Excellence Award 2009, Chankikong Student's Conference.
In the second leg, Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC beat Latyrke SC 3-2. For Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC, Plidar Dkhar 28', Ioanis Chyrmang 65' and u Bing Charming 82′.
In a statement, Aiban Syiem, Vice Chairman JAC against Meghalaya Agrovet, said that the KHADC through the Joint Secretary to the Executive Committee has called for a hearing only on the Meghalaya Agrovet Association and the villages that have been allowed to participate in the project. The company has affected the villages of Khlieh Umtrew, Raitong, Umsiang, Mawthei, Sohpdok, Umtangi, Paitklong, Tiehwieh, Nongkya, Thad, Umlaiteng and other villages which have not been affected by the floods. Meghalaya Agrovet and those who do not use water from the Agrovet sewage well, while the affected villages like Nongjri and 6 villages under the Umsning Town Dorbar were not invited at all. the JAC was never convened.
They will humble themselves and keep praying,“ I will hear them says the Lord “.
Granary said that until today, his family does not know the exact reason why the police shot dead Bah Che and his family. she remains in darkness and wonder.
The Union said that this action of the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, has also brought shame and distrust to other Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District.
The church took over the building after it decided to end its relationship with the university at its June 2012 meeting.
With the first sword he was commanded that it was a sacred duty to himself.
As part of this, the CPC has decided to conduct a mass cleaning of the Umkhrah River before the start of the puja and will clean up again after the puja.
He therefore called for the cooperation of teachers and students for the implementation of this Policy.
On the other hand, the government wants the peace talks to be successful and to bring about lasting peace in the state and the region as a whole,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
“How painful it is for me to learn that the families in this village, which is my village, will lack food.
Fortunately, in Khasi-Jaintia, the people of the past were wise because they established the Law Lyngdoh, Law Kyntang, Law Adong, to preserve the environment and which serve as water reservoirs.
Shillong: Ka Sohra, today, received heavy rainfall of 327.6mm.
I'm much better than that old man,” said the speaker, whose speech was translated into English by the Gulf News.
Along with the discussion, the members of MEPA also recalled the beginning of Bah Nongsiej's journalism career in 1993 in the Mawphor newspaper and his contribution to the Peitngor newspaper. and the Kynjatshai newspaper which he served until his death.
After that she couldn't sleep and she thought and kept thinking, " Am I really poor.
Witnessing the incident, it was seen that the KSU and RBYF, were very angry when they learned about the beating of the Khasi youth, and as soon as they reached the office of the Director, they tried to kill them. They expelled all the employees of the ICAR office, including the Director, and those who had planned to lock down the ICAR office, but at such a time, there were authorities and those who stopped them. and trying to explain to these KSU and RBYF, has led to a peaceful dialogue.
Shillong, June 18: The Human Rights Commission (HHRC) has sentenced Mary Umdor, a mother who was denied childbirth at Ganesh Das Hospital, to pay Rs 3 lakh. money to this longkmie.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the new cases include EGH: 2, EKH: 14, RBD: 1, WGH: 2 and WKH:
In the second match between Byndihati SC and Lumputhoi SC, Byndihati SC won by 10 goals.
The bus (ML-01-6855) was driven by Khrawboklang Pyngrope, 20 years old.
Similarly, the word 'nong' which comes from the word shnong is the one that turns a verb into a noun: for example, singer instead of kaitor, nong-tem nong- put instead of duhalia, drawer or painter instead of barikor, writer instead of thohjer thohnam, worker instead of shakri and so on.
It is learned that after they stopped the road construction and seized the dumper, they came and took away all the equipment in a JCB and this angered the people, until they They threatened to burn down the vehicles of the Assam police, who arrived at the village.
“He said that the KHADC is part of the Regional Committee set up by the State Government where he as CEM and Dy CEM Bah PN Syiem are part of the Regional Committee to lead the KHADC in the talks.
Speaking to reporters, ASHA Leader Mary June Myrsing said that the ASHAs cannot decide whether to accept or not the government's promise without receiving the written notice. When you talk at the meeting, it is enough, but when you receive the writing, it is different.
The brother cleaned up a place to sleep in a village.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Milk Processing Center in Mawiong has produced about 50,000 liters of milk per day.
Speaking to media, the President of the Seng, Bah Forwardman Nongrem, said, “In the Radiology department, the hospital still needs more staff and X-Ray and also to bring in machines.
Mawkyrwat, November 20: The Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar today inaugurated the 8 foundation stones of the schemes for the construction of roads. In the presence of the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads), Bah David M.Pyngrope.
The book of Exodus also tells of a new beginning after freedom and the road to freedom is not easy.
Nongstoiñ, March 27: The 3rd phase of the APPDA Volunteer Training under the APPDA Volunteer Scheme of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), which was inaugurated on 11th March 2022, has been held. today 27th March 2022 at Nongstoin College.
“I have taken very seriously this action of Saleng and I strongly warn that he will be punished if he continues to speak such rude words inside the House during the debate,” he said. u Lightning.
On the other hand, the two organizations expressed their gratitude to the officer for this initiative and hope that the work will be completed soon for the benefit of the people of War Jaintia as a whole.
In this regard, it was said that 13 players have been suspended once again from last season.
She also urged the residents to come forward to link their MHIS with Aadhaar for accessing health benefits.
They also said that they are not happy to see that the ILP has ended in approval without any implementation.
“Now the problem for many Khasi is to think whether that change is the right path or not.
Speaking to reporters, the Sordar Shnong, Donbokstar Myrthong and the Secretary Shnong, Phuljen Lyngdoh Iawlar, said that there is only one church group in the village, the Catholic Church and all the households. households fall under BPL(very poor) category.
The Rangbah Shnong of Shillong Market, Laitlyngkot, Bah Ryngkatlang Lyndem, has expressed his concern over the spread of garbage by foreigners along the Pynursla-Laitlyngkot road.
We cannot forget another scientist, Charles Darwin, who once prayed to God in his youth, felt that the world belonged to him through his scientific knowledge.
The 19-year-old girl has reached the Grant Final for the first time.
Speaking to the DC, the party expressed its strong opposition to the decision of the MDA-II Government to build a railway line in East Jaintia through Khliehriat. .
The CCORMAU took this decision at an emergency meeting held on Friday.
Speaking to media, PT Sawkmie said that this is the first time that the employees of MeECL have had to come forward to demand their rights from the Management.
Maldrin (45′) scored the second goal for Selsella before the end of the first half.
The songs of the late Tymmen Basan, which are popular among music lovers, are Canaan, which has more than 15 lakh listeners, Khun Baieid, which has more than 15 lakh listeners, Khun Baieid, which has 4.11 lakh listeners and then Canaan, which has 5.16 lakh listeners.
Kung-fu hustle masters has already said and deceived don't be surprised anymore, I think you still remember that he said to dhutah or pushparaj only with lipstick and powder to improve people on the roads, these are Now I'm sure I'll be able to apply lipstick only with the colors of the streets.
After about six months, Banrilang told her mother first.
The Government of Meghalaya has issued a notice requesting the citizens of Meghalaya to join hands with India by hosting the tricolor Lama of the country in their homes from the 13th to on the 15th of this month on the occasion of the 75th Independence Day of India.
When asked whether the composer and singer of this song used to sing or if anyone helped to write this song, Wanjop Sohkhlet said that the song is from the mind of He said that this song is sung in his sleep or when he goes to the fields and he sings lyngkhot lyngkhai and all the songs are sung in his head without writing on copy pages. He said that the songs he sings should only be posted on Whatsapp status because he doesn't have the money to do it.
“We would like to clarify to all the Adhoc teachers that we have been monitoring the demands of the State Education Department from time to time to remind them of the problems we have faced due to the increase in the price of commodities.
She said the government wants to have a dialogue with the meat vendors and to know their concerns on this issue.
Antonio replied that the EC will look into the rules of the 13th Finance Commission before taking a decision.
Iawmulong Nartiang Sports Club is another team that has secured a place in the quarter-finals of the Second Division Football Tournament of the WJDSA.
The opening match of the tournament will be on the 5th of June in Jowai with the first match between Rangdajied United Football Club and Hynniew Wasa FC. We have opened four more slots for those teams that are better and come second from different federations.
Nongpoh: A Longkmie and her son have escaped from the robbery of T.1 lakh by two men riding on a motorcycle at 1 pm today. don the number AS-01-EN-8
He said the state government has sent a proposal to hold elections by November this year.
We are all judged by the same laws.
The award was received by Dr. KK Nongsiej, I/c Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat and the teachers. Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of Bah SC Laloo, MCS, ADM, South West Khasi Hills District.
“We will kill those who speak evil of our Prophet and we will put bombs in our bodies and in the bodies of our children, to blow up and kill those who speak disrespectfully of our Prophet.
On the other hand, Thomas Passah said that even though Khyndai Lad Falls falls under the European Ward, the vendors still need to obtain work permits.
The Lama of the country shall not be moved or erected together with other Lamas and shall be higher than other neighboring Lamas.
The Seng also expresses its deep sorrow and surprise over the permission to carry out such smuggling activities by foreigners around the area of ​​Baridua.
The number of recoveries is
The President of the Voice of People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the former MDC of Umsning for unfounded allegations against him.
The region has improved in the last nine years of the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and countries around the world want to work with us,” said Rajeev Chandrasekhar, addressing a meeting. The Janjati Morcha held a meeting at Chakma Ghat Community Hall in Tripura.
Tainingstar is a resident of Mawkyrwat and has been admitted to Bethany Hospital since 30th October
Meghalaya was created after the struggle for secession from Assam because the government at that time tried to introduce the Assamese language to be taught in all schools.
Congress leaders said that the MPCC has no intention of removing Bah Pynshngaiñ from office as it has accepted that his resignation is not against the Congress party but has accepted. that it was always his personal quarrel with the prime minister.
However, after several years of tensions between the two countries, relations between Turkey and Israel have improved, with officials from the two countries visiting each other to move forward. They believe that these two countries have been working together from time to time.
Let me begin by saying, “In a society of violence and corruption, silence is in itself violence: in a society of injustice, silence itself it is an injustice: So if you are a silent person, who has no part in politics, you are a politician, because if you are silent and silent, you are fighting against the oppressor and the people take advantage.
There was no mention of the Roster, which is the method of counting time in terms of appointment and employment.
Sillian alone was like a fool who didn't know anyone, he couldn't speak Hindi, English and Bengali.
Due to the confusion, people no longer come for treatment at this hospital and have gone to other hospitals where there are no adequate equipment to conduct blood tests. and this made patients afraid to come for treatment.
Speaking to media, Hek said that the fee structure of the KBC Company is planned to be increased from T.3 lakh to T.10 lakh for all the courses. He said that according to the proposal sent by the KBC to the government, the fee structure signed since 2012 is T3 lakh and now it cannot be operated anymore. It has sent to the Government to increase the fee to T.10 lakh for the completion of Course Doctor.
They have set a deadline for the government from June to issue a decision to extend the appointment period which ends on 21st July,
KhubleiWe want to explain the seasons to explain in detail how it happened in these four seasons. 22 anti-government protesters, shot dead at a Chinese factory, in Hlaingthaya , which is located near Myanmar's largest city.
As one of the citizens of Meghalaya, I have the right to give my opinion to the government after I have given my opinion to my fellow citizens.
The JHADC has only two dorbars this election, the Mang Tyngka Dorbar and the Lyiur Dorbar while the Tlang Dorbar has not yet been convened.
Speeches were delivered by Kmen Massar President of War East Unit while Hat Pohchen President of War Center delivered speeches and greeted the audience.
She said that ‘Heart’ is associated with compassion, strong principles, strength of character and recognition of the good.
Bada said the Governor agrees with the KHADC Bill which is a Bill which prohibits cleanliness and protects against the infiltration of other ethnic groups. It is learned that he is now living in Kolkata but he does not have his own ancestry or village to own because the house where he lives has been owned by Bangladeshis.
India plans to send a man to the moon by
This is one of the most unique implementations taken by the government and we will be one of the few states in the country to introduce such an implementation,” he said.
Jowai: Police of Ummulong Beat House, West Jaintia Hills District have arrested 65 foreigners who had fled from Khliehriat by hiding in the body of a woman. The truck has the number AS 01-FC-3
“Reducing the cost of health care has been one of the priorities of our Government,” said Prime Minister Duh, adding that through Ayushman Bharat, about Rs 80,000 crore has been allocated. poor patients due to lack of treatment under this scheme.
Explaining about the voice mail, the Seng leaders admitted that the KTFA has tried to get information and has not received any evidence that there are those who speak in the voice mail.
Momin said that recently up to T.15,000 crore has been allocated for the upgradation of the Umroi-Silchar road from 2 lane to 4 lane which shows the commitment of the PM Modi government to public sector and economic development.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that these MEIDF projects are projects funded by the New Development Bank (NDB) under the Externally Aided Project (EAP).
Secretary of KSU-JHDU, Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO-Sengkmie, Bah T Rymbai President of FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle and Bah Lamsuk Langstang, President of HNYF-Eastern Region. They have discussed the demand of one party to dismiss Ma Welley Muksor on the grounds that he has worked for a long time in EJHD and is close to the people. decided to oppose the party's position completely.
Measures grounded in these experiences that also include water needs and supplies are recommended to curb the overexploitation of aquifers.
When asked about the subsidies provided by the UDP Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar, the Minister said that the program was launched last year. The Government has distributed pigs and cows to various farmers.
These laws should be implemented (more urgently) in every village or household without waiting for the rules and regulations of the government authorities so that we will not be left behind in the last days of old age.
At this meeting, Bah MM Thaiang informed the members of the Seng that the Labang-Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang (Block I) issue is not the issue of border crossing between Meghalaya and Assam, but the issue of reversing it. the area of ​​Mikir Hills (now Karbi Anglong) Assam, the area from which the Government of Assam separated and forcibly merged into the Mikir Hills (Karbi-Anglong) on ​​13th April 1951 for the sake of administration. (Assam) amidst the opposition of the residents of the Elaka, the Dolloi of Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang.
but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord” (Ephesians:6-4).
This goal led Langsning to take the lead which lasted until the end of the first half.
Ko Bah, my most important advice is to turn to the Lord, by surrendering your whole body and soul to God, because this is the best way for you to please God. and read from the Word of God (Mt 6:33, 34; Rom 12:1 etc.) Pray to God (2 Chron 7:14, Philippians 4:4 etc) and you will see miracles.
Ambernath played well from the start and opened the scoring through Arif Shaikh in the 22nd minute.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek today said that 31 people have been confirmed positive for corona virus in the state. One person is from East Khasi Hills District and one is a health official from Ribhoi District.
So far, the AAP has released the names of candidates for 39 constituencies in the state, along with the list of 10 candidates released earlier. released last year.
Shillong, June 01: According to the Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS 2016-17), 47% of the population in Meghalaya are smokers of Duma. compared to the national tobacco use rate of only 28.4%.
As the days went by, she seemed to get stronger and stronger.
(No.PER 222/72/32 Dated 16 June 1973) It is also important to mention and criticize here that in the last 50 years, the State has suffered many delays, corruption, discrimination and corruption. in relation to employment.
Reports said 50 civilians were killed along with Biari in a refugee camp in the Gaza Strip.
Many of the restaurants that used to sell illegally have already closed down while the raid is ongoing in the upper parts of the country.
The day of Pentecost also coincided with the Jewish festival of Shavout and according to Leviticus 23:16, the Jews counted fifty days from the day of the feast. Passover, and on the fiftieth day they held a shavout.
On the other hand, other groups such as political parties and various organizations should come forward to demand that the government should take a decision on when to implement the Roster System so that there will be order. and clear understanding.
The school has received a small amount of food per month and the school has provided lunch to all the children from Pre Primary to U.P. School.
The committee will be headed by the Second Chief Minister, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh and will be assisted by Bah HDR Lyngdoh, one of the Government Ministers. the Law and Home Departments.
Perhaps it will be a great joy for the government employees after the state government on November 20 announced that it will soon release the salaries of 55,000 government employees in the state.
U Pa Dalloi of Jowai District Wh.
Although these two teams have lost, they still have hope of playing well in the second semifinal.
They immediately said that you can collect the appointment letter tomorrow,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Nongstoiñ, March 17: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lyngngam Hynnengbrei Area Unit on Tuesday visited Shallang PHC after receiving a complaint from the residents of Shallang PHC. During the inspection, the union found that the PHC has been operating without a doctor for about 2 months.
Thus, the relationship between Teachers and Children, and Children themselves – will enable them to develop those unique skills.
Lajong's Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi scored in the 48th minute but W. Plaza turned Churchill around in the 51st minute and another in the 54th minute to make it 4-2
Because as of now, the area has no hope in terms of agriculture.
In the 2022-23 ISL season, East Bengal finished ninth.
The SLSC has been appointed as the Social Welfare Officer of the State.
In a statement sent by the Secretary of Sutnga Elaka, Bah Lappideris Pala, the Elaka in a meeting held on the 11th of October, reminded everyone that the Sutnga Elaka is prohibited from registering. or to establish land holdings for land including Umthe, Lum Lyndon, Moo Iong, Sha Pra, Sakwa, Tongsko, Bri Muliat Khaddum, Umsynrem, Umsngad, Kdait, Umsngad Tyrko, Wah Shympe, Salang Forest, Um Kboh, Latngiar, Bri Shyrmang, Sakhain Village Forest, Umtyra Forest, Nongsning and Lunar.
:The new Khasi film, 'Ka Juk Return', will be screened at Ramona Cinema Hall in Byrnihat from 25th to 30th October.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBFF) today sent a letter to the office of the Chief Minister, the Symbud Chief Minister and the Chairman of the Regional Committee of Jaintia Hills. the decision of the residents of this border area.
Regarding the residents who received the donation from the Unions of Rangbah Shnongs, they expressed their gratitude and special congratulations to all the Rangbah Shnongs who have had the courage to come forward to support or to They also gave their blessings to the Union to continue to stand firm in all the activities especially for the good of the village. Through the presence of these Rangbah Shnong, the community will continue to grow and develop in many ways.
The Government of India has forgiven them.
He said that in fact, the government in 2012, had discussed and decided to set up a Police Outpost in this area after the murder of a man in Sohra just because of the suspicion of menshohnoh and the The establishment of the Police Outpost will provide security to the public to have a close relationship with the police department to maintain peace and order in case of any incident and to curb crime.
This decision will affect the residents and school children, especially those with disabilities.
Nongstoiñ, July 14: A day after the Umwali Dorbar Shnong announced through the media, that the Dorbar Shnong Umwali strongly condemns the allegation by Kwistilda Lyngdoh Marshilong, that the Sordar Shnong and her team The woman said that she had shown documents and documents which proved that the house belonged to her.
“I'm going to Bhalang and I'm going to Mawlai Taxi Station.
However, Jesus was sad and wept for Jerusalem because he saw that all the hearts of the people on that day had no purpose because they did not know who had entered Jerusalem, they just praised him for doing miracles. but they knew not that he was the Messiah, the King of Israel.
The number of people at a rally can never translate into a vote," he added.
It is also impossible to count the sports fans as consumers.
The KHADC should not think that this Act alone is enough for the Jaidbynriew, but should have drafted an Anti-Miscegenation Bill to protect the marriage of Khasi without discrimination if they are women. or a man to get the blood of a strong race.
The Election Commission of India was also consulted.
(2021) and Shri Ram Reddy, MIDHANI,(2022);  The Best Paper Award was given to Mrityunjoy, Jalaj Kumar and Satyapal Singh of Hazra for their research on “Failure of locking wires of an aircraft component: Attributed Primarily to Over-twisting and Secondarily to Engine Vibration and Improper Material Selection," which was published in the Journal of Failure Analysis and Prevention 19 (2019): 890-902″ for the year 2019; of a captive power plant" by M Madan, K Raghavendra and M Sujata, published in the SFA News Letter, January 2021 for the year 2021 and "Jalaja, K., Sushant K. Manwatkar, Rohit Kumar Gupta , and SVS Narayana Murty for their contribution to the AA 7050 main landing gear brake reducer published in Engineering Failure Analysis 145 (2023): 107042. for the year
He recalled that after leaving the Congress party and joining the UDP and a year after becoming a member of the UDP, he applied for a ticket to contest the elections. I don't know how to ask, I'm a strong man, I've already asked, it's up to them whether they give it or not, I'm not smart enough to do it...” said Bah Khan. He said that once he has applied for a ticket, he does not want to take other paths of politics.
The mother of the two children has been taken to hospital for treatment.
In the complaint, Sanjay Bhati, Chief Managing Director of Bike Bot from Uttar Pradesh, along with 14 others, stole Rs 15,000 crore from various residents of the country.
The ambulance was donated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma through the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund CMSDF 2023-2
On Friday, Rakkam warned that the VPP is playing with a fire that will burn everyone.
The cause of her death was due to respiratory failure.
Jarain Sports Club has won the title by defeating PHE in the Open to All Knockout Football Tournament 2022 organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association. Stadium.
The decisions taken at the meeting have since been carried forward by various government departments and other stakeholder groups.
The Ahom chiefs valued this tree MAIDULI or MENJLI. OFFERING in English, means voluntary giving.
In this regard, Schlesinger quotes JS Mills (1863) as saying, “Better is the ignorance of Socrates than the ignorance of a fool; it is better to be foolish than to be rich in pigs.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday, while speaking to media, where he said that the state government is preparing to include some of the students. The Minister said that this has been done to ensure that the children and youth of the state are prepared if they need to sit for various examinations across India. .
He said the government has directed the Deputy Commissioners of the districts to convene a meeting to explain to the village officials to explain to the people to stop theft of fire.
During the programme, there was also a very beneficial discussion for the traditional healers.
This means that Rs 2000/ per day is the daily turnover of each and every vendor.
For a while I was surprised but when he explained I understood that he meant “Khon rympha”.
He said that the State has completed more than 4 lakh households in domestic water supply and by October 2024, the target is to complete 6 lakh households.
When we went to meet the family members of the child, we also went to inspect the transformer which is located in the middle of Mawkapiah village and which is not sufficiently covered. All this, it makes us as an organization that we cannot demand from MeECL to pay compensation to this child.
Out of the 2,217 cases, East Khasi Hills has 1,566 cases including 32 Armed Forces personnel and 1,534 civilians. There are 16 cases in Ri Bhoi district, 274 cases in West Jaintia Hills district, 30 cases in East Jaintia Hills district and 198 cases in West Garo district including 44 armed persons. forces and 154 civilians, 37 cases in South West Garo Hills, 10 cases in South Garo Hills, 14 cases in East Garo Hills and 24 cases in North Garo Hills.
Bah Dundee said that as the new leader of the FKJGP, he will set special goals to fight corruption which has destroyed the future of the youth and future generations.
From these captured trees, the oil was extracted to make perfumes and these were exported to Arab countries.
East Khasi Hills has 52 new cases, West Garo Hills 35, West Jaintia Hills 21 and Ribhoi District
The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on the 13th of this month visited Killing village in Jirang constituency, Ri Bhoi District. They have expressed their full support to the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency to be held on the 19th of this month.
My father reads the newspapers.
“According to the discussions in these days and so far, there is a sign of hope,” said Bah Lanong and added that as the indigenous parties have worked together in the KHADC to form the All Regional Party Alliance ( ARPA), it is expected that they will do the same in this MP election.
“Surprised Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, if this is the case, where is the goal to improve education in the state,” said the official, who did not want to be named.
Nongpoh, November 22: The KSU North Khasi Hills District (NHKD) has suspended the registration of Aadhar numbers at Umtyrnga village, Ri Bhoi District.
God foretold of Israel: “You are my sword and my weapons of war, with you I shall break in pieces the nations of the earth, and with you I shall destroy kingdoms. (Kingdom) …….
He said that how can it get adequate education and compared to Tura Government College he said that it is adequate according to its needs. In this way, it will also lead to the completion of schooling by the children.
On the first day, West Phi Oiñ FC will play against Sunset Valley FC at Kurkalang Stadium in Bhoirymbong.
The present wars are not to be compared with the one to come.
“According to a thorough investigation, it is suspected that the fire may have been caused by an electrical shock,” said the Minister. um and not rynjub.
The Medical Superintendent of NEIG HRIMS, Prof AC Phukan, said that the number of cases of Japanese disease has increased.
KSU Laskeiñ Circle President Jevelin Manner, Vice President Thrang Law, General Secretary Santification Hadem, Assist GS Shanmiki Hadem, Organizing Secretary Christopher Biam, Assist Organizing Secretary Shiningstar Iakai, Education Secretary Tammiki Manner, Assist.
The Secretary of Baikam Village, Kong Rihun Suchiang, said, “Our residents don't know about it.
In this era of Gandhi's powerful rule, the world and nature were destroyed.
The award was received by Apmon Pachiang, Waheh Shnong Moolamylliang from Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of PHE and others who were the chief guests at the 72nd Republic Day celebration in Khliehriat.
On the other hand, the DC in his speech as the chief guest praised the JMB for their good thinking at the same time praised the employees of JMB and urged them to continue to work hard.
Issues related to Meghalaya, RBI, Banking/Financial Sector, Indian Economy including G 20 were included in the information session.
Bah Latiplang also expressed his regret that these refugees once they have come to stay, they have been forced to return to their place of origin by setting an example in his constituency.
The statement also said that the Minister had received incorrect information that “the Chairperson has been absent from three out of four meetings of the Commission”.
There is also no doubt that Respondent No 14 will delay in carrying out his duties.
Therefore, when it appears like this, shall the public money be wasted like this, because it is understood that if it is in that form, many of the parts that have been painted with new colours, may be destroyed only later. some time.
He also thanked the Meghalaya Aids Control Society for taking the lead in this public awareness campaign in East Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the District Administration and the office of the District Medical Health Officer. Jaintia Hills District and other departments.
The food increased and after the distribution and the people had eaten enough, the food was still more than four hundred shekels.
The seats have become very crowded and there are no places to check the equipment and polling stations.
Shillong: All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leader Derek O Brien on Tuesday said that other parties do not raise issues related to Meghalaya in Parliament, but the TMC has try to do it as soon as possible to talk about the issues of this beautiful country state.
However, at the same time, the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal, has warned that if the electricity supply continues in these days, the time will come when the unit will be shut down. and Pung Umiam.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that he will join the Voice of the People Party (VPP) next month.
Furthermore, the speakers on this occasion expressed their full support to the two main issues raised by the Sur u Paidbah of South West Khasi Hills District. Ardent M.Basaiawmoit has decided to sit on strike on the demand of the MDA-2 Government to immediately amend the Reservation Policy in Meghalaya and another is to demand from the MLAs of Meghalaya. Mawkyrwat Constituency that they should not just look at this issue but if they have the responsibility they should say something so that it will benefit not only the youth of today but especially the youth of the future generation. too.
She said that the 108 Emergency Service which has been operating for six years in the state has helped to transport patients from the place where they are to the hospitals and it was in April, 2012 that two more vehicles were brought. Advance Life Saving to the department and this is only for the ISFT (Inter State Facility Transfer) from Shillong to Guwahati and Tura to Guwahati.
He said that if the people really want development, only the BJP can bring about development because it is the BJP in power in Delhi which means that development will flow directly to the state.
The Word of God says: “But Solomon built him an house: howbeit the Most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands; God – “Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool: what house will ye build me? or what place of rest have not my hands made? Acts 7:47-5
The island of Semakau attracts the world's wealthiest tourists.
On the same day, the drone will drop medicines to a place about 36 kilometers away at Pedaldoba which will take about 30 minutes.
“We hope that the NPP will fulfill its promise as it is now leading the government in the state,” said the president of HANM. It will hold a protest if the government listens but it does not want to announce it publicly.
I would like to discuss the idea of ​​relocating from one city to another and perhaps, if so, the group of ministers will visit Khliehriat, Nongstoin, Baghmara, Williamnagar and to other parts of the Districts.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the HYC Raid Nongtung Circle and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlasnai Unit, today held a special prayer program for the eradication of the COVID-19 pandemic. and how much more so that the state has also been affected and many people have suffered.
The driver of the Maruti died on the spot while another passenger, David Phawa of Mihmyntdu, sustained serious injuries and was rushed to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital for treatment. treatment.
Shillong, Naiwieng :The SRT, Shillong in a statement sent its condolences to all the families affected by the tragic incident which happened at Mukhroh, West. Jaintia Hills on the morning of the 22nd of this month.
“Thei, you forgot to buy sia juti and brut.” “Let's go and buy it again when we're done drinking,” said the son.
Deputy Commissioner, District Sports Officer Khroobok Passah and Norly Ryngkhlem handed over the souvenirs to these three men.
However, when it comes to the Khadar administration in this state, it cannot be said that the people have improved, but it shows that the minds of the people are still far behind.
During the meeting, the ADC said that this is just a fraud and exploitation by foreigners because they as those in charge of the district as a whole don't know anything about this scheme.
At the same time, Balen Thubru said that not only will they be suspended but a complaint will also be lodged against the owners and drivers of those trucks which spread the dead cows.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Paul said that many issues were discussed at the two-day meeting and some necessary decisions were taken.
Earlier, 13 MLAs had resigned including Pynshngain N Syiem from the Congress who joined the PDF, Rowel Lyngdoh, Prestone Tynsong, Sngiawbhalang Dhar, Ngaitlang Dhar from the Congress, Stephanson Mukhim and Hopeful Bamon of the UDP and Remington Pyngrope of the UDP have joined the NPP. Others are Sanbor Shullai of the NCP, AL Hek of the Congress, Justine Dkhar and Robinus Syngkon of the UDP. Shillong: Former BJP North Shillong leader Bah Keith Pariat and his leaders have joined the Congress party today. AICC General Secretary CP Joshi and MPCC President Dr Celestine Lyngdoh said this at a meeting held at the Congress office in Shillong.
The starting and finishing point of the race will be at the SSA Stadium, Polo Ground, Shillong.
And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the building of the wall of it was of pure gold.
This means that those who have joined the BJP because of corruption allegations will have to leave the BJP if another party or group comes to rule the country.
Three minutes later, Mukhla scored another goal through Remark Kharmalki in the 59th minute to secure the victory.
Speaking to reporters, Tynsong said that Zenith Sangma is not a member of the Regional Committee and he did not know anything about the inspection of the Regional Committee.
Where have Modi's government officials fled the country with billions of rupees, he asked.
Because of his dedication, he has opened up employment opportunities for his trainees in various automotive companies and factories in the state and abroad.
“As the party, before the election, we also came out to demand that the government should do something about it.
He said the current EC will look for about four or five sites and see which is more suitable for the establishment of the new office.
Police are investigating into the incident.
He said that special talents should be discovered and recognized.
The HNLC has been illegally registered since 16th November 2000 and has refused to take part in special celebrations such as Independence Day and even the days of The HNLC has also called on the people not to take part in the 2013 elections, but the people have gone to vote. up to 87.97percent.
If they send us back, the state government should fill the gap to ensure that we get our salary properly,” said Bah Defender.
“Let the law take the necessary action until the investigation is completed and we will see what should be done because the police are also doing this today through the law,” said the Symbud. Prime Minister.
This decision of the Dorbar Shnong has caused unhappiness to many of the youth who have just received their new votes and if they want to protest, it has caused a lot of criticism from the village leaders and many are afraid to go against the village. because it happens that you are excluded from society or you are expelled from the village.
On the part of Kong J.Marbaniang, one of the beneficiaries, she expressed her gratitude to the organization especially to the MLA of the area who has taken action in this regard. the difficulties they faced due to the destruction of their homes.
“Bah Brington Lyngdoh also took part in the discussion and brought along two dictionaries written by AS Shylla and Nissor Singh.
In fact, the president of the party should have understood after the talks but we don't know how much he understands our support and what has happened so far, said these people from the party. Society.
These fake flags, which were made to promote the Voice of the People Party (VPP), were found on the roof of the hospital, after the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) came into force. The reporter was walking in front of the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
On 8th November, the High Court has decided to allow the parties to meet as proposed by the state government and stated that the report of the meeting should be sent to the court on the day of announcement will be made at the beginning of next month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that although Bah DD Lapang MLA Nongpoh will retire from politics in the 2018 elections, he will not retire from politics. He will continue to be the President of the party in the state.
The words “man shall not live by bread alone” which Jesus spoke in the wilderness are true.
In the past few days, the Minister in a meeting with the Village Leaders of Ri Bhoi District, has confirmed and promised that the Government will not proceed with the establishment of casinos in any District if there is any opposition. from the public.
The program was first held in New Delhi in 2012 under the theme “Water, Energy and Food Security: Call for Solutions”.
In this regard, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that it is impossible to look at just one election but what needs to be understood is that every election has been held. They differ from one another and one state differs from another.
It is estimated that BSNL has an average age of 55 employees and through the reduction of 33,568 employees, it will have a savings capacity of T.13,895 crore for the next five years. that ban will come.
There was also a song by Bah David Lartang and his band.
When asked whether he supports the demand for the revision of the Reservation Policy, Bah AL Hek said, “If there are any good demands for the development of the state, I support them and the government should listen to them. that’s your claim.
If it happens to this extent, it will be a problem for the MBOSE and how will it fight against this problem.
Regarding the allegations that arose after the bomb blast in Williamnagar, the department said that the injured man was taken by a 108 from Williamnagar to Tura and after being treated. He was taken to NEIGRIHMS, Shillong for two days.
Khliehriat July 20: The condition of the road near the tunnel at Sonapyrdi is still posing a threat to the passengers. the stones are still there.
“We will have discussions when necessary, but the important thing is to stop the damage and crime, it is not the responsibility of the righteous,” he said.
Shillong: In a statement issued by a youth named Melajied Khongbuh from Nongtyngur village, he said that the agriculture of the residents of Raid Lyngkhat village has been damaged due to the There is a lot of smuggling of cows to Bangladesh through this area.
Shillong: The winners of the Meghalaya Kick Boxing Tournament held from 26th to 29th July 2021 at the Dayanand Bandodkar Stadium, Mapusa, Goa have been announced. WAKO India Seniors & Masters National Kickboxing Championship
The cooperation of families, village authorities, NGOs, youth organizations, women's organizations, community leaders, government authorities, government authorities, Various church groups and all, should join hands to eradicate this evil which includes the consumption of alcohol which has completely destroyed the society.
The purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the residents that they should not allow drugs to spread but should stand together against the use or trafficking of drugs.
Also present on the occasion were JF Kharshiing, MSOA President, Fantin J Lakadong, MDC Malki Laitumkhrah, Dr. E Kharkongor, Principal Shillong. College, Larina Nongpiur from Meghalaya AIDS Control Society and others.
Nehemiah 2:17.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Shillong Traffic Police in Shillong have conducted a search operation against overloaded vehicles and vehicles without proper documents.
The fish farming has been started since 2012-2013 by the Meghalaya State Aqua Mission (MSAM) and Bah David Kharwanlang as Fishery Officer has been in charge of this activities for these years.
“We are continuing to recruit members to the party.
The meeting was conducted by former JSU leader Rikut Pareiñ in the presence of former MLA Justine Dkhar, DSP Jason Mairom and Dr. Phervision Nongtdu. The members were confirmed by JSU Central Body President Jersom Shylla who urged the new office bearers to work hard to serve the people.
If you love them, warn and guide them and take them to the relevant authorities who can help them,” she urged.
She said the government should focus on measures to eradicate poverty.
If your mother is a Dkhar, your father is a Khasi.
However, in Arunachal Pradesh, the team finished third with 39 gold, 36 silver and 37 bronze medals.
Progress to set up a hospital in Amlarem In 1996-97, there was a plan to set up a CHC in Amlarem.
“How can we prove in front of this chief when his officers talk loudly, threaten with blood if he does not pay what they demand and also threaten to arrest the drivers.
Efty United XI SC Mynsoo, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 243/8 in 35 overs.
The Village Administration Bill, 2013 was introduced in the Dor by the EM in charge of the Elaka, Bah Lamphrang Blah and will be discussed on the 4th of November which is the last day of the Dor.
"It appears, therefore, that although it may be true that so far as the original Khasis are concerned, every Khasi must have a Jaid and he or she can take only the Jaid of his or her mother, this does not appear to be so in the case of some other tribes like the Wars, Lyngngams or Bhois.
However, to tell the truth, it is not clear how many people understand the meaning of corruption whether in the state or even in the country. Many times it is heard that the people from time to time talk about corruption whether in the villages, districts or even in the state or the country, but most of the talk has been just They don't understand the true meaning of corruption.
In fact, according to the Indian traffic laws, drivers must drive on the right, which means that drivers cannot turn on the left if they want to overtake other vehicles. street.
Shillong, July 30: “The Union of Residents of Phlangdiloin Area which includes 16 villages has requested the government authorities, the Home Ministry Road Transport & Highways and the KHADC to issue NOC for the implementation of the project. The two roads which have been tendered since 5th June 2014, one from Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah and the other from Wahkaji-Phlangdiloin-Ranikor, said the Chairman of the Union of Residents of Phalngdiloin. Area Bah C Lyngdoh in an interview with the media on Friday.
“There should be no confusion.
Speaking to reporters, Herculus Suting, said that it is encouraging that the health authorities have not taken action to send doctors to the PHC. There are more than 40 villages under the jurisdiction of this PHC, but this lack of attention by the health authorities, has caused problems to the people who rely on such PHCs. health care facilities are not provided by the government.
The committee also found that the illegal mining of coal continues to this day and then the smuggling of coal to this day.
Shillong, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Maoist rebel group has received weapons from the North East.
A special speech was also delivered by Dr RJ Nongrum, Member of the Counseling Cell, IQAC of the college on the topic of parental care and management of their children. also how to deal with any problems related to the education of their children.
Shillong: Congress MLA from Ranikor constituency Martin M Dango and his supporters will join the National People's Party (NPP) if the government grants Ranikor a Civil Sub-Division.
Last year, the Ministry of Home Affairs had revised the MRSSA-B 2020 and said that the establishment of facilitation centers or check gates under the Bill will affect the implementation of the MRSSA-B. Meghalaya which is the main road to other states.
Higher Secondary School which was established in 1959 and has its facilities such as laboratory, auditorium, appointment of Principal, fencing, bus school and others.
“I don't believe you at all... You have destroyed my daughter who is stupid and who is still studying and learning.
He said that if the UDP comes to power, it will distribute school books to children from poor families, set up special schools for special needs children and ensure that residential schools Schools will be closed soon.
There should be no Border Boundary Line Area Department and there should be no department and no Minister to take responsibility.
Set your goal to reach higher because you are the future of our state,” he said.
There will also be District Talent Committees to elect the leaders of each district for the state talent competition, where the people of the state will take part in selecting the winners. They will be recognized as Aspire Meghalaya Stars.
The Government has allocated Rs 50 crore for the construction of the new road and Rs 4 crore for the construction of the new Sub Division office.
The Green Economy Meghalaya is a project to conserve forests, for which the Council will provide financial assistance to farmers who protect forests.
SHILLONG: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Maweit Circle has expressed its concern over the deterioration of the Nongstoin-Maweit road and the broken bridges, which has endangered the traffic.
He said that the festival is to showcase the traditional dances, Khasi songs and siaw, the exhibition of soh ki pai, doh thad tyrkhong, Khasi crafts, various foods. and the famous blood donation from Laitlyngkot will be exhibited and sold during these three days and other exhibitions.
It was also confirmed that the party's desire to appoint Conrad Sangma as CEM could not succeed because although it has to get the approval from the state government to approve through the DCA, the party is the closest. and the BJP, where Purno A Sangma MP Tura is also a member of the party, has expressed confidence that the Governor will approve the name of Conrad.
The Block Development Officer, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, has been directed to ensure compliance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
Dr. Ricky Syngkon started the registration process from the party office in Nongkrem accompanied by leaders and supporters.
Shillong, March 28 : Ka Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep on Tuesday said that they don't want to lay the foundation stone for their children and heritage. The government has strongly opposed the government's plan to set up a casino in Ri Bhoi District.
Elon Musk is the richest man in the world today.
Speaking to reporters, the residents and shopkeepers who live adjacent to this road, said that the road has been very busy especially when it rains, not just to walk or jam from one place. On the other hand, they said that on the part of those contractors, they should build this work faster so that it will not interfere with the traffic and to do it immediately, in the repairs. , that it may not be too difficult for the people to walk and stand.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has imposed a curfew from midnight on the 26th of this month and will end at midnight on the 29th of this month. part of Shillong and surrounding villages.
He said that the people no longer trust these ruling parties which are all in the government.
“Because of the visit of Union Home Minister Amit Shah to Shillong and the need to have a face-to-face meeting with him to clarify the resolution of the ILP and MRSSA Amendment Bill 2020, we have decided to have a meeting. you are not protesting.
He is the leader of FCBU in the BDFA Super Division League, where the team won the title in 2020-21 and 2021-22 by beating Bengaluru FC. Under his coaching, the club reached the semi-finals of the Durand Cup last year.
The meaning of Thyatira means continuous sacrifice.
Finally, he said that he is ready to join the JYF at any time when the party needs him as a spokesperson.
There are many methods used by the scientist to find out the relationship between one plant and another, but we cannot explain them in this book which we have written especially for the farmer.
Mukul was speaking to reporters after the launch of the Meghalaya Landlords Regulation Bill at the Secretariat.
A detailed study of the causes of the untimely death of Rev. Thomas Jones, found that the main cause was the delay of the French Government authorities from Calcutta to dismiss him. Captain Harry Inglis was arrested on the recommendation of Mr. I. Dunbar.
The KSU Nongtyngur Unit has taken a step to improve and improve the bridge as part of the prevention of the destruction and defacement of the bridge. also the close friendships with the mother-in-law.
Therefore, the union is against this and will not allow these recognitions to work and the union will not hesitate to take other measures if the recognition of these refugees through the authorities of the state. will succeed, he said.
It is unnecessary to subordinate urban areas within 10 kilometers of the Municipal,” said Bah Mawthoh while taking part in a debate in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Executive Member of JHADC Ma Thombor Shiwat, Chairman of JHADC Dr Sankey Shangpung, MDCs of JHADC, members of office bearers of WJDSA, Waheh Shnongs, Shnongs, Village Authorities, NPP leaders from the district and others.
Referring to the match between Srikanth & Feng, Feng came to the forefront in the first match despite being able to escape from the block when Srikanth opened the scoring. first to win chess 2-0; Before Feng managed to regain the victory with three goals, he scored along with many unforced errors made by Kidambi in the match.
Discipline is a humble obedience from the heart and a willingness.
The song was recorded at Tea Garden, Upper Shillong & Lapynhun Park, Sohiong.
After being arrested, the peon led the police to the place where the stolen items were kept and these items were recovered from Laitkor under his leadership.
His body was taken to the residence of Lad-Sutnga, Lad-Dkhiah East, Khliehriat.
When the investigation by the police chiefs reveals that there has been a misconduct by the AIG, no action should be taken against the case and it should be handed over to another high level committee.
In West Garo Hills, there are 9 cases and all of them are members of the Armed Forces.
He said that this program was held as part of the recognition of each other as members of the tribe and to encourage the youth to progress in their studies at various levels.
In the past few days, the President of AHAM has warned that while the Governor's Residence, the Additional Secretariat, the Legislative Assembly for the rainy season, the residence of the MLAs, the Joint Directorates and the offices have been destroyed. They are in Shillong, they are not in Tura; their protest will continue and they will intensify.
c) that they should cleanse themselves before entering the house after returning from the fields.
The Government of Meghalaya has set a target of planting about 10 million trees in 2019 according to the statement of the Chief Minister.
Let us try to draw a picture of this group of slaves that we read about in the book of Exodus. , farmers and shepherds (ii) singers, tyngshops, purons and physical therapists (iii) scholars, intellectuals, writers, teachers, prophets, (iv) children, youth, women, men, parents and the elderly, the elderly and includes livestock, property and furniture such as money, clothes and other items related to culture or custom.
In this regard, the Dorbar Elaka Nongjngi urges the CEM to complete the election of Doloi as soon as possible within these 40 days, otherwise the Dorbar will take another path. tyngeh, concluded the statement.
Just as there is a right for drug dealers in various shops, drug dealers have the same right in this market.
The meeting was attended by Bah CSyrti, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Khanapara Police Station and many Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
The youth and village leaders of Kudengrim since last year in November have spread the news through social media about the beauty of the place and it has attracted many people to visit the village; On the other hand, Conrad praised and encouraged that this is a way to spread the availability of sports grounds to the world.
“We have already divided the governance system in the state, so that we can improve and resolve such issues, from the villages to the state as a whole.
After this, he took his son to a stream near the village on the border of Mihmyntdu Khliehtyrshi Jowai Bypass.
It is also worth mentioning that the influx of foreigners to work as workers in the construction of new houses or in various construction projects has spread not only in the District, but in the whole of Ri Lum Khasi. One and on top of all this, the witnesses are that in every place where there are large buildings, whether houses or other types of buildings, it has been seen that many of the employees in such buildings They are foreigners and it is difficult to see that there are Khasi workers.
Shillong, Lber 30: Despite the preparations for the celebration of the holy day of Easter, the Catholic faithful on Saturday buried Sr.
In his speech, the NPP candidate urged the people of Jirang constituency not to believe or be deceived by those candidates, who have come to deceive them with these things and who have promised to deliver them. He urged the people to give their strong support to the NPP and that he will become an MLA again, so that he can bring more and more. development works for the Jirang constituency as a whole.
However, the MPCC has not yet taken any decision on the resignation letters of these four MDCs. “We have received the resignation letters of the MDCs submitted by Bah PN Syiem.
Kyrpanglang Mawlong scored the second goal for Krang SC in the 49th minute and Kynjohbor Thangmaw in the 59th minute.
Shillong: The Principal of Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai, Shillong, has sent a reply to the Principal of Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai, who has allowed the students to perform a song on the occasion of Teacher's Day. on November 5, 2023.
In West Jaintia Hills District, 42 cases have been confirmed out of which 9 cases have been confirmed and 33 cases have recovered and no deaths.
It was at that time that God revealed the hands of men and the signs written on the wall of King Belshazzar's palace.
The competition will start at 4 pm, said the Secretary, Public Relations of FSS RL Sohlya in a statement sent on Monday.
The truth is that those who have JCBs are ministers or election winners who build roads, football fields or foundation houses only to win elections.
At the recently concluded dorbar, Dr Laloo said the government has not received any suggestion from the people on the Education Policy so far.
However, do the leaders of this generation have the same selflessness and genuine work for the people?
Shillong, Jymmang: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Sohra Civil Sub-Division, today informed the ration consumers of the Division that the ration has been distributed to all the ration shops recognized by the government.
The weather conditions made the game more favorable, and Umïam Eagles were able to bowl well by taking down the wickets of Nokrek.
So far, only three players have scored more goals than Just Fontaine, although the Reims player has appeared in only one league and played in only seven games.
They demanded that BSNL should implement it within six months so that the mobile users can easily complete their duties.
Ravi Shankar Prasad today visited Patna after being announced as the candidate for the Patna Sahib constituency formerly led by Shatrughan Sinha. While on his way to the city, the Minister of India was thrown flags by BJP supporters and this sparked a clash among BJP workers near the airport in Patna, the report said.
From what was found in the river, it was seen that all the garbage in the river was caused by the improper disposal of the people, which is not known whether those people who live in the villages near the river or from the spread of the disease by the tourists.
From Dhaka, they were taken in groups by vehicle to an unknown place on the India-Bangladesh border. They entered India on foot and upon arrival in India, they were taken. and then they drove to Silchar and then took buses to Guwahati.
Referring to the Home (Jail) Department, Bah Sniawbha said that he has not yet met with the officers of the Department.
“If they refuse to provide land, we will order them to move their office to New Shillong or another place because we cannot change the route of the Shillong-Dawki road,” he said. said Preston.
The match between YC Pdengkarong and Amlarem Social Club ended in a 1-1 draw in the Super Division Football League organized by the Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA) at the Mini Stadium Ladjaplem, Amlarem on Monday.
Before receiving the special blessing of the Blessed Sacrament of the altar by Father Ferdinand Dkhar, Father Kitbok Mylliem Umdang gave a keynote address and concluded with the blessing by Father Ferdinand Dkhar. the Holy Sacrament of the Holy Spirit.
About 100 grams of rice contains about 14.5 grams of fiber.
We thought how to do this and went to the secretariat but they didn't listen.
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that the meeting was convened so that the MLAs could express their concerns.
If we lose this Indoor Stadium in Laitdiengwah it will be a loss of hundreds of crores and especially to the youth of our state.
He also congratulated the college authorities who have decided to implement the FYUP scheme.
The award ceremony was held at the State Central Library, Shillong on Friday.
"Rida, come here, son..." called Bah Jop, her father. Rida came and stood in front of her father who was sitting alone on the balcony.
She urged all the booksellers to treat the books as they should be, not to just cover them with false books.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Election Officer Kaling Tayeng said the money was seized on Tuesday night, but he could not provide details. and the Superintendent of Police of East Siang District, were present at Modi's public rally in Pasighat.
The KSU leader urged these youths who have joined the KSU to work hard for the cause of the jaidbynriew and not to join the party for personal gain. .
The CORP has given 20 days to the PWD department to repair and improve the road and urged the two MLAs of Umroi and Mawhati constituencies to take action for the improvement of the road from Bhoirymbong to Bhoirymbong. “If they don't do it, the party will think of other ways,” said Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, president of CORP. Eastern Zone.
Those households who do not have a Ration Card or who have lost their AAY, PHH Card but whose names are not on the List issued by the office to the Fair Price Shop Dealer cannot receive the ration. to them.
He said the responsibility for the resignation of the MDCs should go to the state government which has sent them to resign.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Four families have been destroyed in Mawlong-Mawtari and Umsawli villages. They have refused to move into a poor house in Nongmensong proposed by the government after their houses were demolished by the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in recent days.
The meeting was attended by members and leaders of JHTOA including President Nidamon Shullet, Vice President Pyrkhat Shylla, General Secretary Enrico D Pasi and others. JJA was led by CH Passah President, Russell Nongrum Secretary, Finance Secretary Ruhi Phawa and members of the JJA.
Referring to the political situation in Jaintia Hills, he said that politics in Jaintia Hills is different from other places.
The Special Task Force set up to look into the ILP will continue to conduct raids across the region according to the information received. the Deputy Commissioner of Kohima.
He said the government will do its best but has not yet taken any decision on how to do it.
I am afraid that people will think of political gain in relation to the border demarcation and Them Motor so I urge them not to do that,” said Prestone.
However, the problem is that many of the commercial vehicles charge high fares and forget to follow the rules and regulations directed by the government to reduce their capacity so that there will be peace between them. passengers, and what is more surprising is that there are also drivers who send passengers on foot to police stations or checking points.
To support this move, led by the FKJGP, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mawhati Area, have confirmed this demand and urged the government, especially the Nongmihkhmat of Mawhati to They should take action in the discussions for the implementation of the C&RD Block in Mawhati Constituency.
After the meeting with the CEM, the party said that this discrimination against the Jaitbynriew is against the Riti kheiñ jait of the Jaitbynriew which should have only one Ïawbei per person. type.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the arrested persons, who did not want to be named, said that they were arrested by the Nongmensong Police Station on the grounds that they violated the lockdown. to demand food from Bah AL Hek who is also their MLA on 26th June
At Motipur CHC, 7,400 RATs have been distributed, but 8,325 people have been tested and at Muraul CHC, 7,875 RATs have been tested, while 8,325 people have been tested.
Italy have qualified for the Euro Cup for the first time in five years.
He said that the land between the Polo Towers and the Majestic Hotel, which has been left unused, will be handed over to the Urban Department of the Forest Department and converted into a land. park the car.
The husband, who was holding the three-month-old child, managed to climb out of the pond, but the eldest child drowned.
If anyone is killed or injured, the police department is responsible.
“I will call the officers on the first day and I will look into this scheme so that the money can be released to those employees who are entitled to receive this money,” said Bah Sanbor. the media.
The Government of Meghalaya has struggled to improve the quality of education in the state.
After the examination, attempts were made to inquire about the health of the woman but the doctors could not explain anything.
These four projects are the Integrated Command, Control Center (ICCC), Smart Elements and Retrofitting, including the improvement of three parking lots in Shillong, the construction of the Commercial Complex in Polo and other improvements. Laitumkhrah Municipal Market.
(2) DAI:-Different types of dai are rich in protein, in fact they are the leading sources of this nutrient.
A man has been arrested in connection with an arson incident which damaged four two-wheelers in Jhalupra, Shillong.
This book also testifies to the spirit of service and dedication of the contributors who are researchers and writers.
Public money cannot be treated as private money to be spent at will.
The match between Sumer Veteran FC and Evergreen SC Nongjri ended in a tie breaker where Sumer Veteran FC won 5-4 goals against Evergreen SC Nongjri.
Frightened, the woman listened for two or three days, but her soul could not bear it, so she told her husband.
It is to be recalled that the CM, in November last year, had illegally registered the PFI under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
He said that in Meghalaya, the people elect the candidate they love and not just the party.
According to sources, the victims were identified as Kong Berlin Shylla, 43, and one of them was her daughter-in-law. The victim was identified as Ebiangmi Shylla, 17 years old.
The Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) have destroyed 130 Hamas camps in the Gaza Strip and it is understood that the destruction of these camps is the main objective of the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF). Israel, because Hamas is fighting, has hidden itself in these caves.
When I say this, I mean that my right is not to violate the rights of others or to obtain my rights by depriving others of their rights.
The first goal was scored by Banshan who had to fight only with Frolicson Dkhar who saved his goal and lifted the ball to Banshan. Banshan scored the first goal of the match.
Besides, the two organizations also said that many of these students who contested for this examination have spent their time and energy in their studies as well as financial resources to prepare for the examination. Therefore, in order to maintain fairness and provide equal opportunities for all students, it is need to re-conduct this NEET exam and correct these wrongdoings.
Lajong will return home to prepare for their match against Real Kashmir on Tuesday, October 13 at 7 pm at the SSA Stadium-Polo, Shillong.
The Director urged the Association to meet with these SDESEOs to expedite their financial requirements to pay these arrear DAs. It was reported that nothing has been said, as the case is now under the jurisdiction of the court.
“We demand that the state government should not relocate this division and if the government wants to move the department to this block it should upgrade the Shangpung Sub Division and not relocate the one in Jowai for the benefit of the people. The contract with the public health department,” said the Waheh Shnong of Ladthadlaboh.
The Maweit road which has supported especially the city of Nongstoiñ and the district as a whole.
The number of MLAs as announced by the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya as of July 2022 is 20,81,5 .
After the meeting , HANM West Khasi Hills also met with the CEM of KHADC on the same issue but their visit was to demand that the SARDP project to build a road should not be KHADC has not yet issued NOC to Mawthabah and should issue NOC to the 2 lane road from Nongstoin to Phlangdiloin-Umdohlun to Ranikor. to Maweit and should not go to Mawthabah due to the opposition of the people.
There are 47 teachers selected this year.
The tournament will start from 14th to 15th July
In the midst of a deep sleep, At midnight; Before the sun rises, The stars shine, In the dark night.
““In fact, we should have strengthened the party but we have been struggling to strengthen it until the people have been confused.
There are 6 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, including 5 civilians and one BSF soldier. The total number of recoveries so far is 491 cases including 187 BSF personnel and 243 civilians. In Ri Bhoi, 70 cases, 17 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 19 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 29 cases in West Garo Hills and 2 cases in South West Garo Hills.
When asked, Conrad said, “There are many ways to help the farmers.
So far, the NPP has nominated Pyniaid Sing Syiem as its candidate and the Congress has nominated Highland Kharmalki for the mid-term election in Mawrynkneng constituency.
The District and Session Judge East Jaintia Hills, after the hearing, found him guilty of these offenses and sentenced him to 10 years imprisonment with a fine of T.10,0 - tyngka under Section 326 IPC and 10 years imprisonment and a fine of 20,000/- tyngka under Section 307 IPC.
All these organizations have expressed their strong opposition to this and complained that the lockdown is meaningless because if 30 factories in one factory means 900 factories per day, trucks will come and This puts at risk and there is no point in the lockdown to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the state.
Other speakers included Lammi Syad, PS Phawa, PS Phawa.
Kejriwal also wrote a letter to Commerce and Industries Minister Piyush Goyal requesting him to look into the matter immediately. Similarly, those in Haridwar and those who were supposed to return to Nagaon in Assam, also tested positive.
Those who are still lacking in thinking, money, equipment, forty kinds of propaganda will still be deceived by the candidate's people especially his internal agents.
This is the second time that this meeting has been held with all the stakeholders, including the village leaders, civil society and others to express to them, the measures taken by the government. to be able to resolve the border issue in the state.
The purpose of the tournament is to contribute to the development of football in the country.
Manchester City have moved closer to winning the title after beating Real Madrid and reaching the Champions League final for the second time.
Four people have died of the virus, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1533 and 234 new cases on Tuesday.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his satisfaction that he has been able to fulfill the promise to Mawlai Kyntonmassar to donate Rs 10 lakh and also the equipment.
As part of the programme, Prof H.Kayang gave a speech on the issue that many of the poor farmers who come from the low society do not have enough knowledge about the farmers. new methods of farming that can bring or produce higher yields.
“He said that the money given to the two contractors including Rodeka Enterprise and Bah A.Lyngdoh is only the running bill and the work is still pending. The Meghalaya High Court has suspended the case against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Malki FC are in fourth place with 4 points, equal to Langsning FC but different in goals.
The All Meghalaya Muay Thai Association under the leadership of Bah Samuel Hashah, President on 2nd November 2022, honored these four players in a meeting with the media. news at Shillong Press Club.
Then you can try these tips on how to treat yourself at home for getting white and clean teeth.
In Ranikor, the chief guest was Bah Pius Marwein and four groups paraded at Nolikata Square, Ranikor.
D.F.Majaw (PHF) Charter Member, Rtn.
Yarraji, 23, won the gold medal for India after finishing in 13.09 seconds to win the 100m hurdles, while the silver and bronze medals were won by Japan's Terada Asuka (13.13s) and Aoki Masumi (13.26s) won the second prize at the Supachalasai Stadium.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, today informed that the residents of Jowai, can hoist the flag of the country, in their homes or at their workplaces. from 15th April 2016.
Arise, and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not: but utterly destroy the men, and the women, and the little ones, and the oxen, and the sheep, and the oxen, and the asses. …….
(1Cor.13:4-7).
These teams include Sainik School which won HK Singh Memorial SS in the first match and others include Nagaland, BSE, Tripura, NVS, Haryana, Jharkhand, KVS, Madhya Pradesh, J&K, Manipur, Bangladesh, Bihar, NCC and Chhattisgarh.
On Friday, Imson FC will face Nongrah SC at 11:30 pm, while Sohiong SC will face Jongksha SC at 2:15 pm. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Captain Williamson Sangma, on the occasion of the 5th Anniversary of Meghalaya, said that this house has been memorable in many ways.
The leaders of the group planned to protest in front of the Additional Secretariat on the morning of 29th July 2022, but they said that due to the harassment by the police, they decided to protest. They left the Secretariat to sit in front of Mbose.
With this victory, Lion SC qualified for the quarter final as the Top Team and Mooknor Thadmuthlong as the 2nd Top Team.
However, the Government of India has protected the farmers of the country from the increase in fertilizer prices by increasing the subsidy for fertilizers.
On this occasion, Bah Titosstarwel promised to build the Laitlyngkot Dorbar Hall where he will also erect a monument to Bah Bring.
On the other hand, the MSCSO has urged the public to be clean not only in their homes but also to have a responsibility to keep clean in the surrounding areas.
"concluded the party leaders.
In July 2008, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, MLA of Nongkrem, visited Jaduguda in Jharkhand to explore, explore and see with his own eyes how the uranium mining is going on there.
This pleased him and also the country, although it did not show it, the country had its character as a noble young woman.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen him to inform via Mobile Phone:
On Prestone's request to the VPP not to do politics on the relocation of families from the Metor area, Nongrum said; “I would like to remind you that the VPP will not mislead the people of the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his pleasure to be with the youth to witness the football match and said that when the youth call him, he will to join them in these kinds of programs which will develop the youth not only in Mawkarah but in the Eastern West as a whole.
Prestone said, “If we go to Delhi, we need to learn to speak Hindi and this is not to make us feel different, but we need to be able to speak Hindi. take Hindi subject up to class X"
Sanku Das, 57, of RR Colony, Shillong, was admitted to Woodland Hospital on April
In the past few days, the EM in charge of the Taxation Department, Wining Garland Sungoh, has held a meeting with the heads of the dewbilat factories to request them to pay the professional tax so that it will be a source of income. but the Council employees went on strike and the offices were closed.
She received this award at the Fifth Meghalaya Poetry Competition,
Therefore, the Israeli leader said that Israel will never stop fighting and no one should challenge Israel's decision regarding the the war because no one can stop it.
These birds are endangered according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List of Threatened Species.
Shillong: The Federation of New States (FNN) today held a protest at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi to demand their own state.
To further convince us of the operation of these machines, the CEO gave an example by saying, “If the plane we are flying crashes, it doesn't mean that we won't fly anymore or we will use horse cars again. ancient".
He also urged the party workers to increase the registration process across the country.
Messi, 35, plays alone, accompanied by his trainer, the report said.
Environment is one of the most important factors in human life.
It is the duty of all the state governments in the country to take care of all the citizens, without discrimination, and the people should not be misunderstood.
“You came... Why didn't you come, didn't you?
I don't agree with the statement of the TMC leaders,” Conrad said.
On the other hand, the President of the HNYF, Bah Sadon K.Blah, said that the informal talks have been held so far including the final talks. and the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that these meetings are to pave the way for a full dialogue.
Thus, the Khasi-Pnars who are not Christians are called Hindus.
They also said that the director's ability to direct the film in the form of a fairy tale with some factual events is commendable and encouraging.
The AITC leader also promised to provide support to the women through this scheme and handed over to the office bearer to ensure that the scheme will reach all the households in the state.
This month, the trophy was also displayed in Guwahati, and the Durand Cup organizers have decided to bring the trophy to Shillong.
Ahead of the state assembly elections in Haryana, Rs 1.30 crore was seized from a vehicle in Gurgaon on Friday night, reports said.
Shillong, March 14: An earthquake measuring 3.6 on the Richter scale struck Shillong at 4:13 pm this evening, according to the Meteorological Department. It is located in the East Khasi Hills.
You prepare for this exam by the same method as you prepare for matric, that is, by a time table.
The meeting will be held tomorrow at the MDC Hostel at 11 am.
He said that Bah Gabriel Wahlang did not win the mid-term elections from Nongstoiñ, but he has worked hard since then until now. The MPCC and the government are with him and if the people give their votes a little more than the mid-term elections, Gabriel Wahlang will win.
An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale shook parts of Assam, Tripura, Mizoram and Meghalaya.
On this occasion, there was also a declamation contest in which youths from different parts of the district took part.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 24: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) together with the Union of Village Youth Organizations (SSSS), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKGJP) South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram Block have held a rally to protest against the burning of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) at Mawkyrwat Market.
The Under-17 girls' team of the state has fallen into Pool-G, which includes Goa, Uttrakhand and KVS. Tripura, while Meghalaya's Under-17 girls will start their tour on the 20th, against Goa, on the 21st and 23rd against KVS and Uttarkhand.
These 479 cases have been confirmed on 30th June
Therefore, the KSU Mawlai Circle urges those teams who wish to take part in the tournament to collect their forms as soon as possible so that they can take part in the tournament.
However, the people of Khasi Jaintia are still reluctant to support such parties.
To separate the two teams, the match was taken to a tie breaker where Shangpung Khliehmuchut scored five goals while Mukhla scored three goals to qualify for the semifinals.
S.Suchen, Vice President, Satly Ryngkhlem, General Secretary, Kwilnis Suchiang, Assistant General Secretary, Pynshaikupar Dkhar, Finance Secretary, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Assistant Finance Secretary, Cherity Suja and Khihlang Shylla, , Organizing Secretary, Deiniwan Lyngdoh, Assistant Organizing Secretary, Olenbat Pdang, Chibait Rymbai and Donbok Mukhim, Education Secretary, Emmon Chyrmang, Assistant Education Secretary, Santoba Bamon, Benito Suja, Publicity Secretary, Meshak Kyndoh, Office Secretary, Jovelity Dkhar and Kyrshan Dkhar, Phanuel Tongper and others.
Nongpoh, Nailar 11: After the success of the football tournament organized by the United Democratic Party Youth Wing, Mawlong Sub-Circle, 32 teams for men and 8 teams for women came to take part in the football tournament. The tournament has come to an end after the final match and closing ceremony today at the Umlakhar Village Stadium.
Speaking at the meeting, Mondal briefly explained the efforts of the state to generate electricity from other sources and the challenges faced by the state in trying to do so.
He also urged the leaders to donate dustbins to the villages and villages and also to provide proper garbage dumps so that it will not affect the health of the people. life is not like a day.
Only after this season, the brain was relieved that the lapbah lapsan had passed.
