They are Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, 39, of Iawmusiang, Jowai and Samir Jolly, 44, of Noida, UP. He is scheduled to leave for Sylhet, Bangladesh to meet with HNLC leaders today.
Shillong: The Nongkhlaw Hima will celebrate the 184th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem on the 17th November 2019 at Mairang.
“In 2011, a request was sent to the DONER to build the road from Weiloi to Mawkyrwat and the DONER has accepted this. 45 road construction projects including schemes from 2008 to 2012,” said Bah Rowell.
Therefore, they cannot send them to other hospitals which are cleaner and have more beds, because to put the patients on the balcony, it is impossible because they need adequate beds.
However, some aircraft have been diverted to other airports that are safer to operate and carry passengers.
You don't have the money, you don't have the money.
Shillong: The HSPDP candidate from Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Martle Mukhim, on Tuesday said that he is at the right age to serve the country and the nation.
Speaking on the occasion, Rishotskhembor Kharbani, General Secretary of the KSU WKHD Unit, said that the KSU has met with many Chief Ministers in the past years. The Education Minister with petitions that cannot be resolved on the demand for the appointment of sanction posts and the demand for a Government College in the District.
This scent appears only if you put them in a container without a lid.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. (Miss) C.Lamin, Medical and Health Officer Incharge.
Lambormi Suchen, Skill Development Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, said that this training is part of the Skill Mission which aims to provide training to 100,000 residents in the next three years. year.
It is a wonderful thing to know that what I have been dreaming of now all these years will come true.
It is to be recalled that since the independence of the state, the state government has not been able to fully implement the Indian Forest Act, Indian Police Service Act and Indian Administrative Service Act. They are still under the jurisdiction of the Assam government.
The celebration was held at Nightingale House, Shillong.
He said that as an MDC, he sees that there is no sign of upgrading the existing PHCs even though the current MLA is in the government.
He expressed his gratitude to the nurses of the state who have been able to do their job well, especially during the spread of COVID-1
After 1945 the Israelites returned until 1948 AD when the UN declared on 14 May 1948 AD that Israel is an independent country to return to the land of their ancestors.
After the news of his death, many expressed their sorrow over the loss of one of the singers who was at the same time a talented dancer and who inspired other groups. sing.
Shella village is the place where the Garo come.
The main objective of the film festival is to promote this industry in the state which is still very scarce.
Police did this in the presence of the Waheh Shnongs of Sapiang, Mowlaiñ, Mowjem, Secretary and Executive Members of these Dorbar Shnongs.
ng.
It is learned that SO Bamon was elected as Rangbah Balang in 1990, but only a few years later on 28.12.1997 he was elected Tymmen Basan.
Earlier, the union had lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner and SDO, but they did not take any action.
When asked how he spends his time writing these books, Rangbah Romeo said, “I spend my time writing by writing only in capital letters because I don't know the lowercase letters.
New Delhi: Police in Patiala today arrested a group of robbers who stole money from Patiala MP Preneet Kaur and other wealthy people. , they know them well and they are not worried about the deposit of lakhs of rupees, but they have handed over to their own employees to do all the work.
Meanwhile, the president of the HYC Mawlasnai unit, Bah Pynshailang Rymbai said that not less than T.1 crore has been allocated from MGNREGS to the VEC since 2010-2016 but the works have not been completed yet. now.
'Light After Dark' is a band of four blind youths, founded in
According to the order, the Deputy Commissioner said that the Committee will inspect within 40 days the land occupied by the land owners in the Motphran area, from GS Road to the District Council. Umsohsun to Motphran, Motphran to Anjalee, Motphran, Motphran to Mission Compound, YMCA Point to Motphran.
In another development, Bharatsinh Solanki, one of the Congress leaders, tested positive for the coronavirus in July this year, but has not yet recovered. He was admitted to Vadodara Hospital for 50 days.
A farmer from Sasoni village, Rakesh Borah, said that after the village learned that the AASU intends to go to Delhi to appeal to the High Court, the people especially the farmers “So far, the village has collected about 45,000 kg from about 75 villages under Sasoni Mauza. There are about 50,000 residents and there are still about 10 villages to contribute on this issue,” he added.
“I express my regret over the news that several banks have opened their offices today, July 22, which is a public holiday in memory of (L) Thomas Jones. who was the father of the Khasi language and the introducer of the characters.
These youngsters are still playing football from Mawshbuit.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, the judge of the village, the elderly man, started playing all the nine skits, as a sign of the beginning of the preparations for the Shad Suk Mynsiem. year.
Whether it is in society, humanity, religion, dress, or the nation as a whole.
However, Seven Brothers FC's failure to score in the 46th minute through Khongiong encouraged the entire team.
“Based on the report of the Commission of Justice T.Vaiphei, we demand that the government should immediately hand over the investigation to the CBI so that all those involved in the shooting death of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew will be exposed. “According to the report of the Commission, if the intention is to arrest a person but the manner of doing so does not match, it is very sad.
On the other hand, Bah Pala expressed his confidence that the people of Meghalaya will think again because of the failure of the NPP-led MDA government. They will think twice from this MP Lok Sabha election.
SEAFOOD:— Seafood such as seaweeds, tuna, salmon, shrimp and sardines are rich in iodine.
Drug abuse alienates a person from family, friends and society, inability to get close to others causes a person to become depressed and this gradually leads to depression.3.
Furthermore, the District Transport Officer (DTO) will be approached to urge all tourist taxis to install small garbage dumps inside their vehicles.
The Dolloi took the seal of the kynthiar and placed it on the throne and handed it over to the Langdoh of Ri Blai.
He also expressed his desire to have footpaths in all the valleys in the district.
Jowai, Nailur 10: Jaintia Hills District is in danger in terms of land, as it falls under the British Territory according to the Notification 1982, said Bah PN Syiem, CEM, KHADC. This was held on Saturday at Tpep Pale Hall, Jowai.
Regarding the service, at 10:30 pm, the message of the preaching of the Word of God was delivered by Rev.KB Snaitang and was encouraged by the songs from the Laitryngew Children's Church.
In this match, no one has scored.
Nongpoh: U Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, on Tuesday said that as soon as he learned that Manason Doloi, Sordar Warmawsaw, had been abducted by suspected robbers from Assam, he took action to inform the Minister of Home Affairs and the DGP. Meghalaya, to take action in the search for Sordar Warmawsaw, who was abducted last night.
The arrested prisoner was identified as Shiningstar Pala (20) of Wahiajer village who was arrested by the police for allegedly stealing mobile handsets from a mobile shop in Ummulong. .
Stating that Mukul Sangma is in the fray this time after changing his name, Shah said, “Earlier they were in the Congress party and now he is in TMC.Just look at West Bengal, the condition there is even worse than Meghalaya.
The Election Commission has issued a directive on 29th June, 2023 to all States to complete the list of voters and the counting will start from 1st July,
C Kharkongngor, Secretary, Urban Affairs, will be appointed as the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District.
“It has been three months since the Khasi-Pnars and Karbi fought.
These players have been selected based on their performance in the BCCI tournaments in 2023-24 including the Senior Women's T20 Trophy in April last year and the Senior Women's One Day Trophy. It will be completed in July this year,
In the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ICMR has taken part in guiding government and private testing centers on how to conduct tests to ensure that India can fight against COVID-19, and how to find ways and means to prevent and treat those who suffer from this disease.
According to Bah Nongkynrih, there are more than 300 people who own Scooty.
The Minister of State and UDP Leader from Khliehriat, Bah Kyrmen Shylla on 8th November, announced that there will be a public meeting in July to seek the opinion of the people of the district on the decision. taken by the Government in connection with the proposal to introduce a railway line within the district.
“This is exactly what the youth who strongly supported Hitler in 1938 did to the youth or people who opposed Hitler's rule by intimidating and destroying the peace of the people. in Germany" he added.
We are proud to work with her in this initiative to promote women entrepreneurship and expect that in the future this opportunity for women entrepreneurship will continue to increase in this country. India has the opportunity to continue to grow in this field.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MJACCV Leader Wanlambok Jyrwa said that they will meet with the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills tomorrow morning to discuss whether the government has allowed or will delay. to operate vehicles within the East Khasi Hills District.
We wish that they will be able to open the Bethany Hospital soon as it has provided good service to many of us and that the name of I (L) Dr. John Sailo Ryntathiang will remain.
This year's Met Gala will honor Chanel and Fendi Creative Director Karl Lagerfeld for his contribution to the design of dresses, shoes, bags and others.
The closing speech was delivered by Bah BG Lapang from Ri-Bhoi District who urged the people to stand firm in protecting the future especially for the children who should get jobs and as well as the roads which are the budlum of development which the MLAs and MDCs should bring for the benefit of the people.
Welcome speech was delivered by the President of VDP Kyndongtuber, Moses Dkhar.
There was also a special section on the contribution of the freedom fighters from the North East.
:It is a different and surprising World Cup that strong countries have lost in the first match and which is also a match against weaker countries.
On July 26, 2023, West Khasi Hills Police have arrested four persons on suspicion of being the owners of illegal coal mining factories in Shallang area.
Shillong, March 19: The HSPDP MDC from Mylliem Constituency, Teilinia Thangkhiew, has said that the Dy.CEM of KHADC, Process T Sawkmie and the CEM of Pyn. -happy N King.
They were released after police received a tip and went to search for the abductees.
Therefore, he urged the youth who are in school that their education is useless if they don't know how to take care of the environment which gives us all these things to live in this world. and it is also necessary that we first understand the need to preserve what nature has given us and we too must live freely not in selfishness but in selfishness or thinking.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: MPCC President DD Lapang has declined to comment on the launch of the Campaign for Change (CFC) by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. the public.
Jowai, Naitung 27: As part of its service to the people, the JSU has taken a step to provide emergency assistance and blood donation.
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The Speaker also visited the Mawphlang Dam in the presence of senior officials of the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department who informed him how drinking water has been supplied to 77.15% of the households in the city. and capsules.
Other office bearers of the party include Shanborlang Khongwir from Pynursla constituency, Nongstoin constituency, Mawkynrew, Mawshynrut, Mawkyrwat and Mawhati.
He said that the residents in the border areas should remember that we have worked tirelessly in this regard to resolve the dispute.
Khliehriat, Nailar 26: U Bah Kyrmen Rymbai of Rymbai village, East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed his deep sorrow over the posting of a photograph of himself and the four murderers which was also spread on Facebook. He threatened to lodge a complaint against those who spread the picture of him with the murderers.
Dr Mawthoh also rejected the Minister's statement that there has been no increase in the electricity bill as he has received many complaints from the residents that they have received the increase in electricity bill. There are those who receive T.4000 but receive T.4 lakh and those who receive T.2 thousand receive T.2 lakh.
Carmel said that this is a law, which was passed earlier in 2008, which was passed by the House, but the District Council, revoked it in .
Almost all children are early risers.
When asked about the 48 hour deadline given by the VPP to the state government to suspend the recruitment in the departments until it can be resolved as demanded, Kong Ampareen said that on her part. She said that the VPP's action is the duty of the Opposition to the government to force any issues that in their opinion are necessary.
Rakkam also praised the private schools which have provided services and helped to improve education even though the teachers receive lower salaries.
The Ribhoi District Karate Do Association led by Beerin Klein and Jomiwell Maring won the title and medals. men and women players to take part in this tournament.
Then the roads from the central government or PMGSY are Rs 41.01 crore.
Bah Risingbor Kurkalang has received the Padma Shri Award as a prominent composer who has made traditional musical instruments and is also a skilled musician.
The MCs don't care about the teachers, the Head Teachers or Headmasters don't implement discipline between the schools and the schools are run at will by the Secretaries of the MCs. two persons and mostly known only by the Secretaries of the MCs, it is not known how much they received and how it was spent.
When asked whether they would support the Congress if it calls for the resignation of the Chief Minister, the UDP said that they do not want to support the Congress.
Iasamlang T Khonglam who scored 89.50% in the SSLC MBOSE Examination 2020 and Battikordor Khonglam who scored 84.66%. by The President.
Through the same day, the AMKA leaders requested the MLAs of Jirang and Nongpoh to think or turn their attention to those villages where the Karbi people live. the rural villages and those inhabited exclusively by the Karbi tribes, are often indeed the most backward villages when it comes to development.
The death toll has risen to 1,639 with 20 deaths today.
He said that the JJM should provide adequate drinking water to all the households but he alleged that many of the works of the JJM have been left halfway in many villages because the work done by the contractors is not done. There are no tops and pipes that don't work.
He said that another thing that attracted him was that for the first time the Sohiong constituency would witness the MLA scheme being distributed in front of a large crowd.
He said that as a nation we need unity and it is time to have a power struggle because it destroys the nation.
In the evening, the children of Chilliang Raij (Khon Raij) took the “Symbood Khnong” from the forest with a lot of joy.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: U Wailadmiki Shylla, the National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Jowai Constituency 2, today announced his election campaign at Ladthalaboh Jowai. you are from Jowai.
Perhaps the time will come when the old saying, 'The worst reward is for the one who falls into the pit', will become a raibi for such children who feel like they came into this world without mothers. that good.
Upon arrival at the CHC, Rupang found that many people from different villages have come to the CHC to get medicine because today, it falls on the market day. Pursue.
On this occasion, various singers and musicians performed Western music and Indian music.
She is a Meitei, but she was married to a Kuki, and her son and a family member were suspected to have died when the ambulance in which they were traveling burnt down. in the crowd, on Sunday night in Imphal.
When Bah Hek replied that there is no hospital to treat sick animals, Bah Ronnie, who is also the Leader of the Opposition, stood up and said, “Bah Hek phi “Why don't you ask him for money to build an animal hospital?”.
Remember! ah ko government;The right and the wrong will judge,Then you will find the answer;
Recently, at a meeting in Mawlai, VPP MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum expressed his desire to bring into the House the incident of the Mawlai MLA (accused of assault by the police).
Shillong: The Bangladesh Army (BGV) has threatened to shoot down the footpath workers of Umsyiem village, for building a footpath from the village to the Umngot River, according to reports. and this was last Thursday.
The drama prompted several journalists to arrive at the scene and the drunk policeman threatened to search the journalists by threatening them if they published him in the newspapers.
Rev.HE Marbaniang unveiled the monument and released a video CD entitled “The Faith of God”.
Also present on the occasion were the President and Secretary of ABCD and the Chief Adviser of ABCD, Samla H Kharsohmat. In this age of knowledge, they don't need to be taught or shown that they need to be clean and take care of cleanliness, but they need a clean spirit for the good and health of others. we and the people of the city.
Conrad will be sworn in as MLA on 5th November after he resigned as MP. Conrad could not be sworn in with Bah Pius Marwein in the past few days because he did not U Bah Pius, who won the MLA election from Ranikor from the UDP, was sworn in by the Speaker of the House, Dr Donkupar Roy on Friday.
Self-immolation is an outward sign of meaningful change.
“The road from Mawkyrwat to Nongstoin, Rangblang, Nonglwai and Nongkhlaw is about 40 kilometers.
Speeches were delivered by the Chief Engineer of PWD, Bah Gigur Myrthong, Bah Macmillan Byrsat and finally by Bah Prestone Tynsong. important on that day.
“We don't accept the railway to carry goods or passengers while there is no ILP in the state and I see that the government wants to introduce the railway but the KSU doesn't accept it at all. “We have seen how the mynder have reached the trucks carrying goods to the state,” he said.
The woman was identified as Dorothy Lyngdoh.
Referring to the opposition of the civil society that the railway will affect the environment, Bah Hek said that there should be a common understanding in which development works should also proceed. and at the same time, the Government shall ensure that the development works shall not affect the environment.
Riangdo scored two more goals in the second half through John Kerry Wanniang (49', 86') to secure the victory.
One drone was shot down near Domodedovo, Russia's largest airport, and another drone arrived and was shot down near the Minsk Motorway. .
In North Shillong, there were 26,655 voters while 16,203 voters turned out to vote, which is only 60.79%.
“How can I attend the meeting without being invited,” said Bah Harkin.
Drivers have also been directed not to wear lights, lights and sirens in their vehicles.
As witnessed by the women of Lapangap, they were ready and it was seen that they were ready to fight against the Karbi.
One of the organizations supporting the VPP is the Nokrek Area Development Committee (NADC) and the other is the Youth Power of India.
During this time, the residents should take care of themselves by drinking proper water, avoiding work during the hot weather and other precautionary measures to avoid the disease.
All plants need at least twelve root bodies, and without them they cannot exist.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has called for an indefinite strike after the Union of Foreign Mining Factories in East Jaintia Hills District agreed to pay the quota. 40 trucks per day.
On the other hand, the People's Democratic Front (PDF) has sent a letter signed by the Working President of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and the President of the PDF, Bah Gavin M.Mylliem. The MLA of Sohra Constituency has sent a letter of support to the NPP government led by Conrad Sangma.
Switzerland is among the countries that have suspended hosting this year's IBA tournament following the IBA's decision to allow and allow athletes from Russia and Belarus to participate in the tournament.
The relatives of these youths lodged a complaint with the village authorities and the village held a meeting the next morning on
The construction of the park has been allocated at a cost of T.151 crore, which has been allocated by the DoNER, with 90 percent of the funds being spent by the government and 10 percent by the government. state.
For example even frequently used vegetables are never washed clean.
Mrs. Redcy is the wife of Mrs. Pithomlang Nongtdu.
Speaking to reporters, the Working President, Bah Thomas, said that the party at this meeting discussed the issues included in the election manifesto since 2002 when KHNAM was formed and others. The Inner Line Permit (ILP) has not yet been implemented.
Jowai, June 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mynksan Unit on Tuesday met with the Executive Engineer of PHE (Electrical) Jowai West Jaintia Hills District on the delay in the implementation of the scheme. Mynksan village in West Jaintia Hills District.
It will fall to Rs 903 from Tuesday.
The failure of Governments will also change programs and policies and it is the people who will suffer the loss,” he said.
“When we turn back to the peace and order, we think that the UDP would be better off for Bah Kimfa Marbaniang to lead the party to rebuild, because we see that the UDP now you don't have the opportunity to win more seats in
After this, she raised the flag and announced the opening of the Inter School Athletic Meet
In conversation with one of these numbers, the phone reached the Rangbah Shnong of Trangblang village in Muktapur-War Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today sought clarification from the Meghalaya government on the bombing of nine youths who went to Syntung to eat khana.
Her passing away is a great loss to the journalism industry in the state.
Asst.Organizing Secretary: Tossme Shadap 7.
He said that after this, the members of the Seng have separated the recyclable waste from the unrecyclable waste.
There are 7478 PwDs and 22658 PwDs over 80 years of age.
The incident happened on the 4th of this month, when the house caught fire and burnt down during the heavy rain. for all that was in the house was destroyed by the fire.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, said that the symptoms of COVID-19 are the same, such as headache, fever, shortness of breath or diarrhea. extremely.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kharkrang said that they have registered a complaint against the MLA.
Jowai, July 13: The Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament-2022 was held on the 13th of this month at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Stadium, Jowai.
The Dorbar Shnong has taken this decision after many trees standing near the houses have caused a lot of damage especially when the wind blows.
Nongpoh, March 14: Leaders of the Joint Action Committee Against Casinos in Ri Bhoi District today said that the people of Meghalaya are watching you, your injustice will not be allowed. They have expressed their dissatisfaction with the statement or promise of the Minister of State, James K. Sangma to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 and also the casino in Ri Bhoi District. The Government has not yet issued a Notification.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (CEC) under the leadership of its new President, Bah Roykupar Synrem, on Tuesday said that they cannot accept the government's inability to resolve the issues and demands of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (CEC). ASHA workers in our State.
The body of Rabbha was brought by helicopter to Guwahati this morning and brought back to his village at 12 noon.
“India has gained independence from the hands of the Dohlieh but we are now almost enslaved by the Dohiong (U Dkhar)” and urged all members to be ready to help each other. I wei iwei without hesitation and I don't know what you're doing wrong.
If the answer is yes, what are the supports it provides to these schools and how many talented men and women it has selected.
Speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Huroi, who gave his words of advice and encouraged the youth of the KSU and also to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong.
One of the religious leaders, Father Mathew Koyikar, said that the Christians are deeply saddened by the actions of the Delhi police. “Even after the attack, nothing has been done to protect the churches and homes. He said that Christians in Delhi have prepared their demands and will submit them to the Defense Minister in the evening.
It is necessary to avoid eating too much meat as this can affect the functioning of the kidneys.
The Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, headed by PHE Minister Renikton L Tongkhar, today sent the report of three villages including Tarabari, Gizang and Hahim for improvement. There is no border in this area.
HYC Mawryngkneng Circle strongly condemns and warns against agents or private individuals who intend to sell or give land to any army group in the area or even to other areas. “It is also a statement from Bah Rockesstar Warjri, General Secretary of Hynniewtrep, to be vigilant and vigilant against such intentions of the rich and the poor,” said Rockesstar Warjri, General Secretary. , HYC Mawrynkneng Circle.
He disappeared while going to the toilet on the plane, according to his sister Pynshisha Kharhujon who went to accompany him to Shillong.
The DC, SP, Forest Department officials of the district have attended the last rites.
This is a milestone in the department's efforts to ensure a consistent and supportive pricing structure for private FM radio stations.
The District Magistrate has not yet issued a complaint under Section 144 Cr.
In a statement, AMSA General Secretary Sumarlin Mary Warjri said that Sqay (Indian Martial Arts) has been included in the schedule of the National Games to be held in Goa along with 5 other new games.
Khyriem said that as the Rangbah Shnong he has taken the responsibility to provide a burning ground for the Seng Khasi Mylliem. the place where they built the house.
Regarding the Dear Weekly Lotteries, which was opened to the public today, the organizers of the lottery said that it will be held in three parts of the day, at 1 pm. 6 and 8 pm, where the cleanliness will be broadcast on the Youtube Channel of the organizers.
However, he said that if there is any political activities or fraud from the banks, the BJP will take necessary action and if it is found that the banks are fraudulent in the scheme, it should be punished. The BJP will submit its report to the Central Government in Delhi for action.
It has been going on for many years, and previous governments have listened to those demands even though they have not changed the employment quota.
“To have trade according to the laws and regulations with neighboring countries like Bangladesh because the North East will suffer if anything happens, to trade abroad to other countries such as meat, to have “It's a clean job and not just to sell,” he said.
The cake was cut by the MLA of Shillong South who is also the President of the MCIC, Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Shillong, June 24: On the 22nd of this month, Babu Kitbor W.Nongrum, the leading author of many Khasi books, has published the following books: Ki Khasi Writers – v (Ka Jingim & Works by Oscar M.Wahlang & Victor G. Bareh – The Story of the 1st Khasi Feature Film on Video, 1985;
The KSU has decided to seek a report on the permit of Star Cement and has strongly criticized the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma for not accepting that it is the state government that has given the permit and saying it is the responsibility of the central government. .
Joshua led the Israelites out of the wilderness into the Promised Land, crossing the Jordan River as if on dry ground (Josh 3:16), just as Moses led the Israelites out of Egypt through the Red Sea, which they crossed as if on dry land (Ex.14:22).
He said that the preservation of different species of creatures which can survive only in these parts of the state, is part of attracting foreigners to visit them and this is an opportunity to promote tourism.
So it just ended up being a fairy tale.
The incident occurred after the transformer in the village broke down.
We want to know from the government how or in what form the rules have been changed so that it can award the tender to this private individual,” said Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon.
For those vehicles coming from Moowakhu, they should turn from Lad Sutnga and when they reach 10 kilos, they should turn back and park their vehicles at a large area at Vehicles can also be parked at Khliehriat West Football Ground, which is Parking No
As usual in the past 18 years, the mourners and families of the victims of a tragic incident which happened on 30th November, 2005, gathered at two places – Williamnagar and Tura as a sign of remembrance of those who have died.
“You cannot allege that these 342 households are illegal residents,” said Bah Tynsong in response to the allegations of some civil society groups.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Deibormi Syad, a school teacher and public servant, encouraged the leaders and members of the East Jaintia Electrical Association to continue to improve their children. Youths of the area who have the skills to work in the electricity industry and urged them to have mutual understanding, respect and cooperation so that they can accomplish their tasks as they intend to develop. you have received the court.
Because of the spread of the disease around the world, the Government of India has the largest share in the special fund, which the State Governments are also entitled to receive.
Thank God for His greatness and inexpressible divinity.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said; “As within the UDP, we have already moved forward to select the candidates and this will take place within the next six months or sooner.
The NPP MLA from Jowai, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, has said that he does not want to become a doctor because he will forget about the cancer and thyrnia inside the stomach of the people.
On the other hand, Rangdajied, which has secured itself in the first position in the points table, did not expect any result from this game, as it has already shown itself in this season. of the SPL
However, as it is, the compliance of the people with the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is only because the District Administration through the directive of the State Government, has issued an order to take strict action against those who kino who breaks the law.
According to him, Shillong urgently needs to have fly overs around the city in view of the condition and congestion of the roads in the city.
The book of Judges contains stories of women who were also Leaders and Judges of the Mosaic Tribe.
Not only do the Buddhist leaders fear that the Rohingya Muslims will become more numerous than them and that one day they will be able to rule Myanmar in one country. day.
To prove that, Amit Shah as Union Home Minister has visited here twice, but even to discuss this issue, you don't think these people want to fulfill the wishes of the villagers here, don't you? !, shu wan to clean up this one.
The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) on the 20th of this month visited the villages under the Raid Nongtung in Block-II and found many development works that Assam has invested in these border villages.
“Although the Syiem has denied that he has issued the NOC to the casino, he has made it clear that he is not against the proposal to build a casino in this area,” Chyne said.
The 68-year-old Governor was in Itanagar today for the Republic Day celebrations and sent his employee to Shillong to collect all his belongings. The documents were taken to Guwahati this morning, where the Governor will pick up these items from Guwahati and return to New Delhi.
This comes a day after the anti-drug Special Task Force (STF) of the Punjab Police arrested three persons. Mehimad Mandra village in Amritsar district on Tuesday.
In connection with the incident, police immediately rushed to the scene to conduct investigation and also personnel from the Forensic Department have arrived to take all necessary measures.
Out of the 348 winners selected, 3 winners will be selected by the District Talent Committee from different districts.
At that time, the Sengbhalang leaders were angry and immediately left the meeting and insisted that they are against the Meghalayan Age festival due to the spread of Corona Virus.
The PM-DevINE is in addition to the resources available for the development of the region and will not replace any existing Central or State Government scheme.
She has also participated in races such as the 21km race in Gujarat Jamnagar, the Vishakhapatnam Navy Marathon in 2019 in the distance of 42 km, the Drass Kargil International Marathon in 21km and other races in which she came first.
The incident was first witnessed by the residents, who immediately informed the Indian troops and the Indian troops rushed to the scene and found the Chinese troops walking around. parts of the area.
He said that the attention of the state government in the search of overloaded vehicles is not enough and therefore, it has been ordered that the search should be conducted in these areas, where there are vehicles. which kit too pud.
We demand that all the policemen who shot Bah Cheris should be prosecuted for murder and those people who may have been involved in the murder should also be punished.
The notification issued by the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang on 13th November, said that this is the decision of the meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Chief Minister of Assam on 30th November. 1st November.
By Bah Philip Marwein Meghalaya has turned 48 years old since it got its own state, but this state of ours still leaves behind thousands of villages, especially those in the rural areas and those in the remote areas. and Assam as well as those villages bordering Bangladesh.
Five Indians took the lead and Tlanding was the first among the Indians to finish the race in 4 hours 30 minutes.
On June 26, 1986, Unit IV of the Chernobyl Nuclear Plant exploded, causing devastating disasters in parts of Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, and other parts of Europe. and this is still affecting today.
He said that the border issue has to be resolved but many villages in the Khasi Hills have gone to Assam because of the MoU. Ardent stressed the need to take strict action against drug traffickers and ensure that they stay in jail for a long time.
“I didn't want to take Balkarin to the Civil Hospital.
On the day of distribution of these tins, he also urged the people who have received these tins, to use them properly for their needs and also not to misuse them. him.
He said that until now these party leaders and workers who have left the UDP have not taken any decision to join any political party in the state. They will soon inform the public.
The Prime Minister read the Sanskrit 'shloka' which means: 'Health is wealth and everything can be accomplished through a healthy body.
Khliehriat, Nailur 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) through its Education Cell has expressed its deep sorrow after receiving a complaint from some of the residents of Rymbai village. Rymbai Government Secondary School has been without a science teacher for 10 years, since the government has dismissed the teachers who used to work at the school, but until now it has not been able to appoint other teachers to become teachers. compete.
Therefore, it is appropriate to express special thanks to the teachers who have dedicated themselves in this regard.
“This is wrong, the State has only Khasi.
Speeches were also delivered by Wallam Syiemiong, Chairman of the Union of Village Youth Associations, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Kharjahrin, Minister of Sakwang Village Council and Mr. Mandelius Nongbri, Vice President of HYC South West Khasi Hills District.
Young people who are educated know better the value of clean and safe drinking water.
“The question is why you have to allocate that land, to the Municipal employees, you have taken them to the Municipal residence...yes, you have done the right thing.
She also urged the State Government to hold talks with the team approved by the HNLC Central Executive Committee led by the Vice Chairman.
The incident occurred on the road from Lad Moodymmai to Krangshuri.
In East Jaintia Hills District, TS Diolinda Dkhar has filed her nomination papers as the INC candidate and Firstborn Nongtdu from Khliehriat as an independent candidate against Justine Dkhar of the BJP and Kyrmen Shylla. Three candidates including Bety Jyrwa from the NCP and Bah Comfort Doloi as an independent candidate from Jirang Constituency, Field Marshal Mawphniang of the BJP will contest from Umroi Constituency.
Therefore, when the covenant was blotted out, the hand writing of ordinances was blotted out. that was against us, and took it out of the way, NAILING IT TO THE CROSS" Colossians 2:1
As the authorities in charge of the villages, I request you that if you find or know anyone who has committed such acts as mentioned above please inform this office immediately and they will be punished according to the law.
Although kyiad can increase the income of the government, it is unfortunate that the government has decided to announce and authorize the delivery of kyiad to the homes. recognize it as a more important drink than rice.
Speaking on the SOP related to coal mining, he said, “This action of the government is only to save only a few or the coal factories and coke factories and it will kill The small and medium-sized people who don't have land up to 100 hectares, as well as the quarrying of mawrasong which because they don't have a license they have to sell their land to cement companies, the income “If we don't stand up against this SOP which has rules that don't agree,” he said, “the time will come when we will lose even the SOP. ownership of the land.
Pdok Tariang was elected President, Vice President, Pynshaw Dkhar General Secretary, Shemphang Dkhar, Social Media Coordinator, Pynshai Sana, Adviser and Thynda Sana.
Therefore, we encourage our farmers to raise these cows because of the high demand in the state”.
Shullai said that after the request of the residents of Mawlai, to remove the CRPF camp on the land of the Art and Culture Department in Mawlai Nongkwar which covers more than 7 acres belonging to the department. About 2.86 acres have been used by the CRPF for 40 years.
The Dorbar Chnong Wapungskur has also urged all its residents to stay at home and refrain from moving from one house to another.
On the other hand, the organizers have also urged those who wish to participate not to drink any alcoholic beverages.
After the removal of the Pata, the Acting Syiem said that there was a protest from the people living in Them Metor and they went to the court and the court ordered the Hima Mylliem not to public notice before the decision to withdraw is made.
Not only that, the SDO has also decided to park all the vehicles going to the Umngot River at Umsyiem Village, so that there will be no traffic jam in the Umngot River.
The scientific schemes of the merchants or officials who support the corrupt and violent rulers for the benefit of trade and personal gain have increased.
The BJP, UDP have nominated six candidates from all the constituencies, the Congress and HSPDP have nominated six candidates. In Jaintia Hills, KHNAM has three candidates.
He said that in the last election, when the Minister of Home Affairs took part in the meeting held at Malki, the number of people was very low.
On the other hand, the indigenous people of Meghalaya, like others, should receive the same protection.
Many people have not appreciated such a precedence by this government but it is a terrible threat because of the violation of their democratic rights. The people of Khasi-Jaintia shall elect their leaders once every three years.
The five arrested were identified as Doma Ch Momin, 26, alias John of Dalu Dapgre (West Garo Hills), Sunen A Sangma of Upper Wakagre; Damalgre, Salbong M Sangma, 30, of Dakopgre, Tura, Thailand R Marak, 34, of Rongsu Agal and Onimesh D Sangma, 40, of Waidagre, Tura.
Pius Rani, Executive Director of NESFAS, said that he is pleased that this year NESFAS has turned 50 years old since its inception and that it has grown and progressed in the service of NESFAS. to the farmers of the state.
Out of the seven Congress MDCs, three are also MLAs including Ronnie, Charles Marngar from Mawhati and Gabriel Wahlang from Nongstoin.
The Congress has three seats left in the Lok Sabha to win the opposition leader, which in 2014 won only 44 seats, while now it has 52 seats.
The Babylonian Army destroyed homes and buildings; they wounded and killed the people, they made enemies and destroyed the Temple and the city of Jerusalem.
Other players of Meghalaya who scored 12 runs were Benedict Jones Makdoh, who tied 12 runs.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to invite the people for their suggestions on the amendment of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Village Administration) Bill,
Although they have nothing against the Kongthong's statement, they do not accept that it will not work alone and will mislead the world.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Congress Party today held a condolence meeting for the victims of the shooting in Mukroh on the 22nd of this month. The ceremony was held at the Congress Bhavan, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : Meghalaya is preparing for the election of new leaders for the State Legislative Assembly or MLA elections in
I'll never forget those times, When I was with you;
The final will be played on the 13th October between Thangbuli SWSAC and Syndai tyllilang at 2 pm. Lahkmen Rymbui Home Minister of Meghalaya will be the chief guest along with other officials. hain ban don lang.
In the semi-final, Umsning United Sports Academy beat Manipur 4-1 to qualify for the final. competition, which was attended by various sports teams in the country.
"It's good," replied Hep, "that's right, when there's a job, it's not like us in the village and in the forest.
We are a nation that has not yet brought a stick and a bowl to collect,” said Babu Shullai.
This comes after the Meghalaya Government recently submitted a petition to the NHRC to challenge the shooting death of seven people including four Pnars and a forest guard by the Assam Government. Assam Police and Forest Guards at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District on 22nd November.
The total number of cases in Assam has risen to 9,454 and the death toll has risen to
The KSU's request came a day before the meeting of all political parties in the state convened by the MDA Government tomorrow, 19th June, to discuss the implementation of the Roster System in the State.
The HSPDP has 25 candidates, KHNAM 13 seats, NCP 7 seats and NPP 63 independent candidates.
As soon as the names of these families were released, they received the first installment of T.52,000 and they built their houses. they did not have enough money to continue the work on their house until it was finished.
We have decided that it is necessary for us to provide health workers across the state to ensure that doctors feel encouraged to work in remote areas,” said Lyngdoh. .
On the issue in the court, the PAC has directed the state forest department to investigate to resolve the issue of land paid up to T.8 crore.
Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP defeated Mahendro in the 2013 elections by 500 votes.
As part of the smooth running of the tournament, the Sports Department has appointed hundreds of volunteers.
Shillong: U Bah Pranshon Mawlong, 45, resident of Umsning Patarim, Ribhoi District, has died after falling into the Umpih River. .
“Furthermore, 11 VPICs of Rongram have received Rs 1.48 crore under the Meglife Project for the construction of the Community Hall and 9 SHGs have received Rs 11 lakh.
Others present included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Chief of the Hima, Pa'iem KM Syiemlieh and Fishery Officer of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Kong JL Nonglait.
They are responsible for the health, protection and shelter of their children.
But God has allowed time for His Word (the Bible) to spread throughout the world.
Bah Donkupar Sumer is a former MDC of Umsning Constituency who has contested the MLA elections in the past years. He has decided to contest again from the UDP party and will wait for the announcement of his ticket after the supporters have approved him as the candidate.
Is it true that elections are the time of corruption? In society there are three important issues, social and economics. ) and Politics).
Doctors have treated the children by separating the blood of the two children and after that, they will make their own bones for the two children. They also make tissue expanders to allow the blood to grow when these children's heads grow.
“In our opinion, if the chiefs are involved in politics and take sides, we are afraid that there will be bias, not that the Rangbah Shnong is biased against the people but “If you don't like it, you'll be treated badly by the leaders,” he said.
Conrad was a small boy.
However, what is more worthy of consideration is the statements of many thinkers, such as Patricia Mukhim, Rev. Kyrsoibar Pyrtuh, Bah HH Mohrmer, Bah Disparsing Bani, HT Wells and others, on the backwardness of the state. They also criticized the MP for having time to travel here, a place where even the state residents don't know and have never been, the MP has left Bihar behind. His visit to the Khasi country has led Mohan Bhagat, the head of the RSS, to come here and and he went up to the mount of Olives.
However, on the other hand, according to the information, the office of the Deputy Commissioner has not authorized the distributors to charge more than T.3 as set by the government.
In terms of exports, the company increased by 22% from 35,649 units in 2014 to 43,595 units in
He said that if the people want to resolve the border issue, they should send letters to the Minister of Home Affairs and he as a member of the National Council of the BJP, who is always in Delhi. and whoever discusses matters with the Minister of Home Affairs from time to time, shall inform through these letters so that the Central Government may take action and take the necessary action.
On the part of the trainees, they congratulated Dr D Paswet, Officer KVK Jaintia Hills, Dr R Suchiang I/C Veterinary Science and Ma Khroo L Pariat for this training. you're a chicken.
This has destroyed the nation because of the lack of corruption we will never be able to grow and compete with others in every field.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie, Adviser, Bah H. Kharkongor, President of UDP Mawlai Circle, Bah T. Kharkongor, Secretary and other office bearers of the party expressed their gratitude to the youth of the state. They will have the opportunity to take part in the BCCI tournament in Gujarat.
The VPP is ready to appear in the public forum to fight in this regard.
According to information received, the suspect was identified as Shankar Pandit alias Shankar Thakur of Hastinapur, 9 mer, this morning. ha Jorabat, but the man who saw the thief ran away, but tried to force him by stabbing him with a knife, at that time with the help of the people and the truck drivers killed They arrested and tied him tightly and handed him over to the Jorabat Police Station for further investigation.
Tura, Nailar 29 : The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Garo Hills has enforced Section 144 CrPC after receiving information that various civil society organizations have called for a blockade of MeECL offices and also a blockade. The government has not implemented their demands to provide electricity to Garo Hills.
In this workshop, entrepreneurs and other private groups were trained on how to start their own businesses in proper ways through the funding of CSR. St Anthony's College and Reliance staff.
The Minister said that the department has sent a proposal on how to ensure that specialist doctors can join themselves for the service in government health centers in the state.
The Result Booklet can be downloaded from the website of MBoSE, www.mbose.
The tournament was inaugurated by Homer Kharkongor, President UDP Mawlai Circle in the presence of Bah Teibok Kharkongor, General Secretary, Deputy Rangbah Shnong Erasmus. Thangkhiew, Rangbah Angelius Biam, from the Pathaw family and others.
“I am sure that the state government will want to bring clarity on all these allegations,” said Charles.
“On that day I will always speak the truth but I will be ready to apologize if any of the words I have spoken earlier have been insulting, insulting or insulting to anyone especially the Judiciary,” he said. “I have a personal feeling that my summons is not something I should be surprised at but it is like the way that God has. The Meghalaya High Court has issued a good intent on the powers of Rangbah Shnong.
The two organizations also demanded from the Assam and Meghalaya governments to provide protection to the villages on the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
When asked whether there is still a Syiem in Sohra when Syiem Pura has been removed and he is now the Syiem, the Acting Syiem could not answer and told the journalists to wait for a while to think again. with another.
Meanwhile, the completion rate of POCSO cases in the state is 22.68%.
SSCM/CE/83/2013-2014/104 Dated Shillong the 28 March, 2022.
Looking at the condition of these farmland, it is not uncommon for them to be flooded in the month of June.
Speaking to media, Bah Pakyntein raised another allegation against the misuse of the MLA scheme of Bah Paul Lyngdoh worth T.1 crore.
Shillong: A group of civil society organizations under the banner of COMSO today met with the Congress party at the MLA Hostel to seek their support in this special session to accept the government's decision to implement the the ILP in the state.
On 06.12.23, Ribhoi district will be held at Nongpoh District Council Office for Jirang, Nongpoh, Mawhati, Umsning and Umroi constituencies.
Also in 2021, Israel announced that Israeli security forces had foiled an Iranian attack plot against some prominent Israeli businessmen in Cyprus.
This is the most important of the Government’s directives.
According to sources, the police have registered a case against the suspects and charged them under several sections of the law for further investigation.
KSU Narpuh Publicity Secretary SL Suchiang and KSU Sonapyrdi Unit said that the lockdown has given a clear answer that factories have an important role to play in the pollution of the Lukha River. to make strict laws to revive the Lukha once again.
“He said that their actions are only to make a name for themselves and that is why it is completely wrong,” he said.
"“On this incident, the village, we do not accept that it is a threat.
“In 2021, there was a report that the State Government has returned T.5,204.30 crore to the Central Government for failure to issue the Utilization Certificate.
These include EGH: 6, EJH: 7, EKH: 167, RBD: 32, SGH: 2, SWKH: 13, WGH: 37, WJH: 53 and WKH:
After being sworn in as Minister of State, Dr Ampareen expressed the need to work together and bring about strong governance because as it appears in Khasi Hills, the decision of the people is not only in one party. party but lyngkhot lyngkhot and this is very encouraging.
Two powerful explosions have occurred in Ukraine today after a vehicle was completely destroyed by a bomb blast in the vehicle. one of the leaders, who was on the Russian side.
Shillong, Lber 9: The Legislative Assembly today expressed its deep sorrow and condolences on the sudden passing away of GNC MLA Clifford R Marak.
The district authorities have also directed that all meat shops should be clean, clean and sanitized regularly, use covered garbage cans and wear handkerchiefs. Gloves) and head gear, which is also in accordance with the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Livestock Market) Rules 2017 and the order issued by the High Court on 14th July
At this time of fierce fight against COVID-19; The SNSBH requests all the residents of the Hynniewtrep Hills to follow the directions of the Government authorities on the measures to prevent the spread of this disease.
Speaking on the entry of moist groups into the North East, Goswami said that the entry of moist groups into the state is through the border of Assam.
Meanwhile, nine MDC constituencies have remained vacant after the MDCs resigned from their posts after the Legislative Assembly passed the Ban on Ar Maloi Act.
It is also our mission to provide the best education to the children, no matter where they come from.
“As school children, we have the right to walk on the footpaths to avoid any injuries on the road, but unfortunately during the past 10 years, Iawmusiang has not been owned by the vendors of these places. “It is difficult to walk and stand when going to school,” said the child and urged the MLA Jowai and the district authorities to take action on this issue as the footpaths are the roads for people to walk and not to sit and sell. sale.
However, the police under the leadership of In-charge Bah George Dkhar instead of listening to the complaint of these members and registering a complaint, started talking to them and threatening them. Lamphrang Khonglam entered the police station and assaulted him until he was injured.
The police have taken the buses and taken the youths to the police station without any notice,” said the ICYM. all the programs of the convention.
The purpose of the campaign is to conduct free medical check-up, in which it can be said that the program has focused on the eradication of tuberculosis. (TB), through the Prime Minister's TB Free India Campaign.
The program was organized by the office of the BDO Mylliem together with the Enterprise Facilitation Center (MBDA) Mylliem Block at the Conference Hall of MAMETI, Upper Shillong. Chairman BDMC Mylliem together with various Rangbah Shnongs including members of 41 producer groups from Mylliem Block.
Thus, we Khasi already have freedom in life, but our daughters do not understand how to use that freedom, so they become light.
Marak, who is good at speaking aiding words, is the one who incites the people to create trouble.
He said that even he uses the word Bharat when he speaks, and when he speaks in Hindi he uses the word Bharat and when he speaks in English he uses the word India. .
Those between the ages of 30 to 45 years appeared to be another group with 640 (26.6%) arrested after committing their crimes.
This shows that the leaders of these other political parties want only to benefit from these schemes of the central government.
Marbud said that the party is surprised that there is no entrance test for the students this year, because in previous years there was no entrance test.
Shillong: Police of the Shillong Traffic Branch today conducted a surprise search on motorcycles at IGP Point and fined them Rs 2 lakh.
The President of the HYC Wahlyngdoh Area Unit, Samla Lambha Rongrin, in an interview with the HYC, said that the lack of a sub-centre in Wahlyngdoh village has caused many problems related to the health of the people. heal the people.
He also urged the Khasi householders not to give houses to foreigners, as they are trying to bsuh head through the bill.
And the king said unto me, Why is thy countenance sad, seeing thou art not sick? This is nothing but sorrow of the heart.
) chapter 27:63.
On the part of CEM, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, he expressed his gratitude and appreciation especially to the village of Tyrna for remembering and giving him more honor than he has received.
He said that there has been a robbery by police officers against the people because the allocation of land has not been followed.
Mawkyrwat, November 02: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) of Mawkyrwat Unit is one of the groups that does charity work for the families who suffer from many causes. They have lost their breadwinner or head of household, this time they have a plan to build a house for a poor family in Mawthawiang-Nongtraw village, South West Khasi Hills District.
It is a disease that you want to get rid of as soon as possible compared to other diseases.
The village leaders of the area, said that from time to time they face such incidents, because every time the villages of the area receive development schemes from Meghalaya, they are insulted. and this is not only now, but since ancient times until now and it is not easy for the village leaders to build by force once they have been threatened by the Assam Police.
The voice of the leaders of these four organizations in Ri Bhoi, is that they will continue to oppose the railway line in any way. They don't care even if they reach the point of having to stay in jail or reach the point of terrible bloodshed in the state.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) on Tuesday announced another scheme to help the unemployed youth in the country. The state is not known for its Meghalaya Youth Empowerment (MYE) Scheme.
One of the general reasons for those organizations that emerge from time to time is that they have the same way of thinking to impress themselves and condemn against others on unfounded grounds.
He said that the delivery of essential goods to Manipur from other parts of the country will be ensured by setting up a temporary terminal at Khongsang railway station.
Shillong: The teachers of the KJDSTA, on Saturday, vowed to hold another meeting with the Minister of Finance and Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Saturday. next week and if this meeting is not fruitful, the teachers will take to the streets to demand their rights.
It has been seen that many wealthy people have become MP/MLA/MDC and have spent lakhs of rupees in order to get the will of the people to elect them or their candidates.
Shillong, March 30: The result of the two matches of the SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 played on Tuesday (30th March 2023) at the 1st Ground of the SSA Stadium has come to an end. SC and Jongksha SC won the title.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : TMC National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee today left for Tura and took part in a rally.
“I don't know, it's better to get information from Bah Pynshngain,” he said.
Defense Minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday inaugurated 90 projects related to roads, railways, airports, bridges and others. 2,900 crore.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Dr Mukul said that according to the MeECL estimates, the amount of money that the residents have to pay for the MeECL fire MeECL has been directed to investigate the amount of T.300 crore but the information from which year is unknown.
Longevity and good health are a great blessing in life.
On Thursday, the World Bank invited and announced, “Join us to welcome Ajay Banga as the new President of the World Bank Group.
What you don't feel is happening.
He also stressed that the Central Government has launched the Nasha Mukht Abhiyan program to fight against the spread of drugs and drug abuse which affects the youth of the North East and the country as a whole.
He said the UDP and HSPDP have joined hands to nominate one candidate for the Lok Sabha MP election.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The General Meeting of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) held on 29th March 2013 at the Community Hall Mission, Shillong has elected the office bearers. for the term 2022-2025, and was invited to present the report of the organization from 2017-2
The appointment of Rikman as BJP President may also raise questions regarding the politics in Garo Hills.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Warjri said that the people had bombed him and planned to destroy his house.
He said that in the journey as youth there are many obstacles of life, but perseverance and standing firm on one's foundation will bring the fruit of victory.
He said that the party has talked to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and has almost reached an agreement, and they will meet again tomorrow to submit a letter to the Syiem.
These include EJH: 4, EKH: 82, RBD: 3, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 2, WJH: 15 and WKH:
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has used these VVPAT machines in the last MLA elections, where voters can see for 7 seconds the ballot paper but the machines will be used in the MDC elections. they don’t exist like this because they are primitive.
The physios helped me, but the pain didn’t go down, this could take some time for me to recover.
Nongpoh, November 7: The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) has sent a petition to Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Nongpoh. The Transport Department of the State Government has expressed its strong opposition if the government installs a weighbridge at this place.
And because of these things, we see the spread of various diseases, whether in humans or in animals.
Perhaps within 5-10 years, people can become well off, have more free time, go out, do good deeds in society, with the inflow of money into the account.
The Deputy Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has distributed these letters to the poor households in the 21st Tuber Constituency.
The voice of the people also increased as the time passed.
He said that the UDP has no right to vote for the government in the House or in writing.
In every party there are MLAs/MDCs who misuse their position.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Ilasiewdor Gashnga, Program Coordinator of SURE and welcome speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Wahmawleiñ, Marphred Kshiar.
Jowai, Nailar 29: The Union Minister of State for Railways, Rajen Gohain today visited Jowai to raise awareness among the public on the purpose of the Sankalp Se Siddhi programme. public awareness, for the movements for a New India.
Shillong, Nailur 22: In the past 24 hours, Shillong has experienced heavy rainfall.
Rahman is a coal miner in Lum Jaintia and has been working in the coal mining industry for 30 years but has now stopped as his children have grown up and continue to work. and he did the work which he had done.
“It doesn't surprise us as a party that the two former MLAs who won on the Congress ticket in 2018 have joined the NPP,” said Bah Pala. Ampareen Lyngdoh and former West Shillong MLA Mahendro Rapsang.
With this victory, Delhi Capital have scored 10 runs from 13 games, while Punjab Kings have 12 points from 13 games and are far from qualifying for the playoffs. Off' of this tournament.
On the other hand, Bah Paul said he cannot explain why the RSS leader said these words, especially as the state has only four months left to go to the MLA election. Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the CEM of KHADC has not been included in the Regional Committees due to the fact that there are two committees under the KHADC. It is worth mentioning that a Regional Committee has been set up yesterday to resolve the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya in the second phase. Speaking to reporters, Tynsong said, “Today we have set up three Regional Committees and the Assam government has done the same with them. The members of these committees are the same, but we have included two new members, namely Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang and Victor Rani MDC Jirang Constituency.
Shillong, July 30 : The State Olympic Talent Identification Program 2022 was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs, Meghalaya on November 2022 at St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School. Shillong, 103 players have been selected for training.
How many Phew Years or Hundreds of Years will we wait to say, “Hoi kiw.
“We request the Government to upgrade PHC Nartiang to FRU Hospital according to the needs of the time so that this PHC will be able to provide better services to the people of the area,” he said. said Habanjop, President of the KSU Nartiang Modop Unit.
Nongpoh, Lber 24: As part of the opening ceremony of the Strawberry Festival, the Young Minds Association of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Motor Sports Association of Meghalaya today organized a strawberry race. The 4th Maximum Attack Challenge will be held at Kurkalang Stadium, Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong tomorrow.
Shillong, March 26: The committee appointed by the government to empower Rangbah Shnongs headed by Bah DD Lapang has been dissolved, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma.
From the Tied and Untied Grant received last year, Ma Thombor said that the Council has developed 234 schemes/projects from June 2022 to July 2023 including drinking water tanks, schools, community halls, public toilets, playgrounds, footpaths, toilets and others in various places within the districts of Jaintia Hills.
They identify themselves with the land on which they cultivate, work and cannot live or become a nation without the land.
TNG Pisa rh doesn't have three days to go every day.
Dr Dinesh Kulkarni, All India Organizing Secretary and Sangathan Minister of Bharatiya Kisan Sangh, was also present as the chief guest. Dr Anupam Mishra, Vice Chancellor, CAU, Imphal, Prof. Dwipendra Thakuria, Dean, College of Agriculture, Kyrdemkulai, Manoj Solanki, Farmers' Representative of ICAR Governing Body, Prof.PP. Shastry, Retired Dean of College of Agriculture, Khandwa, Madhya Pradesh, Dr. VK Mishra, Director of ICAR-RC, NEH Region, Umïam and others.
The Secretary of the Parish Pastoral Council, Bah Sylverster Lyngkhoi, said that the procession will begin with a Holy Mass at 10 pm by Rev Fr John Madur VG of the Archdiocese of Shillong. where there will also be the reception of the first Communion of the children.
After the criticism of Bah Mawrie and the BJP women's group, it is now the turn of the President of the Kisan Morcha or the BJP Meghalaya Farmers' Group, Bah Justice Syiem. “The allegations of Bah Hima against Bah Mawrie are baseless, untrue and biased,” said Bah Justice in a statement. He said that in the six years that Bah Hima has been in politics, he has changed his party and foundation for the fourth time.
In this pandemic, we may only see the march of day laborers in other states, but we should also know that only 10 days and two days after the announcement of the curfew in this state, jar Early in the morning, many of the day laborers left Shillong and walked to return to their villages.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the PA leaders, who did not want to be named, said, “We have tried to fulfill the desire of the people to form a government led by the ethnic parties. Therefore, we must work together to get a strong government because after we understand that the attempt to form a government without the NPP and BJP has failed. We too have decided to work together as we have worked together in the past five years to get a strong government that can provide services to the people in all aspects”.
“We have fought since 1872-73, we got the decision during the tenure of the then Deputy Commissioner, WS Clerk, in 1878, which is 146 years ago,” said Mani. .
Referring to the border demarcation, Bikash said, “If the government authorities send us to Meghalaya or Assam, it doesn't matter, we are ready to obey, because we don't have any authority but only I don't agree.
Shillong: The meeting of the High Power Committee (HPC) was attended by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, the Minister of PWD Building, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare. The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma and others and at this meeting held in the Assembly today, the Assembly decided to appoint a committee of inquiry to investigate the causes of the collapse of the statue. They also visited the left wing, right wing, Lamphang's room, Prime Minister's room and the ground floor of the building.
Earlier, Bah SD Khongwir, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum, said that no authority should interfere with the Khasi people because they are a people who know man and know God.
“In fact, when we look at projects like this, the foundation stone laying ceremony here in Rilbong is only through the MDA II government, which has been allocated by the state which has been able to make this complex go ahead,” he said. added.
In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills Batlang S Sohliya, IAS, the Kharsahnoh Kur Seng introduced itself as the organization that looks after the welfare of all the Kharsahnoh Kur throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
When asked whether there will be any defectors, Abhishek Banerjee said, “Maybe there will be such a thing, but the AITC does not hold anyone to stay with it”.
Speaking at the Asia Pacific Leaders Conclave on Malaria Elimination held in New Delhi, Dr Saha said that the lack of access to adequate treatment facilities and the lack of prompt treatment The state government has been able to reduce the impact of the disease on the state government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11 : The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr. WR Kharlukhi, on Tuesday said that they sympathize with the BJP leaders in the state as the central government has not listened to their requests. implementation of Inner Line Permit in the State.
One of the most important things is that the selection process for sportsmen should not be impartial and special allocation in educational institutions and employment should be for all without discrimination of race or class.
The event was enriched by songs and dances by the students.
The road has been constructed at a cost of Rs 18 crore under the World Bank-funded Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP) scheme.
The program was inaugurated by Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC Ranikor Constituency, along with T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner of Horticulture, Meghalaya. , Dr. Ashraf Kamal, BDM, APEDA, Guwahati, and others who attended the meeting.
Suklin Dohling used to be a krai farmer, but now she has become a producer and seller of krai beverages.
Replying to the question, 'Can India do anything to bring peace between Russia and Ukraine?', Blinken said India under the leadership of the Indian Prime Minister - Narendra Modi, Narendra Modi, said he hopes to bring peace between Russia and Ukraine because India is a close friend of Russia and it is only in India that Russia can listen to him. her advice and awareness.
The poster said, “Rajsaheb-Uddhavsaheb, join us now.
Please be informed to all those who travel by vehicle to government offices or workplaces in Lawmali Pyllun, as there will be a temporary restriction on entry and exit and parking. Vehicles along the road during the cleanliness drive except those vehicles going to hospital.
Therefore, in order to solve the problem of the people and also the drivers of the 108 Ambulance, the union urges the government to send a better 108 Ambulance to the CHC, so that It will be of benefit to the public as well as to the ambulance drivers.
However, to shorten the understanding, it is better to remove the word 'Jngai' so that if we say, 'Kur Jngai,' they will become jngai without fail. There is no feeling of nearness, because they are ashamed or sorry to be near or not to be near because they are far away.
During the inspection, the CEM gave a strong warning to all the cement plants to follow the rules and regulations in order to ensure the smooth entry of goods into the cement plants.
The Minister in charge of Transport, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, has not come out to comment on the increase in the price of petrol and diesel which has affected the people in all aspects. He also found that he has not been at his workplace since the beginning of the strike.
He said that now that the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam have come forward to resolve the border issue, there has been a surprise among other parties that the NPP has become stronger and more powerful after the NPP. This has been going on for 50 years.
However, the union is disappointed that the magistrates in the area have allowed these foreigners to enter the state, while the government is still strictly monitoring the entry and exit from one country to another. The state, especially Assam which is the neighboring state and has increased the number of cases of COVID-1
The following are the artifacts of Mar Nongpoh which can still be seen today.
As the days go by, it seems that the places especially in Motphran, Ieduh and Khyndailad have become too crowded.
Hundreds of students of the college from Arts, Commerce and Science Stream joined the protest.
We must be clear that the most important objective of the RSS is the spread and propagation throughout India of its ideology, which we all know as 'Hindutva ideology'
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah L.War Secretary of Pyndenglawar Village said that the village has decided that whatever happens, the village will not allow these illegal activities. liquor stores will still be within the village.
The soldiers were able to dive only 30 feet into the water, and the water is still about 70 feet and they are waiting for the water to recede.
Interviews were also held with players and representatives from various political parties.
The claim that agriculture is the source of income for the state is only to cajole the farmers to continue farming and harvesting every year while their crops will continue to be harvested. The mahajon of the state is not appointed by the government.
“Although the NPP is the party in power in the state, we don't agree with the way it works, so we have to find ways and means together with the BJP. “It is closest to the people especially in the rural areas,” she said.
In the complaint, Marak, through his lawyer, said that the state government has said that so far, there are 16 parking lots across the state and by the end of this month. , will reach 23, these bridges, of which 4 new ones, will be operational, in the next two months.
Speech was delivered by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar Chiefs, who proposed to cooperate to protect the rights of the people.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by Bah Janai Nongkynrih who said that the Khasi youth should remember the dignity and manners from home and not to do anything wrong but to respect the language they speak. .
Speeches were also delivered by Kitborlang Dkhar, President, EJNC-CEC, Mehi Rymbai, General Secretary, EJNC-MEU, Training Phawa, President EJNC-WZ. I'm from Milis Dkhar.
Shillong: The Wah Lukha Association (WADA) on Tuesday held a meeting with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on the 27th of this month. They also requested him not to auction the Wah Lukha to private individuals as usual every year and also requested him to hand over the management of the Wah Lukha to the 6 villages living in the area. It is located near this river under the jurisdiction of the Association.
“I have learned recently that the Assam government has set up another small gate to collect money from the farmers who transport their produce to Mukroh.
Speaking to media, Hamlet said that the land at Umshyrpi which belongs to the old bridge under the jurisdiction of the PWD has been released after the construction of the current bridge.
The AJCA (AJCA) has reached the semifinals of the Open Twenty20 Cricket Tournament (AJCA) after HUCC beat Amity by four wickets in the first innings. Chutwakhu on Monday.
"Perhaps, do you know that Jesus came and is now somewhere in different parts of the world? From generation to generation, there are many people who suffer for others and who do not themselves for righteousness and truth.
The PHC has four grade IV staff. On the part of the Rangbah Shnong of Pdeinshakap, Forward Shylla, he said that the PHC has provided the best service to the people of the area and all the staff. They are hardworking but we as the village and as the people in this area we see that the burden of their work has been too much.
Bolero pick up ML 10 B is available for Rs 5,50,000/-
The Knowledge Sharing Event was attended by C.Kharkongor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner. MCS, ADC, MCS, EAC, government officials and participants from various villages.
Recalling the outcome of the Forum, the SDDF in a statement said, “The SDDF leaders have already met with the Prime Minister on 26th March, 2022 where he promised to look into this. the demand of the people of Sohra as a whole.
Speaking on the dangers of drugs, he urged the youth and everyone to avoid drugs, and through various examples he encouraged the youth to be mentally strong. and to be disciplined.
Regarding the Muster Roll by this person from Nalbari Assam inside the area, the union cannot accept and demanded from the authorities to remove it immediately, because the union feels “Such a job can be done by the Khasi youth and the unemployed,” said Bah Elvis Kyrsian.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government will not be able to take over the operation of the EMRI emergency 108 service in the state. He promised that the contract with GVK to run the project will be terminated.
“We are waiting for the approval of Governor KK Paul on Monday,” said Bah Nongrum.
Shillong, July 25: Ryan Nongsiej, who won the title of Mr. India 2023 at Sangli, Maharashtra, has been selected to represent India at the upcoming International Pageant. in Vietnam in July,
The union therefore wants to relocate the timber factory to another location, so as not to affect the welfare of many churches.
Leong was also arrested along with his son Kimfa Marbaniang.
Furthermore, those who wish to remove their or their family members' names from the electoral roll please do so before 9/12/2023 and those who wish to apply for new EPICs due to loss. , or correct or correct errors or mark PWDs to take action on these specified days.
If there are many scientists in the Assembly, it will lead to confusion in the administration.
Shillong, Iaiong 6: Former Defense Minister Robert G Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the state government should make it clear whether the HNLC is a criminal party or an independence party.
Kamphereiei Pala is the son of Kratis Pala and Emle Pachiang.
On the 18th and 24th of November, another young woman was scammed on Facebook and lost T.1,81,9
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik and Shiladitya Dev, Chairman of the State Linguistic Minority Board, Assam, Hek said that the meeting was a success. The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, has expressed his concern over the government's lack of action to maintain peace and order in the state.
He was appointed Parliamentary Secretary of the Congress party eight years before taking over the post of Minister of State.
Sangma said that mental illness is a serious illness that the health department needs to take action on and during the outbreak of COVID-19 people are in the midst of depression and anxiety. and there are also incidents which have caused people to take their own lives.
Superintendent of Police (Traffic) K Prasad said that due to the organization of the golf tournament, there will be a change in the traffic from Lad Mawroh to Golflink.
However, although she received this knowledge only from her mother, none of Kong Dorothy's children could do this job.
The Minister of State for Education, Nagaland, Temjen Imna Along, has expressed his appreciation for the partnership between IIM Shillong and the Nagaland State Government and has praised the knowledge and skills of IIM and this will bring about a change in the country. education at the highest level in Nagaland.
Superintendent of Police S.Nongtnger said that these robbers send messages or telephone to inform about KYC and there are cases where they pretend to be Customer Care/Leaders and send them to install Apps. such as Team Viewer, Quick Support, Any Desk and others.
The KUT is a protective barrier against intrusion or attack by foreigners.
“The Government at its meeting today has decided not to pay the fare for the youth to return to Meghalaya, but will provide vehicles from the airport and railway station as part of the “It's not like I'm going to be able to take my children from Guwahati,” said Prestone Tynsong.
The rice drowned include Branli Marwein, Tholing Kharlyngdoh, Ispilian Mawlieh and Eldaris Thongni and others.
In Rangblang Sohsyniang, the Bishop still has his mothers and fathers and many Khas.
It has also infected 2,494 people and killed 858 people in the country.
It also mentions the sudden reminder to the families of the strong advice from the father of the household and the syllok sylliang from the mother of the household.
This initiative, if implemented, will usher in a new workflow for tenants where most of their tenure away from home requires them to move residences from one place to another, especially in areas where they are foreigners in the fields, the refusal to delete their names from the Electoral Roll from the Constituencies because they have a place of residence and residence in their own village.
He said that if Dr. Mukul Sangma continues as the leader of the Congress party, it will be the last day of the party in Lum Khasi Hills. the hshuh to do the work.
The RBYF leader said that there are many heavy trucks using this road, where the presence of heavy vehicles and especially those heavy vehicles that pass through this road, has caused problems. to the people and how much more to the people who are working on this road.
The High Court has directed the state government and Jaimaa Coal Private Limited to respond to the documents and letters received, and the hearing will be held again on July 1,
Jowai, Naitung 15: The Seiñ Raij Tuber wishes a happy Behdeiñkhlam to the Seiñ Raij Tuber. The Seiñ Raij Tuber Festival is the biggest Behdeiñkhlam in Meghalaya where the children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber live. throughout the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
We have our own border between Khasi and Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills and these borders are still standing.
In the semi-final, it was a thrilling match for both sides and in the end, they scored 10 goals each.
The Prime Minister said that AMR is a threat to the health of people around the world and all the advances in medicine so far.
(b) waste such as children's clothes, clothes, etc. shall be placed in bags provided by the companies manufacturing these goods or in special bags as directed by the Village Authority. , these shall be placed in collection points for dry or non-rotten waste.
The death toll in the Gaza Strip has risen to 4,469, while 1,400 people have been killed in Hamas's offensive against Israel.
The Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District today protested against the smuggling of coal from Assam to the foreign coal factories in East Jaintia Hills.
Take Meghalaya alone, there are still many people who have moved to other states on their journeys, who have to stay where they are.
Shillong, June 24: Meghalaya beat Andhra Pradesh in the final match of the Elite Group A of the Women's Senior T20 League in Puducherry on Sunday.
The meeting was held to express to him the delay in the construction or starting of the NEHU Jowai Campus at Wahiajer. West Jaintia Hills.
(7) To do their works righteously, not to be selfish.
However, the HNLC has not taken responsibility for the blast on the night of the 9th of this month.
Earlier I spoke to the leaders in Delhi".
Jerusalem is a sign of the times for the world that points to the last days before Jesus came to earth.
“Our nature is that we are human beings and we love our fellow human beings.
Samla Jesmica who scored 92.33% marks in her speech expressed her gratitude to God and her parents by saying that without her parents she could not reach her goal. .
Shillong, July 17: U President of the BJP, Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that under his leadership, the BJP will reach all the constituencies of the state. “We hope that the Lotus flower will bloom in all the villages of the state, we will go to all the villages and townships of the state. “I would like to announce to the people that the BJP is a national party and it is also a party that stands for the development of the people,” said Ma Shibun Lyngdoh. on Saturday of the week.
All these things do not happen without God's knowledge and happen within His appointed hours.
MCTOOA President Augustine Shanpru said that the Fourlane road from the beginning to the end of Umsning village is not a Fourlane road and there are also places where the road has been damaged.
Shillong, Naitung, 27: U Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Spokesperson of the Government, on Friday strongly condemned the article published by the Legal Rights Observation (LRO) on Twitter. It is alleged that the KSU members and a group of the Presbyterian Church were involved in the clash at Mahadev Khola on the 24th of this month.
Ladthadlaboh have 9 points from 40 games while Nangbah Mulang have 7 points.
He said the SHM strongly condemns this statement by the KAAC leader and makes it clear that this person has no knowledge of the history and truth regarding the land in Mukroh. He said that it should not be forgotten that the KAAC was established only in 1952 but the people of the Khasi Pnar community have settled in Mukroh, Psiar, Khanduli and Block II. Block-1 (Labang Nongphyllut) has lived for hundreds and thousands of years and the Khasi Pnars in these areas are the indigenous people and the owners of the land.
“They ask us about the metor area and say what this government has done and how long it will take, the people are angry these days,” he said. 48 years ago, when you were in government.
The union has also sent a letter to the Union Minister in charge of Transport, Shipping and Highways, for the purpose of creating the necessary facilities to build public toilets in the areas. “There are many people on these two highways including the 4-lane road and the Shillong By-pass,” said Samla Everjoy Nongpluh.
He also complained about the irregularities and orderly allocation of funds for the Smart City project in the state, the dismissal of those contractors involved in the collapse of the newly built dorbar hall in Mawdiangdiang, The Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state have listened silently and given reasons.
In the second semifinal, South West Khasi Hills beat North Garo Hills 25-21, 17-25, 23-25, 25-17, 17-1 In the women's category, the girls of South West Khasi Hills District beat East Khasi Hills 25-14, 20-25, 25-18, 25-1 .
Shillong has a population of 2.68 lakh.
These youths have passed since 2010, but the government has not yet appointed them even after learning that there are vacancies in the offices of government departments.
Shillong, July 26: Speaking to reporters, the leading supporters of Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA Congress from Umroi constituency, said that in recent days, Ma Ngaitlang has announced to them that They said that he has told them that in 2018 he will return to Umroi not as a Congress MLA but as an NPP MLA. Ngaitlang said that they too are now ready to join the NPP but are waiting for their MLA to resign from the Congress party.
The Prophet Micah also said, “But thou Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth are from everlasting" Micah 5:2
The percentage is the source of income today.
The inability of the state government to curb the illegal transportation of coal has caused a huge loss in revenue collection of the state government and has also brought about a loss to the state government. He said that the government has failed to adopt strict austerity measures to ensure that there will be no waste of public money.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HSPDP) has decided to nominate an MDC candidate from Mylliem constituency after Teilinia Thangkhiew has left the party.
He said that all the hospitals which have contracts with the scheme should provide help desks for the beneficiaries of the scheme. They put only sign boards which the people don't know how to do.
“Unlike in 2020, this time, the Government has not provided special accommodation for the Frontliners to quarantine themselves, after they have been in contact with Covid-19 patients.
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar received 10,678 votes and defeated Congress candidate Carness Sohshang by 1272 votes.
Those who came to Shillong have already arrived at the JN Stadium Complex and the examination has gone smoothly before they leave for their respective places, the report said.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: The Special Judge (POCSO), West Jaintia Hills District, after a hearing on the 13th of this month, has found through sufficient evidence that a man was involved in the rape of a woman. a 15-year-old girl and decided to punish him.
By saying that there is no opposition, he has ignored the rule of law because Dr. Mukul Sangma is the leader of the opposition.
Let us see how the MDA government and its ministers will treat the constituencies of the 14 opposition MLAs.
The book was launched at a meeting held at the Bible House of Mairang Presbytery in the presence of Rev. GPL Gadew, Rev. IW Nongsiej, both Ex Moderators of KJP Western Synod and Pastors. to Mairang Presbytery.
Ka Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12- Daloi sends its condolences to all the family members of the children of the raiot and wishes them all the best in the future. Elaka is also the same.
Prime Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has ordered an immediate inquiry into the incident, while Congress President Sonia Gandhi has expressed her anger over the incident.
The deceased were identified as Pynshailang Ryntathiang, 28, Banshanlang Ryntathiang, 26, brothers and sons of Yearly Khongwar of Lumshyiap, Shillong and Alwinly. Khongwar, 32, son of Demion Khongia, of Jaiaw, Lane Salane, Shillong.
The reason for the lack of Internet connectivity is that the public is facing problems due to the lack of Internet connectivity at all times.
Shillong, March 20: The Congress MDCs who have resigned from the KHADC have not yet decided whether to join the party. that they should join but they are still in the midst of thinking.
He says you don’t see all these things? Verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.
If you refuse this medicine, it is as if you are inviting the Nepalis and the Assam police.
It reminds me of those times when I was with you in the park or restaurant.
India has the highest number of cases in the world since 2nd June
stay in the lynga of Pisa.
The one who caused the trouble and the guard who was responsible for ensuring that there were no troublemakers should be imprisoned together because both parties were wrong.
Many vehicles especially polling vehicles which were about to pass through the polling station had to turn back because they could not pass the road because the road was blocked by trees and stones in the middle of the road. and the lights shall divide the road in the middle.
Such an incident shocks everyone and how it affects the families of those who died cannot be explained because it was a shock without any signs that a person can take precautionary measures.
Bah Paila Lyngkot in his speech urged the new office bearers to be hardworking and to serve better the passengers who rely on commercial vehicles.
Jesus is greater than Adam, greater than Abraham, Daniel and others, although they existed on earth before Jesus, but Jesus existed from eternity.
If the 60 MLAs do not discuss the border issue in the Legislative Assembly, it will show that they are stingy on this issue and also that they do not care about the people living on the border.
When asked about the demand for the government to take over the teaching posts, Dr Laloo said it is necessary to think carefully about this.
He said that he had discussed with the CEM regarding the government's delay in sending the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer and the CEM promised to take action.
These can be displayed or shared with the public through social media and WhatsApp.
Shillong, July 13: The Government of Meghalaya has clarified that the scheme does not benefit those who suffer from alcoholism and suicide after receiving comments from those who oppose the implementation of the scheme.
However, these factories, companies, government boards have become increasingly fragile these days, where the money is plentiful with the assistance from the central government and there are many opportunities for the government to create opportunities to strengthen. to him.
Replying to Sawkmie's statement that the reason for his departure from KHNAM is because of the lack of leaders, Saibon said that Process has always left the party from the UDP to the MDP and then to the KHNAM. Pyndap, who was accompanied by other KHNAM leaders including CEM Adelbert Nongrum and Mawkhar MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit, said.
Imphal, Naitung 3: A man named David Thiek was beheaded along with three other villagers in Manipur on Saturday. They were shot dead in Langza village, inhabited by Hmar and Kuki, in Churachanpur district.
Referring to the past, Prof. Majaw said that songs like “U Sier Lapalang” written by Morkha Joseph tell us that Lapalang came to the Khasi Hills from the Bramaputra.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Klew, Ri Bhoi District, has strongly condemned the killing of Bah Mangkara Khymdeit, an elder from Klew Village, who was shot dead on the night of the 9th at Klew Village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30 : Meghalaya beat Karnataka by nine wickets in the BCCI U-25 Men's State A Trophy on Tuesday in Mohali, Punjab.
The mid-term elections in Shella have been postponed after the sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roy recently.
“Through the Shillong Geophysical Research Centre, they will be able to monitor and analyze the temperature changes from time to time during the earthquake,” he said.
Nongpoh: Chief Ministers from five Constituencies in Ri Bhoi District today inspected the Screening Center for the entry and exit of foreigners. The Screening Center, Ri Bhoi, has found that there are still some shortcomings in the Screening Center at 13Mer Tamulkuchi.
Government money is the sweat and toil of the people.
“Hopefully through this Counselling Centre, the Mylliem Mandal Women's Union will be able to work and serve better the people of Mylliem,” he said.
Speaking after the 40th Anniversary of the KSU in Mawkhar on Saturday, on the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 by the Central Government, Lambokstarwell said, “If the Government of India does not listen to the demands of “It is better for the Government of India to declare that the North East does not fall under the Constitution of India”.
The party has also asked the government and the Symbud Myntri in charge of PWD Roads who will be responsible for the landslide. Dominic S. Wankhar Jt., said in a statement.
Shillong, Nailar 17: On the 13th of this month, the residents of Thyllaw, Dwara Nongtyrnem Sirdarship, came to meet with the journalists at Shillong Press Club and showed the signs of injuries and bruises. It is alleged that this was due to the robbery of the Mawlongbna people under the leadership of the Syiem of Mawsynram, Pa'iem Amos Malniang.
The election campaign in Sohiong has been the subject of criticism between the UDP and the NPP, which are part of the MDA-II government, while other parties have been more critical.
“They can do this because they have their own money, not only the PHE which can provide them with drinking water,” he said.
These leaders have been able to demonstrate their ability as MLAs to raise and speak on issues that affect not only their constituencies, but the state as a whole.
The Yatra was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the 15th of this month at Khunti, Jharkhand. reached more than 1 lakh people and 259 Gram Panchayats on the first day.
Shillong: The Union of Village Youth Services (SSSS) Upper Shillong has met with the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling to express its concern over the sudden removal of Donboklang. Thabah from the list of selected candidates to attend the DTO office, Shillong.
The Government has also rejected the HPC's request for three months to respond to the proposal submitted by the Government.
Then at the Last Supper, Jesus said “Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? The words which I speak unto you I speak not of myself; but the Father who abides in me does his works” (John 14:10).
Sinwar, a former Hamas military commander, spent more than 20 years in Israeli prison and was released in 2011 in a prisoner swap between Hamas and Israeli troops. .
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, told reporters that the District Special Cell Police have raided the government employee and arrested him while he was taking the knife. T.5000 as the first installment before paying another T.5000 to provide T.10000 for the permit.
For the RKYV scheme, out of T.244 crore allocated by the Central Government, only T.34 crore has been used.
He said that when he speaks of the government of Narendra Modi he means all the members of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha and when he speaks of the Chief Minister of West Bengal he does not mean only the members of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha. rather, it refers to all state chief ministers.
It is difficult to say that the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF and BJP are members of the same family.
The race will start from Polo Parking Lot at Golflinks-Mawroh-Sanker-Shillong Science Centre.
However, when the work started, many complaints arose against the site and those complaints prevented the establishment of the CHC in Amlarem.
Because it’s a job that affects everyone.
If the MLA/MDC/MP holds these teachings, we will undoubtedly have a clean governance in the society, where there will be no corruption, no corruption. It is one of the social problems these days, which leads to backwardness in many areas.
The bronze medals were won by Ribhoi and West Goaro Hills.
Raghubar Das, the Chief Minister of the state, lost the contest against Saryu Roy, an independent candidate, by 10,000 votes.
He urged us to fight as hard as we can to run according to righteousness, to speak clearly, and to throw out deceit.
After the ceremony, he was crowned by King Balajied Singh Syiem and dressed in ryndia by King Laborius Syiem. Friends and residents of Raid Wahkhen to extend their love and respect to the Sordar of Raid Wahkhen, to welcome him with flowers and shake hands.
Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Vice President of the HYC Central Body, said that the HYC has received information on the 16th of this month through the parents of the students who have lodged a complaint with the HYC. , on the theft of questions, but could not do anything, because she did not have sufficient facts, and followed up on the matter until she immediately got hold of the stolen questions. The children have to take the Khasi subject tomorrow.
Kohli said that at the meeting yesterday, there was no discussion on the Lok Sabha elections, but only on the party's performance in the last elections. then there are the preparations of the organization itself as a political party.
There was also a statement that the Khasi Jaitbynriew can never be united, how can it be united when we have been divided into those who are wise, happy, and proud only of themselves? Just because you have a high level of education in different fields, just because you know how to write or just because you know how to explain about any part of the Jaitbynriew and just because of your fellow citizens. Besides Hynniewtrep, there were also the children of Li Dohkha and the children of Pahsyntiew. They are the Kur Longsyiem Mansyiem within our nation and also from the Tangjait. There have been many Kurs who have become longdoh longsnam in the Jaitbynriew. Therefore, if you are truly intelligent and intelligent people, you should understand clearly that our Khasi people are one and if we think carefully about the family relationship between our Khasi people, we have Explain that our Jaitbynriew doesn't have such a sub-tribe that you have misunderstood, misunderstood and misled.
This is that which was spoken of by Daniel the prophet, saying, Standing in the holy place" (Matthew 24:15).
In 2014, he had only T.32,700 in cash, a bank balance of T.26.05 lakh and a fixed deposit of Rs 32.48 lakh.
Shillong: The State Government has warned all government employees not to take part in any election rallies, meetings and protests organized by political parties.
Tongkhar said that according to the report of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, out of the 25 villages on the list of villages under the dispute, 23 will come to Meghalaya and 2 villages will come to Meghalaya. I'm going to Assam.
Shah left for Bhopal on Tuesday evening to attend the meeting.
The completion of the lecture by Tbn.O Upstar will be on 4/08/2
This means that the lockdown that was imposed for three days has been turned into a lockdown.
He said that the use of Aadhaar is only for those who should benefit from the implementation of Government services, especially in terms of payment of employees. through Online Payment with Aadhaar linkage with their Bank Accounts.
Himanta's claim is groundless and could cause confusion among many people especially those in the border areas, said Sungoh.
She said that before the BJP gave her support, she had already talked to the leaders of the BJP, Congress, UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM and TMC.
However, for Ranikor, there is no agreement among the political parties in the MDA government to support one candidate, especially the UDP, as it has decided not to elect its own candidate. this time, not water in Ampati.
Shillong, July 19 : The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) on Tuesday concluded the Meghalaya State Schools U-15 Chess Championship Laban Sport Club, Shillong with the participation of 20 schools from different districts of the state.
The stronghold shall perish from Ephraim, the kingdom of Damascus, and the remnant of Syria, the glory of the children of Israel, saith the LORD.
It also poses a threat to the residents and people passing by on this road.
The club has also faced a major problem in the middle of the match, with captain Marco Silva being sent off on a red card during the match. to join the team for the next two matches.
He said he has now returned to the UDA after discussing the misunderstanding that arose at that time.
Bhalang was still playing myllen with his younger brothers in the village square which was only a stone's throw away from his house.
The President of JSM Wapung Unit, Samla Kerbhame Dkhar, said that the JSM Wapung Unit has also demanded that the law enforcement authorities should punish the robber by sdien Phasi so that such incidents will not happen again. play chess.
It is also worth mentioning that the presence of garbage in the canal, not only causes the smell of Iwtung, but also causes problems during the rainy season and causes the area to flood, because of the garbage. Those who live in the river have set up all the places where the water can flow.
The JSU said that the problem of admission to the college has been going on for three or four years, but the government and the education department have not taken any responsibility. .
On the other hand, the Seng urges these students from the village to succeed in their studies and not to allow poverty to be a stumbling block and force them to drop out of school temporarily.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Smat Massar, a woman who used to treat people in Amlarem and Jowai, said that she had a disease. tyrsaiñ for many years and this woman is very poor and cannot afford to send herself for treatment although she has tried to go to other health centers which she cannot afford.
We must love the old customs and traditions if we love the nation, with the advent of social media, TV, smart phones these days, the nation itself from children to adults have followed it. If we want the nation to survive, we must love our own customs and traditions.
However, he died at 11 pm last night and police have sent for a post mortem.
One of the Ministers, who did not want to be named, said, “On my part, I will demand to talk to the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, that he should make public or release this report so that the people shall be light, and shall not dwell in darkness.
The MR also directed the Chief Secretary and the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Revenue and Disaster Management to send clear information on the damage to houses and farmland.
Speaking to media, the President of HITo, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the ACHIK has sent a letter to the Director of Urban Affairs, Bah E Kharmalki to demand the suspension of the project. The Garo people are only misleading and trying to divide the nation without facts.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The 17th General Assembly of the Warjri Kur Warjri Union will be held on the 12th of March at Mairang Village, West Khasi Hills District.
The reporter went to see for himself, and saw that the night was very cold, and the snowfall has put a serious threat to these houses, which may collapse at any time.
Has this money reached the ASHAs? It is surprising to see the ceremony of honoring or distribution of additional funds to the ASHAs in some villages.
The time passed about two weeks.
Christians (Church) listen.
When you give the right opinion, you are turned into politics, and if you listen, you are accused of not being involved.
However, if they do not want this 5 lakh, NEEPCO will pay them not less than T.2000 per month or according to the market conditions which will increase from year to year per household for up to 20 years.
Shillong: The Arts and Culture Department of Meghalaya (State) on 11-13th November, 2019, at the State Central Library, Mewanpynbhalang Tham (Class XII Arts) of RKM HS School, Sohra won the first prize.
Out of these 87 students, 74 students have passed matriculation (SSLC) and 13 students have passed class 12 (HSSLC).
However, he expressed his regret that the KHADC department has been slow to complete the process, without informing or respecting the party which has taken responsibility for this.
Nongstoiñ: Three persons have robbed and demanded money from the tax collector of Andrew Charles Gare at Miangmawdar village.
To encourage the villages to fight against COVID-19, a financial assistance of T.10,000/- has been donated to each operational Community Quarantine Centre.
The Prince of Wales, Charles, was arrested on 23rd October and after being tested on 25th October, he was found to have symptoms of Coronavirus. Virus' but your body is strong.
“The NPP is not only forcing the AITC MLAs but also other political parties who have joined hands in the MDA government. they have changed it and this is not pleasant to see.
It depends on the ability of the people to tolerate and reject the illegal money which is only for the purpose of enslaving them and ring sdot them all.
And we're not worried.
At this conference, the Minister of Home Affairs will deliver a speech from Chandigar on 'Drug Trafficking and National Security'
He said that after receiving information that these men belong to a poor family and have been affected by the disaster, he could not just listen but to go and help them.
During a search of the vehicle, police found nine soap boxes containing heroin, weighing 75 grams.
It is written in the book that when Woh Kiang was arrested by the British government and sentenced to Phasi, the relatives of Woh Kiang did not dare to leave even if they were arrested.
(3) It proves that you have eternal life.
The Voice of the People (VPP) Khliehriat Circle has called a public meeting on the National Highway 6 on 18th November.
At the same time, he said the BSF has not yet confirmed the whereabouts of Drishti Rajkhowa who was involved in the bomb blast in Paltan Bazar in Guwahari.
On this occasion, the Sordar said that the woman did not report the incident on the 6th June 2019, but they received information from the media on the 10th June
They left Shillong on the 11th of this month to take part in the 31st North East Zone Junior National Athletic Championship.
Lait was also a member of the committee of the Dorbar Shnong New Nongstoin when he was still alive.
“You have supported two political parties (Congress and NPP) and you have seen the results,” he said.
Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin, who is known as one of the greatest uranium miners in the state, passed away this morning at about 11:30 pm.
North-Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum has given 15 days to the State Government to evacuate the residents of Mawlong Market otherwise he will take other measures.
Better utilization of surplus products from agricultural activities like parali will solve the emerging problem of air pollution and promote hygiene, environment and recycling of surplus products.
What is the meaning behind this plan, I cannot imagine.
Police, who received a tip-off, rushed to the scene and suspect that the woman was murdered.
Sun-Divisional Police Officer, Kailashahar Shibu Chandra Dey said that a few of these soldiers sustained serious injuries and were taken back to the Border Outpost (BOP). after they have access to treatment options.
The union said that the market is located in the middle of the village and is like a heart, surrounded by seven villages in Umsning town.
Keith Giles says that Romans 8:28 can be translated as follows: “We know that God works with us who have received the love of God, who desires us to do good. desire to restore the destroyed and destroyed natural world, which we see around us today.
“In the past year, we have seized 11.6 kilos of heroin, 4600 kilos of marijuana, 50,000 bottles of jyrhoh, 42,000 pages of kuli yaba and 47,000 grams of other drugs,” said the DGP. “The spread of drugs is extremely high and for that reason we call on everyone to join hands to eradicate drugs and we will continue to eradicate drugs,” he added.
He said there is also a scheme of the central government called the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana (PMAY) which aims to provide housing to the poor and this scheme is now implemented in the state.
“We have thoroughly analyzed the security situation and there are minor incidents in the city and outside the city and we have decided to strengthen the security forces so that people can take “They will not be able to disrupt the peace and order,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The Mothers Union, has expressed its deep anger, in which the robbers, have raped the women and children, in which they have destroyed the dignity of these girls.
However, the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap in its meeting held on 29.9.2023 has decided not to cut down the trees.
Mawlai and Khliehmawlieh were scheduled to play at the PA Sangma Stadium and the match between these teams was fierce but Mawlai had more chances to shoot on target.
"When inquired, another of the applicants said, “Since 30th January, they (the army) have been suspended until April and on 23rd November 2021 a letter has come. please come and verify your documents.
A Design Innovation Resource Center in collaboration with NIFT has recently been set up at the Eri Silk Village, Umden Diwon.
Samla Namphrangmi L Talang, General Secretary of the Seng said, “We congratulate the village leaders who have selected the poor families to receive these assistance from the Seng. “We as the Association are helping you according to our ability,” he said. “We will continue to help them from time to time,” he said. poor families according to our capacity at any time and also to other villages which are still under our jurisdiction.
The Seng also asked whether the Order has been sent to the group but the answer is that he will look into how it works.
There has been protest from 45 villages of Sohra against the government's accounting of the funds.
I also advise you all not to neglect reading.
The foundation stone was laid by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Deputy CEM of KHADC PN Syiem, Executive Member of KHADC Teibor Pathaw, officers of the department and village headmen. at a meeting held at Vivanta, Shillong.
Nongpoh, March 27: With the aim of bringing about change in the Nongpoh Constituency and at the same time for the honorable victory of Bah CB Syiem, the candidate for the 2018 Election, today. Hundreds of women have joined the National People's Party (NPP) at a meeting held at Tespro Building Hall, Mawroh, Nongpoh.
Therefore, he appealed to the people to be vigilant against the slaughter of wildlife and birds, but to have the intention to preserve them so that they will not disappear from the face of the earth.
Until they can improve, from the beginning to the end of the market, it takes a lot of time because they have to work with their own hands.
The convener of SOMA LA, Bah W Anthony, said, “We demand that the Cabinet should not accept this soskular.
However, the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 cannot be repealed,” he said.
This means that we should avoid as much as possible the consumption of foods contained in various plastic containers.
It is to be recalled that on the 19th of this month, the Dolloi of Rymbai Elaka, Elios Swer, his brother-in-law Shanbistar Kharkongor and Rishanlang Swer drowned after their boat overturned while they were inspecting the area. hap within the Elaka.
Regarding the deterioration of this road, we urge the Chief Minister and the Government to take action to repair it, so that the taxi drivers and the public, can escape from this problem which they have faced in these days. all the years that have passed.
Noting that after 50 years, it has been found that this appointment requires a thorough review, the Secretary of KJCLF, Rev.Dr.Edwin H.Kharkongor in a statement said, “For the sake of peace and order. Our young people and the future, it is right to correct the mistakes that have not been seen or believed by the injustice and selfishness of many in the past as well as those who have now in power.
From time to time, those in power and the authorities often do not respond to what the demanders demand from them and their answer is always a promise to fulfill, but when asked This was in front of the college teachers after they expressed that they have been able to receive the arrear, whether they have been 100 percent to receive the arrear, the answer from them is that they have to pay attention.
“Although the works are going smoothly and on time, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been a suspension in the past years but the Government has set a target to complete within the last month. June 2024,” said Ma Sniawbhalang.
On the other hand, the FKJGP through Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, has strongly criticized the KHADC and especially the EM in charge of Trade, for the lack of attention of the District Council, has caused the owners of Factories in Umiam area and also for foreigners, to enter and leave at will in the area, because the law enforcement authorities especially the District Council, does not do anything or to check foreigners. and those who work in various factories in Umiam.
(Genesis 2:15) Similarly, the Internet is full of flowers (entertainment that appeals to people) and fruit (ways of making human beings happy. and on the internet whatever you want to do is all, here they are all because on the internet the whole world is covered.
Precious Tang (73) scored the second goal for Khimusniang in the 73rd minute.
All the employees of the Council are expected to arrive on Tuesday, although some of them have refused to start working while they have not yet received their salaries. .
“Many of the agencies when they provide counseling from Shillong do it in one way but when Khasi children arrive in Bangalore it is different and in many cases Khasi children face many problems,” he said. state.
The Minister also handed over a work order of T.25 lakh to the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat for the construction of the block office while the village has handed over the patta land to the government for the construction of the block office. build the Block Office.
“Farmers who wear juti with prek understand better the problems they face and therefore we will work together and discuss how to solve the problems of the farmers,” he said.
Noting that the BJP has already won the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura, AL Hek said, “Other former or sitting MLAs will soon come to join the BJP and we are waiting for them. but for a little while, and they shall come.
Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla distributed Puma Training Kits to all the children in the presence of Rangdajied United FC owner Eugeneson Lyngdoh, Finlyness Bareh MDC Rymbai and Lasky Rymbai Dy CEM JHADC. Leaders and Executive Members of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association and other dignitaries of the area.
“There has been a terrorist attack on religious leaders from Gujarat in Jammu and Kashmir.
The statement sent to the media also clarified that the attack was carried out by the GNLA and not by any other rebel group in Lum Garo such as the GNLA, ASAK or others.
We don't know exactly what those policemen did until they were beaten, but it is clear that they were in despair because they had to run away.
The KHADC has started the inspection from 10:30 am to 12 noon.
Wing star Lallianzuala Chhangte and best midfielder Greg Stewart won the Indian Player of the Year and Foreign Player of the Year awards. Player of the Year'.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has angry with BK Bajoria School for putting a Hindu idol on its batch of students.
Shillong: After the silence of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, the contract teachers who have been dismissed by the government, today marched to raise their grievances before the government.
Speaking on the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA), he said it is against the Constitution, because the Constitution promises equality to all citizens, regardless of race. their religion, race and humanity.
The Opposition Leader said that the reason why the EC has not handed over the matter to the Committee is because the ruling party led by Bah Ardent has not understood that if it is handed over to the Committee, Committee, their plan would fail, so they did it themselves.
Speaking to reporters, Kyrmen said he has no knowledge and does not recognize the four killers who have been arrested by the police. Through Facebook, u Bah Kyrmen has threatened to lodge a complaint at the police station because this is just an exploit by someone to defame him. He said that he is not the murderer as he has been posted on facebook and he has no knowledge. also in connection with the crime of murder.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued a notice on 27th June 2014 stating that the selection of those who will apply for medical courses from the Central Pool will be conducted by conducting an entrance test. state government.
On receiving information about the incident, the Nongstoin Police Station rushed to the scene to find out the facts and to complete all the necessary investigations. event.
Therefore, the residents of Mukroh village request the state and district authorities to resolve the boundary issue in this area as soon as possible so that it will avoid any incident between the Karbi people and the villagers. Khasi Pnar in this area.
Even those who have just returned from outside the State, we see that there are many foreigners who have stayed inside the State.
On behalf of the family of (L) Matheus Siangshai Ma Mor who passed away on 23 May 2021, we would like to express our gratitude to God for taking care of us and Your presence with us in such a sad time.
This has been an insult to our children in which we have to lose about 18 sq km of land which is not worth the slightest and our expectation that we will not lose. or take more than 1 sq inch.
Shillong, Nailar 11: Two drivers have been suspended for six months from driving under the influence of alcohol and their license has been revoked by the Licensing Authority. They were banned from driving after the court convicted them of violating the Motor Vehicle Act.
Congress Leader Saleng Sangma has suggested that the time has come to end the Reservation Policy for those households who have benefited once from this scheme, but to change the opinion. and to allow other families who have not yet benefited from this.
Lumshnong will soon have to leave the polluted village to be followed by Brishyrnot.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday announced that the JHADC will be included in the second phase of the border demarcation between Assam and Meghalaya in the Regional Committee of the West Jaintia Hills District. The Chief Minister said this at a public meeting held by the NPP West Jaintia Hills District at Madan Khmut Wasain, Mowkaiaw.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that Meghalaya has been free of Covid-19, with the results of the test conducted today. On Saturday, the test was negative and after 24 hours, the test was negative and today the test was negative and the person has recovered completely.
Vehicles are requested not to overtake and to stay in the lane.
The fee is 1500 (Khatsan Spah) per group.
Dr. Indira (RTD) IPRS of Civil Hospital was also present.
He (Bah Lambor Malngiang) has never been in the UDP and is not even an Associate MLA of the UDP, like Bah SK Sun and Samuel Sangma, both Independent MLAs. “I have decided not to move from the place where I have been for a year, to fight against the UDP-bula candidate of Kong Pretty and other current leaders,” he said. Bah Bindo said in a statement sent to the media.
The incident happened inside the Siam Paragon Mall, where the two men who were shot dead by the 14-year-old boy died.
The meeting was held at Infinity Hall, Jowai.
They are 10 million years old.
SK Lato, Rtn.
“In the NPP, we have not discussed this in the party and the unity of the ethnic parties in the East will lead us to fight against the BJP and Congress so that they cannot do whatever they want,” he said.
This is for women.
Besides, there is no fencing around the school from the old to the new.
“It is not enough to give a holiday, we need to build a strong monument here in Shillong,” said Bah Hamletson.
The preparation of the social agreement was without common knowledge.
The knowledge of the computer age which has surprised many churches especially our ancestors can no longer be understood in this age.
Please note that there is an error in your writing.
“I urge everyone to be orderly and to arrive on time,” said Bah Khrawbuit.
Kejriwal told reporters that Minister Atishi will visit the family of the child and the government has assured that it will punish the thief severely.
Last month, robbers attacked Laitumkhrah police station, where a vehicle outside the police station caught fire and arrested the suspects. event.
The KSU also said that if the Minister wants to bring the MDc constituency as an MLA, he should first turn to his own Pynursla constituency which has up to two. MDCs from Lyngkyrdem and Nongshken constituencies, and also asked how the people of the area would feel if these two constituencies were abolished and if only one was created.
The purpose of the donation to this college is to encourage and to be together and to work together at all times and to encourage the leaders to continue to stand firm despite many challenges they have faced. The meeting was held to discuss the issue of providing education to the youth of Sawsymper area.
He was charged on Thursday evening and is due to appear in Belfast Magistrates Court on Saturday.
Regarding the demand that the Dorbar Shnongs should no longer be empowered to decide on the appointment and dismissal of ASHAs, she said that according to the rules, ASHAs should work for up to 2 years and not for the same period. people.
The ceremony began with the lighting of candles and a memento was presented to the retired nurses.
The inauguration of the Maternal and Child Health Hospital by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has been like a blessing as the hospital is still closed.
The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that the HYC is ready to demand the Hynniewtrep Land or the Khasi Jaintia State if the reservation policy cannot be resolved.
However, many developed countries have put these customs in writing and have made them laws so that no one can take advantage of them.
Delhi Capitals beat Punjab Kings XI by 15 runs in the Indian Premier League (IPL) on Tuesday evening.
“We cannot accept this behavior of Assam, Assam should refrain from doing such things from now on,” he said. tyn all the two sides.
The body of Ma Ieid Hoping was brought from Shillong this morning and before reaching Nongstoin, there was a funeral service for him across the West Khasi Hills. In some parts of West Khasi Hills, school children have stood on the road to pay tribute to him. great.
Woe unto thee, if thou wilt not repent, for the time will come when God will pour out the bowl of wrath upon those who know the law and the doctrine, but reject the power of God. you are only because of your illness.
Before submitting her resignation letter, Roshan Warjri had met with MPCC President DD Lapang and after that she went to Dr Mukul's room.
He said that there is only one chowkidar at the hostel and when people come and ask, they say that they are the people of politicians.
SHILLONG: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has urged the various political parties of the Hynniewtrep people to stand together and not allow themselves to be spread.
Unfortunately, only the debt of the previous service has not been paid and they have to borrow money again for the new service.
“After this, she tried to call but there was no answer.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS immediately took action and sent a letter to the Chief Engineer of CPWD. ), Shillong and urged the department to take immediate action to repair the bridge on the Ïakang River near Lahaleiñ which has collapsed due to the floods during the He also directed the Chief Engineer to submit reports on the work they have done and will do in relation to the maintenance of the border bridge.
The WJHDCA also welcomes anyone who wishes to join or affiliate with the union and the fee is T.1000, while the renewal affiliation is T.
They include from the house of Bah Kyrshanbor Langrin, Ramsing Syiemlieh, Mary Thongni, Deicy Nongsiej and Theoris Nongsiej.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen sharply in the past 24 hours, with 9,971 new cases and 287 deaths. to 2,46,6
Nongstoin, July 3: The District Administration of West Khasi Hills together with government officials from various departments on Friday inspected the construction of houses and bridges in Nongkhnum District. in which the construction is now in full swing.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District has called a meeting with various civil society groups to discuss the proposal to build a railway line in Byrnihat.
“Although there is a ban on logging, illegal logging continues in parts of West Khasi Hills.
Many rural areas don't have medicines, they don't have doctors," he said.
Before the election 2023, these same people will come and call you again with bad words.
There are also cases where people hide even the disease because they are afraid that they will have to go to hospitals or quarantine facilities to keep the sick away from their relatives. .
While the Meingi has started to set again, preparations have been made to brighten the evening with the participation of the famous musicians Summersalt and the music of DJs including Fred, Meban. , and Jelly.
“I cannot say how much money we need, because only the PWD department has already collected the census and the Electricity Department is still collecting information and we are waiting for other departments to collect the information,” he said. score".
“I'm here...” Lanosha said. “Why...” Daplin asked. “How is it, Kongthei, that in these western parts of our country, people have too many children...” said Lanosha. ..." Daplin said. “I have lived in Shillong and I have seen that.
There were no casualties in the fire.
Earlier, Bah L.Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Mawten gave the welcome speech while A.Lyngkhoi, BPM gave the welcome speech.
“The Deputy Commissioner cannot proceed without receiving the report,” said Bah Tynsong.
The Sports Associations of the Districts and the State gather and run from one place to another to ask for assistance to hold the tournaments once a year.
Midoris Umdor, Secretary of the Association, Ritngen Umdor, Asst Secretary, welcomed the guests.
It is understood that they will also meet with the newly appointed AICC Chairman Dr CP Joshi.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to
Please inform the SSP CID (Coordinator) on 9863021516 or send a mail to this email ID, ahtu.
At best it will only take 20 to 30 minutes.
The purpose of his visit to Bangladesh is to meet with the government authorities of Bangladesh in order to strengthen trade between Bangladesh and our state.
He stressed that it is the responsibility of all people to protect the environment.
Therefore, Bah Disparsing, having seen and discovered with his own eyes, feels that somehow as contractors should have thought for the safety and dignity of this sacred place when they build or build these works on the top of this holy mountain of the nation.
Chahlang Police Chief said that the search operation by the GNLA is continuing in the area to track down the militants to ensure peace and order in the Chahlang area. hi all.
In a statement sent this morning, the President of the Union, said that the shooting of people by the police is like shooting wild animals without the spirit of knowledge of others. .
The Deputy Commissioner said that according to a complaint he received on Thursday, it was alleged that the food distributor of Wahkhen has not distributed foodgrains to 28 households of Wahkhen.
The public is also prohibited from publishing such videos, which mislead the public.
The presence of four herbs, Aloe Vera, Vetiver, Winter Cherry, and Country Mallow, when mixed together to produce traditional oil, will help blood circulation and strengthen the muscles. and helps in the development of children.
Shullai, who is also the BJP MP candidate in 2019, said that as the NPP is the highest paid party and also an ally of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA), there is no election. The NPP leaders have decided to support the NPP candidates from Shillong and Tura Lok Sabha seats.
Speaking to Rupang, the Rangbah Dong of the village, Richard Kharkrang, who was accompanied by the Secretary of the Village, Elias Syiemlieh, said that the cause of the landslide was due to heavy rainfall. It is also because of the tortious behavior of those who live higher up that they put the big trees that have been cut down in their place.
God says – My feasts.
The registration of all drilling agencies whether government, semi or private should be notified to the district authorities or the relevant authorities as applicable.
It is understood that the great followers understood the misguidance.
When asked how many of them came, they replied that they came from Barpeta, Goalpara, Nagoan, Hailakandi, parts of Lower Assam, Kamrup District and others.
The driver of the truck recognized the policeman who shot him and when he arrived at the Civil Hospital, he received information from the police at the Police Booth that the name of the policeman who shot the driver was SI- Monu Sing Diengdoh, 47, while the driver of the sumo was identified as Mobing Nongyndah,
According to the book Talawiar U Sohpetbneng, “the French and the East India Company declared war against the Burmese on 5 March
Johnson is married to his third wife and his second wife, Marina Wheeler, divorced in 2018. She works as a lawyer and has four children.
According to him, he worked in the government during the Assam period in various positions from 1955 to
The people judge and know that the MLAs don't have anything themselves and the scheme they provide belongs to the people and it is the duty of him or the MLA to deliver those development projects to the people. The people have made a promise in the election campaign by promising to take everything when they are empowered.
This job is marketable and usually offered after 4 pm.
In the year 2020 – 2021, a list or name of those who have received the farm scheme worth 12000/- per farmer should be received.
Thus Paul (Saul) who was one of the Apostles who had experienced the love of God for himself, admonished the other Apostles.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 5 cases and all of them are high risk contacts.
He said that the party will oppose any public hearing under Section 9(A), and the party will not allow such a proposal of the army.
Bah Kit Shangpliang and Samla Arku Nongrum, who are the organizers of the tournament, said that the special purpose of the tournament is to bring the spirit of friendship, unity and They also hope that this tournament will be held in the coming years for the development of the farmers.
About 2000 students from USTM, in the presence of dignitaries, including Mahbubul Hoque, Chancellor USTM, Prof GD Sharma, Vice Chancellor USTM and several leaders of USTM the Smile Train, Woodland Hospital, and the National Health Mission.
Similarly, the dress code of some women today should have no limits.
Who is not happy with you?
He said that in fact, the writing team has been done only by the Khasi since ancient times in the state, but it is something that surprises everyone because as found by the party, Almost all the shops in the District and in the State are owned by foreigners.
If we look at the movies about the lives of the world's most dangerous drug traffickers, we will see that their wealth is increasing.
'JAINTIA' – NAME OF HIMA, NOT OF PEOPLEThe ancient Khasi were very clever in naming themselves according to the Khasi Hima.
"Prime Minister Duh said that as per his promise when this group left the country, we are now celebrating the victory.
Kong Linda KongwangThe eye is the smallest but most important part of the human body.
When questioned by Jowai PS, Shiningstar Kyndait confessed that he had stolen 12 cows from Iongkaluh village to offer them for sale to the cow slaughterers in Demthring village. .
The new President of JHTOA Biangshwa Shylla and Secretary General Secretary Harpidiyou Suiam have requested all the truck owners to attend the meeting so that the work can go smoothly and to take a decision. Sarot I Man (SIM) on Sunday visited Kiang Nangbah Memorial to clean up and fertilize the trees planted in the past few months at Kiang Nangbah Memorial. Park, Golden String, Ring, Jowai.
“We are fortunate that the number of violence cases is very low and some of the remaining cases are in the middle of peace talks, where they are still talking to the central government officials. trouble.
He said the reason for the demand for ILP is after the political parties were surprised to see that the population in the state according to the 2011 Census has increased sharply, and this population has shocked the political parties. There is also a doubt whether this increase in the number of foreigners is due to foreigners and not from the indigenous people. The President of FKJGP said that the demand for ILP does not mean to expel or not to allow Dkhars in the state. , but it is the rule of law not to know what foreigners are doing in this state and you must have a permit before you can enter and do any work.
This branch has taught all righteousness, but no one has turned away from it.
Shillong, July 11: Retired Inspector General of BSF IM Mall has passed away.
There are those who want to leave their mother's house especially some of the sons of our country.
“We have been determined to work hard so that in 2023 the victory will come back to the NPP party,” he said.
Therefore, as a state, we expect that the best athletes will compete in major tournaments through the struggle to lead the state and the country as a whole through the support of each other. to climb up, said Mr. Eugene.
Furthermore, the Government's plan to introduce a law to allow only those people with 100 hectares of land to mine coal will also open up opportunities for non-tribals to exploit the trade.
Robert said that according to information received from AIIMS-New Delhi through a notice dated other AIIMS as per the availability of vacancies.
The player's judgment will be held on 26/03/2
The MPCC has elected Bah Bormanding Nonglang as the new President of the Meghalaya Pradesh District Congress Committee (MPCC). The District Youth Congress on the 1st of June held a meeting to honor the new President of the DCC. The meeting was held at the Congress Bhavan in Nongstoin. , in the presence of DCC Chief Adviser BK Bani, Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh, NBCC President Gabriel Wahlang, RBCC President Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang, Mairang BCC President Lambok Nongrang, Mairang BCC President S. Rashir from Mawshynrut BCC and Irin Lyngdon from Mawthadraishan BCC and others.
However, police said they will investigate further into the incident and the people who appeared in the viral photos.
Therefore, he is hopeful that he will not get the UDP ticket because the people still trust him if he does not apply for the ticket.
Referring to the Chief Ministers in Tripura, Himanta said the Chief Minister in Tripura will be from the BJP, while in Nagaland, where the BJP and other parties are working together, he said it will be from the BJP. the synroplang government.
The 13 persons were arrested yesterday after a complaint from shopkeepers that there was illegal collection of taxes in parts of West Khasi Hills and parts of Goalpara District in Assam. That the collection of money is very high in the Jadigittim market.
Besides phynsedyl, police also seized a large quantity of narcotic drugs.
The discussion on the issue raised by Teilinia was continued by other MDCs but while the discussion of the members of the House was going on, it was seen that Bah Pynshngaiñ had argued with Bah Sawkmie and I don't know how to speak, it's like they're talking.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Trinamool Congress MP in the Lok Sabha, Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar, today carried a Sohbaingon during the Dorbar and slowly shrut while speaking on the occasion. against the increase in the price of commodities and especially the increase in the price of gas.
Social Media Co-ordinator: Longspringful Ryngkhlem Lem with 25 Executive Members.
The awards will be given to those students who have passed well in the SSLC, HSSLC, Graduate, Post Graduate and CBSE examinations of this year
“Forget the NPP, like those parties, they don't have any value.
Bah Paul also questioned Bah Lahkmen's claim that he had no information regarding the shooting death of Khasi in Mukroh. He said that the Minister of Home Affairs has no right to shoot at the people. How can he take responsibility for the shooting? This department because he cannot fulfill his duties as the Minister in charge of Home Affairs.
It is time for us not to sit idle or wait until midnight but to read the trees in the shyiap that our ancestors have left behind.
Or just open the gate in Umling, there is no need to install a gate, you have to set up a gate in your own village.
A total of 16 persons led by Area Commander Philiport D Shira alias Sin Rakban including two ULFA members surrendered.
Looking at the traffic jam in Shillong, it is not long before the roads will become unsuitable for traffic in the coming years especially due to the large number of vehicles and two wheelers.
The union strongly opposes the DCC's quarrying in this area, because according to the union's investigation, the quarrying in this river has been done by machinery, which will not affect not only “It will affect and kill even the fish that live in the river,” said Banjop Maring.
The talk included topics such as Effective Communication, Empathy, Critical Thinking related to Decision Making and many Leadership Styles.
The competition is organized by the Indian Kayaking and Canoeing Association.
He recalled the times when there was a perception that India was a backward country and did not have the technology to help.
The sanctioned funds allocated for the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road should be taken to Shillong to complete the road construction in Shillong.
From the Garden of Eden to the Flood of Noah's time were 1,565 years, but only eight people survived in the ark.
He expressed his gratitude that even his family, friends and residents of Kremmyrsiang have donated, whether physically or financially.
The party will not hesitate, but will continue to fight and if the illegal quarries do not stop, the party will take other stronger measures, he added.
The Fit India Pledge will also be read by participants across the country, and Meghalaya will participate through the citizens who read the Fit India Pledge and disseminate it through social media.
On the part of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, he was very pleased with the request and immediately summoned the officers in charge of the health department and to expedite the work, in which he also gave his approval in front of the MLA of the area.
“Yes, Kongthei, don't lose hope because when God created us here on earth, I believe that He has prepared for our needs according to His will,” said Lanosha. long katha mo..." The Kongthei agreed. After sitting there for more than half an hour, they left... Immediately they left and went straight to their house.
Despite efforts to provide free education in primary and adult schools, the number of illiterate people has increased from 30 million in 1951 to 437 million in According to the 1981 Census, the percentage also increased from 16.67 per cent in 1951 to 36.23 per cent in
Speaking to media after the meeting with the health officials, Kong Ampareen said that as the Minister, she needs to visit each district to inspect the condition of the health centres. .
Bah Kharbani appealed to the Khasi and Garo people working and studying in Delhi to join hands with the party in the protest so that the protest is no longer within Meghalaya but this time it has been held completely. in front of the Central Government House in Delhi.
I put my trust in you people and I have no doubt that I will win again with your love,” he said.
“This means that we have rejected the true leaders.
" Panah answered Rida. They left with sorrow.
Congratulations bah RV Lyngdoh I believe and trust you to lead the nation and the State as a whole. Special thanks to all those who have elected him as a wise and intelligent man. with you that you may do all things.
He said he was not satisfied with the work of the Awami League government and joined the rebel group because he was persecuted by the supporters of the Awami League because he himself was a member of the Awami League. He said that he himself will die, but before that, he wants to kill those who do not respect Islam and the Quran.
The earth provides wealth and income from the environment. The earth provides food for us human beings all over the world.
That is why the Bible says, “Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God” (1 John 4:1).
Is 11 or 12 people a big organization? The ULFA and NSCN, which have hundreds of members, are outfits.
The Bench also directed that the environmental protection rules should be followed while mining according to the scientific technology in the state.
According to Dr. Khongwir, in the past three years, there have been many successful surgeries at the Civil Hospital Shillong but this is the first time that the surgery has been conducted for the first time.
The Government is also preparing to build tourist attractions and a ropeway at Lum Shyllong and other projects elsewhere.
According to the leaders of the Past Pupils Group, the purpose of the meeting and to have those leaders in this group is part of the spirit of promoting this group. The school should continue to provide education to the students of the school and also to have the cooperation from all sides.
To the west it is bordered by the Nonbah River and Mawpon.
“This includes 8,000,000 Adhoc school teachers, their spouses, children, students, alumni, and the public can also join hands," the statement said.
Police have arrested Tuseng S Sangma, 22, of Bokhongre village, Phulbari, West Garo Hills.
Then it will be fulfilled that says, “One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all” (Ephesians 4:6).
“The blood shed by these brave youths was not in vain, as the HNLC wants to ensure that our struggle will be part of history,” said the General Secretary. The main purpose is to celebrate and honor the brave leaders and members who have sacrificed themselves in the tireless struggle against India's invasion and oppression.
Kolkata, June 04 : Shillong Lajong FC beat East Bengal FC 1-0 in the Hero 2nd Division League 2022-23 on Saturday. Ba-ar at Naihati Stadium, West Bengal.
He said that out of 34 villages in Block-II, 18 villages have been forcibly transferred to Block-II after the Assam border crossing. In fact, the villages in Block-II have been transferred to Karbi Anglong district. At that time, only Umswai, Umkahieh, Birsyngki and Umshaken were no longer under the Raid Nongtung, he said.
The National Food Security Mission, 2013 was launched by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma at a meeting held in Tura on the 14th of this month. Nailur last year.
The BJP candidate from North Shillong constituency, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, has expressed his confidence to reach the goal by saying that North Shillong is the BJP constituency. on 6th June as the BJP candidate from North Shillong constituency.
Janailin Kharpan won the gold medal in the Indian Archery Round Team Event at the Meghalaya Games
In the 36th minute, Iatyllilang SC Hingaria scored the third goal through Zidane Lamin.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chairman, S Syiem, said that the promotion of this school is a witness to the growth and progress of this constituency.
They demanded that the PF should be given to the members so that they can know the amount of money before depositing it into their accounts as usual.
BJYM condoles violence against womenThe BJYM Meghalaya expresses its deep sorrow over the increase in violence against women and children in our state.
The White House on Tuesday denied Russia's allegations that the United States was involved in the attack on Putin inside the Kremlin last day.
Others have tried to search even in the homes of people in the village.
He said that the Mawkyrwat Block Committee has not yet been renewed but the Adhoc President has to run the work and maybe soon the changes in the Mawkyrwat Block Committee will be with the decision of the Mawkyrwat Block Committee. “It is understood that many other political parties have the intention to join the NPP. “Although as a leader, he is in the midst of criticism from the NPP. “But he has a spirit of happiness because changes are coming,” said Bah Kitborlang Nongrem.
“The government should not declare these areas as commercial or industrial areas in Sutnga district. Until now, these coke plans have been standalone, the government should not change their license to cluster. "he added.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pollution Control Board (MPCB) on Tuesday inspected a second hand cleaning station in Ïewduh, on the entrance and exit road to the market. The Hynniewtrep Industrial Association (HIA) has filed a complaint against the construction site since
To preach the Gospel to Missionary Countries or to the countries of the world is not enough to be a Missionary Priest.
On the allegation that as an employer he has embezzled 2,000 tyngka from one job, Bah Teibor said, “Will the employing department allow me to do so? It is a branch of the Local Government.
Shillong, March 02 : In the past two days, Nongkseh SC will play against Mawshbuit SC at 4:45 pm. Many political parties, Sengbhalang and intellectuals have joined together to express their concern over the protest at Jantar Mantar. , which takes place on Sunday.
At the same time, she congratulated the Congress party leaders who were able to give her the ticket in this election among the many candidates.
There’s also a move in focusing on not just more typical waste, but liquid waste control as well.
The KHADC has submitted about 1000 projects.
Marina Brozovic, a scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, said the asteroid will be visible at 6 pm EDT, when it will pass through the Atlantic Ocean.
The Jaintia Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (JFAA) today at 10 am on Tuesday inspected the Sier Dam at Treiongriang. The dam has been in danger of collapse at any time, especially during the rainy season.
By the end of extra time, the score was 3-3
He said that those SSA teachers who have qualified will receive T.19044 while those who have not qualified will receive T.13335 for Lower Primary schools while those who teach in Upper Primary schools will receive T. T.20493 while those who have not qualified will receive T.
Regarding this, the DC said that the problem faced by the government is that the land does not belong to the government, but the site where the project is planned to be located. The gate in Athiabari is under the jurisdiction of the KHADC, so it needs to pass through the KHADC. On the other hand, the party has also sent a letter to propose the Kyrshai. Nongstoin Rambrai Kyrshai road will become one of the main entry and exit roads from Meghalaya to Assam. She also expressed her concern over the delay of the government in paying the land fee to the landowners for the construction of the highway.
He said the meeting discussed the JHADC Act 2015, Section 21 which provides that the Dorbar Chnong of one One village will include all the elderly residents while the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of KHADC states that only Khasi can be members of the Dorbar Shnong.
Referring to the health department, he said the MDA Government has opened many sub centers, PHCs and CHCs but until now there are villages which do not have health facilities. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, has already promised to build a PHC in Sawsymper.
Boris Singh won the 3rd prize in the Quiz.
At the same time, he said that most of the job card holders are farmers and contractors, but since the outbreak of covid 19 in the state, the shortage of jobs has affected the villages. thaw and haman are the places.
The Don Bosco Past Pupils Association Shillong invites all former students to attend this meeting.
Speaking on the decision of the High Court, Angela Ryngad said that the High Court's request to implement the AFSPA shows that it is the one who wants to ensure the peace and stability of the state and the country. It has forgotten to look after the rights of the people by giving justice but has usurped the powers of the Executive.
According to a letter sent by the ECI Secretary to the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, the ECI has recognized the VPP as a State Party for its performance in the last MLA elections.
The CEO said that the Election Department has taken all necessary measures to ensure the conduct of clean, impartial, participatory, transparent and peaceful elections.
President Bolsonaro said on Friday that he had recovered from the corona virus, but had taken only the drug chloroquine without telling his doctors and felt better.
Those who have returned from abroad will have to stay in Quarantine Centers for 14 or 28 days.
My visit here as President is to visit you and not only Bah Mitchel.
Of course it can have its flaws and this is according to the gameplay perspective.
“To condemn what he builds is welcome because it helps everyone to improve themselves, but to shout with confidence about things he doesn't know is the wrong way to serve others.
Furthermore, in this evening's sermon at Iew Polo, they said that they don't want to survive alone, but they want to preach to other precious souls who have been trapped in the trap. the powers of darkness or the life of alcoholism are short lives and if they really want to be saved, there is no other way to be saved but only through the sacrifice in Jesus Christ.
If it is published regularly, it will inspire others who have the same goals.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been informed of the situation at the hospital.
Besides, they already have a weak body and the covid19 virus puts their lives at great risk.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya, in support of the decision of the Meghalaya High Court, on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should not take a decision on the cut-off date. ") for the implementation of the Roster System of recruitment under the Reservation Policy of the State.
Speaking further on the issue of border demarcation, he said that many people have been talking about this issue and for 50 years they have been waiting for this issue and without fail this is a difficult decision to take. but we have won and this will be for the benefit of the people of the state.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The Shillong Traffic Police have drawn a line to traffic on the road from Barik Point to Shillong Civil Hospital (SCH).
The caravan was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong where the Ambassador of Japan delivered a speech as the chief guest and also spoke on the strengthening of relations between Japan and India especially among the citizens.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa on Tuesday cut the ribbon to mark the opening of the 7th District Level Industrial Exhibition and Aqua Fest at Mawkyrwat. October 22 to October 23, 2023.
The meeting convened by the KHADC will include both the farmers from Mawlyngbna (Hima Mawsynram) and the farmers from Thyllaw (Dwara Nongtyrnem Elaka) to discuss what happened and also to discuss the issue. The police have found out the truth about the presence of people who incited the people to attack the farmers, which happened on the second day of last month.
Girls 800 mtr Marso Kyndait U – 20 boys, 800 mtr Bronze Medalist Ribet Dkhar U-20 boys, 1500& 800 mtr Donbok Shabong, U- 16 boys 100 &300 mtr Gloryfy Kurdabah 18 boys, Usa. 20 Das. Six young athletes from West Jaintia Hills District have been selected to represent Meghalaya in the 32nd East Zone Junior Athletics Championship
Referring to the vacancy of the Speaker's seat in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Hamlet said the decision to elect the Speaker belongs to the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
These bands include Czars (whose musicians and singers are from Jowai, Nagaland and other towns), Colossal Corp (Guwahati) and Gracyl Ropmay will perform tomorrow 10th November.
Through this meeting between the farmers and the Minister, many farmers have been able to express directly to the Minister, about the problems they are facing and especially during this time of lockdown.
He said that if the government does not release them, they will blow up a Lower Primary School first.
Shillong, July 21: The HSPDP MDC from Sohryngkham Constituency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday demanded that the KHADC through a resolution, should stop the construction of the Gurudwara. standing in Them Motor.
Sadly, the Russian attack on Ukrainian facilities has also taken place during the rainy season, when the people have to face water shortages, sanitation problems. due to the lack of electricity even in the midst of the cold and heavy rainfall.
“After 2nd October this year, we will remember this on the statement of the TMC and we will take our decisions after such allegations whether we can cooperate or not. such as these parties".
And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven.
Bah Wahlang said that this is only a target to generate income but they understand that because there are days when they earn less and there are days when they earn more than the target.
Other speakers on the occasion included Skhemjingmut Law, close supporter of ABVP, while Nibiang Sumer, State Organizing Secretary of ABVP, congratulated the victory. of this training program.
He said that the song should now seek the approval of the listeners because without the listeners it is useless to sing to market.
“If this continues, the time will come when the people on the border will be afraid and therefore they will go to register their land in Assam,” said Bah Welbirt Rani.
Regarding the closure of coal mining, Khonglah said that if the market is closed, Bangladesh will turn to other countries, such as China and Indonesia.
As responsible citizens, it is necessary to come forward to fulfill your duty to vote and if you don't like the candidate, your vote is yours. I don't have a single voice.
Theodore Moallem, who works with the Blind Lead Trust, Nongthymmai, was said to have suffered from rheumatism.
Earlier, he said that he doesn't want his talent to end only in himself or in the competition but he wants to showcase to the world this special talent that God has given him. that is, to eat and drink all kinds of bitor like shana.
The Minister said that the time for entering and leaving the area will be set, while only pedestrians will be allowed throughout the day.
Shillong, Nailur 07: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA) has demanded that the government should implement the demands of the AMDA since 2003 to provide financial assistance to the poor and to set up institutes for them so that they can take to the streets to protest for this.
Laban Bengali Boy's and All Saint's have reached the final of the Under-18 Inter School League 2022-23 sponsored by the Shillong Cricket Association.
The President of the union, Tengsak G Momin, said that the Government College in Tura is the only place used by the government education department as a recruitment center for college teachers. Most of them have gone to Kiang Nangbah College, Jowai.
Simeon Marak, U20 Event- High Jump.
Shillong, June 24: The HSPDP has decided to expel Fenela L Nonglait from the party and accused her of being anti-party because she did not support Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit whom the party had decided to support, but she stood firm. Paul Lyngdoh in the election campaign held on the 7th of this month at Motphran.
It is to be recalled that in the past few months, the KSU has sent a petition to Amit Shah and the Central Government not to relocate the headquarters from Shillong. Gradually move its operations from Shillong to Guwahati.
The union leader said that they have also spoken to the doctor in charge of the hospital and when they asked whether there is any transfer of patients from the hospital as alleged. by the locals, the Doctor clarified that there had been no such thing.
Shillong: The presence of government vehicles operated by MUDA in Shillong will probably be more convenient for the passengers, as the Transport Department has received information that there are 261 buses and These are from 18 seats to 31 seats.
Bah Pateng Marsing, said that the deterioration of this road, has caused a lot of problems to the traffic of the villages in the area.
Joshi will hold a meeting with the leaders of the MPCC and the Election Committee to decide on the names of the candidates for the upcoming elections in the state.
Referring to the workshop, among the many issues discussed with the villages using the VIPP (Visualization in Participatory Programs) toolkit, climate change and differences in harvesting methods in the last few decades are the subject of much debate.
JOWAI: The Office of the District Social Welfare Officer, Jowai has inaugurated a One Stop Center at Tpeppale, Jowai on the 4th of this month.
There were 18 cases of illness.
Besides, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, also visited the Corona Care Center at Betasing in South West Garo Hills to hold a meeting with the health officials in Ampati.
Perhaps it can be said that there is no longer a strong discipline from the home or that parents don't have time to discuss at home, about the good and the bad so that those who are still and they shall understand and follow that which is good.
The examination will be conducted by the State Medical Committee under the chairmanship of the Principal Secretary Y Tsering.
Speeches were also delivered by the party leaders including the MP candidate and the three new members.
“They should think about the future generation, what will happen if they are gone and if they don't speak now, when will they speak for 50 years,” said the leaders.
In the seventh innings, after India had won again, it was the turn of goalkeeper Gurpreet Sandhu to become the best scorer, when he saved the ball shot by the captain of the team. Hajiah Kuwait and to lead India to the title.
As beloved candidates and the people (KYNRAD), let us stop the distribution of money and the demand for money.
“Just to get a big house, a house you have to give public land, because it is under the seventh grade and the people living in the land of the seventh grade have many "It's a benefit," said Pala.
In another development, the BJP candidate from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has become another candidate to come second with the highest number of victories. 11,609 votes for the second candidate from South Shillong Constituency.
However, the number of MLAs in these parties will change after
Even though he hadn't revealed anything to his parents that he had a friend, they had recognized him through his secret manner.
“He is a man who works hard both in the field of sports and also for agriculture.
The training was held at Mawkdok Dorbar Hall funded by the State Government through the Voluntary Action Fund 2016-2 in this area because they are beautiful places and attractive to tourists which open up job opportunities for the residents to improve the income of the people.
India has reported 22.5 lakh new cases in the past month, the highest number of cases in the world in a month.
He said the biggest disease in the state is the lack of employment among the residents of the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that on the 21st of this month, HANM had gone to lay a boundary and sign board on the other side of the land. However, according to reports, the Assam police have left.
The robbers also tried to break the idol on the wall of the church where the Mass Eucharist is held but they could not succeed and therefore, they cut off the legs of the idol. Jesus on the cross.
There are 34 villages under the Raid Nongtung and 18 villages on the border with Assam.
Two days ago, IS NE flags were found in parts of Goalpara town, hanging on tree branches near a police station.
UDP leaders from the constituency said that if the party does not give ticket to this person, it will be a shame for the party members.
It means that God has prepared war against nations that fight against him and do not accept him.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will not recognize anyone. Self styled Rangbah Shnong who moved to the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony now known as Them Rynjah.
The movement of countries on their own paths has led to the establishment of various institutions such as BRICS, QUAD, ASEAN, which have paved the way for cooperation in various regions along with strengthening the challenges arising from the you're right.
During the meeting, the UDP leaders promised to take action and discuss with all the UDP MLAs in the government, said a statement from Bah M.DkharSecretary, Bah M.DkharSecretary, Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum (KHNAM), today raised a question in the State Legislative Assembly on the increase in the price of beef. it is after Assam has implemented the ban on beef; Replying to this question, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Agriculture, said that there has been an increase in the price of beef in the state these days.
However, a few days later, Bah Auspicious announced that he will contest the MLA election from the PDF and rejected the proposal of the UDP. , Garo Hills today sentenced Tengsal D. Sangma to life imprisonment and a fine of Rs 100,000 for killing his wife.
Before concluding the speech, Bah RLBlah, ordered the people to follow the vehicle of these leaders and to go back to the place where they met in the morning at Madan Laban. ahead.
At the same time, in order to ensure the smooth running of the elections to the Legislative Assembly to be held on 27th June 2023, the traffic of vehicles carrying the The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, has imposed Section 144 CrPC against the polling stations of the district. The movement of coal trucks throughout the District from 7 pm on 24th June, 2023 to 7 am on 28th June
The KSU said that the dohum dohpnat have also started to revive in this river.
Nongpoh: A 40-year-old man has died after being drowned in a flood after heavy rainfall in Nongpoh this evening.
Prestone said that when they took the decision to release the fertilizer, they handed it over to the Ministry of Agriculture under the leadership of Banteidor Lyngdoh as Minister of State and MLA. of Mawkynrew, to do what is necessary.
Both these vehicles are very old and no longer used by the office and at the time of writing of this news, the reason for the collision is unknown. two chariots were destroyed by fire.
It is not clear why the funds received from the central government cannot be used after requesting for the needs of the people in the state. but they are not necessary.
Nurul Islam, officer in-charge of Ampati police station in South West Garo Hills district, has been arrested on July 1 on charges of raping two girls. and he went from Ampati to Tyre.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Bah Pynïaid said that this is one of the areas that will be taken up by the District Council and will work together not only now but every year to ensure the smooth running of the rongbiria even in other parts of the country. Khasi Hills.
The committee will be headed by Babu RR Ronghang as Chairman while Babu Kular Khongjirem as Secretary, said JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang.
At the same time, he said that if they can wait until they receive the money, they will be reinstated, but it is not known when the government will release the money.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The rainfall in Shillong in the past 24 hours has reached 43.9 millimetres, according to the Meteorological Department. 24 hours ago.
Nongpoh: A team of MLAs and government officials on Saturday beat a team of Pastors 2-0 against a team of Pastors in a friendly match at Umroi Stadium.
Speaking on the occasion, Ohiwot Laloo, District Secretary MBS&G, West Jaintia Hills, said that the continuation of such programs is necessary so that the people or residents can become responsible and take responsibility to follow the rules and regulations of the MBS&G. Governments are part of the prevention measures against the spread of Covid-1
He said that the State Government has set up an Advisory Board under the PIT-NDPS Act, 1988 and so far after the advice, only 9 persons involved in drug trafficking have been arrested under the PIT-NDPS Act. 3 years.
Chanmitre Dkhar scored four goals in the 22nd, 25th, 28th and 74th minutes.
The PM-DevINE was announced in the Budget for the year 2022-23 of the Union Government to improve the cleanliness in the North East.
He said the NPP is closely related to the BJP and this has been evident through the support of the NPP MP from Tura.
Due to the geography, climate and society in Meghalaya, only about 10 per cent of the state's area can be used for agriculture.
Thus the angel from heaven declared – “It is finished” Revelation 16:1
In the NPP, there is no team A, no team B, no team C.
Speaking to media, Bah Kharjahrin said that the eviction of the people living in Them Metor is an issue that all the people have wanted to achieve in many of the leaders. The Sengbhalang which is no longer in this world has been fighting since the past, but this issue has resurfaced after the shooting of Khasi youth in this country. The government has set up a High Level Committee to take a decision to remove these people.
Shillong: The State Government will pay its last respects to Bah JD Rymbai, former Speaker and former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, tomorrow, 23rd June 2022, at Madan. Hello, Mawlai, Shillong, at 1.30 pm.
It is very sad to see that Jowai has become a garbage dump.
Although police declined to comment on Sohan, it is understood that they have launched a search operation to track down Sohan, who may have moved to other places even in Bangladesh due to the suffering caused by the raid. police.
Alphonse – 8921084954, Dr.Sr.
The final match between the two teams was very interesting and fierce in which the players of both the teams showed all their skills to fight hard to win the title. Meghalaya State League (MSL).
The Supreme Court has summoned the Union Health Secretary to hold a meeting with the States to encourage others to hold a meeting to resolve this issue.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the number of cases in the state may exceed shah, from which count is obtained.
Hand wash -2 nos per customer 9.
The incident occurred while the celebration of the 48th Anniversary of the State was being held at the State Central Library, in the presence of Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of the State.
In the women's double, Ribhalang Passah and Josefina Dala Passah won by 21/18, 18/21 and 21/1
We have seen that the government authorities have encouraged schools/colleges/universities to conduct their teaching activities through the internet, but it is difficult because this online education is too weak to go outside the city boundaries. Shillong.
The bank also no longer trusts the council employees to provide loans because they do not have enough income.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah KP Pangniang said that other political parties have asked what the HSPDP has done and the answer is that the HSPDP has contributed a lot to the State. dozens of schools since the time of Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
This is a waste of wealth and what is surprising is the willingness of those who have lost elections to misuse their power, just because they are in the ruling party they go to follow up on the old schemes. , when the people have rejected you, you have no right to that scheme, it is not a scheme that you have given from your parents' money.
Lad Kyndiah.
These cows were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh through Kuliang or Umkiang.
For buses, stop at the Service-road opposite the Police Station.
In this regard, he said that the party will continue the protest against the deterioration of the roads as announced on the 1st and 2nd of July.
Three of the arrested drug dealers were identified as Shafeeq Ahmad Naikoo, Yasir Ahmad Lone and Fayaz Ahmad Wani, residents of Dangerpora Sheeri. The incident occurred during a search of vehicles at Dangerpora Market.
A delegation of Congress leaders led by AICC Media Coordinators Bobbeeta Sharma and Mathew Anthony, accompanied by State Women's Congress President Joplin Scott Shylla, held a meeting to discuss the issue. The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) on Tuesday filed a complaint with the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Bah FR Kharkongor demanding the immediate removal of Kong Toi from the post of Chairperson of the MSWC and the cancellation of her candidacy. Bah Wailadmiki is the candidate for the election.
The Minister took the opportunity to congratulate the Hindu community in Tura.
All the players in these three categories must bring their original birth certificates received from the office of the CEO, Municipal/CHC/PHC along with the form.
Shillong: U Leader of the Opposition and former Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma today while talking to media regarding the collapse of the round statue erected in the Legislative Assembly. The state in Mawdiangdiang has demanded that the officers in charge and involved in taking any decisions should be included in the list of respondents until it is found that they have nothing. any jyrsi from their side.
The first goal was scored by Samehi Langshiang.
The two states also expressed their desire to end the border dispute at three of the seven disputed border areas, including Langpih, Borduar and Deshdoomreah.
Every year, this Shillong resident leads a group of crematoriums from all over the world to research the crematoriums in the state especially in East Jaintia Hills. Hills.
Last year, Chautala scored 88 out of 100 marks in English in the Class 10 examination.
The DRI Guwahati Zonal Unit together with the Regional Units in the North East have seized 208 kilograms of gold worth Rs 102.6 crore smuggled across the border. Indo-Myanmar and Indo – Bangladesh.
The Government of India should consider that if possible, it should send Governors who speak the language understood by the people of the State.
The TMC will bring about the necessary changes that the people of the state hope for.
The members of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) have expressed their gratitude to the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) for their participation and enthusiasm. Shillong Lajong FC has expressed its gratitude to the SSA and hopes that God will guide the synjuk to continue to be a blessing to the SSA. the generations to come.
He said that the city cleanliness scheme is to separate rotten and non-rotten waste and ADB has allocated funds for this purpose.
Regarding the ability of the ICICI Bank officials to provide these oxygen cylinders, Kong RM Kurbah, expressed her special thanks to the officials of ICICI Bank in Nongpoh, including Vikash Mathur, Zonal. Head of ICICI Bank Ltd. and other Heads of ICICI Bank Ltd.
“This is enough for me to join the club and I can't wait for the start of the game against City.
Rilangki Lyngdoh (19), Sumi Tariang (49) scored three goals for West Madan Mustem and Wisfull Rasmut (OG 60+1) scored the third goal.
Shillong, June 01: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District against Gopal Dey. Shella-Bholaganj and demanded the immediate arrest of Gopal Dey.
Shillong: U Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress (MPTC) MLA Dr Mukul Sangma has responded to the question whether he will join the BJP. Unfortunately, he doesn't want to reduce the number of youtube viewers on different channels.
On receiving the opportunity to change centers from the candidates through any of the above methods, they will be placed at the centers of their choice and thus their e-Admit Cards will be released. .
Zion dry.
Lakhon said the EC's decision to empower the Dolloi to collect revenue was exactly like during the British rule.
He said that when he arrived at Sadar Police Station, he was detained from Friday 11th to 15th Tuesday and then on Sunday he was taken away. He was imprisoned in the District Jail and was released today.
He said that ASHAs should be included to achieve this goal.
When you are young, you can cut jhur or pdem ashar.
The Khaw we eat every day without medicine cannot last for many years.
After that, he asked Mark, who worked as a mechanic, and said, “Mark, are you willing to take Kim as your best friend?
“The countdown for the collapse of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government has begun and this will be witnessed in the last Assembly elections,” Soren said.
Another issue discussed was that the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has urged the government to upgrade the PHC Umkiang to CHC. Prestone Tyngsong has promised to look into this.
The Minister said that all the Ministers and MLAs of the state have visited various districts and have also held workshops with the people and other working groups from the state. to restore peace and order in Manipur.
The Board shall conduct the appointment throughout the Ministry of Education and shall be headed by the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of the Ministry of Education with 9 members.
“I apologize for my mistake as a human being,” said Bah Process and added that in 2008, I lost because I made a mistake, everyone talks about me and in 2018 I will come back.
Then at the Commonwealth Games.
What is more disappointing is that the State Planning Board has been considered as one of the government departments where the Chairman should be appointed as it cannot appoint more than 12 ministers.
On the other hand, the leaders of RWS&TCS Ltd including Ian Vincent and Sheela Vincent said that their goal and desire to hold such a tournament is to promote this kind of sport in the state. Meghalaya is a good place to host such tournaments through the participation of foreign athletes from different countries. world.
The epicenter of the earthquake was at a depth of 10 kilometers inland, in parts of Myanmar-India (Nagaland) bordering Nagaland.
