The seizure by the relevant authorities since the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct which includes money, equipment, alcohol, drugs and others, has amounted to T.? 61, the source said.
The Ministers in charge of Social Welfare and Women and Child Development of North Eastern States like Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura expect the program to be a success. and equal.
The announcement of the winners of the election contest was announced on January 2,
Kahanr was ordered to pay the fine of T.47,500 at the driving testing track at Chandrashekharpur in Bhubaneswar, but he said he could not pay.
In the second innings, Cricket Smit, who won the toss, failed to tied first and scored 127 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs. Shankupar Kharbyngar scored 45 runs from 35 balls while Shanborlang Kharshiing took two wickets for 10 runs in 4 overs for Sohra Combine.
Four robbers who are still under trial were shot dead by the mob on Sunday in a forest area on the border of Muthong and Shangpung villages.
“All the discussions have been completed and we have received a promise but what we want now is the implemented law.
This is not a merger under paragraph
Regarding the demand for the implementation of ILP in the state, CM Conrad Sangma said that the state leadership has already expressed before the PM the demand of the people of the state for the implementation of ILP in the state. to protect the owners of the land.
Chief Guest Kong DM Suja said that the MGNREGS scheme has helped a lot to the people especially in the rural areas and has created jobs for the villagers.
Maduh is from Nonglang WKHD, and now lives with his children in Upper New Nongstoiñ. The market dwellers loved and admired Maduh.
Police have launched an investigation into Lumdiengjri PS Case No. 100(9) 2020 U/S 109/153/153(A) IPC. His account with these videos and pictures he posted on facebook and they are still waiting for a reply.
At that time, Bah BB Lyngdoh, who had a vision of what would happen in this state, tried to find out more about the ownership of the land in this land of Hynniewtrep.
Not only that, it was learned that the reason why the school authorities have forcibly demolished the school building is because in previous years there was a strong earthquake in the village. They also tried to destroy the school building but to avoid the collapse, they said that they had to find a way to strengthen the school building by cutting the trees from the back. of the school.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: As part of the preservation of the culture and traditions of the Hynniewtrep people, the Hima Umniuh-Tmar Sirdarship will hold a Shad Suk Mynsiem on the 30th and 31st October, 2017 at Shad Umniuh Ground.
Robert June said that the failure to meet the demands of the jura and security laws is because we have not received those MPs from the ethnic parties for about 35 years. now.
They have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills, demanding the immediate arrest of the Acting Syiem, Bah Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh of Mawkneng.
He said that so far the police have been able to register charge sheets in about 900 cases, and the police have also launched charge sheets in about 900 cases. investigate according to the provisions of law.
Nongpoh: It is a fact that the people of Ri Bhoi, from children to the elderly in Ri Bhoi, know the famous name of Dr DD Lapang and everyone has respected him, until They used to call him 'Kpa ka Ri Bhoi', but now when they went upstairs, they heard that the people had hated Bah Lapang, until the word came out that he was called 'Kpa ka Ri Bhoi' Ri Bhoi' is gone.
A search operation was conducted in the presence of private witnesses and 212 bags of plastic boxes were recovered from the body of the truck. weighing up to 1556 kilos.
The groom, who is from Karnal, Haryana, went to the wedding venue in a tractor instead of a luxury car.
I have personally witnessed on Tuesday 30 October 2019 the absence of officers and the work of the BDO Office has been completed because of the absence of a single person or officer.
“What is needed is that we have to explain to the drivers that the petrol that the Government is sending now is clean and water,” said Bah Kennedy.
Curfew passes for the period from 9 am to 5 pm can be obtained from the online website of East Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the party invites and invites all the Khasi residents of Shillong to come and live in this place.
In a letter to Bah Tynsong, they said, “The Chief Executive Members have decided unanimously that the people of Riwar Mihngi under Pynursla Sub-Division will oppose if the Pynursla Civil Sub-Division is transferred to Pynursla Sub-Division. South East District Sohra If the office of the Deputy Commissioner is to be set up in Sohra but they will accept if it is set up in Laitlyngkot District.
Meanwhile, the Qualifier-I of the Super Division will be played today between Nongpyndeng and Rambrai FT at 1.30PM.
The motto of this training program is “Shape the Mind, Shape the Future”.
The program will be held on the 18th June 2014, from 10 to 12 noon.
For other sports like football and others, he said that in the past years, due to the implementation of the dam, many sports like football, archery and others have had to stop it.
This has caused a lot of trouble for the people especially in times of illness.
When the foreigners were arrested, the residents of the village informed the Nongpoh Police Station and the police went to arrest them. these two men and also the vehicle, which these men used.
Appeared in all the newspapers.
In his speech, he congratulated the Seng Samla Sohkhyllam for taking this first step to hold such a program in collaboration with NYK's Nongstoiñ and it was a successful programme.
“Don’t use this because at some point there will be something to all of this.
The PCG was formed in 2005 between the Assam government and members of the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) for peace talks.
Speaking at a meeting of the Trinamool Congress in Mendipathar, Dr Mukul Sangma said the people should be vigilant against the BJP which can introduce laws that will affect the state.
However, we cannot say that all kinds of evils have begun to enter our society such as the killing of enemies of fellow human beings. eh to the girls and the little children.
The CEM said that if there is any violation even after the announcement issued by the Hima Mylliem, the KHADC will take action according to the law.
In the past few days, Anil Vij, Minister of Home Affairs, has been blocked by the farmers.
Earlier, these loans were paid in Andhra, Vidarbha and now there are 850 farmers in Uttar Pradesh, who have already selected their names, worth Rs 5.5 crore and these too will be paid. and the assistance of the Bank is still needed for those who have to pay their debts”.
Some feel childish even when they are old.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The UDP will raise the issue at the ARPA meeting to replace Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit and appoint another leader to lead the KHADC. on Thursday.
According to the letter, the JSM said that the Assam Government used to cross the border into Meghalaya during the elections when the Meghalaya government authorities were busy preparing for the elections.
According to the Prime Minister, the authorities involved in the operation, have found it difficult to search for the people as their bodies have been scattered all over the place due to the destruction. after receiving the report from them, it was decided to suspend it.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) have opposed the move.
He said that recently the government has decided to set up an Out Post at Barato but the government will consider this demand and may move it to Mukroh.
He said that there are two MLAs (who did not know their party) who had planned to join the NPP these days, but after the defeat of the NPP in Ranikor they said that they will have to join the NPP. “There are two MLAs who have decided to join the NPP but after the defeat from Ranikor they say that this is the matter and we have to look into it,” said Dr. Kharlukhi.
Soon Lydia understood his feelings.
He said that five lakes namely Ward's Lake, Malse Lake, Nirman Jheel, Memo Lake in Williamnagar and Rangjokram Lake in Resubelpara will be improved and cleaned.
Once those teachers enter the classroom, the children are happy and listening with smiles on their faces.
Ajay Kanoujia, Director NE II, has sent a letter to MS Rao, Principal Secretary, to the Governor of Meghalaya, in July 2016, more than six months ago, in response to the letter, which was sent by U Rao, on November 10,
At the same time, the party would like to congratulate the Minister of State for Home Affairs for sending more security forces to the state in a meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri.
“I know that the existence of this school will be a great blessing to the residents of the village because they don't have to go to Nongstoiñ to send their children to English school. ksan, if you send a school to Nongstoiñ, not only do the parents have to spend only for the school fees but they have to pay for the houses at a high price. I am ready to help as much as I can and I am ready to take part in any of your needs for this school,” said Bah Nongsiej.
He said that this claim is unacceptable because just because they went to the meeting to receive the assistance from the leader, they have been accepted as supporters. his??? he questioned.
Aided School) shall be appointed by the School Managing Committee.
The Work Order, which was handed over by the MLA to the Women's Church of the Mawlong Presbyterian Church, was implemented under the SRWP scheme. RS Rynshon, Tbn Incharge, Tbn E Rynshon, Bah H Langi, Rangbah Shnong Mawlong, Kong R Syiem, Kong E Manih and others.
The Third Division, which will advance to the second round or pre quarter final, on Thursday is the last match of the first round.
The first edition of the Indian Racing League (IRL) sponsored by Wolf Racing will be held on 19th November in Hyderabad. 4 wheelers which will see the participation of sports teams based in six cities.
Rani said the meeting with PN Syiem was also a long-standing demand regarding the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
“We don't have anything to object because the government has set the date, we can't do anything else, let the government decide and it will go smoothly, and the village has already given permission.
“At the same time, there has been an arrangement to elect me as the Chairman of the Chiefs, by the Chiefs themselves (which on the part of the Hima Mylliem were not present because most of the time the Acting Chiefs are hidden). to attend the FKS meeting) because I am not a SANAD appointment and my election is because I am ready to speak out to protect the rights of thousands of children and especially the problems of many. “It's a kingdom that's been destroyed from time to time,” said Bah John.
“Thank you very much for your concern for me and my family.” “Not only I but also those others who support you are concerned, but we are still listening and we will not leave you thinking.
This was announced by R Monarch Shabong, President, MEPA and John W. Thabah, General Secretary, MEPA. Of those who tested positive for Covid-19 on the 26th of this month, more than 77% have not yet received the vaccine.
The earthquake measured 7.3 on the Richter scale and struck at 12:35 pm. The earthquake struck at 12:35 pm. It is 7.4 magnitude but it has been corrected to
We as the people who have the power (Democracy) to elect our leaders should think carefully when we elect our leaders and not be fooled by all kinds of influences or influences. years have passed and there is no benefit that we have received only by staying behind...in the past few years the policy in Shella has not changed. haei haei spirit is only for your own benefit.
“The STP will continue to conduct such raids to prevent the smuggling of such illegal items and from these seizures a fine of up to T. 12 lakh this year alone and this has been handed over to the state government.
The Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia were also requested to invite the villagers to inform the land owners to attend the meeting.
The Government has sent an anti-terrorism team and the National Security Guard (NSG) to the church to conduct an investigation.
The carrom board match will be played at 11 AM and the badminton match at 6 pm.
At the meeting, certificates were distributed to 241 youths who have completed training in traditional music from the Assembly Music Institute of the KJP Youth Assembly at Mission Compound, Shillong.
The Seng Khasi has not been able to hold this tournament in the past two years after the ban from the authorities due to the outbreak of Covid-1 On the 13th of November 2022, the Polo Ground, was filled with cheers from the rangbiria and also from the crowd of spectators with the sound of the ksiang. bomb, nakra and phawar from the rangbiria who won the title.
Bah Mawkhiew also appealed to the people to know the character of the leaders because as human beings we cannot just talk that others are incomplete but to admit that I am the only one who is incomplete.
He said that China and the United States should walk together for the good and benefit of the whole world.
Rabha (leg-spinner) took two wickets for 10 runs, Santhosh took two wickets for 19 runs and Raghav Magotra took two wickets for 28 runs.
The prayer points are for praying for the situation of this pandemic that has affected the country and the world.
“We see that the BJP intends to move forward with its agenda, but as the Congress party we will continue to work to protect it. country and preserve the culture of independent constitution.
The Waheh Shnong of Lamin, Golden Gashnga, said that it has been decided to open the market in agreement with the SDO of Amlarem Civil Subdivision, Kong Ju Kharpuri.
Members of the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides who attended the event included Ohiwot Laloo, District Secretary, MBS&G-WJHD, Rising Kharngi (Scouts Master), Stopper Phira (Scout Master), CD Laloo (Guide Captain), Pet Dhar (Scouts Master), Lamisakani Dkhar (Guide Captain), Julius Pakem (Scouts Master), Teilangki Rymbai (Scout Master) and Aidasuk Warlarp (Captain's Guide).
Those organizations or unions shall express an opinion which they believe will unite that organization or union in a common idea which can be accepted only by the members of those organizations or unions.
Ma Sniaw was accompanied by MM Sun Secretary PWD (R&B), L Passah CENH, PWD (R), NHAI officials, Col.
On his part, he urged Myntri Rangbah Duh to take immediate action as it is an act of discrimination against a religious group that loves peace and serves the society in times of trouble.
The VDP of Mookympad Village, when investigating, said that these foreigners were planning to work at the SK Coke Coke Factory in Nongjri, Sutnga District.
The International Cricket Council (ICC), as part of the Sri Lanka Cricket Council (SLC), Emirates Cricket Board (ECB) and Caribbean Premier League (CPL), have imposed penalties against him. He has violated the nine provisions of their Anti-Corruption Code which has resulted in his suspension without any notice and which has affected him immediately from the date of his suspension.
For the BJP and RSS, the UCC is not the Secular Civil Code, but the Uniform Hindu Code.
He said that many people misunderstand and accuse that the HSPDP has turned away the people, but they don't understand that even if the four Congress MLAs come together, they cannot form a government. .
The arrested persons and seized items have been handed over to the police station for further investigation.
He urged and encouraged the farmers to use and implement this small income properly for their benefit and blessing by showing that everyone grows from a small income and it is through the knowledge of management. and implement with hard work and minutes which can be developed from small to large with the expectation that from now on Co-operative Societies will emerge which will have their own company which can build and market themselves. agricultural products and to achieve the aspirations and objectives of the government for the development of farmers in many areas.
The JSU has demanded that the government should file a case and expose those foreigners who have killed and killed the youth of Hynniewtrep.
Speaking on the state's income of Rs 10 billion, he said that the state now has a GDP of Rs 43 crore, to transform the state's income into Rs 10 billion. 10 billion, you need 80 thousand crores and you don't have to spend 10 billion dollars at the rate of 11/12 per year.
Nongpoh, Naitung 14: The planting of siej is one of the most profitable activities these days, if the farmers know how to use it.
Be careful, therefore, don't throw away your rongphong lest you come empty-handed.
The 44-year-old woman was murdered by her husband Roibiang Pakma on 31.5.2023 at their residence.
Shillong, Lber 3: The defeat of two UDP MLAs in the last MDC elections has shocked the state.
At the same time, he said that while others are strengthening the district councils, there are those who want to abolish them and if Article 371 of the Constitution is removed, it means that the Sixth Schedule has disappeared. Now.
Prem Singh of E-Coy, 30 Bn BSF has lodged a complaint at Pynursla Police Station.
Medley Relay (4×100 m) – SWKHD Team6.
The dancers will be in their respective categories: Sub-Junior, Junior, Senior, Duet and Cultural.
To curb the spread of COVID-19, the District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday issued containment measures in Mihmyntdu and Jowai and closed markets once a month throughout the district.
When asked whether the victory of four MLAs of the party is a sign that the people want change, Bah Ardent said that the VPP has contested only 18 candidates, but it has won. won four, showing that the people themselves want change.
France scored the goals through Rafael Varane in the 40th minute and Antoine Griezmann in the 61st minute.
Police have taken him to Khliehriat CHC for medical examination and said that as the group of Bhalang Shylla has not lodged any complaint with the police, the police have released him. young.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination papers, Bah Gigur Myrthong said that his main goal if he wins this election, is to improve education and to improve roads and highways in the entire area.
However, there are still many dialects in which the Nong language can be the tienrapkhmat, the tienrapdien and even the tienbsut in the middle.
“Richard has nothing to do with it because he is always at home with me.
A discussion on the topic “Blessings and Consequences of Hydropower Projects in the State” was also held at the Conference Room of KHADC Nongstoin Branch. ", in which those in favor of the Electricity Project scored 26 points while those against 21 points.
He said that on this occasion, the women of Mawlai should work hard to take responsibility to explain to their neighbours, how politics affects the society if the wrong leaders are elected, especially to the you assembly thaw law.
"We will look to the farthest reaches of the solar system, and we will work to realize the opportunities of the universe for mankind," Modi said.
He said that the Minister has given a positive response and promised to assist and support and approve to increase the share of the EAP. Mandaviya said there is a possibility to upgrade the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) to the status of Institute of National Importance.
“As mentioned above, and many of the colleges in the state are recognized by the North Eastern Hill University, I request your office to exempt Meghalaya from conducting CUET, " requested the Prime Minister.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today announced that in July 2024, there will be a festival, besides the Gegong Festival and Winter Tales. Festival.
Metbah said that in Meghalaya, national parties have been in power while in other states, national parties have been in power.
He said that the development of workplaces, guidance and encouragement of the officers is essential.
Kangana and her lawyer alleged that this was an illegal demolition and the demolition of her house was because she spoke out against the involvement of Bollywood.
Deewan is currently in hospital with serious injuries.
Speaking at a rally demanding the rectification of the employment quota in the state, he said that he appreciates the unity of his Garo friends who are an example for us, but the reason yours is not yours.
When I read this verse from psalm 22:6, I found a surprise in the whole psalm, when I read the psalms from other chapters I found that most of them wrote about prayers of supplication, praises, and understanding of the Pope.
The campaign was conducted by the Riangdo Dorbar Shnong and the first candidate to contest was BJP candidate Beejoy Kynter, followed by Congress candidate Andrew Charles. Gare, TMC candidate Justin G Momin, NPP candidate Gigur Myrthong and finally HSPDP candidate. They also explained their issues and principles that they stand for their own political party.
On the other hand, Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong said that he has promised that there will be an invitation to the authorities to complete the census and he hopes that all the work will be completed beforehand. to be the Synod.
“Money is the cause of confusion and it is the reason why they are confused so much,” said a rangbah from Ladrymbai, but who does not fall under Ladrymbai Dongwah.
“This month alone, there has been a rape incident in Jaintia Hill, the murder of a child in Guflink and yesterday the attack on the HNYF in Pynursla. Home Minister Amit Shah in October which could lead to instability in the state and all this will lead to instability in the state,” she said.
“Change will not come only from the political parties or politicians who are the agents of change in politics if the people themselves do not change,” he said. “I can't blame the political parties or the politicians for this because when the people are like that, they too can't change the behavior of the people.
It is located on the Lakroh River, near Muktapur village, West Jaintia Hills District and 6 KM from Muktapur.
I think there are about 28 people here.
As leaders, they must shape the future of their future generations especially the youth and the purpose of the VPP is to walk with the people to lead them to the goal”.
The EIA 2020 also states that any project without environment clearance (EC) will continue and proceed smoothly to implement any project.
Aizawl: There has been a fierce fighting between the people fighting against the military rule in Myanmar, which has now reached the border of Mizoram.
Speaking after the meeting, Ardent said, “We have won, but we should not be discouraged and that is why and on my part unless we get a clear written statement that the government will set up an expert committee, I will not. don't stop my hunger.
Jowai, June 30 : The Deputy Commissioner (Revenue) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today announced that the office has released 8,00,000/- (five lakh) tyngka to provide assistance to households as Ex- Gratia and this amount will be 4,00,000/- (four lakh) tyngka to the family of (L) Shri Jawan Alder Liefest Talang and (L) Shri Edify Laloo of Moodymmai village who lost their lives. A fire broke out on November 28, 2022 in Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block.
They paid this money in Khliehriat to the people of the MLA of Khliehriat.
The US National Security Council has also sent its condolences to the families of those US citizens who lost their loved ones in Israel's attack on Hamas.
If you are interested, you can buy a Kong's dildo vibrator.
The winners of Miss Shillong will receive trophies of T.1 lakh, T.75,000 and T.50,000, while the winners of Miss Supermom will receive trophies of T.50,000 and T.30,0 and T.20,000.
Shillong, Lber 7: Police have arrested Sunil Chettri, 24, of Polo, Shillong and Subroto Badhya, 23, of Pyntjor Bah, Shillong. Block 2, Shillong.
The Committee shall submit its report to the Executive Committee within six months.
it will be released after 5 or 10 years.
“We will wait for the report from the Commission on the allegation that he shot his wife in a public place and on the failure of the police to search for them when the family members of the victim came to complain. they".
It was on the 11th of last year that the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) was passed in Parliament.
According to reports, the truck PB 11 BY 7001 driven by Yespalsingh (58) from Rajapara, Punjab and his son were coming from Mizoram. Ajay Basumatary (32) of Tilakgaon Assam and his handler Sukra Sanjay Boro (22) of Jagi Road Assam collided with an empty truck (AS 01 GC 0107). They were coming from Guwahati and both of them fell into the road and all four of them sustained serious injuries.
Therefore, even within the states, all institutions are not equal.
However, she did not get out because she had to pay T.4000 because the government could not pay it all.
Speaking to media, Rymbui said that he has already directed the Additional Chief Secretary of the department to write to all the colleges to collect information on how many students are studying in the colleges. Their students, who are 18 years of age or older, have already been vaccinated.
“On these incidents, I appeal to you to take action to resolve these issues by conducting a CBI investigation,” Saleng said.
Throughout the day, the Nongmihkhmat of Ri Bhoi, after inquiring from the DC, went to congratulate all the employees working at the site, for their hard work. He gave his body and soul without thinking of himself, only for the good of the people of the state as a whole.
In the incident, he said a man named Replease Phalangki tied him with wooden sticks and he sustained serious injuries.
In the first leg, Demthring drew 0-0 with Khimusniang.
It is up to the wisdom of the people to change this situation”.
These companies have been signed by the government are Six Sigma Educom, Lachumiere, ETPL (India) Skills Development, Shillong, Orion Edutech Pvt Ltd Kolkata, IL&FS Education Technology Service Ltd, Noida, NYDA Nongkrem, Avenues Shillong, Gazelle Information Technology Pvt Ltd, Edubridge Learning Pvt Ltd Mumbai, HP Institute of Insurance Guwahati and Darpan, Guwahati.
At this meeting, it was also said that if the arrest of the Father continues, the protest will continue in the coming days.
Speaking on the opposition of the people whether there has been a Public Hearing regarding the project, he said that the four villages of these neighboring villages including Umsatai, Ladwahwapung, Pynurkba and Deinsatlang through the Rangbah Shnongs in a letter have decided to allow the Coke Plant to be located in the village, but it is surprising that these four villages through the media have decided to oppose the Coke Plant. the Coke Plant which is to be set up in the village.
I am afraid that even in the VPP party they will become its first or founder members.
Contempt of House – A contempt of House for speaking or uttering words that are against the sanctity of the House of Lords, whether at the level of the Village, Raij or Hima, including in the Dalari or Hima Legislative Assemblies. state.
The incident took place on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi.
On Saturday, 65 Meiteis left Mizoram for Manipur, the report said.
The accident happened at 1:30 pm in Jowai when the Bolero of the man collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction.
The Waheh Shnong of Darrang, Aliewsen Ryngksai, said that the village authorities have decided to ban any fishermen from staying in Wah Umngot without the permission of the village.
I want to fulfill my promises to the people and that is why I want to fight once again and after that, I will retire from politics and spend time with myself and my family.
This is our fundamental demand to implement the agreement of the State Leaders.
Ma Wailadmiki Shylla said that all farmers should send their applications to the BDO along with photographs of the damage and the varieties of crops grown by the farmers, so that they can be counted and implemented through the 100 days scheme.
The following are the departments appointed by the Prime Minister to all the Ministers in the BJP government today.
Standby Me Sari, a member of the village, was present at the distribution and congratulated Manbha Lyngdoh through whom Ramakrishna came down to distribute these food items.
Political parties, civil society and the people of Garo Hills should immediately reject.
Ltd, gave a detailed explanation on how to use or install this pipe through three parts namely Butt Fusion Joining, Electro Fusion Joint and Mechanical Joint or Compression Fittings.
“I don't see any problem with being an MLA and an MDC at the same time.
Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala will be buried at the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians, Laitumkhrah.
Earlier, Banteilang Kharrngi scored the second goal for Umrynjah in the 25th minute to take a 3-0 lead in the first half.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today sent a letter to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (EMRI-GVK) Shri Deepankar Choudhury. Aman War and Shri AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare of Meghalaya, reminded that the Ambulance Vehicle which used to be at Nongtalang CHC, has been withdrawn from the Sub Division since 2014 and until now it has not been used. 108 Ambulances are available in the area.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The BJP Youth Wing (BYP) Meghalaya has organized a special Kargil Vijay Diwas celebration to commemorate the soldiers who died in the Kargil India-Pakistan war in This day is the day when India won the war against Pakistan on 26th November
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills has issued an order that the examination of Class X and Class XII students will continue as scheduled and as directed by the Minister in charge. Lakmen Rymbui, the head of the state.
Sadhu, who inspected the polling stations and strong rooms at Polo Ground, as part of the polling day of the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, said that the district authorities have no intention of canceling the polling day. Group 144 CRPC prohibits processions and rallies on polling day.
Health is like a very important relationship.
A proper inquiry should be conducted to reveal the reason for this result,” said the AVBP. The AVBP leaders also raised five questions and demanded that the Education Department should answer.
We should also know that according to the CAB, only those who have entered India until 31st December, 2014 and no longer those who have entered India after 31st December, 2014, will benefit from the CAB. People from Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan are already in India and many of them have cases in various courts.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress Committee on the 26th of this month has appointed 18 members.
“According to him, the Union wants the border guard post to be located in Umtlih and Ummat and not in Thadrang and Tyrso as the government wants.
It is surprising why the Mizos and other non-Hynniew-Trep (Khasi-Pnar) ethnic groups have easily become the owners of the Bri u Hynniew-Trep.
"This means that the Government shall not oppose or oppose any religion.
The youth was able to drink the insecticide from his own house.
However, Dr Mukul said he did not want to say anything about the past, as the government under his leadership, wants to start a new path from now on.
Jowai, November 17: East Jaintia Hills Police with the assistance of Assam Police of Dima Hasao District have shot dead two suspected NDFB militants to rescue a Khar Nepali who was abducted. Narwan East Jaintia Hills.
He said that now the people have understood that they need leaders and a stable party.
Regarding the Seng's statement to the coalition government, Bah Pangniang said, “There are areas where the government has done well and we have to praise but regarding the inability of the government to bring about the We have to show the right laws and we criticize them if they don't listen to us who are members of the MDA”.
From Shillong Lok Sabha constituency, seven candidates have filed their nomination papers including MP and incumbent candidate of the Indian National Congress (INC), Vincent H Pala, Robertjune Kharjahrin, candidate of the Indian National Congress (INC). Ampareen Lyngdoh of the National People's Party (NPP), Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon of the VPP, and independent candidates including U.S. Prof. Lakhon Kma and Mr. Peter Shallam.
And how much more can they do?
He said the decision of the Court is a wake-up call to the village authorities.
“With your hard work together with the MLA, I think there is no problem to get a road where people from abroad and from other villages of Ri Khasi Jaintia will come to play pinggngad in this pond and also in on the hill of Mawkyndur,” said Bah Khyriem.
Until the people did not want to go to government hospitals to get medicine.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has been considered to be the most important of all the other government officials in the state, because various political parties, rich people and private individuals have been involved. complain about problems to the prime minister; However, at the office of the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, it was found that for the past nine months, the Chief Minister has met only 174 people.
Shillong: The OTPC Palatana Power Plant, which has two units and supplies electricity to the state, has collapsed one of its units yesterday. The three-hour fire brigade has been imposed in the state since yesterday.
Shillong: The Out Patient Department (OPD) of Shillong Civil Hospital will be closed for two days on the 2nd and 3rd of July for disinfection and cleaning of all parts of the hospital. .
Khliehriat, July 30: A robber identified as Plom Dkhar of Jalyiah village, East Jaintia Hills District has stabbed to death his wife The Siangshai, 43 years old. He committed this crime in the middle of the night. On the body of the woman, it was found that there was a mark on her neck.
“Criticizing the BJP for conducting a census of the number of churches in Assam,” Gogoi said, “the BJP does not believe in the principles of religion.
The High Court recognized the hard work of the state government, and especially the willingness of the government to do something about it.
The EC headed by DD Lapang discussed this issue and other issues related to health in the state.
But the boy survived to tell his mother everything that happened.
“The tree is 150 years old.
Sometimes he feels that he shouldn't be taken home and helped with something but suddenly it turns out that he should walk forward believing that the person who has been hurt will respect him more if he doesn't. to do good.
Nichols Roy (Sohra), BB Lyngdoh (Nongpoh) and HS Lyngdoh (Nongstoin).
Tura, Jymmang 16: Two National People's Party (NPP) supporters were injured in an attack by Trinamoo Congress supporters at Borshibanda village near the residence of the TMC candidate from Phulbari constituency on Tuesday. .
However, he fought in life and finally died and at the death of this man, I remember the words of Irfan Khan, the late Bollywood star, in which he wrote “I trusted, but I surrendered” and the life of this friend can be summed up by saying “too fast to live, too young to die” quickly and death comes quickly.
The priest is stupid without thought, he dresses himself in the minds of others, but the writing style is terrible, think of himself too.
We are against the location near the marten and the marten should be removed or moved to a place far away from the marten as it affects the consumers and also affects the commercial meat harvesters,” he said. state.
In addition, the production of milk and butter, which is one of the ways to support his family.
What is a smart meter? The old meter has two meter and the first is electric.
The new cases include EGH: 10 (Others), EJH: 23 (Others), EKH: 235 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-02, Others-233), NGH: 16 (Others), RBD : 05 (Others), SGH: 07 (Others), SWGH: 44 (Others), SWKH: 08 (Others), WGH: 82 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–81), WJH: 49 (Others) and WKH: 09 (Others).
The speed of these two MLAs has helped a lot to complete the work quickly and to clean up the remains of those who died. Khliehriat Civil Hospital for their hard work in completing the postmortem, as well as the nurses and doctors of Jalong Civil Hospital and Woodland WK Hospital for treating all the injured.
Therefore, on this occasion, all those involved in the Khadar administration are invited to participate in this boundary settlement.
“You're right,” said Stil.
Shillong: Heavy rain and cold weather has been expected in Shillong and across the Khasi Jaintia Hills today.
Mawlongbna has claimed to be Synrangdiengsohphan while Thyllaw has claimed to be Rithang.
British tennis player Andy Murray has announced his resignation from the French Open at Roland Garros due to a lack of focus on the season. The games on the field as a way to improve his performance until Wimbledon.
We haven't closed our door, we're still open to everyone," he said.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla praised the STEDS for taking the initiative to promote the environment and to turn to tourism which is one of the sources of income for the unemployed youth.
She said that krai can be a daily food in the state and she added that the shelf life of krai for two and a half years is the information that she still has. tip first.
Nangkiew Irat scored the first goal in the 10th minute but Kitboklang Khyriem turned the tide in the 41st minute.
When he reached the house in the evening, he found that Hep and Pyrsa kurim were also there.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ampareen urged the Minister of Ayush to include the traditional medicine of the Khasi and Garo people as one of the treatment options in the Ayush department. The North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) will conduct a thorough research on the effectiveness of herbal medicines used to treat the Khasi and Garo people for many hundreds of years. Ampareen said that Sarbananda Sonowal has invited her to the general meeting of the department to be held on 18th and 19th June in Delhi to discuss the issue. you die.
He said about 80 percent of the people in the state live in rural areas and live on agriculture.
Shillong, Nailur 1: The Union of Jain Sellers of East Khasi Hills (SKNJJM) today, accompanied by members of the KSU and FKJGP, left for the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. The DC, after issuing an order to them to leave the shop on Motphran Bridge, as it is in danger of collapsing.
Nongpoh, June 13: Leaders of the Raid Amjong under the jurisdiction of the Syiem Hima Khyriem with the support of 3 Seng Bhalang from Ri Bhoi on Tuesday visited the Raid Amjong to The visit to the villages inhabited by Bangladeshis, which is also a matter of concern that as the days and years go by, the number of Khar Bangladeshis has increased without any interference from the Hima. and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
The most important thing is the availability of electricity on the islands.
Through this discovery, scientists have also shown that this is a disease that will last a long time in the world, because its spread is not only from contact with other people, but also from contact with other people. It is the wind and the power of the wind, it can easily spread this disease to any city in a few minutes and it is clear that we cannot escape from this disease. but our lives are already in danger and treatment is no longer in the power of hospitals, but in our own understanding.
Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech urged the youth not only to wait for government jobs but to become youth who can create jobs for themselves through the skills they have been trained so that it will be a blessing to others. .
Various traditional dances including Khasi, Garo, Assamese, Burok, Jaintia and others were also performed on the occasion. The program was concluded with the welcome speech by Kong Bahun Basaiawmoit, Block Coordinator Umling. .
They have become a minority under the Constitution of India.
The Meghalaya High Court has decided to remove the teachers from the demands of these MDA leaders and to allow them to participate freely in political activities as before. They should have given a little praise and thanksgiving.
“However, when we looked near the pond, we saw that there were some non-NEHU students especially some leaders of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP).
Why did God create these things? Have you created them? Yes, when God created these things, His purpose was to create man.
At the same time, the union demands and warns the PWD department not to be silent but to take care of the problems of the people in coming and going and to clean up immediately. This is according to a statement sent by the President of the JSU Southern Border Zone, Bah Ajoyminson Lyngdoh.
West Khasi Hills is a fertile area like other parts of Ri-hynniewtrep, where the residents can grow soh, pait and other crops as they like.
On the prevention of the return of wildlife and bloody incidents in the past years, the Prime Minister said that the Government of Kal has worked tirelessly to ensure that peace will be at the forefront of Khaddar rule.
Km, the area and population is only 89,965 and there are only 87 villages, so I agree that the MDA government should first provide the Namdong C&RD Block which is entitled to and which the people already have. “It is not true because the distance from the border villages like Lapangap Khanduli and others has affected the benefits of the people to complete on time,” said the MDC. Namdong PHC has been upgraded to a CHC and Khanduli Sub-Centre has been upgraded to a PHC for the benefit of the poor and needy in the area which falls on the border with Assam and Meghalaya.
However, the source said that the NHM headed by the Mission Director has not only spent Rs 550 crore but has also taken the money collected by the government from those who test RAT, RT-PCR. The screening centers have been set up in many parts of the state during the COVID-19 pandemic. The NHM has been authorized to receive this money which should have actually gone to the state budget.
Recently, the Ministers of the Hima Mylliem visited the cow market in Khanapara and during the inspection they found that there was no such market as the meat vendors alleged that the market was held every day. “The inspection of the ministers is no longer a sudden inspection but there has been a preparation before the inspection in which all the cows in the market have been cleaned. “It's useless to hide and shake hands with each other but if there is concern for the people, work in the right direction, if we don't find that it is so, we won't blame,” said Bah Generous.
“He has resigned from the post of Vice-President but he is still a member of the party.
Speaking on the measures taken by the state government for the preservation of forests in the state, he said that in the past two years, the state government has gone to produce The government has recovered 61,375 bighas of land from the illegal settlers in Lumding Reserve Forest, Pabho Reserve Forest, Burhachapori Wildlife Sanctuary and Orang National Park.
However, the question that arises these days from many is, what kind of people should we choose? One by one they are the same and there is absolutely no difference over our leaders.
“We just eat while we are not at home and we request the government authorities to turn to us who live on our daily income,” she added.
However, until today, the visually impaired or the blind are still facing difficulties because in this area even the traffic police, drivers and the public do not know anything about this tree. white.
She said that they have 10 friends and they used to run from Shillong to Sohra to preach to the youth of the country to avoid drugs and other alcoholic beverages, which not only harm the body. of young people who fall into these evils but who destroy the society as a whole.
He also urged the youth to unite, love and be one because the youth have a great role to play in the development of the community.
At the same time, they have been directed to bring their mobile numbers and Aadhar Cards to renew their mobile numbers.
Also present at the meeting were James S. Lyngdoh, MPCC Working President, MPCC General Secretary Joplin Shylla, Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress President and other members.
The Garo were able to climb to the hills and descend to the west.
“Therefore, it is not possible for the government to supply water to those areas where the wells have dried up.
The fete was scheduled to be held on the 2nd-3rd of November, but for unavoidable reasons it has been postponed to the 3-4th of November.
(If you have any questions about such incidents, please send or inform us to NO- 9774422342/9436994670/bmlanong@gmail.com).
PVR INOX Limited has lost Rs 333.37 crore as of 31st October 2023, according to the report.
How can you marry your daughter... Khun ka poh jait" "Do you think I'll leave her too, I've thought well, even Rida can't clean that" he said. “Rida can't be clean?” asked the mother. “What do you mean?
The residents of Lapangap village have started harvesting rice in the fields at Nongjrong when 74 people went to harvest rice under the auspices of Assam police on 3rd March.
The incident also caused problems for the fire brigades due to overcrowding.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA) Prestone Tynsong said the Government is ready to support the GHADC and JHADC to overcome the to avoid financial difficulties and to pay the salaries of their employees.
Speaking at the meeting, Abu Taher Mondal said, “This partnership will achieve the goal we have set, which is about saving electricity and protecting the environment.
However, the residents of Upper Rangbah, Bangjeng, Nongrisan, Noonmati and Megadop do not understand Hindi and perhaps that is why they are no longer considered human beings.
He said that as a party, they should not look after other parties but should look after their own party and do their own duty which is at the forefront.
He also urged the residents of Sohphoh Village to be vigilant during this time to avoid the spread of COVID-19. Sohphoh Village has expressed its gratitude to the West Jaintia Hills District Adventure Sport Mountaineering Club. donation to the poor and needy in Sohphoh on 7th August
Golden Nonglong from Nongstoin, who is also a scientist, will contest from the Congress, while Kimfa S Marbaniang, MLA from Nongstoin, who has been suspended from the Congress, will contest. In Nongstoiñ, the Congress still has Gabriel Wahlang as MDC, but with the emergence of Macmilan Kharbani as the Trina Mool Congress candidate, the Congress has lost. Many of the leaders of the Primary Units have joined the TMC to give their full support to Bah Macmillan Kharbani.
The NOC was issued after the payment of the bailut to the owners of the land on which the railway line from Tetelia to Byrnihat runs.
Those who were present included BMC Saipung Block, Bah O Sumer, BMC Wapung Block, TR Challam, Sub-Inspector of Schools, Khliehriat, Bah S Gympad and Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Bah S. Dr P.Nongtdu.
She said that Lai has not married Hsai and Lai has met Hsai twice, the first time being on the day of the funeral. your father.
He said that as parents they should be like friends with their children because this will help them to understand the thoughts, aspirations and desires of their children and not to overwhelm them with the wishes of the parents but should be listened to and accepted what the children want and want to do according to their good interests.
Referring to the meeting, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the meeting was a chance to discuss and exchange ideas between the Regional Committee and the Hima, Raid and Shnong leaders.
Speaking on the occasion, Lok Sabha Member Agatha K Sangma, Leader of Tura Parliamentary Constituency, expressed her gratitude to these soldiers for their ability to provide their services. for the country.
“But we cannot say what kind of weapons they had to the area but here there are very few," she said.
“There are many ranks of teachers, deficit, deficit pattern, adhoc, and many others,” he said.
In fact, the government had planned to build up to 600 kynrad but as the company that built it, has fled, the project has remained dormant until now.
In the meeting with the CEM, the HYC leaders explained what they found during their inspection, because during the inspection by the HYC, it found that many foreigners who worked in the company They have not been able to produce proper documents and that is why they have met the CEM to take action against these foreigners.
But the mind was not clear.
A newspaper reporter asked Billy Graham (American Evangelist), "Where did you get this victory?"
Shillong, July 26: The Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah KW Marbaniang, on Tuesday said that it is the duty of the Roko Cancer Charitable Trust (RCCT) to fulfill its duties as agreed with the government.
When you come to the shyntur, you cannot speak.
The reporter also spoke to Firuth Ingty (Hymmen) of the victim, who said that the family members immediately learned about the abduction and they were filled with wonder, for they did not know why they should take life.
The training was held today at the hall of the office of the BDO of Thadlaskein Block.
Shillong: Regarding the rapid increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya and especially in East Khasi Hills District and Ri Bhoi District; The Meghalaya Education Department has decided to allow the students who should sit for the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examinations to attend the examination. They are allowed to write their examinations after the end of these examinations only if they can prove that they have contracted the disease by showing the school authorities the RTPCR Certificate.
There was also a display of tableaux by various government departments regarding the schemes and the success of their implementation and up to 14 tableaux were displayed.
In the last few months alone, it has been seen that the joining of MDCs to the ruling party in the state has increased.
They also requested the Deputy Commissioner to find other ways if the border market is closed due to the signboard on the border.
:The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) has been successful with Marbisu and Smit winning on Thursday.
Marvelous Dkhar, after doing this, drove the children out of her car and warned them not to tell anyone anywhere so that she could give them more money. him.
Jowai on Friday celebrated the National Sports Day, which will be celebrated across the country on the 29th of July at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The CoMSO has decided to hold a protest on the 21st before the arrival of Union Home Minister Amit Shah to conduct the 69th plenary session of the NEC on the 23rd of this month.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “The government has already ordered to stop the proposal to bring a casino in the state. The government has taken some decisions in the past before the opposition from many churches.
But I have another question.
This is in accordance with the Free Drug Policy Act, which is in force under the laws of the Government of India.
Bhopal: In his first decision as the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh, Mohan Yadav on Tuesday ordered a complete ban on the use of tynghung, jam in places of worship and public space.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District have been asked to identify the places before reaching the dam for parking between 8 am to 2 pm on the 31st. Open.
I don't want to discourage you, That you have made a mistake in life, David has broken the law of God, But there is still a way of mercy.
Sylvester Mylliempdah (138) and Sanvert Kurkalang (23).
In the election, UDP candidate Metbah Lyngdoh defeated Batskhem Ryntathiang by 155 votes.
Then I went, but now they have filled it all.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: Nine shops have collapsed at Mawkyrwat Market on the 5th of June. Nine shops belonging to Spilan Wanniang, Philona Wanniang, Mylliem, Terisa Wanniang, Floren Lyngdoh, Sumarlin Nongsiej and the shop of Theodora Thongni.
Marak, who is the Minister of Agriculture, also visited the slaughterhouses in Mumbai to learn how they work.
Ma Philemon Lyngdoh president JTES, said that due to the dumping of garbage at Iawmusiang, Jowai which has caused a lot of trouble and which is not easy for the runners to breathe, they have decided to change the route of the marathon.
For example, the water supply in the past was a “jonglang” which meant that no one owned the water sources.
“At the same time, he invites and welcomes all the citizens of Meghalaya to come and take part in this rally.
Alcohol is a great destroyer of human life and the brewers or sellers abuse it for their own personal gain.
The finalists were QC Springside HSS against HK Singh Memorial Secondary School.
At the meeting, the flag of the NPP was hoisted at the rally, which was attended by about 2,000 people.
They are members of the Coordination Committee of HANM, RBSU, RBPUO, RBPM and FRBP. They also wanted the Dorbar Shnong Sohpdok together with the officials of the company to join hands to find out the truth.
Prestone Tynsong said the veterinary department has been urged to monitor the pig farms across the state to monitor the health of the pigs.
According to him, the number of players who will take part will reach about 3,500 from 2,500 in previous years.
Former Namdong-A Waheh Chnong Ma Dawan Lyngdoh and UDP candidate Ma Dawan Lyngdoh have won the election from NPP MDC Ma Phein Nanglein from Mynsngat-Khanduli constituency. Congress candidate Rikut N Parien and MDC Ma Chanky Lyngdoh have resigned from Saphai constituency.
Regarding this, KHNAM has sent a letter to the CEO of the Municipal Board to issue a notice ban ban the dumping of garbage in the area and to send garbage trucks to the municipal board. to distribute information to the neighboring shops, to clean up the streets around the Bhoi Stand, and to set up a garbage truck near the Bhoi Stand every day.
The village leaders said that if they cannot complete the maintenance and cleaning of the road to 80 to 90 percent, they will not allow it at all. Lamare, Bah Daïapherbha Lamare, has expressed his anger over the actions of the NHAI officers who have submitted an incorrect report to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. He urged the East Jaintia Hills District authorities not to believe the NHAI report and said that from now on the district authorities should also seek the report from the village leaders of the district. Narpuh regarding the construction and maintenance of the NH-6 from Mynkre to Malidor, as according to the investigation it is clear that the NHAI officials have submitted false reports to the district authorities.
And God said, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
According to the Times of India, this Act has caused huge losses to the states especially to the states which rely heavily on agriculture revenue.
If they don't listen, take a stick and sympathize with them on the head,” said Giriraj, to the laughter of the crowd.
The owner of James Music School, Bah James L.Nongpiur, congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the MLA of the area for this donation.
Character certificates are only for completion purposes.
Shillong, Nailur, 02: Students and students of Higher Secondary Schools have discussed the advantages and disadvantages of Artificial Intelligence (AI) at the 24th Dr MM Das Memorial Shillong Inter College Debate. The competition, 2023 was held by the Zenith Jubilee Club in Laban on Saturday where the team from St. Edmund's College won the title.
On the other hand, the MDC said that he and his followers have decided to support Bah Shitlang Pale for his responsibility as a leader who looks after the welfare of the people. Shitlang Pale, in the past years, has been able to build roads in the villages in Saipung, Thuruk and has also been able to build heavy bridges. Lunar River in Khaddum and Khynriam River between Saibual and Moulasei and it is expected that he will continue to follow up to bring about development in the area. Jowai, Jymmang 06: Speaking to media on the day of filing his nomination papers at the DC office Jowai, Lakhon Biam said that the party has decided to remove the nomination papers. Personal Interview for Grade III and Grade IV in the recruitment process in the State.
Nine schools participated including St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, St. Margareth Higher Secondary School, St. Edmunds Higher Secondary School, Seven Set Annex Higher Secondary School and James Memorial School. , St.Francis School Umbir, St.Francis School Smit, Holy Child Higher Secondary School and Sacred Heart Girls.
He said that foreigners should stop being seen as votes for elections, but should think for the future.
Lajong are well prepared to face this team from the eastern part of the country.
Besides technical and professional courses, young people are also required to complete civil courses to compete for the posts of IAS, IPS, IFS, which have a broader field of government.
He said that the students should work hard so that through the efforts of the teachers it will be of help to them because only the students without teachers who work hard that is impossible.
The fourth season of the Meghalaya State League will witness the match between Niaw Wasa United and Rangdajied United.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
On the other hand, Bah M.Marbaniang admitted that there was a mistake and it will be resolved immediately.
He said AMPSTA will meet the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo on the 30th of this month to put forward their demands.
This arrangement is only for 36 constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
In today's Super Division match between Mawten Sports Club and Jakrem Sports Club, Mawten Sports Club failed to score a goal until the end of the match with a 0-0 draw.
“We have fought hard to get the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division and I am happy and if they don't want to support me, I welcome the decision of the people,” said Bah Martin M Danggo, who resigned. On the 21st July, 2018, at the inauguration ceremony of the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division at Ranikor.
Surjewala, on his part, sought an answer from the prime minister on his 40 election promises made in 2014 and one of them was to deposit Rs 15 lakh in each account. and to bring in stolen money, which is in different countries of the world.
Naidu will visit IIM Shillong, Nongthymmai.
In her speech, Dr. Saralin, in her speech, asked for the support of the people, in which she said that as the TMC candidate, she has the desire to bring about change in Mawhati Constituency.
The meeting was conducted by Bah W.Wanniang Secretary Shnong Diengsyiang and at the same time he is the Tymmen Basan of the Presbyterian Church. Nongpoh: This is the first time in my life that I have seen so many donations to a poor family in the villages. Other speakers including Bah Michael Thongni General Secretary of KDA. Lailad FC has won the 4th Umkaduh Championship League by beating Upper Umkaduh FC 5-2 , in the final match which was held yesterday at the Umkaduh Stadium.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court has postponed its hearing on a petition filed by former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Latiplang Kharkongor against the Administrator Rule in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). According to the latest news, the High Court has postponed the hearing to Monday.
No matter how difficult it may be, saying something like this can change your life.
This road is located near the Nongkhyllem Wildlife Sanctuary, which covers an area of ​​about 2,900 hectares, Ri-Bhoi.
Medulance has also provided services to PSUs such as NTPC, COAL India, and Odisha Jail, including Stationed Ambulance Services, Medical Centres, Medical Professionals and Medical Care.
Bangladesh has also decided to ban public gatherings during Ramadan, with only 12 people allowed in each church for Taraweeh prayers.
The nurses said that the Minister has told them that they have not requested RTI information on this matter.
"This statement is unacceptable because the author insults our Ïawbei and Thawlang as the tribes of the Jaitbynriew. Our country is filled with accusations that they have been deceived by the devil and that the darkness of the devil has come to cover our country.
The MoU was signed in the presence of Santosh Sarangi (Additional Secretary and Director General of DGFT), Chetan Krishnaswamy (Vice President, Public Policy – ​​Amazon) and Bhupen Wakankar (Director Global Trade – Amazon India).
He said the government will take measures to provide more detailed and accurate information to protect the country from any attacks by the insurgents especially in terms of demand. money of terrorists.
On the demand of the 36 villages of Block-I to ensure their return to Meghalaya, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “We have not yet announced anything on the 30-40 villages because we have not yet started the inspection.
A total of 631 people have been vaccinated today, 1,21,270 doses have been used so far and 34,433 people have completed both vaccinations.
Meanwhile, BSF troops patrolling on the border of South West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills seized a large quantity of cosmetics and clothes.
South Korea has begun opposing North Korea since North Korean leader Kim Jong Un announced that NK would try to launch missiles for the purpose of training and preparing for the country's nuclear weapons. the future is coming.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest in the presence of DC Sohtun, MAS Director of Horticulture Meghalaya Shillong and others.
The assumption of responsibility for the execution and completion of all large and small tasks and all kinds of tasks by the Trai ri and Trai Muluk in order to overcome the obstacles.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The State Police together with the intelligence agencies on Tuesday conducted a search operation and arrested a GNLA cadre. Partha Pratim Das, alias Rakta Asom Lance Corporal (L/Cpl), was arrested from ISBT Gorchuk.
“As soon as I was admitted to the hospital, the doctor examined me,” said the sister of Kong Ailis Nongrum.
Shillong, July 19: The BJP Meghalaya on Tuesday said that the illegal entry of people from Bangladesh will pose a threat to the country and Meghalaya.
There is a rapid release of the sleep hormone melatonin and a change in body temperature.
According to the KHNAM leaders, it is time to revise the Reservation Policy with a Cut Percentage to allow any child who exceeds the Cut Percentage to enter the Reservation Policy. KHNAM said that it would be better to abolish the Reservation Policy but to allow students to contest according to their ability. The examination will be held only for these three ethnic groups of the state.
He said that the language spoken by the people as the mother tongue has its own value and place in society.
Let me tell you one thing, we have already filed an affidavit three times and at that time the Meghalaya High Court (in the previous order) said that you have to implement the Roster System since .
During his visit to the US, he will have to look at new jobs in terms of his research, along with modern technology, for the needs of few members too.
The North Eastern Regional Domestic Workers' Movement, formerly known as the Domestic Workers' Association, was founded on July 1, 2003 by the Missionary Sisters of Mary Help of Christians, Shillong Province in Meghalaya. on acts of discrimination and violation of the rights of domestic workers.
“This year's rainfall has been very heavy because some of the areas have exceeded the estimates collected 40 years ago, which is unexpected,” he said. .
The State Government has decided to subsidize three types of fertilizers including Single Super Phosphate (SSP), Muriate of Potash (MoP) and Di-ammonium Phosphate (DAP). per cent through Meghalaya State co-operative marketing & consumers federation limited/wholesaler/retailer.
On the part of the coach of the team, Bah Jeffrey Warlarpih, he expressed his happiness after the team has reaped the fruits of the victory and also congratulated the players who have fought hard from the beginning to achieve the goal. the desire to win the title.
To commemorate the 127th birth anniversary of India's freedom fighter, Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, also known as the “Day of Courage”, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan has honored the Netaji Subash Chandra Bose laid a wreath at Raj Bhavan in Shillong.
Another problem faced by the parents of the students is that they are not allowed to write examinations and get results if they can afford to pay the school fees and examination fees.
Sometimes, we do nothing more.
“The lack of electricity distribution by MeECL for several months in Jaintia Hills has severely affected especially the school children in their education and also the people of the area from households to offices. government, shops, and others are the parts,” said Bah Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President of AJYWO. :00PM because it is the time when the people need electricity.
At present, these villages have to rely on water supply through the Tura Urban Water Supply Scheme.
Therefore, in Meghalaya we should propose to allocate special jobs and special allocation in schools, colleges for the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo who do not have their own land, the poor and deprived, the poor. income and income.
They stared at each other for what felt like a while.
Police on duty today after investigating and finding out that they were the people who violated the curfew, they warned them by sending them to sit down and threatening them. person.
Those who don't know also have to send them to the elders who know.
It is hoped that their timely action to protect this river will ensure that it will become the river of Jowai for future generations.
I am ready to work with them or with the state government,” said Champion.
“I am worried because this country is too weak in the field of tracking and intelligence so in a country like ours where the intelligence agencies are very weak you have allowed the authorities who may be insurgents and “It's a great opportunity for us to come to this country and this has put the country in great danger,” said Prof Kma.
The Plol Market, which owns at least 90 RCC shops, collapsed at about 12:00 pm this morning. and the flame of the fire was very terrible.
After SCA-A reached 18/3 in the second innings, Nandi once again played well to remain unbeaten and score 25 runs from 20 balls. to lead his team to 46/3 and to continue the final match on Tuesday.
u ong da – Fear God, and give him glory: for the hour of his judgment is come.
On this occasion, the union also donated a donation to the youngster who will leave tomorrow morning to compete in the Muay Thai tournament in Dubai.
Rangdajied United FC have managed to control the ball more than Mumbai's Millat FC. The team took a two-goal lead at the end of the first half. Owanijuh Pajuh scored both goals (16 and 34 minutes) before the end of the first half.
The Government is well aware that as time goes by, the people forget and become more and more aware of public issues.
The incident happened on Saturday at 2.00 pm, while the youth and other youths were going out to eat. place.
It may be recalled that these two villages have been declared as Containment Zones on 11th June, 2021 as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 due to the presence of COVID-19 patients and High Risk Contact in these villages.
Shillong, June 24 : The 9th Annual Sports Meet 2023 has been closed at the Ïewrynghep Secondary School, Mawnianglah Upper Shillong on Monday (24-04-2023).
From this journey , “they thought to get what they had planned", but this great storm came to overwhelm them, they were afraid, and looking for supplies, they threw everything away and at that time it was said, “And neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on them, the hope of survival is lost".
In this regard, we would also like to express our gratitude and congratulations to the Government of Meghalaya, especially to the Chief Secretary and the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District for giving us permission to hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem. The General Administration Department and the Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District have declared a public holiday on the 12th June 2021 in East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District. Bhoi District, to celebrate this Shad, Ka Happiness is ours.
In Tura, the contest was between former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno Agitok Sangma and Daryl William Cheran Momin, the Congress candidate.
The clinic was inaugurated by Pastor C.Marbaniang in the presence of doctors, nurses and leaders of HITO. He said that the Seng's visit to this day is part of the celebration of the 3rd Anniversary of its foundation.
However, Prestone said that in one year, it is no longer possible to pass degree or matriculation examinations.
Young children, however, have their own knowledge but no one shows them the ways and means how to use their knowledge.
Among women or longkmie, researchers have not been able to give an accurate or strong conclusion due to the lack of data, although overall they have found the same result. event.
“The use of children by political parties, parents and adults in elections has caused tragic incidents especially during the election campaign. , has caused sorrow and injury,” said HYC-Sohiong Circle President Bah Purningstar Shabong.
To prevent such incidents, the police have requested those who park arshaka vehicles not to park near the road or in unsafe places and to tie chains even after locking the arshaka vehicles. they.
Arwan S. Tariang was elected as the Rangbah Shnong, Ransom Sutnga and Keansly Basaïawmoit as Assistant Rangbah Shnong, Greater EM Kharpuri as General Secretary and Manbha Warjri as General Secretary. Cliff Sawian as Assistant Secretary, Ksankupar Warjri as Treasurer and Dr. BPS Toi as Adviser.
“I just want to ask the government whether it is willing to appoint a Principal for temporary charges or to hold dual charges in Pinemount Shillong School and if it is not willing to do so, why not? Sib Singh School in Nongstoiñ has been appointed as a full time Principal and only one post has been appointed by the DSEO Nongstoiñ. discrimination in Government schools in the state if this happens? We strongly request the government to allocate and match at the same level in any school development projects in government schools,” said D.Sun.
Physics.
Shillong, July 10: OM Roy Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Kyntonmassar has won the trophy after being able to prevent and control the rise in blood pressure. FKJGP Mawlai Circle beat Christ Church Morning School 3-1 in the final of the VIII Inter School Knock-Out Football Tournament organized by FKJGP Mawlai Circle on Thursday. July, 2022.
The AIM through the petition has also informed the college through the Principal that the opportunity to reopen the schools after the lockdown should not be misled and should be used according to the freedom of education as From the beginning, there should be no need to wear masks, wash hands everywhere and also not to follow other protocols in the management of Covid-1
In the field of trade, while the foreigner lives in small shops, over the years he increases the size of the organization, but our children live in big shops and most of them run and close. for the baptism is past.
Shillong: The 5th edition of the Meghalaya Games will be held from January 15 to 20, 2024, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced on Twitter.
Since the 3rd of January, about 125 people have been killed, more than 300 injured and about 50,000 displaced.
In those days God said, I have shut up the dew of heaven, and the fruit of the earth, and the corn, and the wine, and the oil; everything.
“It was shut down but it was the Chairman of the Managing Committee or just a local person, I don't know whether he can do the job,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Kynsai Naiang (17) has drowned in Wah Myntang on Sunday. Police sources said that the drowning incident happened on Sunday at 10:00 pm. about 1 o'clock in the Lumkor area, part of the Myntang River.
Fr Jude is also the director of the Catholic Men's Association.
Jowai, Lber 13 : The Office of the Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, West and East Jaintia Hills District has informed the public especially the meat vendors (beef, pork, pork, goat, fish and so on) From time to time, the Office has issued the requirements to comply with the ORDER of the Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court through PIL No.2 dated 14.06.2022 and and PIL No.7 dated 17.08.2023 that this notice shall be the last opportunity for the Office of the Assistant Commissioner to give time to the meat vendors to comply with the requirements as mentioned in the NOTICEs distributed to the vendors. meat:-Meat vendors will have to register their shops with the Food Safety Department (FSSAI).
Through this order, all activities in the area and also the entry and exit of people in the area has been banned. Shillong: There are 28 BSF personnel, who tested positive for Covid 19, today.
While staying there, they continued their education at Swathy Matriculation School, Hosur, according to the order of the Madras High Court.
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
Now we have to look very carefully in the development of excellence in private universities.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) has expressed its strong opposition to the government's decision to open weighbridges and toll gates in the state. .
Earlier, Justice Vaidyanathan served as a Judge of the Madras High Court since April
The second couple refers to lovers who are close every day.
The incident happened at 6 pm last night, after police received a tip and it was a search operation that led them to seize these gut lines from Byrnihat and Nongpoh.
He said he had seen in the media that Dr Mukul Sangma had clarified on this issue and this had clarified the darkness of the people.
The Mawkhar Chief Minister said that he does not agree and believe that the government will promise from time to time to complete the Entry Point, but never shows the work and especially to implement this center to check the entry of people from other states.
The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Prestone Tynsong, said the resolution on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) has been passed and sent to the Central Government for approval. pat with something.
This was after it was reported that only the NPP did not attend the meeting held by the KJCLF on Friday evening at Laitumkhrah, Shillong although all the leaders of the political parties attended. to speak at this meeting.
Khliehriat, July 23: 290 members and leaders of the East Jaintia Hills Congress Committee (EDC) today sent their resignation letters to the Meghalaya Pradesh Hills Congress Committee (EDC) with the intention of joining the party. The National People's Party (NPP) has said that only Nehlang Lyngdoh can free them from slavery.
U Bah Ynsai N Syiem has been elected as the Acting Syiem of Bhowal Hima in the elections held in April this year hima due to the death of the King in
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills has called for a meeting with the two organizations today to implement their demand. The Additional DSP, ADMs together with the SDO of MeECL and two members of the JSM were led by General Secretary Leningstar Rymbai, Publicity Secretary Deijuhi Siangshai, Education Secretary Roitrei Dkhar and Convener. JSM Women Wing and JYF led by President Niwasly Rymbai and General Secretary John Pala.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Ohiwot Laloo Staff Assistant DSEO, Jowai said that the purpose of such programs is to bring unity among the citizens of India, and this will be achieved only if the school children receive training on how to to be united and to understand among fellow students from one school to another because in the school all ethnic groups, cultures and religions are mixed.
Thiangmon Suting, CPE Head Teacher, Sohmynting Govt.
Before leaving the house, he said to his mother, “Mother, I will stay at Lydia's house because they have sent me to help you.
Han said the group was cleaned up and there were Prestone's men.
He added that the VPP party will go around the Khasi-Jaintia Hills to preach on the party's mission and as it is until these days, wherever the party goes, the people are ready to vote. “It is the only party that really stands up to fight for the rights of the people,” he added.
The CEM also informed that the Annual Accounts of the Council for the year 2022-2023 have been prepared and sent to the Chief Accountant, Shillong.
The SPs include Sylvester Nongtnger (East Khasi Hills), Siddharth Kumar Ambedkar (East Garo Hills), Jagpal Singh Dhanoa (East Jaintia Hills), Shailendra Bamaniya (North Garo Hills), Giri Prasad (Ri Bhoi). ), Maxwell B Syiem (Eastern West Khasi Hills), GD Kharwanlang (South West Khasi Hills), AT Sangma (South Garo Hills), C Syrti (West Jaintia Hills) and BD Marak (West Khasi Hills).
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has taken many measures to resolve the incident in the state.
“What is surprising to the union is that in this Sub-Center there are not even medicines for the people of the village and the area to drink when they come to the hospital. He said that there is no medicine from the sub center when they go to get medicine. This shows the government's neglect of the people living on the Bangladesh border. The union demands from the District authorities of East Jaintia Hills District and also from the MLA of 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla. and especially to the state government, that they should take action on these problems faced by the people especially during this rainy season when the people of the area are sick and suffering. They are also worried about the lack of market vehicles in the border area, as vehicles cannot pass due to the poor condition of the road from Huroi to the national highway Sonapur.
They said that they will also send a letter to the Government of Meghalaya on this issue.
Tsitsipas has now lost his third final in Barcelona; after Nadal's 2018 and 2021 defeats.
" Maharashtra have reached the final.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle has urged the shopkeepers along the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District to stay away from the hospital. , who sit in various shops, should take care of themselves and also that they should avoid contact with people who have just arrived from other states.
“This committee will sit to look into the difference in fees between different schools,” said Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma.
This decision of the committee is final and no appeal can be made.
Shall we cover our faces or shall we cover our hearts and defend our rights?” Conclude the article in this pamphlet.
The Dorbar Pyllun of Sahsniang Village including Sahsniang-A and Sahsniang Saitthad (B) has unanimously decided to maintain peace and order in Sahsniang Village after the controversy over the MLA election results. The meeting was attended by the Executive Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah WK Kharlukhi, JM Sangma, DSP (Law & Order), Ma Rimaya. Muksor Assistant Director Information & Public Relation, Jowai.
Then ask the Khasi of today, how would they feel if instead of the ADCs, those traditional Khaddar Synshar were established? If they don't do anything now, even if there are still those Syiems, it may be that the Jinglong-syiem now is just a Shynrong without a Jingïohnong.
These office bearers were sworn in by the Working President of HANM Jaintia Zone in the presence of Shaniahlang Suchen, General Secretary Wankishwa Mawlong, Publicity Secretary Arki Litan and other members. The newly elected members of the Executive Committee of HANM Laskeiñ Circle include President Eborlang Phawa, Vice President Desa Rabon, General Secretary Yooki Shylla, Assistant General Secretary and other members of the Executive Committee.
They encouraged others who used to support him from other parties to come and support him this time.
Nongpoh: Ri Bhoi Police together with Nongpoh Police Station, this morning at 1 pm, arrested a man, who was accused of involvement in drug smuggling from Guwahati. to deliver to Shillong.
The vehicle, a Mahindra XUV 300 (ML 05 X 4578), fell outside the road before reaching Iongnoh village.
He said that the company which built the road should have completed the bridge first, so that it would not cause any problem to the people in coming and going.
“But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth” (Acts 1:8).
Bah T.Lyngwa who was the chief guest said that the main purpose of the camp is to bring closer the work of government offices and the people as these villages are far away. The District Headquarters is located in Mawkyrwat.
The match came to an end with Christ Chruch (day) winning 10 goals, and Kedrial scored 10 goals to send the team to the semi final.
He said that under the instructions of the Prime Minister, special attention has been paid to improving the availability of transportation through new airports, the launch of various aircraft, the improvement of roads. railways in the region, new roads and shipping lanes.
In his speech, he also advised the people that in these areas there are many green trees, therefore when they get up in the morning look at the greenery of the trees, plants and shrubs so that it will be like a and their eyes were opened.
She said that the people should not be afraid but should accept that this is a golden opportunity for the people of the area and the constituency to achieve change in development and in all aspects.
There are 101 candidates in the Graduate Commerce category, who registered from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 788 candidates remained unemployed till 31st November 2018 and 48 candidates in the category. Graduate Engineering from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and the total number of vacancies is 314 as of 31st November
The three-member team of the Election Commission of India will arrive in Shillong on the 12th and 13th of this month.
After the court intervened, the government is now claiming that it has closed down those illegal coal mining factories which in fact should not have been opened in the first place.
Urging the residents of the village to think carefully and not to trust those who are not the people of the Block or the Government , he said that He said that only volunteers appointed by the BDO offices can apply for passbooks or EPIC to deliver to the Block.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Ten foreigners on Saturday allegedly held a mass rally in Jorabad, Assam near Meghalaya. vehicles from Meghalaya as a protest against the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in this regard.
The forum also alleged that the state government has destroyed the churches in the area and has not respected the forests which are considered to be sacred in the area.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Twintilis Shylla and Tiralin Shylla said that they have formed a group known as “Shylla Shipara SHG Tynnai” and they have not received any training to train them in the field. but it was through the teaching of the elders that in ancient times they received the teaching of their children.
The shooting death of Bah Roning took place near Mawshun and near Pomshutia village near Pynursla.
It may be recalled that on the 25th of this month, a dewbilat bridge constructed by M/s Dhar Construction collapsed and in this incident the employees of the company including an engineer were injured.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities (UVH) has decided to hold a public rally on the 16th of this month. Before the march, there will be a gathering of all the Rangbah Shnongs outside the Governor's residence on All India Radio at 11 pm. in the house of Lat.
However, he said that the Government has provided a lot of assistance to the farmers in the State.
Lanong said the letter they received from the government today showed that the discussions at the meeting were to discuss the proposal to amend the 6th Schedule and the issues related to the it is with the heads of the rulers.
On 20th June 2021, Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said, “The NPP will win many seats in the MDC elections in GHADC,” said MR.
This is a place where thousands of tourists from all over the world flock every day from near and far.
Khliehriat, Nailar 12: The CSR department of Star Cement Lumshnong Company today held a special program at Star Public School Lumshnong, where scholarships were distributed to those students who have achieved the highest levels of Class XII, who have passed the Star Merit Test examination held on 21st July 2022, this scholarship is to support those students who are still studying, said the Secretary. of the Ministry of Education, Meghalaya, Bah R.Rapthap, was the chief guest.
If there is no benefit, they should file a PIL in the High Court demanding that they should return the money they have spent from the government budget, which is public money.
He said this while talking to media on Tuesday at Ïewduh.
The film was written by Bah Fairman Khongmalai, about the life of Daju who lives in the market and how Daju also has his own story to warn others.
She said that the Act prosecutes a person who commits any serious acts of violence that are against and affect the society.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Body today met with the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on the issues related to the Central Agriculture University in Kyrdemkulai.
The Mawkhar Women's Welfare Organization (SKMWO) on Saturday, 9th November, 2023 held a Carnival Festival as part of the fundraising campaign. part of the activities and projects that the women’s organization plans.
The Chief Minister admitted that the police have already identified the people involved in the incident in Shillong and the law will take the necessary action.
“We have complaints in the police department that we have dismissed and charged them under the Meghalaya Prevention Detention Act (MPDA).
In addition, it will also provide support and provision of markets for the management of agricultural products as well as livestock of the farmers.
"Bah Let and Bah Shanbor began to drink the tea," said Kong Lumspah, the wife of Bah Shanbor.
The author of the report, Dr Brett Kissela, said “the reasons for this change may be due to the increase in risk factors such as diabetes, obesity and high cholesterol”.
Other farmers said that if the price continues to fall every month as it is now, it would be better to feed the pigs because these days every village has many pigs because there is no more. who bought pigs.
According to reports, these 11 villages want to go to Assam only because they feel close to the Hindu faith.
At the meeting, it was decided that there has never been such a process through their minds for the resignation of many BJP members. “It is under the leadership of Bah Ernest. Mawrie said the party has grown well now.
Replying to a question, Prestone said that there have been those who have gone to court and the government has already submitted an affidavit but this is not the reason, but the main reason is that The Committee will seek ways and means to resolve the issues which have been pending for many years and that is why the Government has set up the HLC. The HLC, which has been in place for many years, will soon submit its report to the Government once it has received the opinion of the Urban Development Department and the Shillong Municipal Board.
He said that the village leaders have shown a spirit of readiness to fight against the spread of drugs.
Not only that during the heavy rains, football matches had to be canceled due to the fact that the ground was flooded and even the wells to drain the water were destroyed.
However, in this old group, it is sleepy, he said.
The competition was inaugurated by Bah Sunshine Makri, UDP Umsning Constituency Candidate, in the presence of Bah Binestar Kylla, Secretary, Breggie Sun, Organizing Secretary of the group. Many of the elders of Umsning area.
It was also directed and explained that Waheh Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs cannot be dealers, because Waheh Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs should look after the applicants so that they should be financially stable. money, sufficient storage space and fuel storage and must also be able to read and write.
These insects are the same as those that infect the riewhadem as I have shown in that chapter.
Before the Charitable Football Friendly match, a short meeting was held in which Bah Kitbok Khongah, one of the members of the EC of Sohkha Shnong Everlasting Sports Club, conducted the meeting.
Bangladesh Transport Minister Obaidul Quader told reporters in Dhaka today.
The swelling of the blood vessels affects and blocks the ability of blood to flow properly and causes the blood vessels to lose their strength to pump blood to the body's organs.
According to police sources, after receiving a tip that some people were trying to smuggle cows to Bangladesh through Muktapur, they conducted a patrol and when they reached Pdeinshakap, they arrested them. saw that there were two men who were chasing these cows.
Guyana President Irfaan Ali on Monday said the fire was severe and had severely affected the area and was something Guyama had never experienced before.
“Bah Kharsyntiew is a former leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), he joined the HSPDP recently, but he has been appointed President and also as a candidate for the HSPDP. “There are six new office bearers who have been elected recently,” said Bah Myrthong.
Shillong, July 26: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday decided to write to the state government to increase the allocation of funds. (royalty share) from 25% to 35% of the coal revenue.
The plant, we must remember, is a living thing; and thy works are wonderful.
“I am pleased to announce that after 2016, 2016 was a bad year for Meghalaya, as well as other North Eastern States where human trafficking cases have increased. good.
The number of samples tested positive is 12513, negative is 12169 and 300 samples are awaiting testing.
Ex – Rev K.Langrin.
“After this I spoke to another friend whom I have been close to and helped me to win the election in the past years, to find out whether they want my son to contest so that It will make it easier for them to prepare because I myself after resigning from the BJP I have not decided to join any party so it makes it easier for me to work hard for my son.
Angela Marbaniang, Head Mistress of St Peter's Secondary School Khuswai, Bah Andreas Klein, Chairman of the Managing Committee and other dignitaries.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: Up to 16 passengers were injured when a Night Super Bus No.As24C-2829 overturned on the road at Rat Tacherra village.
Because when you wear good character, blessings will flow from the right and left because everyone can put their trust,” said the mother.
“We request the government not to violate our rights even if we are only contractual teachers, because in all government departments there are contracts and why only we teachers are being treated badly after we have completed our the criteria of the government”, said the teachers.
These include sellers of books, cassettes, calendars, plastic bags, snacks and other items.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 81 new cases have been confirmed and 928 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
“However, in this meeting, there was a difference of opinion between the two groups, led by JJM Nicholas Roy, and one group led by the Federation of Khasi State. The Khasi State will be under the jurisdiction of Assam led by JJM Nichlas Roy and another will be under the jurisdiction of Assam which will include the States and non-states. including the Jowai Division of Khasi and Jaintia Hills which will not be through Assam but as its own state,” he added.
The Chief Minister said that about 90 percent of the members of the House are happy to take a decision on the ILP but some have expressed their doubts and this is an insult to the people who want ILP. “When the central government in the past withdrew Meghalaya from the ILP, why did the previous governments listen and why did the governments in the past years, They didn't do anything when the people demanded ILP and now they have demanded ILP and they point fingers at us now because we listen to the voice of the people and this is wrong.
“Whether the District Council will come back,” said one of the elders when talking to Rupang.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 14: The residents of Mawramhah, Mawsep and Mawthong areas of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat have expressed their sorrow and grief over the deterioration of the PMGSY road starting from Lad Laitlawsnai which passes through Pynden. -mountain, Moses to Mawthong.
Shillong, March 06: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has expressed its strong opposition to the government's refusal to provide 3 percent employment quota to people with disabilities.
When these seedlings are larger, they are taken to another place where they are left for ten or two years, and then they are planted in the field.
“If social media has to decide on politics, cases, women's dress, men's behavior, it would be better to contest elections on social media,” she said. .
“ANLA don't shed the blood of Garo Hills,” said one of the residents of Garo Hills. the writings of the card.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 30 : The Nangshai Village Organization (NAO) today celebrated its 1st Anniversary in
The rural parties give tickets only to those who can spend them during the elections.
For the decision of the winner and loser, the referees took the team to the tie breaker and it was there that Tyllilang managed to beat Nangkiew Shaphrang 7-6
Sangma said the State Government has worked with the Ministry of Jal Shakti to maintain the cleanliness of the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers.
The ceremony was attended by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tyngsong, PHE Minister Samlin Malngiang, Education Minister Lahkmen Rymbui and Fisheries & GAD Comingone Ymbon. MDCs of JHADC and hundreds of people from other Raijs like Jowai and Tuber.
Referee Damir Skomina awarded the penalty kick and it was the first goal scored by Mohammed Salah.
This is the time when Daniel said, “Blessed is he that liveth unto the thousand and thirty and five days” (Daniel 12:12).
The Governing Body of Nongtalang College has also honored Lahkmen Rymbui.
Because this Messiah is the great enemy of Israel.
The above can be the foundation and example for building an equal and impartial society in terms of power and wealth among the citizens.
Dear School Principal, First of all, I would like to thank you for your support during this difficult time.
In the first innings, Riatsamthiah Cricket Club beat Donkin SCSC by three wickets.
The amendment motion of Bah Adelbert Nongrum was supported by Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent who said that the people expect that as MLAs in the opposition they will raise many issues affecting the people and the whole state.
Once we have identified them as good or bad, it is difficult to control them unless we have the power to control ourselves, a strong will to give up and a strong conclusion. Good habits build up our lives and lead us to a full human life.
“In 2019, the Army has sent a letter to the SP East Khasi Hills regarding zero tolerance for trespassers.
The deceased was one of those injured in the shooting incident in the hills of Thamnapokpi, Bishnupur district, on Tuesday morning. He died at Imphal Hospital.
Some of them are affected by this disease, they often fall and break the tar and drop and throw the furniture.
Investment in educationCentral and State Governments to jointly increase private sector investment in education to reach 6% of GDP.Unprecedented discussionsThe NEP 2020 was formulated after the More than 2 lakh respondents from 2.5 lakh Gram Panchayats, 6600 Blocks, 6000 ULBs and 676 Districts have received more than 2 lakh views.
Speaking to reporters, Wankupar Syiemlieh said that it will be easier to defeat the Congress party in this election because the contest is no longer with HDr but with his son. he.
: We live in an age when science has advanced greatly.
Today, the small group went around to conduct a medical checkup for the police who have to be on duty at night to prevent any foreigners from entering the state who may bring the Corona virus. that they have also worked hard in implementing what the government has ordered.
Shish you didn't.
The statement said that after seeing in the newspapers the opposition of the three villages and the Sengbhalang, they sent for accurate information to find out the truth.
After the news that there will be no appointment of ministers by the prime minister if the AICC authorizes, Bah Ronie said, “Even if I am appointed minister, I will serve, because when I am an MLA, I will serve. to the people, our job is to serve".
Furthermore, there has been a strong focus on changes in public transport and vehicle types – It is estimated that more than 12.65 MMT of GHGs will be reduced through the 773 km of metro lines currently in operation in 18 cities with a total of 1,006 km under construction in 27 cities.
The book of Revelation says: And his name is called The Word of God.
You can write to us at this email address.
State Election Commissions will also be set up to conduct elections to Autonomous Councils, Village and Municipal Councils in Meghalaya, Assam, Mizoram and Tripura.
Ranjana Bhuyan, Branch Manager of the bank, said that according to the videos recorded by the CCTV cameras, it was at 3 pm that the five persons were robbed. The robbers tried to steal from the ATM, but fortunately when the robbers tried to commit the robbery, the siren sounded and the robbers fled the scene. .
Of these, 8,728 people have died and counting those who have died in the past decade, they include those who have died from alcohol, tobacco, percent more deaths from sleeping poorly compared to those who get up early.
He said that the cooperation between the ethnic parties and the Congress party in these years is only an inevitable pressure.
The end of those days is the last days.
The Governor said that one person cannot protect and everyone needs to take responsibility.
Bah B Kharbuli said the reason for the increase in the price of cows is due to the illegal trade in cows and also, the closure of the cow market in Khanapara has caused trouble to the people. cattle buyers.
The founders of the country have seen that we are worthy of the Sixth Schedule and the party stands firm on this basis, whatever happens,” said Ronnie.
The Governor's speech in Hindi is not new but it has happened in the past where there have been some MLAs who have been forced to speak in their own language in the House.
According to the family members, they came for treatment on Saturday after she complained of fever.
The Fiesta V was donated by MDC Bah Latiplang Kharkongor and assisted by Samla Ronaldson Dkhar.
When it comes to marriage, there is no difference except the knieh khawlang that separates the relationship.
"The Principal said with a smile. Rida didn't know what to say anymore, she just listened for a while. "Who and how are you preparing...?" The Principal asked, “I'm ready except for a few things I don't understand. I ask the teachers...” The Principal replied. “It's a good idea to be humble and work hard, I expect the school to get honor from you,” said the Principal. He stood up and greeted her from her hand.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has held a congratulatory meeting to congratulate and congratulate the state cricket teams in the Senior Men's and U-19 Men's category for their preparations for the BCCI tournament. the aiom.
The match became more intense after a 1-1 draw and Lajong (home team) didn't manage to get only 10 points and continued to control and Delhi FC scored the first goal of the match.
Suwansing didn't even have money.
In other events, Zac Stubblety-Cook, the world record holder in the 200m breaststroke, finished in 1:00.07 to win the 100m. Samuel Short beat world champion Elijah Winnington to win the 400m Freestyle trophy.
As the chief guest, Dr. Laloo recalled the outstanding leaders of the state who fought for the independence of Meghalaya.
The Dolloi of Nongkhlieh Elaka, Nao-hi Sukhalin and the Dolloi of Nartiang, Don Dkhar, have withdrawn from the group of Dolloi who collect taxes from the people.
The Government is also encouraging startups to promote the export of rice products and Ready-to-Eat (RTE) and Ready-to-Serve (RTS) products such as noodles, pasta, breakfast. cereals mix, biscuits, cookies, snacks and others.
“I respect the decision of the people even though I lost when I contested the MLA election,” she said.
Through the establishment of a Border Monitoring Commission or a body to oversee all activities along the border.
Tens of thousands of Hynniewtrep and Hynniewskum children who still hold the traditional religion of Tip Briew Tip Blei along with traditional dress and grooming have taken part in this tournament. sons of Hynniewtrep, including the Khasi and Raij.
He added that the MCTA is a foundational organization and believes that without proper preparation, the implementation of the NEP 2020 will be unsuccessful and will benefit the students.
Office Secretary- Wansalan Dhar Bad about 17-18 Executive members.
During this meeting, they talked about many things.
Laitlyngkot is also located on the highway from Sohra to Assaloo via Jowai, which is only 25 miles from the Jaintia Hills.
After receiving information that they were inside the village, they conducted a search operation but because there were many of them with weapons such as knives, sdie, they were afraid to attack them because the people did not don't do anything but you're right.
Just because parents have to send their children to private schools, it doesn't mean that those school principals will take advantage by increasing the price.
The entire Jaintia Hills District is a Jowai Sub-Division which was created in 1869 and now falls under the jurisdiction of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and two administrative districts, West and East.
He said that this parking of vehicles along the highway has caused a lot of trouble not only to the people, but also to the drivers of vehicles carrying goods and beverages.
Daniel L.Gatphoh, one of the prominent photographers of Jowai, shared his journey in photography and encouraged the children.
Jowai, July 30: The Khasi Jaintia Tourist Maxi Cap Association (KJTMCA) Jowai Unit has announced that there will be no sumo on Saturday, 1st June. They are from Jowai to Shillong.
Many feel that this action of the government is just a waste of time because the police also write reports from the office and do not go to investigate.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Garo Hills has decided to contest the mid-term elections for South Tura constituency where the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma will contest from the NPP. The decision to contest the election was taken at a meeting held at the residence of UDP Garo Hills President BG Momin.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 90 new cases have been confirmed, including 70 from East Khasi Hills, 9 from West Garo Hills, 5 from West Jaintia Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi and 3 from South West. Khasi Hills.
At the top of the minute and work – pray to God – with these teachings, the elderly teach good manners to all our young people, not to be selfish, selfish, without shake your hands and your feet in your daily activities.
This has caused many vehicles to leave, but the small vehicles that dare to cross the water have reached the gate.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Maikhuli, Kladen Sangma, on Tuesday said that the residents of Maikhuli will not accept the MOU signed between Assam and Meghalaya. They did not give their land to Assam.
However, on both occasions, I refused and said, 'I don't know you well and so it's not that I refuse at all, but I want to know better,' said Kareena.
She said that the loan includes the withdrawal of money from LIC, GIC, NABARD and others and this has amounted to T.11,244.83 crore out of T.11,912.82 crore which is the unclean loan.
“We want to implement all the departments of the Council with computers from the Legislative, Executive and Judicial departments.
It is worth mentioning that the government together with the NHAI authorities have recently decided to hand over the construction of the Jingkieng Dwar Ksuid to the military authorities. , which has cost up to T.300 crore and will be completed in the near future.
They also cleaned up the grounds of Govt LP School Wahkhen in the middle of the village.
The incident happened between 10-10:30 pm and the robbery happened at the Boys Hostel
The gold medal has helped the team to stay in the race for the NEOG 2022 title, as Manipur beat Assam by 78 points. and has now reached 79 gold medals.
The income of the household should not exceed T.Rs.8.0 Lakh per annum and the application should be approved by the relevant authorities.
Does the Govt really care and protect other ethnic groups or leaders? Neither for the rich nor for the poor.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : Although the counting of votes in the state has gone smoothly without any tragic incidents, the turnout of voters is much lower than in the MLA election
It is not yet known when the meeting of Congress MLAs and their leaders in Delhi will be held.
“When asked by Rangsakona MLA Zenith Sangma when the doctoral college will start, the Minister said that there are many problems and therefore he cannot give the exact information.
Was it because he used a petrol bomb to set fire to those two vehicles, as the police suspect? Is it the group of that paid that takes the law itself instead of allowing the police to investigate independently as usual? The question arises whether it is or is it the same person who tries to steal the weapons of the CRPF personnel, who is on his/her way to his/her CRPF camp, after do you/have you finished your room? The question is also who is the one who dares to threaten the Chief of Police or the Police Officer, even inside the Police Station.
The incident occurred at 12 noon on the 21st of this month.
However, when the disease has subsided, it is hoped that the tourism industry will recover and become a great blessing to the state.
This incident has caused political turmoil.
Of course, because they are old, they need maintenance, to be improved to continue their life," he said.
JOWAI: Police have arrested Everist Dkhar (26) of Thadmuthlong A village on charges of extorting money from a resident of Thadmuthlong A. ha Phramer Praffic Cell, Phramer.
We don't have adequate roads, airports, railways, schools, health facilities that can make us less dependent on others.
The President of AJTCVA, Paila Kordor Lyngkot, said that the strike will start from 12 noon on the 9th and there will be no tourist vehicles to operate.
Ex-Rev.K.LangrinIf we read the verses in the Gospel according to Luke 19:1 and so on, we will see that the writer wrote a true event when Jesus was on earth.
He has an understanding that is closer to that of other children of his age.
Those who attended the meeting included the Officer on Special Duty of the Union Minister, DK Singh, Addl.Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah SS Syiemlieh, MCS, Block Development Officers. Wapung and Saipung C&RD Block, Dr RPyrtuh and Dr T Shylla and other government officials of the district.
Who will think of them? Income is another reason why people flee their villages, especially the poor who do not have land, flee from one village to another, from one country to another. They seek wages just to survive and often they fall into the trap of illegal traffickers who sell day labourers.
The registration fee for a team of less than 15 players is 100 tyngka per player.
So we are optimistic that the upcoming event will be a success," he said.
After this seat became vacant, it was necessary to fill the vacancy in the place of this elderly man who has served this constituency for many years in the past.
If the BJP gives a written statement or a speech from the party, what they want us to do will be different but what its members say is like private individuals and I don't want Nongpoh: Police have demanded that the BJP has recently demanded that Conrad should resign and hand over the investigation into the corruption allegations to the CBI. Byrnihat Police Outpost, today recovered the body of a man, who was lying dead inside his chair at his office at the Ozygen Plant in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District. .
Atiar Syiemlieh and Alan West Kharkongor have been elected as the SDDF coaches. The Sports Department of NEHU has arranged to hold the Inter College Badminton Men & Women Tournament. and Table Tennis (Men & Women) Tournament from 18th to 20th of this month.
If the UCC is accepted, the District Councils will no longer be needed and should be abolished.
Earlier, NEC Secretary Ram Muivah said that the NEC has allocated T.4.98 crore for the construction of four treatment facilities at the Civil Hospital, Shillong. Endoscopic Unit, Major Operation Theater Unit and to build a 10 bed Emergency and Casualty Ward, three of which have already been completed.
Police said that the suspects were in possession of Eskuf drugs worth T.35 lakh.
He said that recently one of the FKJGP groups held a rally in Shillong on the issue of unemployment among the youth in the state and sadly the videos of being bombed with siej have spread rapidly. The government has decided to shut down the Internet and it is difficult to say that the state government is fighting against Assam. Internet.
Waheh Shnong Mondew Pohtam expressed his satisfaction with the unity of the village to work together from children, youth and adults to make the village one of the world tourist destinations.
Mawthadraishan MLA Shakliar Warjri will be appointed as the Minister in charge of the Sports Department of the State Government.
The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (JHADC) on Tuesday submitted a letter to the Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to express its strong opposition to the railway line. East Jaintia Hills District and to demand from the District Council not to issue a No Objection Certificate on the State Government's plan to build a railway line in the district.
“When we talk about the Land Act these days, there is a lot of confusion and struggle because it affects and restricts other ethnic groups and if we have been able to pass the Land Act, there is no problem for us to implement it. “ILP is not in our hands,” said the MLA. However, he confirmed that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has not been silent but will continue to fight and take care of the ILP. the implementation of the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
On such a day, a sacrifice of goats is also performed to pray to Allah through Jibreel.
Today, it is almost impossible to find 80-year-olds in good health.
The first of these six sons married one of the Rumnong clan, the second the Langstieh clan, the third the Ryntathiang clan, the fourth the Ryntathiang clan. the Naga, the English and the Negro.
The fact that he was elected unanimously shows the acceptance of all the family members for Timothy.
A person who lives alone as a poor man or a wanderer is not selfish and does not benefit society.
On the allegation that Macdalyne S Mawlong is a foreigner in Bhoi District, Lapang said, “In the stories of Ri Bhoi District, a foreigner has won. NPP is wrong".
Dr. Don has criticized Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning, who won from the UDP but has defected to the Congress. “When Dr. Bom was an MDC of the UDP, he was allowed to become CEM and in fact he should have been Bah Teinwell Dkhar,” he said. MDC Shella “We have appointed Bah Tein, we have allowed Dr. Bom with the hope that his CEMship will help us to win the mid-term elections in Umroi but we have failed,” he said. Dr. Don.
It was found that the drugs dumped in the area were expired until
Members of the IS militant group were said to have waited to attack the bus carrying Syrian security forces while inside the Deir Ezzor area on Friday.
In these days, the Upper Shillong area, especially in the evening, has been facing traffic jams which have caused inconvenience to the passengers.
She said that the Block Congress has not received any letter from him who has left the party and is now in darkness.
Cherish also denied that it was true as it had appeared earlier in the media, that he had spoken over the phone with Congress MLA Roshan Warjri who was also the Minister of Home Affairs at the time.
Therefore, the presence of this JSM office in this area will be a source of hope for the people who are facing many problems in all aspects.
Regarding the order of the Meghalaya High Court to send CISF patrols to curb the smuggling? “Let me clarify that if we turn to the work of the Police Department, we have been able to prevent the theft of coal in the State.
“The speech will also mention the border dispute with Assam and will also mention the steps taken to resolve the dispute in seven places, where the resolution will be impartial, peaceful. and for the benefit of the residents of both the states,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“Once again, I would like to emphasize that the incident that happened on 27th June at the old campus of NIFT where I allegedly went with some men and stole the belongings and chairs from the classroom. “It is fabricated, deceitful and done with a clear intention to defame me,” he said.
Jowai, July 2: Police of Jowai Police Station, through their patrol team, have arrested a SBBL road, which was just built, at 11.30 pm this morning.
Lapang said the BJP has planned to bring insult and discrimination in the country and the country should learn from this action of the BJP. The people of this area to express their grief over the BJP's insults against the people of this area.
He said that Bah Syiemlieh will be guarded by the police from Baghmara to Shillong.
He said that as it has been in the past years, many of the development projects which have been allocated to the rural areas, have been decided from the air conditioned rooms at the Secretariat. but without knowing the facts, which the people in the rural areas of the state need.
He concluded by saying that the remaining 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal should be handed over to Coal India Limited and transported to Guwahati by government vehicles. Coal India Ltd. auction was held in Guwahati.
The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge.
On the other hand, Dr Nonglait said that the importance of the Khasi language is clear, all Khasi and others love the Khasi language.
Out of this, T.190.46 crore has been allocated for Meghalaya and T.84.92 crore.
Shillong: U Ma Kyrmen Shylla, MLA from the United Democratic Party, who is also the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, on Tuesday said that any minister who does not look after the government department properly. the state can also remove them.
“It is unfortunate that Mukul Sangma is trying to destroy his own prayer, while only the funds allocated by the central government to the ANVC and ANVC(B) are being misused to give to those who. “These parties have not received anything after many years until the term of office of the CM has come to an end,” said the statement.
It is true that all the nations in the world have their own traditional culture, but with the passage of time the culture changes from time to time and this can be achieved by conflict. in the rule of law or the need for change from peace and the demands of the times.
Ex 9:9.
Jlan Kupar Rymbai, Waheh Shnong Loompariat as President, Embhahlang Lyngdoh, WS Caroline Colony as Vice President, Riquoma RQ Laloo, WS Panaliar as General Secretary and Charemi as General Secretary. Laloo, WS Dongmihsngi as Assistant General Secretary, Dame Hiwot Pde, WS Chilliangraij as Treasurer, Anderson Manner, GS Loompariat as Auditorial Board Member, Ram Sumer, EM Panaliar as Auditorial Board Member and Homelin M.Bareh, GS Chutwakhu as Member of the Auditorial Board.
“We understand that we will win, in the past years we used to sing the song 'shi same shi same', now we sing again 'I'll win,' he said.
There are 570 recoveries.
In the toss, Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first, and managed to serve 236/9 in 50 overs.
The statement also said that drivers and passengers should provide their names and phone numbers and those of their owners at all gates of the state and should wear masks and do not use hand sanitizers.
Shillong, November 2: The Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima, Bah Macmillian Byrsat, on Tuesday said that according to the statistics of India, if we count the population of the Khasi people, there are still more wild elephants.
The turnout in the four constituencies of Ri-Bhoi including Jirang was 57.04%, Mawhati 69.80%, Nongpoh 65.66%, Umroi 74.18% and Umsning 76.54%.
Thousands of Muslims have gathered in Shillong today to celebrate Eid AL Adha.
Before the public meeting, it was reported that seven staff members in front of her to organize the meeting had tested positive for the coronavirus; Trump, however, did not hesitate and decided to attend the meeting in Tulsa himself, but was surprised to learn that there were only 25 people waiting for him at the meeting. He expected about 40,000 people to attend and later there were more, which is estimated to be about 6,2
“This government has tried to intimidate the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, but the ASHA workers of Meghalaya are brave and if anyone dares to dismiss the ASHAs during the Meghalaya strike, ASHA Workers Union will not rest.
And immediately the fig tree withered away!” Matthew 21:18-2
Shillong: U Wankupar Marwein, 42, a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today surrendered his sword before the Director General of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). Chandranathan Police Station in Shillong.
However, it is the request of all the office bearers and supporters that he should fight again, because the people and the constituency still need him.
Finally, I would like to remind you of the symbols from the book “Ki Syrwet Umjer” on the subject – 'Ka Maia – U blei' in the Khasi language, at the foot of this hill.
Commenting on the claims of Amit Shah and Narendra Modi that it was the AIUDF that brought in the Khar Poi, Ajmal asked, “In the past six years, how many people have been evicted? that khar poi ei? Modi and Shah used to tell the voters to elect them to drive away the Bangladeshis.
Speaking as the chief guest, RA Sangma expressed his congratulations and blessings to the students of Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir who have reached the goal of victory in this examination. They have brought pride not only to them, but also to their parents, family members and especially the whole school through the teachers who have given them many lessons.
Isn't this the right thing to do? Is God also corrupt enough to accept gifts made with corrupt money? I believe that the true God does not accept such donations, because they are donated with corrupt money, by lying that You Christian government servants, every day you corrupt three hours (time is money).
Former manager Hiddink also led the team to the semifinals of the 2002 World Cup.
On the proposal to amend the 6th Schedule, the CEM said that a meeting of all the MDCs from the opposition and the ruling party should be held to discuss before sending the bill to the Council. .
Monkiru Chyrmang was arrested by members of the Village Defense Party (VDP) Mookhep and members of the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) on Tuesday evening. and he was found in the midst of the city.
“Therefore, when it was necessary to open his mouth to speak in the Assembly, he spoke without finding anything, which led to the disgrace, not only of himself, but of the family and the nation as a whole.
“I didn't hesitate to come if you weren't there, but Bahnah wanted to meet you too much. He said that if you weren't there, we would sit with your father or mother...” She laughed immediately.
Orendro, church leaders including Tymmen Basan, pastors and others.
He also suggested that as farmers after receiving the PGS certificate and stickers, they can sell their produce to home delivery, to various offices and so on.
The HNLC said that the preparation of the Mining Act is only in name, but no action has been taken by the state government, but the government is only trying to collect revenue. , from these mineral resources, which have produced billions of rupees, have been seized by many politicians and government officials.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Bah Lobestar Kharbudnah (45) was seriously injured when a STPS bus ML-01-6823, driven by Bah Sparlang Nongsiej, collided with another vehicle. The incident occurred at Camel Back Road at 2.30 pm today.
The allocation is in accordance with an agreement reached at the International Monetary Fund (IMF) meeting in October.
Before children read to learn more about the meaning and purpose of the poet in the Dieng Bilat, they should first understand the background why Soso Tham wrote this tree.
This article is about the Reservation Policy and the Roster System.
“This work that we are doing is related to tourism, agriculture, and job creation.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Sylliang said that he is preparing to contest as an independent candidate or he can apply for a ticket from the NPP, the ruling party in the KHADC and the state government.
Alfred Adler confirms this: “It proves that people cannot grow up without strengthening their personal relationship with society.
This cannot be accepted as complete,” said Dr. Fenela.
He said that the union has found many trees that have been cut down as well as small trees and in fact the Forest Department should understand the value of the environment.
In the midst of many difficulties faced by the leaders of the country to achieve the desire of many churches for independence, the unity and desire of the people of the country has finally led the French Government to surrender in a voice that many churches to leave India and hand over the Khadar rule to the indigenous people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh said the UDP does not refuse to accept to lead the Executive Committee (EC) in KHADC if there is a way, but not to fight for power.
Thad Football Club won the title of the Umsning Sports & Cultural Club (USCC) after beating Warrior Umran Diary 1-0 in the final.
The Congress party in Tripura has been hit hard by its Working President and former Minister Billal Mia, who resigned from the party on Tuesday. the BJP on Friday.
Let the people judge for themselves whether we have done right or wrong because nothing has been done for 50 years and what we are doing now is an attempt,” he said.
The MD of the hospital said that the suspension of births will continue from today until another public announcement is made. restart the breeding process.
The handshake between the various parties since then and especially in the upcoming elections has been very strong and exciting.
In Meghalaya, there are five MLAs and MDCs including Sanbor Shullai of the NCP, Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP, Brolding Nongsiej of the UDP, KP Pangniang of the HSPDP; Ardent Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP, HDR Lyngdoh of the Congress, Pynshngain N Syiem of the Congress and Stephan Mukhim.
He also urged that wherever we are, we should remember our own language. He said that if “the language lives, the nation lives”.
I feel that this issue I have raised is necessary for the Government to reconsider its decision,” he said.
“I promise you that the Trinamool will fight to the last blood and will not surrender to the people in power in Delhi.
Darwin Diengdoh Pugh, Brington Buhai Lyngdoh, Donwa Detwelson Lapang, JDringwell Rymbai, Evansius Kek Mawlong and Dr Donkupar Roy could not complete their rounds due to the Indian tham.
Umphrup Sports Club A beat Thynroit Sports Club A 2-0 in the opening match of the tournament.
Others who accompanied him included Bah S Lyngwa, Assistant Publicity Secretary HSPDP Shillong City and President HSPDP Shillong North.
Especially since the head of the woman is no longer able to spend time in reading if she speaks according to the card because she has begun to grow old.
The rally was organized by the West Jaintia Hills District ASHA Association (WSAA) and started from Tympang Club Square, passed through Iawmusiang, Loomsoiung Newhill and ended at Ladthadlaboh Square, Jowai.
From here you can see the beautiful plains of Sylhet District (Bangladesh), the distant hills of Jaintia Hills to the east, and the surrounding forest areas. jyrngam also saw the horizon, the sky above the distant mountains.
Edmund Dhar took 3 wickets for 13 runs in 4 overs and Peter Lyngkhoi took 2 wickets for 18 runs in 4 overs.
Lissy – 9495634050, Dr.Sr.
The guards also opened fire, but no one was injured.
In Khasi and Jaintia Hills districts, the curfew has been imposed due to the curfew called by the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) demanding Garo state.
About 900 athletes from all over the country took part in the tournament.
Sometimes there are doubts even about the extent to which the CBI investigation will be able to bring the truth,” he said.
“I request you to use the money given by the government properly for the benefit of your family,” he said.
So when we pray, God wants to first cleanse our hearts and delete all evil.
This is also the duty of the people of the country where we are the true rulers.
The production house is owned by Suchiang Arts Entertainment Company.
He said that the department has already received the fund and it has been used for the implementation of 99 projects out of 139 projects approved in 2020-21 and 100 percent. The UC has been sent to the Ministry in April this year.
In Mawkyrwat, Rangdajied's victory has shocked Shillong Lajong after their promotion to the I-League.
However, this seems to be a rocky outcome because of the many selfishness and selfishness.
The shops have also been called for tender, saying that the land has not been allocated by the PWD, not only for the relatives of government officials.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday denied that there is any pressure on the party to give ticket to the MLA. Former Mawhati MP Dasakhiatbha Lamare has been elected from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
:The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved the establishment of the Khasi Traditional Medicine Commission.
“The last Meghalaya Games was held in 2004 and this has happened again after more than 10 years,” said John. she doesn't play.
Kohli said the people of Meghalaya especially in Garo Hills have given a strong message that they have rejected the Congress and its working methods.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The FKJGP Seng Kmie led by the Chief Organizer – Bah Marbud Dkhar in the presence of Bah Marbud Dkhar.
When it comes to man, his life is not as free as other creatures of God.
On the other hand, Bah Liander Nongshli urged the youth to continue to work hard in their higher education even if they go to continue in any place with dignity and respect to become knowledgeable and knowledgeable youth. God so that they can become bright stars in their lives and reach their goals as they wish.
The price hike of the farmers is not only for sohsaw but for all crops.
The campaign started in March 2020 and will end in October
In the final match of the tournament, Mawlum Tyrsad beat Kyiem Football Club Wah Lyngkien by a tie-breaker. da beat and call.
Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai will hold a Financial Awareness and Consumer Training Program at 4:30 PM on Tuesday (17/08/21).
The meeting was also attended by the Rangbah Shnong, Sordar and other Village Authorities of the area.
Both the teams tried to play hard, but Lumkhangdong scored the first goal through Risid Dkhar in the 9th minute.
Later, four byrni of piat intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh were seized from a nearby forest.
“There are many competitions but every year, we have ensured that the games will improve and we can overcome all the challenges,” he said.
After the Dorbar had approved, Syiem Tirot Singh also gave up.
From what we hear, people are very concerned when someone says, Oh! Suddenly, they found the sniuh in the Bible.
Courtyard by Marriott Shillong, one of the 30 exclusive brands of Marriott Bonvoy, has announced the opening of Courtyard by Marriott Shillong.
Although he did not specify where these people will be relocated, Prestone said that there is a place that the government has prepared.
“We have met with Bah Prestone Tyngsong, who was in charge of the C&RD Block at that time and he promised that they will soon get this new Block,” he said. U Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, we also went to meet him, but he surprised us, after he replied that the government does not have the money to open this new block, which the government has already announced that there will be no Mawlai. C&RD Block, which was announced by Dr. Mukul Sangma in the 2016-17 Budget, 'In the 2016-17 Budget Session, the Chief Minister himself has already announced and said “But Bah Sniawbha says he doesn't have the money, while now he is going to Garo Hills to be with them,” he said. “Where does the money come from now,” said the FKJGP Mawlai Circle leader, who is also the Chief Organizer of FKJGP, Sengkmie.
One of the family members of the poor woman, Matilda Marbaniang, who is the mother of Liza Marry and sister of Rubinica Marbaniang, told reporters that Liza Marry Marbaniang has died. The body of the child was taken to CHC Bhoirymbong on the 14th of July 2022 for treatment.
In reply, Pynshngaiñ said that the House has approved the resolution brought by the Leader of the Opposition and has taken a general resolution that the House as a whole is against the ban on the sale and purchase of The Executive Committee has rejected the recommendation to write to the Central Government.
Also present at the meeting were Kyrpanglin Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary HYC Mawkyrwat Circle, Rishotroy Kharjahrin, Organizing Secretary HYC Mawkyrwat Circle, Pynskhemborlang, Education Secretary HYC Mawkyrwat Circle. , Moonkingstar L.Paliar, Vice President HYC, South West Khasi Hills District, Pynhun Lyngdoh, Assistant General Secretary HYC, South West Khasi Hills District, Arbok Kharjahrin, President HYC, South West Khasi Hills District.
The third and final point I would like to make is the emergence of many civil society organizations.
Many of these arguments are unpleasant and some are rude to listen to.
If I bring something into the market and sell it to you, I have to ensure that there is a safety measure,” she said. engage".
The people don't believe that the country and the nation have suffered so much.
What did the government think about this? The wells of water have become increasingly dry as the years go by due to the negligence of mankind.
The militant army chief, Naw Bu, said the militants shot down the helicopter, which brought down one plane and two others fled the scene. place, when they saw that a plane had been shot down.
The program was conducted by Bah Ransom Sutnga, Asst Rangbah Shnong in the presence of the Secretary Shnong, Treasurer and Rangbah Shnong.
P. Bhattacharya, Deputy General Manager, Power Grid, Shillong also spoke on the occasion.
To ensure perfect safety in Assam and eastern Bengal it will be necessary, I apprehend, for sometime to come, to have a certain number of European Troops on this Frontier, and I think that they cannot  be better placed than in these mountains where climate is so favorable to their health, and where they would be ready for service on the occurrence of any emergency in Assam and Eastern Bengal.
Good sleep:- Lack of sleep often affects the body and mind and this leads to stroke.
The incident happened on Saturday night at a shop owned by Elda Meri Pyrtuh, resident of Tyndonwapung, Jowai.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Paul said that the meeting was very successful and according to the information received from the meeting, the Committee found that there are 52 Khasi and Garo villages in the area and 41 villages want to remain in Meghalaya while 9 villages want to remain in Assam.
Indeed, the children of Israel went through many great trials as a nation but the water did not overwhelm them and the fire did not destroy them.
There is also a delay in the work, especially when there are seriously ill patients who arrive in the evening, because if you go to the homes of people who are staying away it will not be good in the evening.
While in the car, he said that he was told that the people who shot Agnes were the sons of government ministers. “There are those who tell me that those who shot Agnes are the sons of ministers. In Bolero, the man who shot me said that those who shot were the sons of Ministers, I don't know which Ministers they were, I understand from their speech and the shooting was to kill. “It was bombed with stones, wood and knives, there were 30-40 people, even though I was alone I was thinking badly and I don't know what else happened,” he said thinking that Agnes was dead.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has strongly condemned the attack, which killed hundreds of people while waiting for aid near the town of Nabulsi.
After talks with Conrad, the ASHAs decided to suspend their strike and will start working as usual from 1st November.
Jowai, Nailar 09: The Union of Village Authorities of Jowai on Tuesday honored Alexander Lyngdoh, one of the residents of Loomsooyung New Hill, Jowai, who has brought the name of Jaintia Hills in the competitions. different parts of India.
He said that these heroes have been an example to all the youth in the country because through the history or stories about them, they have been a source of inspiration to the youth of the country.
The Commission has set seven dates as India is too large and cannot complete the counting of votes in one day.
With the beginning of the lehniam, the traditional religious leaders of Nartiang village have been busy preparing for this annual lehniam.
When asked whether the Congress will nominate a candidate from this constituency, they said that they don't know yet because even those who want to apply for tickets from the party are no longer there and even if the Congress nominates a candidate. Nongpoh, March 13: As part of the efforts to bring about a clean environment and also to achieve the goal of the Government of India to Students of Ri Bhoi College under the National Service Scheme today cleaned up the garbage in public places in the villages under the Clean India Campaign. south of Nongpoh.
Kumar urged the people to take the opportunity to reach the target of 100 percent enrollment in various schemes and participate in various programs of the central government.
Roads and paths, whether wooden roads or wooden roads.
According to KHNAM, the government has delayed the payment of food fees for the students since 2014-15 and has met with the DPI officials to inquire about the food fees for the students. which was delayed, and also said that it would seek information through RTI to know the reason for the delay.
However, if it is true, these parents urge the DHS to implement this law in the coming years by informing the students in advance so that they can prepare in advance. .
The decision to place these villages in containment zones is to prevent the spread of the disease, while the veterinary department is looking into the detection of these diseases.
I remember when I met some of the leaders who have been involved in the administration of the people, they told me how sad it is when you look around the Khasi Pnar country that people don't think anymore about what is important. They have experienced more than 5 years in the past and think about what they will get if they join that or that party.
and also, especially in case of illness, the poor cannot afford to be treated in adequate hospitals, because of poverty.
“The doctors have called me and said that there are no more diseases and those who are sick have been vaccinated and have recovered,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
He appealed to the Dorbar Shnongs to prevent the residents from causing any disturbance.
Before taking Pator Raymond Nartiang to the other side of the Myntdu River which is the border of the Raij of Kongwasan Chyrmang, Pa Dolloi gave a welcome speech and then the Yutang was followed by the Yutang on behalf of Langdoh Kongwasan and Pator. .
The main principle of the new intelligence agency is not only 'to receive information' but also 'the need to share information', and the 'duty to share information' because if we cannot change the way we work, we cannot win,” said the Minister of Home Affairs.
However, it was said that these items will be sent at this time for sale, not for donations or aid to Ukraine.
Shillong, Jymmang 5 : The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJPA) has expressed its regret over the ongoing clashes between the Meitei and Kuki ethnic groups in Manipur in which about 24 churches have been destroyed. schools and buildings belonging to the Cookies.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: In preparation for the International Day of Yoga (IDY) on 21st July, the office of the Regional Outreach Bureau Shillong together with the Field Outreach Bureau, Nongstoiñ, on Saturday held a program Yoga at JNV Mawphlang.
In fact, women as a nation that gives birth to children should be careful of foreign men who come to marry us, but as it is now, it is not so, our women are like horses that have been trapped. and as a muid shall be cut off the head of these children.
Therefore, there is a need for humility and turning away from all evil ways so that God will hear from heaven when man does not pray, forgive sins and heal the land.2 Chronicles 7:1
We would like to remind everyone across India and in other countries of the world that they are rushing to complete the tikka vaccination campaign. U.A.E vaccination rate is 75% and double vaccination rate is 65%, Malta vaccination rate is 72% and double vaccination rate is 67%, Israel vaccination rate is 63 % and 57% have been vaccinated twice, in the UK 68% have been vaccinated and 50% have been vaccinated twice, in Singapore 68% have been vaccinated and those who have not been vaccinated 38%, in the United States 55% and 47% twice vaccinated, in Italy 57% and 34% twice vaccinated and around the world are accelerating based on the availability and accessibility of the tikka vaccine.
Now, let us turn to the Christians and other believers in Meghalaya. 70 out of 100 in Meghalaya are Christians and 30 out of 100 are other believers from other indigenous religions (Khasi and Jaintia, religion Garo), Hindu, Muslim and others.
“The government's robbery at night was to force the life of Bah Cherister Field Thangkhiew and the way they acted and portrayed him as involved in many crimes. that we cannot explain.
He urged the people of the area not to be deceived in the election of leaders or elect leaders who have no grounds and who go to the Assembly only to sleep, who do not know how to speak on the issue. but they should know how to elect that brave leader who speaks clearly for the problems of the people.
Along with Kohli, Umesh Yadav and Mohammed Siraj were the newcomers to the tournament.
When I entered I never saw anything like it once in my life.
Bucha is said to be one of the most prominent examples of Russia's genocide against Ukrainian citizens.
“Is it possible to go outside the state without life, stay at the borders and in the city without life and why are we like that?” said Donald. .
Jowai: The Mulang Village Authority in East Jaintia Hills has given 15 days to 12 households to collect their ration cards from the Dorbar Shnong office.
The victim is the family of Mansuk Challam who lost her two children in the incident which happened on the 21st of this month.
All the arrested persons have been charged under PS Case No. 6(1) 2020 u/s 8(c)/21(c)/29 NDPS Act.
Choose fruits and vegetables that have to be chewed thoroughly because they do not leave residue in the bones and eat well.
In the past, the demands have been put forward by committee by committee, but it has not reached anything but now that this Government has not been able to do anything and even if we don't know where it will reach, we will follow it. this," he said.
“But so far they say yes,” said the HSPDP leader. So far, the HSPDP has been preparing to nominate candidates in Khasi and Jaintia Hills by confirming Blocks and Circles.
Shillong: The NPP, which is part of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA), will hold a meeting soon after the central government has approved the to the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016.
According to the police, the teacher has confessed that he has committed such crimes in the past years and the police have sent him to the court for trial.
He said the government has been collecting information since 1972, which means it will be backward and there is no doubt about it.
They demanded an inquiry and removal of all Christian idols in various government offices and also to file a complaint against the Jaintia Students Union (JSU), which has created religious differences. They also demanded an investigation into the role of Christian religions in the student union.
In a letter sent to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, SOMLA said that the state government has not implemented the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act
Shillong, July 20 : The women's football teams of Lumparing SC and Mawlai SC have won the No Confidence Motion of the NPP. The Women Football League 2023 is organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has selected 15 players including Sandria G. Momin, Ajima Sangma, Diephibapynshngain L. Mawnai, Neha Hajong (Captain), Dasanbaniew-kor Wahlang, Roshni Kumari, Solina Jaba and Riticia Nongbet. , Daiaka E.Warjri (Vice Captain), Razia Ahmed, Luiza Tamang, Shruti Kumari, Avril K.Syiem, Sildamicresha Marbaniang and Neelam Roy.
He said that the activities in Jammu & Kashmir are part of the development of the country from the presence of some problems caused by the exploiters who do not want people to be able to accumulate wealth and that I can rise.
He said that it is on this basis that the elders and the people of the area have decided to open a secondary school in order to improve the quality of education in the area. although they will face many challenges in their efforts.
SSSS Secretary Wonderson Dkhar said that on 19th November, SSSS received a phone call from Donboklang Thabah from the Planning Department informing him that he had been selected to attend the training session at the DTO office, Shillong. on 19th November, but on 26th November he received another phone call that his name did not appear on the selected list.
The International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF) has allowed two more players for one tournament to participate in the MQS while the tournament is underway. Selections Trials for the purpose of allowing and allowing players to qualify for the MQS. Your rank, your medal is your quota.
The HYC through the Education Cell of South West Khasi Hills District has requested the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District to take action on this issue. include it in the textbooks of schools and colleges within the district and to communicate and remind through teachers in educational institutions.
Loomiongkjam under the leadership of Waheh Shnong Mehiwan Challam as part of the support to the residents of the village has distributed 4000 kilos of rice to all the households.
“Meghalaya and our identity, the people and communities here have held on to this for hundreds of years.
Shillong, November 02: The SPNP, a civil society organization working for the welfare of the people of Nongshken Pyllun, on Thursday held a Sam Khusnam programme. The fourth prize is for those students from Nongshken Pyllun, who have passed the 2016 examination from the SSLC, HSSLC, Graduation and Post Graduate examinations at the Khasi National Assembly Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong.
In the second leg, Iong I Dahi FC won 2-1 goals against Myrjai.
He said the AAP has made good progress in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura, but is still slow in Mizoram, Nagalang and Meghalaya.
A family with elders is a happy home especially when there are pious elders who are full of words of praise and often the words of the elders are blessings.
Sawakahi Syngkon was named Player of the Match for the loss of four wickets.
He also urged the seven MLAs of Jaintia Hills to speak on the Reservation Policy and to demand that the government should look into it. This policy has affected the youth of Khasi Jaintia.
Apart from Shillong Lajong, who are the last team with two games left, no other team besides Mawlai have won all their matches this MSL 2023 season and are aiming to continue to play well in the MSL 2023 season. remaining challenges.
Therefore, the government is working hard to create or establish new blocks in all parts of the state according to the need.
Pooja said that a man named Chandan Gard, who claimed to be a pastor from Guwahati, had given her the appointment letter, where the salary was Rs. T.35,000 per month and accommodation at the school.
When this happens, the farmers find it difficult to plant this cleanliness in the fields.
It was also witnessed that the village of Nongmynsong has been flooded along the highway, roads and even in the houses and it was seen through the video that the youths of Nongmynsong village have built boats. It was also seen that a Scorpio car had stopped in the middle of the road due to the flooding.
Such incidents often happen on the road from Shallang to Nongchram-Rongjeng, the road to Hahim and the road to Borsora.
The deceased was identified as a security guard at the Mahindra Showroom at 13mer.
They also searched the house he had just registered with the petrol pump, which was owned by Mena and found documents showing that he owned 23 plots in his name, 42 plots in his name. in the name of his wife, 23 in the name of his son, 22 shops in the name of his father, many properties in New Delhi, Mumbai and 15 bank accounts among others. The value of the arrested person has now reached more than Rs 100 crore, said ACB officials in Rajasthan.
When I say follow, you shouldn't follow them wherever they go, but follow them night and morning, the way they talk, the way they live, how they go and also to look at them in their sleep and thoughts. of you is your son.
After being taken to the court, the court has given two days to the police for further investigation.31 Jymmang:Seven women and one man have been arrested by the Police have arrested former KHADC CEM Adelbert Nongrum at the Kiang Nangbah Monastery near the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The public is urged to check and secure items that can be covered by the wind such as wooden logs, tins of oil, tins of nut, sign boards and others. goods that can be swept away in stormy weather.
He expressed his surprise to learn that until today the Dorbar Khasi States have not appeared clearly in the Constitution of India.
Jaiswal was arrested on Tuesday and when questioned, he said that he used the money to buy empty tickets.
“I urge all the teachers to go back to their schools and think about the students, because there is no way to solve these problems by sitting on the street,” he added. .
On the people who should be in the Expert Committee, Bah Jemino said that those experts may be well versed in the Constitution and others who are well versed in the allocation system.
The JSU has arrested Ayush Kumar for using a forged PRC from DC East Jaintia Hills in 2021 by applying for a Temporary Residential Certificate from Thangskai. In the same year, he applied for the state quota for MBBS 2023-24 and received it.
The program was conducted by the President of the Sport Club, Bah AI Khongshei.
Shah reportedly made a mistake when he got off the helicopter and fell to the ground.
This was announced by the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhan, Bah Nicholas Kharkongor at the opening ceremony of the village hall in the presence of former MLA and Advisor to the Chief Minister, Bah Hamlet Dohling. The BDO of Mylliem Block, S Verma.
At the same time, the union said that if these companies are allowed to quarry stone in these areas, it will inevitably affect the Lukha River and will kill the dohum in the rivers. heavy landslides to parts of the River.
This meeting also helped the various groups to analyze and analyze the challenges facing the delivery of the vaccine.
To prove that the Lord Jesus came to earth to die on the Cross and God had revealed to John that Jesus was the Lamb of God.
Now the state will go to the elections in June, I don't know whether this government will be able to accomplish this task but let's hope that if this MDA government doesn't succeed, the new government will. The Government of Meghalaya, which will take over in 2023, should follow up on these projects so that these outstanding projects can be completed and resolved and reach the goal.
The provision in Section-7 of the Aadhaar Act to assist people to obtain an Aadhaar Number so that they can access assistance, benefits and services.
“The establishment of the DMR office is a benefit to the government as they can no longer leave without paying challan,” said Bah K Skan Rani, President of HNYF-WR.
Assam Rifle P.School started the scoring after 11 minutes through Medonbanshan Kurkalang who gave the team the lead by 10 goals in the first half.
Speaking to reporters, Chairman of the JAC, Bah Kyllang Thongni, said that among the tasks that Bah Pynshngaiñ has made in his election promises, there is not a single one that he has been able to fulfill.
Every day Ruth gleaned in the fields of Boaz to cook and eat to escape the famine.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident and sent the body to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Therefore, the union urges the DC Ri-Bhoi, to take immediate action on this issue and at the same time, the union urges the shopkeepers to think about the price of food items. They would like to cooperate at this time not only for personal gain, but also to think about the needs of the people at this time when many people are in need especially in terms of money. you money.
The villages where these organizations have been established include (1) Mawbyrne (2) Wahkdait (3) Pynter (4) Mawriang (5) Mawkajem (6) Mawlyndun (7) Sohlong (8) Pyrnai (9) Mawryngkang (10) Nongsder .
There are 8,62,320 confirmed cases in India and 31,80,866 recoveries, the Ministry of Health said.
Bernard was arrested by Uttar Pradesh Police after West Garo Hills Police raided a farmhouse at his farmhouse. Three children were also arrested and illegal drugs were seized.
Other parties like the PDF, Independent and HSPDP are too weak to form a coalition government in JHADC.
NEDFi won the award for its Advancing North East Portal.
Solicitor General Tushar Mehta said that the Government has taken special measures to curb these incidents in Manipur.
He said the state government should also fill more than 8,000 vacancies in various government departments soon.
pt now the government has authorized the companies, this is a threat to us. Shut down immediately these factories of the foreigners and so you will be happy forever, because if this happens you will not have peace.
We therefore urge the government not to issue NOC for this road as it will lead to the mining of uranium,” said the statement.
Pastor SD Lanong said that the temperature on Saturday reached 32 degrees and on Sunday it reached 24 degrees.
The system has included checks and features so that only authorized persons can register the loss of mobile phones and not others, said Sr DDG. Ravi Goel Sr DDG NE Shillong said that the use of this mobile phone has been blocked if anyone tries to use it.
) Thadmuthlong C Phramer on 29th November last year held its first Annual General Meeting at Madam Football Hall.
Also present on the occasion were the Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, the President of the Seiñraij Jowai Hercules Toi, the Waheh Shnong of Iongpiah RL Bimee Suwer, the elders of the village and the people who came to see the event. This movie is in Jowai.
For example, the cost of only 300T (Three slap) tyngka, the brokers say that you have to pay up to 2,500T (Two thousand five hundred) tyngka and so on.
If 10 posts are left, it means that those with disabilities will not get them, but if 15 posts are left, it means that all 15 posts will be available for people with disabilities.
The author urges all the future generations not to forget at all that great foundation or religion which has survived from ancient times until the present and future generations. and shall dwell in all the earth.
Himalaya Shangpliang, BJP leader and former Mawsynram MLA, has been appointed by the Governor on July 2, 2023 as the Advisor to the Education Department.
The HNYF leader said that the HNYF stands on the basis of protecting the border of Hynniewtrep, because as the insurgency in the state has increased day by day, the HNYF stands on the basis of He said that the state has been bordered not only by Assam, but there are areas within the Hynniewtrep Hills which have been bordered by Bangladesh.
The cave was opened to the public in 2018 after mapping by Brian D. Kharpran Daly and other cave experts from the Meghalaya Adventurers' Association (MAA).
Seven-Stone 19.
Alireza Vahabzadeh, a spokesman for the minister, said Iraj Harirchi was screaming loudly while speaking to reporters yesterday.
This happened because everyone had flocked to the city.
At the same time, the leader, Ms J.Siangshai, also praised the senior leader of the NPP, who is also the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, for understanding the issues and understanding. Bajop Pyngrop, Youth President of the NPP, who is one of the leaders or pioneers especially for women.
As a result, more than 3% of the milk produced is raw.
The team played well in the Hero Super Cup, but failed to reach the quarter finals.
He said this because in the past before the KSU, our jaidbynriew has faced many problems from the violence, the beatings by the high paid people because they are the owners of the land. These are the reasons why they are in the middle of a conflict and there are no one to fight against the authorities.
Shillong, Nailar 23: U Baichung Marak, Area Commander of the GNLA, was killed in a shootout between GNLA troops and police at Sasatgre village at 6:30 pm today. An AK 47 rifle was also recovered from his body.
Police have recovered 0.78 gm of heroin worth T.2700 thousand from them.
According to her, it is understood that the reason why these Bangladeshi thieves were encouraged to enter India illegally, in order to commit theft and other crimes, is because of the lack of The Border Security Force (BSF) has taken action to fight and take all necessary measures to intimidate these thieves.
The Court also said that it did not see any weighbridges between Shillong and Umiam or between Umiam and Khanapara to measure the weight of goods carried by trucks. The fact that most of the trucks are 16 wheelers or more and they are also able to carry goods beyond the limit set by the State Government.
The need at this time is to prove that we are one country. There are those who say that after 1947 we became a country, there are those who say that before 1947 there were saints and religious people who wanted to create one country.
Like a mother who has given birth to her child, how painful it is.
Of the 22,000 genes they examined—almost all the genes that humans have—they showed clear signs that the differences and strengths of genes in the body were based on change of season.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah was accompanied by the Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat, Chairman of JHADC, Dr. Sankey Shangpung, MDCs of JHADC in the presence of office bearers of JHADC. WJDSA) including EMH Passah, General Secretary Lammat-o Laloo, Vice President Patrick Lamare, Waheh Shnongs, NPP leaders from the district and others.
This is the bridge used by the residents of the village to walk during the farming season.
For a while there was a dispute but later the HYC members said that they will proceed according to the permission they have received from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
Shillong: Police in East Khasi Hills have lodged a complaint against a man who posted a video on YouTube giving false information about the vaccine against Covid-1
They said that among those who came to see, there were also those who saw in their own miraculous visions, which others could not see as they did; for it is not known unto them.
A magistrate's inquiry has been appointed into the fire but the district authorities of East Khasi Hills district do not know what has been done regarding the fire. good in a fire and is no safety.
Therefore, the Council, instead of confirming what has been followed until today (which is no longer the original), should have passed a new law to bring about equality throughout the Jaitbynriew; for it is not the same from Kupli to Rongdi, Bhoi, Maram, Lyngngam, War, Kynriam, etc.
When police arrived at the scene, they found that there was a body and during the investigation, they found that the man was identified as Gojin Sangma, 35 years old. who is from Hatimara, Killing.
Speaking on the occasion, u Thombor Shiwat congratulated all those involved in the completion of the building as it is so far. the outstanding salary of the Council employees within this year.
Customers should also lodge a complaint with the Consumer Commission.
Negi scored 40 off 27 balls with 3 4s and 2 sixes.
Similarly, the Pynursla Area has not been able to prove that they are indeed 'intelligent and intelligent war people'
He said that it was through the efforts of the district administration and the police under his leadership as Additional Deputy Commissioner that he was allowed to be buried in the cemetery. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has urged them not to ban the burial of anyone who has died and for this purpose they should go to the court to decide who is entitled to own the land. he added.
Israel has launched a heavy attack on Hamas militants' bases in Gaza and has now fallen into the outskirts of Gaza after surrounding the city. north.
More than 18 sq km will go to Meghalaya and 18 sq km will go to Assam.
The Meteorological Department has forecast heavy rainfall in parts of the state tomorrow.
Woh Kiang Nangbah was not afraid and trembled in front of the chiefs when the moment of his execution drew near.
The CEM of North Cachar ADC said that FOCUS will demand from the central government to resume the suspended schemes such as the Hill Area Development Project and the BRGF scheme.
Ltd for the generation of electricity from Kynshi-II with a capacity of 325 megawatts.
Nongpoh, July 30: “No Dorbar Shnong can issue permit or NOC to any person who wishes to set up any factory without permission from the KHADC,” said Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, EM of KHADC. KHADC in charge of Market, Land, Mines and Minerals, today conducted an inspection visit to the quarrying sites in Killing area, Ri Bhoi District.
“If we all work together, change will come right here and we don't have to go anywhere else to earn a living”.
Speaking to media, the President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle Rymbai said that the announcement of the MSSASA to hold this strike is in protest against the silence of the State Government on the The union demanded the recruitment of 12,451 SSA teachers as Government school teachers.
The 14th Niamtre Dorbar at Nartiang was held in peace.
If there are any unauthorized structures, the authorities should take immediate action to demolish them".
She has also been a resource person for the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and DERT in relation to training in the fields of music, singing, drama, and the other side of the put is the original.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08 : The Dorbar Shnong Mawklot on Tuesday honored many athletes from the village who have represented the state in various sports.
?Please share this message to save those who have not received Jesus, please visit your loved ones who have already received it,,,,, Ari yoma killers, suicides, drug addicts, drug addicts and all kinds of people who are involved in this especially your brothers and sisters, it's not the best thing to do,,, thank you very much If you don't have tipmit blai, you can paint the kiwi fruit and earn the right to tipbru tipblai.
He said that at present, the project has been implemented only in Shillong and later it could be expanded to other parts of the state.
“His body is still clean and therefore the owners of the house have decided to bury him in this condition,” he said.
Bah Sandondor was the HSPDP candidate from Sohiong constituency in the last MLA election, but it is understood that he may leave the party to join the VPP. Bah Sandondor together with the office bearers of the HSPDP attended the meeting of the VPP where Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit gave an explanation with the office bearers of the party and more than 1000 people attended the meeting.
Once, God appeared only to Moses because Moses pleaded with God, “Show me thy glory” Exodus 33:1
Where did you get these 1290 days? It is because God has spoken. 1260 days is 3 years and a half.
He is also one of the few footballers to have made more than 1,000 appearances in professional matches and scored more than 700 goals for club and country. In 2015, Ronaldo won the best player award. Portugal, which was established by the Portuguese Football Federation, on its 100th anniversary.
In this regard, the Kremlin has expressed its displeasure and unacceptability of the award received by the film.
The BJP has affected thousands of voters in the state.
On the incident of rape of two women in Kangpokpi district of Manipur; One of the victims was the wife of a soldier who fought in Kargil and fought in the rank of Subedar of the Assam Regiment.
If the school does not open on the 15th April 2020 as notified by the Government, then the Half Yearly Examination/2nd Term/Unit Tests/Semester.
At the same time, he acknowledged that the situation in the state is stable and there is no disturbance in the peace and order.
This man sounds like he’s just contradicting himself.
He said that during the visit of the Chief Minister of Assam and the CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council to Shillong recently, they discussed this issue to be brought up again at the border talks to be held in March. Take a decision on how to proceed, and after that you will go and meet with the people in the border area.
On the first day of her visit, the President inaugurated the 5th Meghalaya Games in Tura and on the 16th, she addressed the members of the Self Help Groups (SHGs) in Baljek. Airport, Tura and laid the foundation stone of the new Integrated Administrative Complex.
It was also warned that posters should not be placed on the streets.
Another issue that has angered the residents is that the residents of the villages, who are inside the border, have been harassed by signing letters to the residents and harassing them. However, especially the Sordar Dewlieh Mawrisnai, he gave land, even to the villages of others.
You teach people to know Blai, Your path is happy on earth.
The lecture will be conducted by Dr. HH Mohrmen, Jiwat Vaswani, Mr. Carmo Noronha and Dr. Reema V Diengdoh.
Throughout the day, there was also a special honor and remembrance for Kong Magareth Pathaw, a longkmie from Ri Bhoi who won a gold medal at the World Arm Wrestling Championship held recently in Turkey. .
It is to be recalled that during the Puja which lasted for about a day, there was a heavy patrol by the police to ensure that there would be no disturbance which could disturb the people.
It also explained that the Reservation of Posts for Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes will be in accordance with the Reservation Policy issued on 12th July
KSU East Jaintia Hills District Sports Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem and Publicity Secretary Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem in a statement said that the trial was called because the Ryntih Football Club invites all those who participate. The football players who are selected for the final trial will have the opportunity to train at the Football Training Center of Minerva Academy, one of the leading academies. ha in India.
Not only that, on the same day, there will also be the opening ceremony of the Annual School Sports 2024 at the Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Shell 145 and Roof 34.6 mm.
Through a statement, the Meghalaya government has provided phone numbers so that the victims can call for assistance.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today held a meeting in the presence of James K Sangma, Minister of Power, to discuss the sudden outage of MeECL. In the conversation; Power Minister James K Sangma said the fire broke out due to a mistake in the payment of money or letter of credit to the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC).
Shillong: Langsning will face Mohammedan Sporting FC of the Second Division tomorrow at 4:00 pm.
Shri Lasting Nutmeg, Head of Umkiang Village.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 14 cases including 1 health worker, 7 high risk contacts, 4 screening cases and 2 returnees.
The NPP leader said that the NDA allies in the North East have worked together to ensure that the NDA will win the elections in the country. The NDA and its allies have also nominated their candidates in different states.
Nongpoh, October 01: Up to 25 villages in Umling C&RD Block, Ri Bhoi District, today received the Open Defecation Free Certificate of the Swachh Bharat Mission. This award was given only to those villages which have escaped from the open defecation and which have their own toilets in every household.
Through the tournament, the funds raised by the KJP Western Synod Women's Church will be used for the counseling center in Shillong, the school in Umsaitjaiñ and the mission work in Assam.
“We are conducting an investigation into the incident and we have received several witnesses.
Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes, in his welcoming remarks, said that the state government has achieved success in bringing about development in the state.
It’s a determination that resonates with pride and inspires today’s developers to become tomorrow’s stars.
It is not necessary to announce to the world that the border has been resolved if there is no hard work to resolve it properly.
He also gave examples of projects like cable car, glass bridge at Mawkdok which require consultants besides environmental works and the supply of materials to be used in the projects.
The cause of the accident was that the driver of the truck was driving too fast and could not control the wheel, which caused the accident. The truck hit the house.
Therefore, he said it is necessary to ensure that it is not just to mislead the people but the elections are approaching.
Regarding this incident, Bah KW Khymdeit Rangbah Shnong of Sohnidan, said that so far in Sohnidan alone, there are about 84 households who have been affected by this earthquake. He said that this is an estimate because it may be more or less as the total number of those affected by the earthquake has not yet been counted.
The four other colleges include Capt Williamson Memorial College, Baghmara, Williamnagar College, Tura and DIET in Tura.
“Kano cano doesn't have tea.
The truck collided with the auto and the two people inside the auto died on the spot.
If there is an attempt to erect signs on the Indian border with Myanmar, it is unacceptable to the Mizo people.
The race was held as part of the celebration of the 77th Independence Day of India.
For more information, please call: 9366853963 (General Secretary).
Speaking to media, Singh said, “The government has not yet given any information on our land. They gave us the blueprint of the land in two months, but they have not yet given us anything.
"It's not that either," explained Men Kmie.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on 21st November, distributed piglets and chickens to the farmers of the area through the Rural Backyard Piggery & Poultry Scheme. The National Livestock Mission (NLM) at a meeting held by the Shillong Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department of the State Government at Mawsawa village.
In this regard, the Minister said that they have already spoken to the Ministry and the reason given is that it is due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Shillong, Nailur 13 : There are 1,301 jobs vacant. “There are vacancies in the Meghalaya Public Service Commission,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the House.
Taking part in the meeting, Mukul Sangma said that this is a serious corruption in the state electricity department and demanded that the investigation should be handed over to an independent committee to find out the facts. in order to know those who have hands.
Not only that, the candidates were also in a hurry to read and count carefully from which constituency (Kyntoit) and from which party or to contest as independents.
“Not only that the casinos are against our religion but especially against the morality, which as the State and the nation we value highly.
The election for the Sohiong Constituency will be held on the 10th June 2023 and the counting of votes will be held on the 13th June
Contact No.
The union also recalls that in the past years, such nonsense used to come from the Minister to say that the marten has no more smell, but as the union, it is willing to prove that the marten until these years. This shows that as a minister she has failed in all aspects because such statements of her show that she is no longer fit to be a minister of government because she has been involved. The Ministry of Education (MoE) has issued a statement saying that the Ministry of Education (MoE) has issued a statement saying that the education department has been involved in corruption and excessive protection of the children. these are the leaders of the organization.
There will also be a prize for the players who finish in the Top Five (50+years).
This comes after these seven schools won the quarter final which was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Friday.
Looking at the allocation of jobs in the state, it seems that the Garo friends are still lagging behind and at that time it is necessary to give them more allocation.
Sonowal also announced that OPD services will start in Smit, East Khasi Hills district which will benefit about 40,000 people living in 20 villages.
This year's New Year's Day falls on the 16th November
Shillong: The Jhalupra and Bishnupur taxi stands at Yog Maya will be relocated to Keating Road, opposite Goenka Workshop.
“The printing of the books was done by the publisher, and as soon as we learned that there was a shortage of books, we immediately ordered to print and send and deliver to these bookstores,” said Bah. Marbanian.
Shillong, Nailar : The Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya on Thursday announced the names of the government officials who will take part in the flag raising ceremony on the occasion of Independence Day. Day 2003) will be held on the 15th of this month at the District Headquarters.
The State Government has issued a Vide Notification No.2/2018/436 to reduce the pollution in Byrnihat. to appoint a special committee for the implementation of the National Clean Air Program which aims to reduce pollution.
Also present on the occasion were the SP of West Jaintia Hills District, other police chiefs and the Executive Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District.
Congratulations to the Sordar, Bah Shain Khasain, and the Secy.
People don't know Gandhi or Nehru anymore.
In the Men's Pro 70 kg category, Pyrkhatlang Mylliem Umlong won the title, Alansun Marbaniang won the 70 kg category and in the Women's Amateur category, Kiewdorlin Marweiñ won the title. In the men's category, Alansun Marbaniang and in the women's category, Wandalin Syiemiong won.
“KSU Mawlai circle urges all the owners, contractors and all the citizens to refrain from employing the authorities as this will increase the number of authorities here in our country. It will endanger the country and the nation as a whole, because if the authorities come to our country if they don't get jobs to survive and earn a living they will not be able to stay here in the country. of us," the statement said.
He said that yesterday a meeting was held with the village headmen where the government gave them the rules on how to act if anyone from their village returns to their village.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 7 cases, 4 cases are high risk and 3 cases are from abroad.
In Group A, Shillong Zone, Jyntru will play against Langsning at 3 pm. In Group B, Youth Club Pdengkarong will play against Langsning at 3 pm. Rangdajied United will play against Shillong Lajong at 3 pm and Chipakkore will play against Shillong Lajong at 3 pm. Wa'sa FC at 3 pm today.
In a statement sent by Bah Lambok Rymbai, General Secretary of the KSU, North Khasi Hills District, the KSU said that the KSU has expressed its deep sorrow over the decision of the state government to take measures. They also discussed the ways to resolve the protest against the railway, especially to build Entry and Exit points to prevent the illegal entry of mynder before the construction or introduction of the railway into the state.
Shillong, Lber: The Meghalaya Social Development Society (MSDS) Shillong has organized a People Education Program (PEP) on the 24th and 27th of this month at Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), Nongrah Shillong.
There are 9 members in the Vigilant Committee in the village which oversees the smooth running of the ration in the village and the work of the PDS Dealer of the village.
The Minister has directed the DCs to take urgent measures to assist the victims.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Acting President of the Seng Kurbah, Basaiawmoit and others, agreed that these statements of Juliana, were heard by himself, because he watched the program last night.
When she saw that her son was happy and happy there in Myndu kba, she happily went to cultivate the fields, whether it was in the fields, in the fields or in the fields. I've turned stong into my Hali.
Also present, the Sordar Shnong, Rangbah Phridian Wanniang, gave a speech and urged the office bearers to have a spirit of cooperation with the community.
The Union also urges the rulers of Meghalaya under the leadership of Conrad Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam to set up a commission of inquiry or an impartial investigation to find out the truth. Agencies whether NIA, CBI or any other investigating authority should be called to find out the root cause until the loss of lives.
He said that educational institutions and other larger institutions will benefit greatly from this scheme.
Before we talk about Teacher's Day, we first need to understand who teachers are.
Rihanna is the richest singer with a net worth of $260 million.
The video was posted by Viral Haryana, a news website, and later spread on various social media.
“He also informed that the Zonal Committees of the PDF in Mylliem and Umsning constituencies are still alive and strong.
Let us strengthen our own nation so that it will be strong and develop, let us not be too afraid that a small nation will disappear from the face of the earth.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Wailadmiki Shylla said that parents have an important role to play and it is they who should recognize the talents of their children and encourage them to do what they want and desire to succeed in life.
Phone lines and internet are very poor in this area.
because of the increasing theft and copying through technology today.
If the leaders deceive only during the elections, where will the future of the people go?
The Court refused to accept the petition at today's hearing and said that the case is still in the hands of the Supreme Court.
The KSU immediately ordered the stones to be dropped in the truck and drove away and warned that they are no longer allowed to quarry stones from the river which falls within the border of Meghalaya.
Conrad also spoke about the services of Dr Kharlukhi as President of the NPP. “Dr Kharlukhi has served as President for 16 years and his time with the NPP has been longer as a trusted person and friend. Your leader (L) Purno A Sangma.
Monwanmi Dkhar took three wickets in 2.4 overs.
Remember that the lockdown will not kill you, remember Job when grief came upon his house (Job 1:19) did Job die of starvation?.
The meeting with the Sports Minister was on the development of sports in the North East especially in football.
Speaking to media on Saturday, Congress Spokesperson Zenith Sangma recalled that the theft of the MTET question paper was from a center in Dadenggre sub division.
When asked about the types of complaints, the CEO said, “You can ask for all these through the Deputy Commissioners.
It is your responsibility to preach on peace and non-violence, justice and democracy,” he said.
Through these victories, Sohryngkham and Umphyrnai will prepare for the title on the 27th.
And something that cannot be proven that is unbelievable with science.
The fire that burned in our hearts.
“We will fight hard for the welfare of the children of Hynniewtrep to live in peace and harmony, we will work with clean water by doing dirty work,” said Kong Jyrwa. They should fight as much as they can to stop foreigners or Khasi girls who are destroying our state.
Therefore, we the traffic police strive to educate the public about the rules of driving.
He said that his brother-in-law is physically and mentally healthy. He said that he does not feel right and cannot believe that his brother-in-law will take his life because of she had two sons and one daughter.
“We will stand firm on the basis that we have stood from the beginning that while the people have not accepted the railway line, the KHADC will also stand on that basis. “The KHADC has given permission is wrong because our EC has not issued the NOC yet and I have looked at the records within the council and there is no NOC from the previous ECs,” he said. said.
Shillong, July 29: The Thma u Rangli (TUR) has given its full support to the strike of the teachers under the umbrella of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) they are yours.
Up to 32 teams from all over the region have come to take part in this tournament and the prize money for the winners of this tournament will be T.50 thousand tyngka. The winner will receive a cash prize of T.30,000 while the runner-up will receive a cash prize of T.20,0
/ Ezekiel 40:47.
“The District Councils are the most special part of this discussion, in which the government will include to discuss in detail on this report and not only the District Councils, but also the we will include all those involved in this issue where we need a thorough discussion and consideration".
Commenting on the involvement of Kong Christabell Wanniang, the village leader said that during the MDC elections, Kong Christabell Wanniang instead of preaching for development, came instead. to stir up trouble.
“Now it is a sacred ritual of Bhai Dooj.
