Shillong, July 23: The political drama of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has reached the ears of the Governor of Meghalaya today.
Initially, the MDC and his family members thought that the woman was in Guwahati, so they rushed to the Dispur Police Station to look for the woman. They learned that the Longkmie was taken to Golaghat for treatment, saying that she had a mental illness.
Shillong: A motor bike (ML 05 H 3659) carrying two men, Benson Khongtani (27) of Lapalang village and Winson (29) of Lapalang village, collided with another vehicle. The Alto (ML 05 W 2068) was driven by Bah Pynskhembor Khongnoh, 21, of Pomshutia.
He was one of the leaders involved in the construction of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee and the Seng appointed him as the first Secretary of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie since its inception. , on 30th June, 1990 and has served for many years and is also the former Chairman of this Committee.
Some of the stars who will take part include two-time Olympic champion and seven-time Asian Championship medalist Shiva Thapa, as well as Asian Games 2018 champion. Amit Panghal and Commonwealth Games 2022 bronze medalist Rohit Tokas among others.
At the same time, the Minister said that up to 90% of the students would not take the subject mathematics if they could.
“If Shylla gets a Das, she should give the Das clan and her children as well. If she gets a Chakraborty, she will become Mrs Chakraborty and she should no longer give the Khasi clan. If their children marry Khasi, they will regain their Khasi identity and in this way there will be no more such conflicts. “ said Bah HS Shylla while talking to reporters.
The march started from the Club Moothathlen, Mynkseh, Nongkhlieh, Rymbai and went through the old market roads used by the Suchen people which still exist today.
Cross the floor- Ryngkoh Violation of morality that goes beyond the boundaries of the Legislative Assembly such as violation of human rights in the legislative assembly in society.
The earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale struck the Myanmar-India border.
The ECI said that since the announcement of the elections in Meghalaya till 15th June, the seizure has reached T.63.98 crore of which T.7.36 crore is cash, 100,299 liters of liquor worth T.31 crore. drugs worth Rs 31.21 crore, smuggled goods worth Rs 0.91 crore and illegal drugs worth Rs 22.19 crore.
However, on the government, Banteidor said that he is not the only one in power but he will have to consult with his colleagues within the MDA. “I am the only one who will sit within the MDA to see whether it is sufficient or not, when we pass any law,” he said.
If you look at You Tube, you will see that many people have done this.
He also suggested that the law and order should be strengthened to help prevent the use or illegal trafficking of drugs. the feeling of self-esteem of people who have become addicted to drugs by escaping from being harassed or insulted in the community, being rejected by people, in jobs and other necessities and the other is how to avoid drug addiction or drug abuse is the most important thing through the cooperation starting from the home ie from parents, community, staff in health, police and other community stakeholders.
“By putting these issues first, we have seen that the support of the people is good and we are confident of winning,” he added.
“I have called the marine experts and such things have happened now,” he added.
I found that almost all the families of their children did not have a job.
“Why can't the police wait until morning to call and call, arrest and take (Bah Cheris),” asked Bah Shangphliang.
Members of KYKWM today visited the Myntdu River at the drinking water collection point of the EE PHE (Electrical) office Jowai and in the lower parts of Chilliangraij to verify the They have seen the change in color of the Myntdu River due to the spread of soil into the parts of the rivers that flow into the Myntdu River.
Lajong managed to turn the tide in the 28th minute through Ronney Willson Kharbudon, who headed inside the box. You can box through a free-kick.
Shillong: The Director General of Police (DGP) LR Bishnoi today said that in the last three years alone, police have seized more than T.300 crore and more than 600 people. was arrested on drug dealing charges.
“Therefore, we urge the VPP not to come and ask for permission and order because the committee does not have the authority to take any decision, so we have to convey this to the government and we hope The State Government will also allow all political parties to participate.
On the other hand, they expressed their regret that although the government has passed a law ban ban the sale of cigarettes or beer to children under 18 years of age, in fact the law has not been passed. It doesn't work at all, because there are many shops that violate this law and that don't allow children to buy cigarettes or beer.
Mark (16:12-13) and Luke (24:13-35) tell of the appearance of Jesus Christ Himself after His resurrection to two disciples, one of whom was named Cleopas, in Jerusalem. on the road to Emmaus.
Expressing her concern over the problems faced by the journalists, she said that as the Minister of the department in charge of the journalists, she will follow up for their pensions and housing.
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns the murder of a mother from Tuberkmai Shnong on the 24th of July this year by a robber from the same village. .
Special greetings to the Waheh Chnong of Looski.
In the final match of the day, Pammanik Sports Club beat Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu Sports Club 2-1
However, there are parts of the traditional customs that have to be abolished because they are not part of the Muslim religion.
Last year alone, more than 99 out of 100 people who applied for job cards have already received them.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today appointed Sadon K Blah, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF), to hold talks with Bah Peter.
A strong fire broke out at the airport when Russian authorities discovered the incident, along with two planes that were burnt down. bam duh in this fire.
“In accordance with the directive of the Government of India through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NEIGRIHMS has set up an AMRIT Pharmacy on the ground floor near Orthopedics. OPD where patients can get medicines and others at lower prices, and expensive equipment like cardiac stents, pacemakers.
The Minister said that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be allowed to be used in some areas of communication, which will help in the promotion of the indigenous language in the State.
Thus the words of Isaiah, “A little while, a little while” Isaiah 28:9-1
After this, there will be a detailed calculation such as the area of ​​farmland, the area of ​​farmland destroyed by the environment, the cost or the loss of crops.
The semifinals were held in three semifinals, an eliminator and a qualifier.
They were very surprised because there were three men who immediately brought a lyngka. When they saw the shisha, Lydia's father saw one of them saying, “Wow mei, wow mei”. Then Hep came with a stick in his hand, and they struck him there until all three of them fled.
In a letter issued by MUDA on June 4, 2016, it said that Byrnihat-Khanapara is a factory area which needs to be turned into an urban area under the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act
“In the past 10 years, our MP, Ma Vincent H Pala has been sitting idle and has not done anything to advocate for the welfare of the people.
Besides, the state government has not yet paid the rights of the JHADC which should have received from the motor vehicle tax which amounted to Rs.5, 11, 31, 222 tyngka.
Khan is a former MLA from Nongshken Constituency and was elected as an MLA from the Congress party twice in 1998 and
Anish Charak (4/40), Himan Phukan (2/25), Adarsh ​​Joshi (2/48) and Elchiang Ch Momin (1/21) scored for Meghalaya.
Bah Marten and Bah Umlong said that the reason why the KSU and HNYF had to suspend the distribution of ration cards to those who are entitled to receive them was on the grounds that Many of these eligible beneficiaries are foreigners and those who have been living in the area for only a few years, while the Khasi paradoh parasnam have not been included in the list. those who are worthy to receive it.
These issues all fall under what countries around the world, including India, call the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
The Minister also announced the allocation of T.800 crore under the two schemes for Assam.
However, during the rainy season, as it is a dirt road, the deterioration of the road is due to the fact that only Mahindra pickup four wheelers and trucks can pass through.
Shillong, Naitung 05 : The Spokesperson of the State Government, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the State Government stands firm not to allow the Uniform Civil Code to come into force in the State.
Speaking to the Members of the Legislative Assembly, the Speaker, Thomas A. Sangma urged the Members of the Legislative Assembly to take part in the debates and at the same time to respect each other. even.
They will start the Medical College in Shillong, while in Tura they will almost complete it.
According to the RTI received from the MBoSE, there are some schools that no longer have the right to take Khasi as one of their subjects from 2014 to
She said that the Minister of Urban Affairs has not come to discuss with the Sengbhalang on the government's land acquisition in the area because there is no way to discuss whether it has done it by force.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh today said that she has not received any information on the death of a young woman who was admitted to NEIGRIHMS on charges of negligence.
Meghalaya tied for 38 overs and scored 168/9
We have witnessed how the Aadhaar registration and collection of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) works and many problems and challenges have arisen and will continue to arise.
Regarding the demand to include the school in the Adhoc Grant, the Minister directed the school authorities to provide the necessary documents.
Leaders of these groups, including Bah John Nongrum President of the HYC in Ri Bhoi and Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, said that as the leaders of the HYC, they cannot accept this. He was shot dead until he died.
The school has 7 OPDs in Ayurveda and 5 OPDs in Homeopathy.
Bhaboklang Nongpluh top scored with 26 runs from 23 balls while Mebanshan Kharsati took two wickets in four overs.
Therefore, Khra, who was terrified and frightened, had to sleep in the room with the other bodies and there he became more and more frightened. , when the guards at the cemetery, said that an ambulance will come to take the body, for a post mortem, as they do not know the cause of death.
The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has a system of working and the District Council has issued letters from year to year.
Player of the Tournament by Aibiang Momin.
He announced that the salary for the month of April 2020 will be released today, while the salary for the month of November will be released next month. money this Christmas.
Any objections in respect of this notice, if any shall be sent within thirty days from the date of publication of this public notice.
The funeral service will be held on the 21st September 2022 at 10.00 am at Khnap Thangbru, Seinraij, Dulong Pohali, Jowai.
The inspection was led by Bah W.Makdoh, DTO Ri Bhoi, together with the Inspectors from Enforcement, who conducted the inspection at two places, Killing and Pillingkata. The reason why the DTO and Enforcement personnel conducted this raid is because they have received information that there are many vehicles operating illegally in these areas. Meghalaya, but there are also vehicles from Assam that come illegally without proper documents.
Furthermore, the members of the union said that this ban on heavy vehicles has affected especially the farmers of the area where their produce has been left without market. They are not able to pass through the bridge because when passing through the pariong as directed by the PWD department, the cost of travel and transportation is high.
“The people have now seen that Bah Ardent is a member of the Congress since then I have seen and now it is clear that he has joined the Congress,” said Bah Shylla.
Now I am very happy that we have changed a lot from before,” said the mother.
In the javelin throw, Yoolangki Shylla of Jaintia HSS won the gold medal, Clarisa Talang and Heisakaru Lyngdoh of North Liberty HSS won the silver and bronze medals respectively.
Speaking to reporters, the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Durbar said that the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit has been upgraded to a Civil Sub-Division, as it has been recognized as an Administrative Unit since , before Ri Bhoi became a full district in
It will not be in harmony with other nations," he said, adding, "Even if it doesn't seem to affect the beliefs of individuals or their following of any religion they like – whether the The UCC can bring about a common faith and equality among different religions.
There are 9 schools under the Pasadwar Cluster, including 6 Lower Primary Schools and 3 Upper Primary Schools. and the village of Kamsing.
Later, Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Hon'ble Chief Justice, High Court of Meghalaya & Patron-In-Chief MSLSA distributed Assistive Devices to the people with disabilities.
The death toll has risen to 278, with three more deaths in hospitals.
She said that the Constitution of the country clearly states that it is a democratic country and that it is a country of freedom of religion.
The Dy.CEM of KHADC in charge of the Elaka, Bah Pyniaid Singh, said that the Council has convened the hearing of Paiem Patrick after receiving a complaint from two groups against the Syiem.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said, “In the end, it is not just about getting a position, but we as the government have made it clear that we want to bring in responsible citizens. dedicated, God-fearing, hardworking, intelligent and education plays an important role in this".
Milind has been criticized for his relationship with Ankita, as he is 52 years old, while his wife is half his age; but they did not change their minds at all and went away in glory.
Nongstoiñ: More than 60 elders of Rambrai area together with the residents of Rambrai area have sent a petition to demand the dismissal of the Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank Rambrai Branch. Chairman of Meghalaya Rural Bank Shillong.
How, then, can we expect children to enjoy coming to school? Many parents, seeing the lack of education in schools, drop their children and send them to work from the age of
The RBYF leader said that the RBYF does not want to see the Wah become like the Wah Umkhrah in Shillong, which has turned into a garbage dump just because of the widespread spread of water by the people and the lack of water supply. that spirit to cleanse the river.
She said that in the view of the ancestors, women have been placed in certain rules in society because as a woman she will be the breadwinner of the family. but apart from this, the dorbars of the longkmie do not participate in the rule of the khadar.
The Prime Minister lays the foundation stone in the morning in Garo Hills, in the afternoon in Khasi Hills and so on.
Seed goes about one pound per acre.
Therefore, to eradicate the secret appointment or illegal appointment of the higher authorities, the union urges the state government to cancel the call for interviews and to look only at the written test when deciding to appoint. less government.
The purpose of this is that the children should have adequate feeding, sleeping time, breastfeeding and others.
In a statement, Bah Lymphuid, said that the village would like to thank 'Shi Khoh' for donating rice and vegetables to the villagers. 6 July, 2013.
He also urged the residents to implement government schemes especially the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) as it is a scheme for the development of the village.
Such acts are against the law and bring insecurity to the lives of the people,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Spiton said that the Khasi count the months from the moon that rises in the sky. He said that the Khasi count the months from the Gujarati.
He said the presence of the UDP and HSPDP in the RDA strengthens the government.
The opening of the Outpost is also a Christmas gift from the MDA government to the people of the area.
He said that as teachers they should not be afraid if there are any clashes with the government authorities from Assam, because the people will not leave but will be with them.
He said that in the elections one cannot count sting but the party will focus on strengthening the party.
So, the baby boy tried to shake the mother’s body but couldn’t.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 22: Following the shooting death of five persons in Mukroh West Jaintia Hills which also injured several people, the Assam Police today closed down all the shops in Mukroh West Jaintia Hills. Vehicles from Assam and even commercial vehicles to enter Meghalaya from Jorabat to avoid any tragic incident that could result from the shooting death of civilians by the Assam police.
Only after the statement of Bah Michael Dkhar, the incident happened at his house.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that education is very important in this era and as an MLA he has fought to bring about many development projects in the past 4 years for the benefit of the people. For the benefit of the people, but it is necessary to continue to improve the education of the area especially in the rural areas where the school needs to get a proper building according to the present era so that it will be a blessing to the children. read the area.
In a few years I will be in the Y category or die.
He said that the reason for the clashes between the two communities is since the Tax Gate was installed which is still under the jurisdiction of Khanduli Village.
As the Presbyterian Church, we are proud to have produced many great men in literature from Tbn.Dr.Homiwell Lyngdoh (Mawkhar Church), Babu VG Bareh (Jaiaw Church), Tbn.
“The NPP-led MDA Government has fallen asleep and the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma has nothing to worry about.
Among the mobile companies, Reliance was the first to arrive in Shillong and at that time the speaking fee was 3 tyngka per minute and 6 tyngka from both the speaker and the listener. after.
Shillong, October 20: Application forms for the post of UB Sub Inspector 80+20 = 100, AB Sub Inspector 20+ have been distributed from 15th October 2016 at the fee of T. 5 = 25 pieces.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC will face Langsning FC in the U-18 Youth League Zonal Round on 22nd March at MFA Ground, Polo at 2PM. Shillong Lajong Junior won the U-18 Youth League title last year by beating Kerala Blasters 2-0 at the JN Stadium Shillong.
To hold five terms as Chief Minister and to win elections for five years is not easy.
I am from Ri Bhoi District.
At the time of writing, no exact information has been received.
Taiwan's Foreign Ministry also acknowledged that the ship was from Taiwan and was a fishing vessel that had already received permission from Taiwan.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: A fire broke out in Erpakon village near Umdihar village this morning.
The reason for their surprise is that the National Scholarship Portal of Meghalaya has not yet opened.
"“Mutdur you people, the food shortage, the country is deteriorating, there are no jobs, farmers are being neglected, teachers are being neglected, many are not paid, MCCL will collapse , MeECL has also been able to survive.
They were arrested by the police while they were on their way to collect the money demanded in the name of the HNLC. Police in Jowai and Amlarem have arrested a man for receiving a letter of demand for money written on the letter head of the HNLC. in the hands of the police.
Shops located far from the road/highway or inside the market may not have showcases with large jars (to prevent entry), and the jars shall be painted to protect them from damage. of jars.
Shillong, July 18 : The National People's Party (NPP) is now ready to take over the ruling party from the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah Titos. W Chyne as Chief Executive Member.
Meghalaya does not have a special quota for Schedule Castes. For a while, 5 percent quota was given to Hajong, Koch, Rabha, Bodo and Schedule Castes from the four ethnic groups. in this 5 percent share, which is not appropriate and unsustainable.
On the other hand, Bah Shanlang said that the union demands that the government should immediately take measures to re-operate the factory so that it can produce dewbilat again as in the past. the years that passed.
The schools that won the march past include QC Springside HSS, Police Public School and Little Flower HSS. On the occasion of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence, which we celebrate as the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, I congratulate you the people of Meghalaya.
Since they are undergoing treatment at various hospitals, the sisters of the Sacred Heart Health Center Sahsniang have been with the family members of the child. to send them to school for treatment of the broken legs as needed.
The residents of Dongriwar Manad Area which includes three villages of Manad, Lummawbah, Pyndensohlang, Pyndenlyngdoh and Mawbidong have been affected by the landslide.
As a journalist, he said, he has experienced the formation and collapse of governments, the formation and dissolution of political parties and one of them, was the plan by Bah Martin Narayan Majaw, to dissolve the party. PDIC, which is not owned by GG Swell, has prompted GG Swell, who is in Burma, to write to Martin N Majaw that he should not talk too much. I'll give you one back kick, Martin.
In a statement to the media, the Seng said that Ki Umjer, went to take part in an Indian talent show known as India's Got Talent.
Such people have no cure for their enslavement to their candidate and the party they have joined.
On the same day, Kishida announced that he hoped to increase child care payments to 4.7 trillion yen ($33.7 billion) and was confident that this would work and that it would be possible. to be achieved by
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of deaths with 197, followed by West Garo Hills with 19, West Jaintia Hills with 4, East Garo Hills with 1, East Jaintia Hills with 2, North Garo Hills with 2 and Ribhoi. District 3, South Garo hills 2, South West Garo hills 2, West Khasi hills 1.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : The XIV Biennial State SNA Conference 2023 on Tuesday concluded the four-day Biennial State SNA Conference The program which started on 11th November 2023 was organized by Bethany School of Nursing, Shillong.
These information have also been posted on the dashboard of the app so that medical officers and health workers can also monitor especially those women who are at risk and are about to give birth.
He was assisted in this work by his wife, Gabrielle LC Howard.
After a while, they asked who had done this and someone answered that it was the police.
The earthquake destroyed houses, crops, and people as well.
Expressing his satisfaction that they have been able to welcome many intellectuals in the BJP, the President said that this will also ensure the proper implementation of the party's schemes and programmes.
At 4:30 pm, a team of police from Khliehriat Police Station rescued the suspect and the kidnappers were taken to Khliehriat Police Station.
Home or family is the beginning of everything.
It is time for parents to ask and think carefully about these ways and means to improve their children in terms of education and to turn to various forms of education especially the Civil Service Exams that Khasi are no longer Khasi. It is time for the Khasi Khara youth to come forward with pride to achieve their goals in various education and examinations to be proud of themselves. The family, the community and the state in particular is like a source of pain for the parents.
He said that the Union is ready to provide assistance at any time.
The total number of cases in the country has risen to 5,3
Mondal said that MeECL has urged M/s ITD Cementation (India Limited) to release the EPF (Employees) assistance as soon as possible. provident fund) and insurance to the relatives of the victim due to death in the middle of work.
Employees of the Jowai Municipal Board have been spraying disinfectant in different villages and townships in Jowai on Friday morning.
The three men had entered the toilet of the shop early in the morning with the intention of stealing from the gold shop of Shyam Jewelers in Khyndailad.
Shillong: The Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) and NEHUTA have agreed to join hands with the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) in the implementation of the New Education Policy (NEP) this year 2023-2
If these falling flowers have yellow markings on them, then we can believe that it is this same disease that drops them.
The union went to the bar to check the documents of these bars but found that these people do not have proper documents such as labor license, trading license and others. gather their belongings, and send them out of this place.
Shillong: The peace talks between the Central Government, the State Government and the illegally recognized Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have ended in Shillong.
Speaking on the plight of the people of the area, since the ban on mining and transportation of coal, he said, “I will tell you the truth, that there are two women who have been killed. They came to my house and told me that they had not eaten for two days. This makes my soul sick that they cannot even buy bread. I am not like other candidates, to promise to the people, but if I reach the goal I will find ways and means how to open the coal industry. The former General Secretary of the JSM, said that the demand for a government college in East Jaintia Hills District, has been demanded by the JSM. He said that when he was in the JSM, they were looking for ways and means to bring the government college under the JSM. district, but now he has turned to politics, with the thought that if he reaches his goal, it will be easier for him to talk to the government regarding the demand for a government college in East Jaintia Hills District.
“We are ready for the polling tomorrow,” said Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR Tiwari.
Answering a question whether the de-addiction or helping to get rid of alcoholics is not a mistake because he himself works in this field, Bah Sam said, “We don't encourage anyone. I don't want to drink without counting, but when I drink, I drink with the responsibility of my household, my work and my income.
The company said it had held a meeting with the ADC of East Khasi Hills today and he promised to accompany them on the inspection in the presence of PWD officials. or NHAI in the last week of this month or the first week of next month.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that in fact, the state government should encourage the children and students especially as Meghalaya has come last in the field of education. , but due to the delay in releasing the food, many have dropped out of school.
According to the letter, signed by the President of FKJGP Khliehriat Circle, Bah Michal Chyrmang, the road has been collapsing since 2021 and the NHAI has not taken any action to repair the road. This has also caused traffic jam and endangered the passengers.
Shillong, Lber, 09: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Friday said that four departments including Social Welfare, Tourism and Arts & Culture and Textile, are like 'one song' because they have a relationship and are the priorities for him.
“The actions of this Waheh Shnon, Thangskai, besides stealing the doctoral scholarships of the children of Bri U Hynniewtrep, this will also affect our small indigenous people in the future. .
However, the most important thing, which is also like the raibi of the tyrud ka smer, is the killing of the human soul by another human being.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Lahkmen said that the policy, besides the aim of starting school for children from the age of 3 years, has also divided education into four parts, namely pre-nursery to Class 2, Class 3 to 5 as primary, 6+7+8 as upper primary and 9+10+11+12 as secondary.
Jowai, Naitung 05: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stangi Stadium. Jowai.
Children from low income families are eager to achieve their goals and look for ways to achieve them just like children from rich families.
He said that the people who were at the scene, informed and phoned the ambulance and the medical team also rushed to the scene shortly after the incident. and the old man went away.
The best chance for Mawkhar came in the 85th minute when Bansanbha passed the ball to Malngiang but he missed it.
