On the appointment of the MDC, Prestone referred to the Executive Committee and had nothing to say on this.
The Meteorology Department of India has estimated that Umiam has received 38.4 millimeters of rainfall, while Sohra has received the highest rainfall in the world. and there was no rain.
They also call me the prime minister of singing, because I have enough songs, while now Conrad has sung himself on a television programme, so how do you call him?”.
Ebran Suchen, Waheh Shnong of Kwator Dorbar Shnong, Lakadong District, East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed his gratitude to the Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) for providing food items. umphniang to the poor families during this time of lockdown to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, yesterday, has placed the village under the Micro Containment Zone Area. within this area and those who violate, shall be punished according to the provisions of the Act.
He said a letter has been sent to the Governor to meet again to explain the political situation.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Chief Organizer of FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle on Tuesday held a raid on foreign road workers in Nonghali under the leadership of FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle Staphan Mawthoh and Aiborlang Kharmalki. Members and leaders of FKJGP Nonghali Unit were also present at the raid.
The meeting was conducted by Shillong Municipal CEO Chandradevi Bhattacharjee and was attended by Shillong Municipal CEO BS Sohlya, former Chairman SK Dhar and Prasanjit Dey, Chairman Jail Road Welfare Committee. Road where they expressed their gratitude to the MLA for fulfilling this long standing dream.
Assam Police on Tuesday said they have arrested two members of the Popular Front of India (PFI) from Dhubri district.
As the minutes went by, the game became more and more intense, in which the PFR players turned to the goal of Global FC. scored the second goal for PFR Football Academy who beat Global FC 2-0 to reach the semi-finals.
The government shouldn’t do that.
Furthermore, a task force will be set up to investigate the illegal mining of mineral resources and to introduce modern mining methods, the establishment of outposts and to improve the mining practices. to set up a special task force under a retired Supreme Court lawyer to investigate all corruption cases.
Saibon said that the government will be given 10 days to implement these demands.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Shillong Run-10K, 2023 has been organized by the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi through the Agency for Sustainable Development Initiative (AfSDI) today. Saturday starting at 5:30 p.m.
This Hynniewtrep Pansngait Hynniewtrep Hima is the one who is claimed in the fire.
Jowai: After the allegation that the Dolloi Nartiang was involved in the rape of a woman from Nongjngi village, today the FLJGP, JSM and HNYF together with school children. and the longkmie longkpa, took to the streets carrying banners and placards to strongly condemn the wild act of the Dolloi and to demand that the law enforcement authorities to arrest the Dolloi.
“In the MDC election 2019, we asked for advice, but it took only time without an answer and finally he went straight to the CEC and the work was completed according to the party's constitution.
The NPP is the party of the party.
In the statement, the BJP also alleged that the Congress's dream that others will leave the BJP and join them is an insult to the greatness of political cooperation.
Everyone who has a right mind will support the government if it does these great things.
Speaking on the target of the state and the central government to eradicate TB by 2025 in the country, Dr. W. Chyne, Medical Officer, Umsning Tuberculosis Unit, said: Explanation on the objectives of the Government through the Prime Minister's TB Mukrat Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA).
“The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Marbud Dkhar who was the chief guest.
However, if we don't have a true spirit of love, how can we cleanse ourselves or if we don't criticize others, how can we expect others to respect us?
SCA team Jayshree was the only team to score 14 runs after the team that tied the most. The team scored 105 runs off 123 balls.
Collin Wanñiang, ItalyAt the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, on the 24th of July, 2013; The banner reads “Citizens' Conclave the Price of Superstition”.
In the past few months, the BSF has seized 999.224 Cft of drugs worth T.33 lakh which were intended to be smuggled through the Simsang River, South Garo Hills.
“The government authorities of the two states should take steps to ensure peace and order and to punish severely such criminals who commit any acts of violence against religious people. ," said the Commission.
Those who were present at the market on that day were advised to stay away and take good care of themselves, but if they show any signs of illness, they should immediately inform the number
The Principal of the school, Kong B.Lyngdoh Mawnai, said that in 2023 there will be two students to sit for the SSLC examination from this school.
He said that Woh Tep is also a man who loves his race, country and nation, who wants to preserve the customs and traditions of the ancestors, he also has a courageous spirit.
I also think that many young people will be unemployed.
For more information, please call 7005666802, 9863043885, 8729912904,
Nongstoin, March 5: U Bonefirst Kharsyiemlieh, 24, of Riangdo, West Khasi Hills, has died shortly after his motorcycle collided with another vehicle. and one truck at Riangdo market.
It is useless to have such schools and teachers if the teaching methods are meaningless and cannot improve the children.
Member of the Seiñ Raij, Jowai, Ma Kamnipaia Challam, explained about the Behdeiñkhlam festival which is called 'ki four days and three nights' years of those who have been doing it since ancient times.
The MLA built a house for the woman after he found in recent months that the house where she lives has been destroyed especially for her children.
This special day was held in compliance with the COVID-19 rules and there was no colorful celebration as usual every year.
In the first leg of the tournament, Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber beat Youth Pynthor FC 5-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The Dkhar Kur Seng, through the leading leaders of the Dkhar Kur Seng, through its president, HC Dkhar and HH Dkhar, have strongly warned those who issue permits to this person that he is from The Dkhar kur, without the authority of the kur and therefore those who take the jait of the kur should immediately remove it so that they will escape punishment from the kur and the authorities of the law.
Speaking at the meeting, the Vice President said that he is pleased to take part in the award ceremony to empower people with disabilities in the celebration of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities.
Our children don't go to school or college, but they have time to play, to cheat others and for these kinds of crimes, Muslims are involved and this is a very sad incident. " don't say.
The people of Garo Hills are in dire need of improvement in the government services in various fields due to the distance from Shillong.
Meirad Emli Rngad, 83, resident of Chilliangraij, Jowai, passed away on 9.11.2023 at 6 PM.
The husband asked, "Who is he?" The husband said, "This is your father, (before I met you) he wanted to kill me and asked me many times, but I rejected him.
Roykupar said that the State Government has approved the MRSSA in 2016, but the party suggests that the MRSSA should be strengthened as it only registers foreigners when they enter the country. state.
Therefore, the right path will rule the world forever and ever but the sad thing is that those who are righteous and unnecessary turn into devils themselves by forgetting the path to God.
The residents of Laitkyrhong, said that these four persons from Mawkynring, were arrested by the residents of Mawkynring, after two girls, complained that these men, who were drunk, were driving away. and these girls, while they were walking in the streets of the city.
The Union will take a final decision on 2nd November 2017 and will attend the meeting of the All Jaintia Cement Clinch Transport Association on 2nd November
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government cannot promise now what the drivers have come to inform them, but it will have to talk to the government. The Ministry of Transport has not resolved this issue.
There are those who are able to earn a living because of the Umngot and it also provides drinking water and sanitation.
On the other hand, the employees of the factory admitted that the purpose of registering Adhar is only for the employees of the factory, admitting that if they do not have Aadhaar they cannot withdraw their Provident Fund.
The DGP said that the four districts where drugs are most prevalent are East and West Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District as they are located on the highway, which is the route of drug trafficking. drugs that arrive from Myanmar and pass through the state to other parts of the country.
The 18-year-old Paul Benny Kharmudai is the son of Kong R Kharmudai and has been trained in the sport at the Sports Authority of India.
He said the truth is that the government has to look after and serve the people to look after the welfare of the people of this state.
The shop was owned by Dahun Laloo at SBI Bank, Jowai Branch.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) arrested Goyal on November 1 under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) after questioning him at the headquarters of the Investigation Directorate (ED) in Mumbai.
The sixth phase is to supply water to Police Bazar, Jail Road, Oakland and Assembly area from Zone I Reservoir; to provide water to the Lachummiere and Secretariat areas of Zone Zone II Reservoir; to provide water to Laitumkhrah from Zone III Reservoir; to provide water to Malki and Dhankheti areas from Zone IV Reservoirs; to supply water to Nongthymmai and Pohkseh from Zone V Reservoirs; to supply water to the Pasteur Institute Lawmali, part of Mawlai Mawroh, Police Bazar, Forest Colony and Nongmali from Zone VI Reservoir; to supply water to Pynthorumkhrah and Pynthorbah from the Zone VII Reservoir; to provide water to Mawlai from Zone VIII Reservoir; further to supply water to Lumparing, Laban, Bishnupur, Rilbong and Kench's Trace from Zone IX Reservoir; to supply water to Mawprem, Jaiaw, Mawkhar and South East Mawkhar from Zone X reservoirs; to supply water to Nongmynsong from Zone XI Reservoir and to supply water to Madanrting and Happy Valley area from Zone XII Reservoir.
The family, which includes the husband and two children, the brother-in-law, the mother-in-law and the family of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa, are waiting for the good news to receive, after the death of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa. The young man is one of 40 trained mountaineers who are still missing and have not been rescued. There is no such thing as a state in Uttarakhand.
If we look at the total population of the world, there are about 787 billion 83 lakh 85 thousand people in the world.
East Khasi Hills has 69 new cases, West Garo Hills 41 and Ribhoi District has
Regarding food and beverages, the district authorities are still sufficient and there is no shortage of stock and the people should not hesitate to buy or collect many items from the market.
“Recently we have seen in the newspapers that a coal truck has overturned and people have died, so what does that mean, isn't it that the transportation of coal is still going on?” asked Dr. Mukul Sangma.
When I look at this protest of those civil society organizations, I remember the story of a robber who was only a year old.
The Argentine players, who have just arrived from the UK, will have to quarantine for 14 days upon arrival in the country, but they have not been quarantined at all. and they played away and thus, they violated the covid rules.
Besides, some people have expressed doubts about the money received from FOCUS and many have started to accuse it of being an election scheme, because the distribution of this money is only in the constituencies led by the FOCUS. While in other constituencies led by MLAs from other parties, no MLAs have been distributed at all and even if they are distributed, only a few.
Leave these cleaners for about 30-40 minutes and then clean them with soap.
The Transit Camp of Assam State Transport has also been set up on this site and the land owner has appealed to the Supreme Court and the SC has decided that it belongs to Meghalaya.
However, before they staged the protest, the police went to the scene in front of the High Court to stop them and when they stopped them, they were put inside the bus and taken to Sadar police station. Section 144CrPC has been enforced since last month, which says that no public gathering can be held within 500 meters of the court.
He said that the Bhowal Hima is a border kingdom with another country and to prevent it from being invaded by the banars, the kingdom needs to be strong, because the stronger ones are the ones who are stronger. they are kingdoms, villages and districts.
Regarding MCCL, he said that there are three companies which have agreed to participate in the joint venture and the government is now reading the documents relating to the companies so that and they shall not be able to take the decision of whom they shall choose.
We understand that if the CBI investigation is true, many heads will fall on the ground.
After the end of the dance, the President of the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills, Bah P.Ryntathiang gave a congratulatory speech to all those who took part and completed the dance.
The meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth with the leaders of JAC and JHCMA ended without any documents and gave them a day to fix the new price of cement and cement. clinker and other goods on Friday.
The DSO office has requested all schools in Eastern West Khasi Hills District who wish to take part in this tournament to collect the registration forms from DSO Office, Eastern West Khasi Hills District on working days.
No casualties were reported in the incident as the GNLA members fled to the forests nearby.
They want to open the Assembly immediately.
Until evening there was no snow.
Superintendent of Police West Khasi Hills Bikram Marak also announced the names of the policemen from different states who died in the clashes with the armed men. you have shot three times three times.
He said the government still needs to educate and educate the people in the rural areas to take action in the treatment of this disease.
Shillong: The UDP MLA from Mawphlang, Bah Mathew Beyond Kurbah, on Tuesday said that the construction of the road from Lad Mawreng to Weiloi has been completed.
He said that the Khasi Student Union (KSU) which came to demand the cancellation of the letter of approval by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima in front of him regarding the rumors of plans to sell land to the BSF in Pilangka A, Pilangka B and He assured that the KHADC will not allow and will immediately reject the neighboring areas under Raid Marwet of Mylliem Hima.
The Director General of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Meghalaya Kong I.Nongrang has awarded the Commendation Certificate, 2021 to seven Police CDs. MW Nongbri, Executive Director, State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), C.Kharkongor, Secretary, Civil Defense & Home Guards, A Agarwal, Inspector General of Police. , CRPF, MK Sangma, Joint Director of Civil Defence, Meghalaya, Bah RP Khongwar, Bah V. Syiem, SP City. day.
On seeing that the man had fallen from the roof of the house, the friends of the foreigner, rushed to the scene and took him to the City Hospital in Khanapara. Doctors at the hospital have pronounced the man dead.
He said that the police have worked hard in the investigation as in the last three years, 5683 out of 8805 persons have been prosecuted.
While the investigation continues, it is important to avoid coming to conclusions but wait for assurances through the authorities.
The meeting was conducted by Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, Nailur 16: U Bah Disparsing Rani on Thursday said that according to information received through RTI from the DGP's office, there are 2477 vacant posts. in the police department across the state.
In addition, it was alleged that the BSF troops bombed two vehicles until the rear and front windows were damaged.
Jowai, Naitung 21: The attempt of Ma Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, to introduce the Lanka-Sutnga Railway Line, has failed due to strong opposition. of the Jaintia Hills Association.
The most beautiful places to experience nature and its surroundings are located in the rural areas of Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, Ribhoi, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, and in the four districts of in Garo Hills.
In the men's 21km half marathon, Wolbetstar Ramsiej came second and won the silver medal.
Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA from Nartiang Constituency, said this while speaking at a public meeting to seek the support of the residents of Ummulong on Saturday.
but you must go forward in the work you are doing, which is a great mission, and trust and stand firm to serve your people.
The chief guest, Rakesh Sinha, pledged in front of the public and elders to donate 50 lakh tyngka for the construction of a school building in Kongthong village. Narendra Modi's visit to 75 households.
How can you tell it’s a yeast? What do you mean by that? Before the Government can purchase any land, the Deputy Commissioners will have to price the land and then the Revenue Department will do the rest,” said Prestone. .
Sohiong MDC HDR Lyngdoh said that the delay in passing the Bill is due to the fact that the EC led by the ARPA has been stingy and has not done anything. “The government has been waiting for six years, no one has come to meet, no one has come out, no one has come to meet even after six years. “The DCA will not hesitate to ask for clarification from the KHADC,” said Bah HDr Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister in charge of the DCA. “I don't need to talk about politics here, I don't need to talk about the nation, I don't need to show off here that I am the one who did it,” said HDR Lyngdoh. “The government has made the ordinance because of the lack of law as it is now,” he said.
He said that through this report, those who have lived in Assam since 1951, or their children, grandchildren and those related to them, will be citizens of Assam.
When the JHADC officials did not accept this demand, the leaders met with the DC of West Jaintia Hills, PS Dkhar who has imposed Section 144 to ban the killing of fish in the village. this part of the Umngot River since that time.
SHILLONG: Six days after being elected as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar today appointed the members of the Executive Committee.
Therefore, he encouraged the students who are still in the middle of their studies not to waste their time but to succeed in their studies, work hard and trust in God to guide their lives. their.
The bidders who are interested to participate in the bidding process can download the bid documents from the website for their use.
After completion of all the necessary procedures, the body was shifted to the morgue of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong for identification and collection.
He said that the allocation of funds by the Ministry of Tourism, churches and religious groups is not from the BJP; but it is a scheme launched by the government of Swadesh Darshan.
In the proclamation of the French, they announced that they had occupied and ruled only about half of the Sutnga or Jaintia Kingdom.
Gandhi is currently in the US. Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal have previously expressed their desire to unite the opposition for the contest. The JD(U) leader met with the AAP leader at his residence and decided to continue to support him in connection with the The purpose is to fight against the Central Government because it has taken power in the rule of law.
In the Indian Premier League, as captain, he led the Chennai Super Kings to the title in 2010, 2011 and 2018 as well as the Champions League Twenty20 in 2010 and
Exercise helps you sleep well at night and strengthens your immune system.
Among the various groups whether in families, villages, kingdoms, NGOs, political parties, religious groups and so on we have leaders whom we should obey and They don't listen to the judgment or the law, but whatever happens, they don't have a spirit of respect or respect for the leaders.
“We discussed and decided that with six months left before the elections, why should we leave?” Ao said.
There are 16 teams from within and outside the district who have participated in the 2nd Above 40 Football Tournament
The bhoi used to be known for casting demons and performing witchcraft, but now the same demons have entered the hearts and minds of people to commit crimes and violate the rights of others.
The CEM said that if anyone is found guilty, they will be punished according to the law.
Nongpoh: Leaders of several villages in the Raid Nongkyrla District, Nongpoh Sirdarship, have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay. CMJ Breweries, located in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi, on the allegation that the Kyiad factory has produced excessive waste which has seriously affected the people, the environment and even their crops. farmer.
Preparations for this began last year after the Government passed the Regulation of Gaming Rules 2021, which allows the issuance of licenses for the killing of online and offline games.
He said that the claim that they have provided roads is just a joke, because all the roads in West Khasi Hills have been completed since the previous government, not the MDA government, but the MDA government. so much so that they are still proud.
This action of the youth, has helped the police to arrest the truck which was trying to escape.
After receiving a tip on the incident, Pynursla PS police rushed to the scene and recovered the body at 7 pm along with Fire Service vehicles.
Wansuk Lamin, Advisor of Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA) witnessed the match as the chief guest in the presence of Sailon Syngkrem, General Secretary of ASSA as the chief guest and DSO, Khroobok Passah.
They were surprised that the government has banned the Rangbah Shnongs from preventing the increase in the price of mur in their villages. The magistrate, who was in front of the shop, did not dare to arrest the kharkaia.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Ka Khihlang has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Ken Syrti, Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sumer.
Rahman is also the former state president of the BJP Meghalaya and former NPP leader from Rajabala.
The MSC invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness the matches.
After inquiring about the ration card, the Dorbar Shnong learned that Arlin had collected the ration card through the people who received the ration card from Moopylaitsyiar Center (Khliehtyrshi). she's going to sell them.
"Now we can't find them anymore and maybe they have mixed with the villagers," Solicitor General Tushar Mehta told the bench of Chief Justice of India Ranjan Gogoi.
In addition, in Tuber Kmaishnong there is also a large and spacious sacred forest, which is under the jurisdiction of the Seiñ Raij Tuber, where they used to perform kñia ki khriam. , the stones of rest or the stones of the city, the stones of the meetings of the ancients, in this forest, there are also trees, trees, flowers, animals of many kinds, near this forest there is The Snieriang Eco Park is a famous recreation area in East Jaintia Hills District which is visited by tourists from all over the world.
“We have not been able to confirm in which years Soh Ñiamtra was planted and cultivated in Narwan, but by consulting and following up with the elders we have been able to understand that Soh Ñiamtra has been planted and cultivated in Narwan. “It's been less than 500 years since our ancestors came from Shangpung and settled in this village,” she said.
Therefore, the Union will not accept the KHADC's decision to ban Rangbah Shnongs or Shnong Leaders from taking part in politics. If such rules are implemented, the synjuk will not hesitate to take other measures to strongly oppose the gathering of Shnong, Raid and Hima leaders. he added.
All Sports Clubs, Schools, Colleges and others from West Jaintia Hills District are invited to participate in this tournament.
Therefore, the Khasi religion cannot be compared with the Hindu religion at all.
Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills Matsiewdor War Nongbri was the chief guest, SP (CID) Shri.R.Muthu, MFA Treasurer W.Kharkrang, David Absalom IBSA and Jani Viswanath were the chief guests.
The book is available from leading bookstores in the state and can also be ordered online from Amazon and Flipkart at the price of T.295/- Dr Sankey Shangpung, Chairman, JHADC who was the chief guest. The Village Education Committee together with the Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang have confirmed 254 new cases of COVID-19, 4 people have died and the death toll has risen to sha 1329 this state this Sunday.
“He said the Meghalaya government would like to express its gratitude to the Ministry of Commerce and Industry for seeing and recognizing the efforts of the state.
In a statement, the KSU WJHDU said that the KSU WJHDU has met with the DHS (MI) to inform them that there is no full time DMHO in the district but only an Additional DMHO. .Furthermore, the union said that this demand is based on the fact that the union has witnessed the complaints of the people of the district about the problems they face due to the lack of DMHO in the district. the office doesn't work and doesn't go anywhere.
“We need clear information on the issues in Shillong whether it is the land vendors, the Them-Iewmawlong issue, the opening of the road to the bus stand. good.
? They asked the father of Hep, "I will tell you how it is in the eyes of the people.
The TMC has launched the MYE Card and more than 4 lakh youth have registered.
Tura: Justice BP Katakey, Judge of the National Green Tribunal (NGT), who was appointed by the Meghalaya High Court to head the Committee on Coal Industry in the State, on Tuesday said that the emergence of illegal coke factories such as tit in West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills, has been successful due to the abundance of illegal coal mining in the area for many years.
The incident happened in the afternoon when a group of 15-16 suspected Bangladeshi robbers attacked the two men at a rice field in Lumsoski, Lumsoski village. It is only a few kilometers from Umkiang.
The family members of the deceased urged the police to prosecute the suspect under the strict rules of law and to imprison him for life as they do not want such an incident to happen again in the future. .
The people know how to count because the ruling party in Delhi is the party with the most votes and the Congress has ruled India for 60 years and in the past 10 years the The BJP has taken over the ruling party from the Congress.
In the third division, Mookyrdup beat Umshangiar 2-0
According to the police, all the arrested are members of gangs involved in committing crimes.
Since its inception in 2002, it has been able to expand its operations across India and Asia Pacific as well.
He said that the government has tried to silence the family by offering them government jobs and money, but as a group, they are happy that the family has The Meghalaya High Court has refused to appeal against the case to the Meghalaya High Court.
Any political party needs more than 272 MPs to form a new government in Delhi.
The efforts of the farmers are the oil that fuels the income generation and their skilled hands improve the income and the State/Country.
He said that if the VAB violates the Constitution of India or is illegal, it means that the Land Transfer Act, Non-Tribal Trading and Reservation Policy Act are also illegal.
HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that as a party, we want no more armed groups in Meghalaya.
The attitude of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to honor Lat Phagun Chauhan according to the human conscience and the rules of law in the Legislative Assembly, and allow him to speak in Hindi is surprising because he knows it well in his heart. that many members of the Legislative Assembly do not speak Hindi, especially in the Legislative Assembly which has a great responsibility for the society in the State.
Meanwhile, it is hoped that once the Secretariat has been relocated to New Shillong, the traffic jam will decrease across the area.
“If they stop suddenly like this, we will turn around and go somewhere, we all the drivers who have dozens of drivers now we have just complained and on the part of the government if it has set a time and “The drivers of these four vehicles have understood and have looked for another way,” said the drivers.
“It is true that the construction of this road is slow.
According to the list, up to five current MPs including one Union Minister have lost their tickets.
Dr Lyngdoh said the party has now appointed Bah George Lyngdoh as the President of the Umroi Block Congress.
As part of the efforts to encourage and inspire the athletes of India in various domestic and foreign tournaments, the country has announced that it has now prepared for the 255 strong and leading athletes from the country to represent the Special Olympics World Summer Games to be held in Berlin, Germany from 17-25 July
This order comes after the state government has not received enough land to set up a garbage dump despite offering to pay a high price to the land owners.
“Any foreigner who comes to trade should have an ILP,” said the Vice President in the presence of President RLal Ramluahpuia.
Palheri, one of the authors, said that the letter was handed over to him on July 26, 2019 and said that his work is on the needs of the area. 24 hours a day in Gurdaspur constituency.
All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Leader Mamata Banerjee has strongly criticized the TMC for being a 'Bengal party' by saying that the people of India accept the National Anthem. ) written by Rabindranath Tagore in Bengali.
Meanwhile, the police refused to disclose the findings of the investigation into the matter.
“During the inspection, it was surprising to see that there were only wooden houses and one transformer in the area,” said a member of the committee.
They also received training in leadership, personality development, foreign language skills especially English and others.
The Minister also informed the House that the government's revenue in 2014-15 was T.24,85,87,632, in 2015-16 it received T.7,10,3 21 and in 2016-17 it received T.2,70,75,6
A sudden fire broke out in a juti shop in Iawmusiang, Jowai on Monday night.
In the FIR lodged by the village, the injectors belong to Dr.P Lyngdkhoi according to the documents. boxes.
It would be better for us to rule ourselves than the rule of the governor," he said.
If this hole is too hot, the phan cannot be harvested.
“Many youth organizations are working for the development, cooperation for the youth but there is still a need for encouragement for the youth.
This will lead to confusion and misunderstanding for everyone.
He said these roads in the state have been approved by the state government and will connect Nidanpur on the Meghalaya-Assam border with Phulbari-Tura and Nongstoin.
Urging the passengers to be vigilant when they see or find a driver under the influence of alcohol, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that the passengers should not allow the driver to drive the vehicle while he is drinking alcohol. If you are drunk or trying to drive by force, you should knieh ia key and inform the police to take the necessary action.
“The government should not delay anymore, it should immediately call for talks to the negotiating table and we condemn this decision of the government,” he said.
From these things, it shows that the Gentiles are about to end with the rule of the devil over this world from Jerusalem for about 3 years 7 months or 1260 days = 1290 days, the devil will rule.
An intelligent nation that wants to stand on its own feet without the need for dependence on external forces, therefore needs to strengthen within itself the agricultural sector in the nation.
The elections to the Nagaland State Legislative Assembly will be held on 27th June
Police have registered a case against him at Nartiang PS under the provisions of the NDPS Act and brought him to Jowai PS. the room where he escaped and fled to Hailakandi Assam.
Nongpoh: Three MLAs and two MDCs from Ri Bhoi Durbar, who attended the meeting held at Nongthymmai Umsning today, attended the meeting of the Ri Bhoi Durbar. They also held a special meeting to demand that the state government should upgrade Patharkhmah to a Civil Sub-Division.
Who is eligible to be appointed as MDC by Mawlai and who is qualified to carry the lyngkhor depends on the decision of the people.
Police have registered a case on the incident and at the same time, they have started to find evidence of the robbers who committed this crime. the law.
The union said the BSF should not be in the area far from the India-Bangladesh border.
Those who can put the money in the old age.
For the benefit of the people in the last few years, Rupang has met many doctors who have special skills in treating people whom many of the people have never known about. Thousands and lakhs of people have benefited from the treatment and many of them have expressed that they have received healing.
He said that on November 18, 2022, Modi inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of many projects worth T.2450 crore on the occasion of the centenary of the NEC. He said the government has allocated about T.196 crore for the Shillong Smart City and the Shillong-Diengpasoh road among other development projects.
The remaining members of the team have issued a statement regarding Randy's passing saying that it is a great loss to the team and said that he has contributed a lot to the Eagles and He has also worked hard to develop this choir as it is today.
He said that he has been interested in car building since childhood and as a child he used to build ball bearing cars.
The deceased were Sankhini Bamon, 8, who was studying in Class 3, and Dakino Bamon, 8 years old. Ani Paia Bamon, 12, 12, Rose Mary Bamon, 26, students of Jaintia Eastern College, while the three sisters are students of Ambrose Secondary School. School.
Replying to this in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Hamlet said that he has discussed this issue with the Central Government by requesting to implement the 100 days scheme even in the census towns.
Patra was speaking at an election campaign rally held at Gorkha Pathshala Square and Golflink in the presence of Minister of State for Minority Affairs John Barla.
Boldness 14-8I am the river of water,I want to water the farmer,I have my wayTo help the farmer.
These were purchased under the Swachh Bharat Mission 2015-16 scheme at a cost of T.4,80,000, said SMB CEO BS Sohliya.
Blah said that as it is more detailed, the DC has also handed over the CD to the Dorbar Shnongs to read carefully before giving their opinion if there is any need to improve. implement it.
Shillong: The State Government has directed all schools, for the admission of Class XI, or the first semester of Under Graduate and Post Graduate, to all schools, forms, must be published online and must be submitted free of charge.
It was only when I received Yahshua that it became a complete work.
At this meeting, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills urged the Government to provide adequate land for the dumping of garbage and also urged the six villages to be patient.
“This allegation by the Vice President of NEHUSU is wrong but in fact, it is the group of the Vice President of NEHUSU which has no intention of causing trouble,” said Samla Tengku.
The meeting was attended by Pragna Parande, Member of NCPCR, RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Bah CSyrti MPS SP Ri Bhoi, Kong Meena Kharkongngor, Chairperson of MSCPCR, Judicial Magistrate and others.
They also discussed the measures taken by various relief teams including SDMA, SDRF, Deputy Commissioner and various departments of MeECL. to those most affected especially for the provision of supplies to those areas most affected.
Officials of RBI, Shillong also explained to the participants about the do's and don'ts for digital banking, the problems of the depositors. money and also to know how to avoid fraudsters.
The crematorium was funded by the 5th Finance Commission at a cost of T.37 lakh and was donated by the Dorbar Shnong Khliehtyrshi.
He also appealed to all those involved in this issue from the political party leaders to raise their hands to help so that the work can go smoothly and especially to the youth who have reached the age of He also urged the political parties to continue to maintain the dignity of the district in the upcoming elections.
The remaining 35% of the Eri cocoons are exported without price which has reduced the income of the farmers.
Charak tied nine sixes and 16 fours and was also Meghalaya's highest scorer in the first innings with 219 runs.
Thousands of East Pakistanis who came as refugees to India between 1970 and 1972 are still living in the North East, mostly in Tripura and Assam.
The year 2023 will also be a special year and this is to break the record by including up to 43 sporting disciplines this year to be seen at the tournament.
Since the beginning of the strike, 14 members of MEMRIWU have been admitted to hospital so far.
The Women's Reservation Bill, passed by the Rajya Sabha in 2010, provides for a 33% seat for women in Parliament and State Legislative Assemblies.
Therefore, as people who have grown up in all these things, don't let the handshakes between Symper and Kyllang continue and become a threat to us Khasi.
The main purpose of this campaign is to provide education, to empower the community, how to identify and support a child affected by AUTISM. AUTISM is to raise awareness about AUTISM, and encourage how to live healthily and how to raise awareness about myths about autism.
Hamas is ISIS,” he said, adding that countries should come together to support Israel to defeat Hamas as it has defeated ISIS. “When Israel wins, all the developed countries win together.
Another wonder of this song is that it brings great joy to children and young people when they can sing and dance it.
On the other hand, the Seiñ Raij Ialong hopes that through the completion of various rituals before Noh Sakyriat will bring good night and prosperity to the children of thousands, said the President of Seiñ Raij Ialong, ma Pyrkhat. Shylla, while explaining briefly about the 'Noh Sakyriat', said that this is a ritual which is performed for 10 months by the Kñia of 30 Rynkaw and this is different from other villages.
The residents of Block I and II have strongly opposed this and till now Block I and II have not been returned to Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: U BJP Meghalaya President Rikman G Momin on Thursday said that the Citizenship (Amendment) Act (CAA) is a chapter that has been banned in Meghalaya because of the areas that are still under the jurisdiction. 6th or Sixth Schedule within the State, are exempt from the application of this Act.
Shillong, Nailar 06: U MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday inaugurated the office of Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital. MLA scheme at a cost of T.4.60 lakh.
Because we have not received the order under Article 34 passed by the Disciplinary Action Committee signed by three members.
Bah Bashan Mawrie of the Seng has expressed its dissatisfaction with the expenditure of Rs 50 lakh during the COVID-19 pandemic, while many of the people who are under quarantine in different villages, many of them have bought hi that is not at home.
Doctors and nurses have been shot dead at Apollo Hospital in Sarita Vihar, Delhi today after a patient, who was infected with covid-19, did not get the virus. The 62-year-old woman was brought to the hospital on Tuesday morning and admitted to the emergency room to wait for her to recover. However, she did not get an ICU room and died in the emergency room.
According to a total of 26 climbers in the area before the eruption, Indonesian authorities have been able to find only 14 of them, of which 3 At least 11 people have been killed and 11 others have died in landslides in the Indonesian mountains.
Kharkrang said that the curfew on this road will be from 7 am to 5 pm for these four days (17th-21st), and only passenger buses will be allowed. let go in these days.
For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.
This large number of machines, which are bad, has led experts to speak skeptically about these machines.
This road is about 20 km long and falls under the Mowkaiaw Constituency, but it has been filled with snow which has made it difficult for the people and motor vehicles to walk and stand during the day.
He said that the GHADC election depends on the decision of the state government when to hold it and it may take about 10 or 12 months to decide when to hold the GHADC election. Shillong: The Speaker of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed his regret over the allegation by Dr. Mukul Sangma that there is a smuggling of The coal mine is located in the Jaintia Hills.
And it is true that we will never lose our longtrai in our own country.
During the procession, the Niamtre faithful of the Sein Raij Tuber marched along the streets along with the sound of bombs and ksing and the Tangburi people dancing and cheering.
Shillong, July 20: The MDCs of the People Democratic Forum (PDF) of KHADC have decided to hold a flag raising ceremony on the 29th of this month at 11 am at the ground floor of the KHADC. They protested against the High Court order issued on the 13th of this month and also against the government's decision to ban government employees from becoming Rangbah Shnong.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 02 : Ardor Marbaniang, 17, son of Thrisfulness Marbaniang and Wanshemlin Nongbri, residents of Ladweitang village, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, has been arrested. Meghalaya has qualified for the North East Zone Inter State Badminton Championship 2022, which will be held soon in Agartala, Tripura this month. .
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KJBWA) today expressed its concern over the lack of beef from abroad.
Speaking on the appointment as the spokesperson of Malabar Gold & Diamonds, Alia expressed her gratitude for being appointed as the spokesperson of Malabar Gold & Diamonds. method.
Ferdinand Chyrmang, Jessica Kharbuki and Meghna D Sangma received the letters of appointment through the CM in the presence of government officials, police chiefs and relatives of these members.
The area should take advantage of the opportunity to become a trade hub including the export and export of goods for the development of the entire North East, he said.
The Minister said in the House that these posts range from Grade IV to the highest ranks.
The MDC said that this is a violation of the Model Code of Conduct.
Regarding the BJP candidate from Ranikor Constituency, Martin M. Danggo, who has been the Minister of Roads in the past years, Nitin Gadkari said that he is true. He and Danggo have had discussions in the past years on how to bring good roads in this area.
Samla Donbok Lang Khriam, Executive Member of KSU Mawlai Circle and Organizing Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle, has sent his resignation letter to the leading leaders of the KSU Central Body.
We are a people who deviate from the teachings of nature.
Earlier in those years 1970-72 or shortly before or shortly after those years, our people elected people with different colours.
The event will start from 10 pm to 1 pm today.
“This is on the grounds that the people love and respect Maheh HDR Lyngdoh because he has been their MLA many times and he has served them well,” said Dr Jemino.
Ernest said that as a party we want to see the state develop in all aspects and all this will be achieved if peace and stability is maintained in the state and the North East as a whole.
“I don't have anything to say but God bless you with a healthy body and a good income,” she said.
They cut down the trees and ate the trees as they pleased.
Seinbhalang Shkentalang FC beat Dongmihsngi Mupyut 1-0 in the first leg of the Super Division of the Amlarem Sub-Divisional Sports Association. Jainta District Sports Association (WJDSA), Jowai.
Dr. Manjunatha, C, IFS, Secretary, Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, said that this report was received on 30th October, 2023 and as part of the prevention, control and eradication of this disease, the The Governor of the State has declared Dalu and Asiragre villages as the new hotspots.
Secretary, SNSBH, Nongstoiñ: A truck (ML05 D 3400) has collided with a truck (ML05 D 3400) at around 5:00 PM this evening.
“I feel that before the state government can be challenged by an authority like the court, it needs to be ready to pass a law,” he said.
However, to set up their own businesses and stand on their own feet in order to improve income and livelihood.
Eastern West Khasi Hills is also the first district in the state to issue an order to curb the smuggling of illegal drugs. order to prohibit the sale of prizes exceeding 1 lakh tyngka and entry fees exceeding 100 tyngka per ryngwiang.
He said that during the investigation, it was found that the reason why the shiah sign cannot be erected on the border is because there is a social agreement between India and the United States. Bangladesh that both these countries cannot build any building or signboard within 150 yards, but more than 150 yards can do so, and that is why the work has stopped. That's why we can't put a sign on the Zero Line,” he said.
Therefore, the KHADC is only for the Khasi and this is clear from the case between Sharon and Prisibon in 1956 when the High Court said “the husband cannot accept the wife's wife”. .
Jowai, July 25: Members and leaders of the Synjuk Waheh Chnong Jowai as part of the celebration of the Republic Day today visited Nartiang village to celebrate and provide assistance to 14 victims. girls who were raised and cared for by the World Mission Children's Home (Girls) in Nartiang.
Ohiwot Laloo as the chief guest in his speech praised the management of the school for being one of the schools in the district which has trained Junior Red Cross since the past years and is also one of their units. Junior Red Cross is not available in the State.
He said that all the belongings of the FRSS have been destroyed, said Bah Mawthoh Manager of the FRSS. In another incident, two youths have been arrested in Ri-Bhoi yesterday. you night; They were identified as Johnyfast Lyngdoh, 22, and Mebanshuwa Kharphuli, 20, who were arrested near Umsning.
Gehlot is a close supporter of the Gandhi family, while Tharoor is one of the 23 members of the G-23 or Group of 23, the Congress leaders who They demanded a change in the working of the Congress Party.
Lakhon Larry Brown Khonglah came ninth with 548 marks.
He said that the KHADC has also given replies to the RTI which the Seng did not request by showing that the money was spent to build the markets of the Council.
The Pioneer He is a pioneer because he wants to close down his used park by filling it up and planting trees again in that area when it is full.
Meanwhile, Rymbai scored 10 goals through a substitute, Rimitre Lyngdoh who scored the first goal in the 55th minute.
The union has warned the owners of houses or private individuals not to accept foreigners to work in their jobs.
The meeting was led by the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh at the Directorate of Agriculture Office in Shillong.
The organizers of this group invite the people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills to support this comedy film which will be released in the coming months.
He said the reply he received from the Lamphang's office was that the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, has informed him that the CAG Report is currently under the scrutiny and review of the CAG Report. The Public Account Committee (PAC) is the usual method of submitting the CAG Report.
Meanwhile, the CUET will be held on the 12th July in Shillong or Guwahati (Geography on the second day) and the students are expected to write the NEHU examination on the following day, the 13th. and July.
Furthermore, it was learned that due to the insufficiency of the T.55 crore, the state government has sent another new allocation of T.69 crore. , for the completion of all these pending schools, but no reply has been received yet.
“Suddenly, the woman was guarded by an elderly man who used to give birth to a child who was at home but could not give birth herself because she could not wait for the nurses to arrive,” said Olenbat.
Flooding on the roads has caused loss of time to work, damage to property, time spent driving and traffic accidents.
There is a need to include the word Khasi Jaintia in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution so that the Khasi Jaintia people can get recognition even though the Khasi Jaintia are the largest minority in the North East. .
The parents admitted that it is very difficult for them to complete their homework because they have to help with the household chores because they have to go to the fields.
Khanduli is one of the oldest villages in Jaintia Hills which is about 57 kilometers from Jowai city in West Jaintia Hills District. , There has never been any border dispute, but since the Assam Government has started to cross the border into the area, the people have faced many problems, and the village leaders have not been able to run the village. .
Pynshngaiñ said that if the government does not listen to the reminder, the KHADC will have to follow the rules and regulations of the 6th Schedule, which can also go to court. If it doesn't succeed, we will have to look into the rules and regulations of the 6th Schedule to see what powers we the District Council have to do,” said the CEM. reporter in your office.
Ginalin Kurkalang, 33, of Upper Shillong, was admitted to Dr H. Gordon Roberts Hospital for breathlessness.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The State Police today conducted a training to know how quickly they can protect the public from the threat of bomb blasts.
The following is the quarterfinal schedule of the Subroto Cup:.
I cannot deny that in the last few years the Asha have taken to the streets to demand their rights”.
Shillong: Congress Leader Manuel Badwar on Tuesday said that it is a mistake for the people to protest and shout only during the elections and as soon as the elections are over, it disappears.
This comes after the player was defeated and ended her journey in this year's tournament by Indonesia's Putri Kusuma Wardani in three matches of the first round. they are not in the struggle alone.
Individuals or groups/organizations interested can collect the application forms from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat. Division and from the office of the Block Development Officer, Ranikor and Mawkyrwat on working days and hours and the closing date for submission of applications will be 31st June,
“I have requested information through RTI on the design of the DPR. I have requested information on the design fee, the height of the dome, the weight of the dome,” said the RTI applicant. When asked, he said that he has not received a reply from IIT Rookee for three days.
“Do you mean to tell me that the order issued in July was issued without authority, I mean they have just received approval,” he said.
It is a fact that these Kharmetor have been living in this area for many decades since the time of the ancestors of these people.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Nartiang Circle has arrested 46 foreigners working on roads and building houses in Murushai, Lumrot, Lumstong and Ksehrynshang villages. again on Friday.
In the U-14 women's category, St. John's Secondary School Jyntru and Little Blossom Secondary School won the men's category.
When giving a speech, you should go and speak together and all those who want to speak should speak.
Thus the time came for the Jews to get a Temple because they had lost the second Temple since 70 AD. Until now, it has been 1949 years since the Jews had no Temple.
The inspection was led by HYC Nongpoh Circle Assistant Secretary Jayson Lenex Nongrum, in the presence of HYC Nongpoh Circle Office Bearers, President Albert Nongrum, General Secretary Nevan Marbanniang. Finance Secretary Bah C.Mawrie and members of the party.
On this occasion, the two armies used artillery and warplanes and the fighting also took place in the Khartoum area which is densely paid and densely populated. More than 400 people have lost their lives in the fighting between the two groups and thousands have been injured in the incident.
An electricity consumer from Wagesik said, “We wonder what prompted them to stop sending notices to those who have not paid and cut off their distribution lines.
According to police, the incident happened in front of the gate of the Police Training School (PTS) at 9:45 pm.
“We strongly condemn the incident against children, women especially with the involvement of people who are leaders of the people,” said the President of the KSU. announced that he will contest the MLA election 2018 from this constituency.
Shullai said that the people of Khasi Jaintia have been very disappointed with the election of the incumbent Congress MP Vincent Pala because in the last three years in Parliament he has spent his time only in eating soh. cut.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the RBYF, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, congratulated the players of Saiden SS and it is the cooperation of the school authorities and the team that they have been able to reach the The goal is to lead the district to the state level of the Subroto Cup.
In connection with this incident, several people, who went to help the youth and who took him to the hospital at Byrnihat PHC and also informed the police of Byrnihat Outpost. .
They will have to repeal these absolutely horrible laws.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 22: In response to a complaint from the residents of Umroi area regarding the dumping of garbage by some Dhaba and Restaurants into the rivers in Umroi area, the FKJGP Umroi today. Circle, led by President Bah EW Warjri and members of the Circle, visited the Dhaba and Restaurants in the area.
“The village has no information to prove that these three persons have been involved in crimes in the past.
Jowai, March 26: The 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022, was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The party encourages him and all the MDCs to stand together and continue to speak out on the issues of the country and the nation.
He said that they are waiting for the return of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar from Dubai to complete the documents so that the proposal can be sent to the Central Government for the use of the project. amount.
He also coached Mumbai FC in the I-League for five years before joining Aizawl, later taking over as coach of East Bengal and Mohun Bagan.
And we continue to insist that the BJP contests alone in elections and does not need to cooperate with others.
Even the vehicles, they had to light up on that day, in the belief that these insects would escape by the power of the sound.
The program was also attended by the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, relatives of the deceased policemen, students of KJP Sepngi Higher Secondary School, Nongstoin and Rev. JJM Nichols. Roy Memorial Secondary School and the police force who paid tribute to these policemen who gave their lives in the midst of their duties in the year 2022-2
We proclaim that the country is in the “tmier ka riat”, but our vision and thought about the country is too far away and we cannot fall into the trap and look further.
For example, through the search for information on one MLA Scheme for the year 2019 to 2022, that is, 3 years in the process of implementation of one of the MLA Schemes under the C&RD Block Pynursla, The constituency falls under the jurisdiction of Bah Prestone Tynsong, MLA of Pynursla Constituency.
Silvi Passah, who was the first Khasi to teach Hindi and Bah Risingbor Kurkalang, who was the recipient of the Hindi teaching award, were also honoured at the function. Padmashree Awardee of Meghalaya.
Following the confession of Dinesh Gope, leader of the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) during the investigation, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in collaboration with the Jharkhand Police , have recovered a large number of explosives, ammunition and ammunition from three districts of Jharkhand.
“At present, this office has been very crowded and has affected the work of many.
“The state's participation in this tournament is an income generating opportunity for the selected players because even children under 14 years old earn at least Rs 2 lakh when they participate in this tournament. “The tournament will be paid by the BCCI,” he said, adding that the seniors will earn at least Rs 10-14 lakh per season if they play in this biggest cricket tournament in the country.
Shillong, July 5: Although the leaders of the HSPDP have told reporters that the party has now united, some of them have hidden their names. There has been a plan for some time to remove the President of the party, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, but they have not done anything right but have reduced the powers of his office as President. the way that he will rest and sleep and leave the work himself.
On the other hand, the organizers have clarified that this year there will be no public invitation as the participants will be only those who are involved in the rituals.
“On our part, we invite all the teachers and the people to come and support this protest to demand that the government should give us our rights,” said Babu Birbor Riangtem.
Shillong, Nailar 7: A few hours after the Shillong Police Training to provide the best protection in the event of a bomb blast, a real bomb blast incident has occurred in Shillong. Ri-Lum Garo Hills, where six policemen, who were on their way, were killed when a bomb exploded on the road at Nengkhra in Williamnagar East Garo Hills. The incident occurred at 8:30 pm this morning. The incident occurred at around 8:30 pm this morning.
Replying to a question on the reason why they don't agree even after the government has promised to repeal the Act through the Ordinance, Bah Donbok said that most of the time what the government says is wrong. only if they bring the law HITO can believe.
This parable reminds us of the intelligence of Bah Panbor who in that moment was able to recall the events that happened in the country.
Then we will climb steadily and finish at Maittilang Park, Laitmynsaw, Upper Shillong,” explained the father.
"Demand the Assam Government to hand over those accused and let the law of the country do its job," he said.
Speaking to media after submitting the petition, Samla Ribokstar Diengdoh said that the union demands from the DC to set up check gates and to count the number of people entering and leaving. In order to prevent any crime such as the shooting of a Khasi youth in Daiñthlen in the past few years and the attempted kidnapping of a youth by foreigners in this area. the month that passed.
MEPA has never expected such a statement from the HNLC. On this issue, MEPA in this meeting today decided to urge the HNLC to understand that the media does not The Meghalaya High Court has ordered that no curfew be issued by any group in accordance with the order of the Meghalaya High Court No.WP (C) No.127/2
The Congress MLA from Mylliem said that Meghalaya has a shortage of health facilities in many areas such as endocrinology, nephrology with dialysis unit, gastroenterology, plastic surgery, burns units and nuclear. science.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident and at the same time, they have stepped up security in the area to prevent the attempt of the robbers to disrupt the peace and order.
If you need to go to the Police Station in Nartiang, it takes time to contact the students who attend schools in Nartiang, Ummulong, Jowai and even Shillong. and other places which have to pass through this bumpy road, said these village leaders.
It is difficult to count the suffering of the chain eaters.
Distribution of data and resources through the Resource Centres/Knowledge Management Centers located in these areas.
At the same time, the program will also discuss how some countries in the world have tried their best to prevent the dumping of garbage into the sea and at the same time have banned the dumping of garbage into the sea. use plastics and other things that cause harm to the environment.
How do those activities affect the welfare of the RSS?
These are just examples to share with our fellow citizens how foreigners feel and talk about this system of ethnic cleansing.
Shillong, Lber, 20: Ahead of the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June, 2024, the United Democratic Party (UDP) has faced a challenge after the leaders of Ri Bhoi District They have decided to terminate their relationship with the party.
He recalled that many years ago the union had informed the government about the need for the hospital.
:The Miss Meghalaya Organization, under the auspices of the Meghalaya Youth Tourism Development Society, will once again hold the Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2023 pageant.
Regarding his election to the TMC, he said that it is a party that can bring in many development schemes for the benefit of the people of the state.
The Hero Sub Junior Girls National Football Championship 2023-24 (Tier 1) has come to an end after suffering a defeat.
Not only that, he said that in the house of Kwiskelda Lyngdoh Marshillong, no one dares to go even to the ground floor, because the children when they misplace their toys in the ground floor. , they never dare to take it again.
He said that in these areas there are beautiful places which can attract tourists, but if they don't know how to manage the surrounding areas such as the trees and shrubs. give the beauty and the clean air will be nothing.
Speaking on the government's assistance, the elders of the village said that there is an Anganwadi and an Anganwadi Helper who help the children in the village to encourage and explain as much as possible on many issues and to distribute food and body.
The school leaders have also been directed to check the time table of each day in order to ease the burden. The notification also contains other instructions which will be useful. but unfortunately after we went to ask the parents to monitor this issue, we found that the schools have not taken care or have not implemented this government mandate.
Dr Mukul said it is up to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to admit that he was wrong to hand over the tribal land to Assam.
China has started disinfecting all banknotes inside banks, as one of the ways to kill the spread of the coronavirus (Covid-1 19), which has now killed 1,666 people.
In the penalty shootout, France started to get inspired when Mbappe scored, but the Albiceleste drew 1-1
Meanwhile, NPP MDC from Mawphlang, Bah Lamphrang Blah, who is also the Chairman of KHADC, said, “On behalf of the party, we are ready to welcome Bah Kennedy Khyriem and her supporters on the 26th where party leaders will attend.
There are still many Meghalayans stranded in Vellore, Tamil Nadu who are also patients and their families...We request the Government of Meghalaya if possible to request a special flight from the Central Government for them. ki...I want to know why even those who live in Meghalaya in their own state want to come to the village but don't get it.
It is learned that the residents of the village have tried to help extinguish the fire, but as the fire has spread around the house, this attempt of the residents to help. The house and all the belongings were destroyed by the blaze.
Police have arrested them and the investigation is ongoing.
The flames which burned very strongly in a short time burnt down the church.
I stayed at home like everyone else and worried about my loved ones.
One Nation-One Tax GST, One Nation-One Grid, One Nation-One Mobility Card, One Nation-One Ration Card – all these reflect our strong and clear policies.
He met with a group of Hill Tribal Council, Kuki Students Organization, Kuki Chiefs Association, Tamil Sangam, Gorkha Samaj and Manipuri Muslim Council in Moreh.
In the final, Little Stars English Medium Sec School beat Rongsang A.Bagre Sec School (South West Garo Hills) 5-0 Kerbinson Marwein (13,22 min), Ebenezer Sun (36 min), Kishan Wahlang (52 min), Rishan Lyngkhoi (58 min).
According to Greek mythology, it is said that in ancient times, when the world was still righteous, people were righteous, clean, and free from disease.
He said that in fact the NEC had set a target to complete the project by March 2017, but it was not possible due to the delay in submitting the Detailed Project Report (DPR) and this has led to the delay in starting the project. This is according to the report submitted by the Chief Engineer of the Public Works Department (Roads) of the State on 4th November
Raghav Magotra (2/28) and Navin Kumar (2/31) took wickets and SCA (B) scored 141 runs in 27.1 overs for less than 30 runs.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has appointed the President of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon K Blah, to lead and talk to the government officials. you are talking peace.
Preparations for the opening of these markets have progressed well and the Ministry of Commerce and Industry has been handed over to the Government of India for the allocation of funds for these markets, said the Chief Minister. when answering questions in the House.
But when Jesus came He became the light of the world and the darkness disappeared because He was the day of righteousness and truth and He freed man from the bondage of sin and Satan.
The Minister also stressed that time is needed to discuss these issues with the groups and after they have reached an agreement, they can move forward with the work.
It has brought many benefits to many farmers, including those who grow rice, soybeans, pai, kwai, tympew, medicines, kynbat, shriew, rice and other crops.
So far, there are 20,000 foreigners who have been confirmed as mynder ri and they are in special places set up by the Assam government and they have been investigated by the Foreigners' Tribunals of the Assam government. this is the State.
Police from Demthring, Shillong on Thursday night arrested four drug traffickers including a woman from Demthring, Shillong. Heroin worth T 6 crore was also seized.
Even the Word of God clearly says, "My people have chosen kings but without consulting me, they have appointed leaders but without my consent.
He said that the International Film Festival will be held again next year but they have to watch all the months that have passed because last time it was held in October due to the postponement from November. .
That Raidmynsaw came from the ancient Nongmynsaw and the Nongmynsaw kingdom has now become the Raidmynsaw.
At the same time, u Bah Pangñiang said that as of now, the people of the area want the construction of this road to be faster and somehow within this The year should be completed so that the people can escape from the problems of transportation.
Since joining, Laporte has made 180 appearances for City, scoring 12 goals.
Kalita works at the Dispur police station.
He was speaking after Voice of the People Party (VPP) leader Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit rejected the government's offer to speak but decided to continue the strike. without limitation to request a review of the Reservation Policy.
Information through social media, many facts are covered by the information sources.
Before going to the crowd, there was a meeting at Mihmyntdu Square.
The finals will be played in two legs (leg 1 and leg 2) at home and away.
In Sohiong constituency, there were 28,732 voters, 25,993 voters turned out, which is 90.47%.
Manhok Suchiang scored the first goal of the match.
Therefore, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council means that it is the body that governs and governs the Khasi areas and also the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council means that it is the body that governs the Khasi areas. to Jaintia.
On the other hand, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that as the leader of the area, he is happy after the government has listened to his request to paint the road. the most important road of the people.
“I am very happy that I have been able to bring this to the notice of the CM, allow him to go through, allow him to consider and I will give advice, and advice through the Speaker we will have to make sure that we finalize the relationships with these people.
This incident has prompted the NEPMU to allege that the police have overreacted to the drivers of fuel trucks even those who are standing at the Dhabas and sent a complaint to the Government.
They also have a major role to play in shaping the future of Meghalaya.
It was in 86 B.C that King Nebuchadnezzar came to Jerusalem and burned the Temple and plundered it, and took the Israelites captive to Babylon.
The police took a report and after that they ordered to take the other house whose members were involved in the crime.
Meanwhile, the President of the Union, Bah Kitbok Syiemlieh, said that the union feels that this scheme has expired but the question is whether the new schemes as promised by the government will be implemented.
In a statement issued by the General Secretary of the KSU, the four organizations also invited all the people who have responsibility for the Inner Line Permit in the state to join hands. and the parties shall not hold public meetings outside the State Legislative Assembly.
The damage to these vehicles was severe, and it was seen that they had been thrown into the well, which was covered with mawit.
On the other hand, the village officials of Mukroh and other neighboring villages have also decided to cooperate in any incident and to demand that the government should strongly demand the arrest of these policemen. Assam and to immediately return this Elaka to the border of Meghalaya so that they will not suffer such a disaster in the future.
On the fourth day of the Behdeiñkhlam festival – which is held annually by the Seiñraij Jowai to pray to the Creator to bless us to get rid of the disease and to get the food. kba, to replenish the thiar and to drive away the evil from the society has come to an end on Sunday at Aitnar.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Bah Mayborn Syiem said, “Dr DD Lapang is my leader, he has led me as I am now. Congress and joining the UDP is the decision of the people and not a personal decision”.
Speaking to Rupang, the pastor of Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church, Pastor Kharmawphlang, said that as part of working with the government to curb the spread of the corona virus, the committee of the Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church has decided to It was decided to suspend the service for a while.
“After the complaints from the residents, the CEC has been able to advise the former Government on what should be done.
The Minister said the state government has created 2.3 lakh jobs in the last three years alone and plans to create another 1 lakh jobs in the next 10 years.
The government expects that the festival will attract more than 10 lakh international tourists to the state to witness and take part in the festival.
Ban will contest the upcoming MDC election from the UDP from Pynthorumkhrah constituency.
Jesus lived and preached the Gospel of love to all mankind and this Gospel includes the fundamental principles of righteousness, truth, equality, justice, peace and happiness.
The soul is not allowed after the “crown”.
Look at the Khasi-Jaintia people, do you have anyone who is educated like these two? Consider first the participation in the legislature.
A meaningful and safe conversation about taking one’s own life will be able to clarify that it’s okay to talk about it.
Thlen said; “What good is it to plant if you don't plant this tree, which is so big and stupid, without shape or fruit, this tree will cover your crops, that it won't be sunny anymore,” said Sormoh Sorphin.
When it comes to traveling from Mawïet, Nongdom, Mawkynbat, Mawsngapwir and other villages, if this road can be connected, it will make it very easy as it is very close to Nongstoin.
Shillong: After finding the head of a man who fell into a ditch on the road at Oakland Biver Road, Shillong on the 22nd and 23rd of this month, police have found the body of a man. people are not in that place.
The two most seriously injured were Bah Barnabas Lyngdoh who was stabbed in the face after being tied, bombed and stabbed in an attempt to protect himself along with Samla Sildron. Mukhim, who was bombed in parts of his face, was also injured.
This is according to a statement sent after an emergency meeting of the Executive Committee of the UDP Sohiong Circle. Circle.
The house has been closed since 19th July
Shillong, Nailar 05: U Justice T Vaiphei on Tuesday visited the District Jail and Correctional Home in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills.
For example, instead of having to spend Rs 100 to buy food, they will have to work harder to add Rs 100 due to the increase in prices on food items.
All three goals were scored by Robert Khongjoh (23, 60, 66) to help Ehrngiew win the title.
The seized liquor includes hundreds of liters of Indian made foreign liquor.
The UDA MDCs have now decided to meet the Governor as soon as he comes to Shillong to show their support.
Nongpoh: The leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, today held an emergency meeting at Nongthymmai Umsning, to congratulate and thank the state government and especially the Conrad K. Sangma, for taking care of the Patharkhmah. Civil Sub-division, which is one of the main demands of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar.
Therefore, the time is necessary for the government and the MSOA not to count on dewthala or show such methods of working in the past, because we must not forget that behind the scenes Of all these activities, a large allocation of not less than T.2 crore has been allocated for the implementation of this event.
They have sent a letter to the Inspector of Legal Metrology after receiving a complaint that many of the shopkeepers have been cheated by the shopkeepers while buying goods from the shops including jhur ki jhep. in this market.
Various speakers including VA Hynniewta ADC Ribhoi, PL Nonglait, DSEO Ribhoi District, Bah W Radu, Principal, gave speeches and training to the students on the dangers of drugs. RBP Hr.Sec.School, and others who stressed on the need to eradicate drugs and youths should not touch and fall but to try to eradicate and teach other youths who try not to drink alcoholic beverages.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul said, “Today we have released the second grant of T.15.65 lakh, which is higher than the previous grant. The first T.6 lakh was released in November last year on the anti-drug campaign of MTD and also for the purpose of providing assistance to about 30 youths who are addicted to drugs. drugs so that they can get rid of this terrible drink.
On the other hand, these three organizations demanded that the state government should immediately remove such illegal gates.
It is learned that the MPCC has decided to hand over the ticket to Bah George Lyngdoh from Umroi and according to reports, he has already applied for the ticket from the party.
Of these 134 cases, in East Khasi Hills, 85 cases include 10 cases from the Armed Forces, 40 cases from high risk contacts, 3 cases from police, 3 cases from abroad, 9 cases from Home Guard. one from Bishnapur cluster, 6 cases from Jaiaw cluster, 6 cases from Jail Road cluster, 6 cases from Madanryting cluster, one from Mawlai Mawroh cluster, one from Mawlai Motsyiar cluster, one from Mawlai Nongpdeng cluster, one from Mawprem cluster and one from Nongmynsong and one of the Rilbong clusters.
“In order to get the land titles from the Dorbar Shnong, the people have to pay money to the Rangbah Shnong and the Executive Committee.
Saindur Mihmyntdu tried many attempts to turn the tide in the 74th minute through Damon Rymbai (74) and within two minutes they managed to score. school through Azariah Lamare (76).
According to Jyrwa, the residents of these villages have faced difficulties during the curfew in Assam.
After receiving the national award for the first time, Romi said on the second day of the festival that it has reminded him of the bloodshed in Manipur. , it made him unreasonable to celebrate.
“I don't want to talk about the wishes of other political parties, but what I want is that I and the PDF party have decided that while there are no political parties, The protection of the people has not yet been achieved by bringing the railway to the state.
The MLA of the North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has expressed his satisfaction after the MPSC has issued another announcement regarding the Meghalaya Civil Service. (MCS) will continue in terms of the Roster System.
The incident happened at Pathordaro village under Phatharkhmah Police Outpost in Ri Bhoi district. The victim was identified as Regina Marbaniang.
And that affects even the rule of law in the country and the nation, and the Hima and so on.
Nongstoiñ, November 6: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today visited Riangdo to lay the foundation stone of the completed and unconstructed roads under the Mawshynrut PWD Division.
On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh UDP, complained that the police are not present on the main roads of the city after 8 pm. They are always there all day long, but they are the policemen who walk or the flying squad.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has decided to develop these oxygen plants within 3 to 4 months in order to provide health facilities from the need for beds or the need for oxygen.
Progress comes from governance that protects the rights of citizens without discrimination.
Regarding this, the union leaders have immediately informed the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District by submitting a petition to take action on this matter.
NHIDCL has already handed over to other contractors and they have started bringing in the machinery and the work will resume soon,” he said.
Three times, they (EC) have not accepted this proposal, so we have left the dorbar,” he said.
Speaking to media, Abhishek said his main goal is for the AITC to become stronger as a political party in 10 states including the North East.
On the other hand, various Khasi Pnar Sengbhalang and especially the Khasi Pnar community in Iawmusiang, have strongly condemned the President of the Sengbhalang for trying to shed the blood of his fellow citizens by not owning the shop. Muslim.
“Later we learned that this book is only Non Judicial for T.
Distribute pigs before the elections until even the pigs of their own country die.
Thus she lived and flourished in the fourth century and at the age of 95 she fell ill and died.
"It's 12 o'clock in the morning," said the father. "Yes, Father, I'll wait.
There is no denying the fact that the law to keep the Sabbath was not commanded by God.
They also urged all the participants to make the most of their talents and to work harder to win the title until the final of the tournament.
Rupang: Do you mean that the police have come here too? Joe Marweiñ: Here too, they have come in every time to bring those arrests. warrant.
They complained that if we talk about the independence of the ADCs, we don't see anywhere because the state government runs as it pleases as the government is stronger than the ADCs. “Why do we ask for ILP when we have the sixth category, instead of protecting it, it prevents the arrival of tourists, and even with the sixth category, illegal mining is still going well.
Clear clear iu public.
The party stands on the ground that if the government cannot provide the necessary security measures to the people, it will continue to oppose this.
Therefore, in order to stay healthy, we all need to learn to eat good food that does not harm the body.
On the other hand, the President of the Dohsniang Sellers Association said that in fact they have already met with the officer in charge of the meat and she has explained that there is no danger of eating the meat if it is cooked properly.
There have been many misuses of this scheme which the government should look into and take action before it becomes a scheme like PMGSY. The government has set a target to improve education. Many youths and families in the State have not been able to leave the State to seek education and treatment at reputed hospitals. across the country.
The relief efforts started at about 1:30 pm.
Both of them do not have a Secretary or an Executive Dorbar of Raid Mawshuit because they do not hold a Dorbar.
Luti Tuber WS scored the first goal of the match in the 48th minute.
This is the road from Amlarem to Dawki.
The HNLC, through its spokesperson, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that it urges the people to cooperate, as the HNLC is against violence. of the National Green Tribunal (NGT), as it affects the livelihood of lakhs of residents in the State.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has called a 12-hour curfew in Khasi and Jaintia Hills from 5 pm to 5 pm on Tuesday.
CLEANUP OF THE VILLAGE, ROADS:-While the Dorbar Shnong, Municipal, Sengs are fighting to clean up the village, the roads, the people are still throwing garbage, everyone wants to visit or stay in Mawlynnong without counting the cost of living but no one comes from this clean place who wants the village to be clean, almost all the villages have set up or prepared There are no people who want to store or use them and you can see at the bottom or around the tins of papers, cigarettes lyngkhot and snep jingpruid while the tin niut ( Dustbin) I've seen many plastic bags or garbage by turning my face away while the hand of the garbage can falls somewhere and sometimes it's people walking by. stand also.
In the past few days, the government has issued various orders which have increasingly confused the people.
For this reason, it has become known as one of the cleanest villages in India.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of the Village, Rishot Rymbai. Speaking at the meeting, HYC Nickson Dohling said that the HYC demands that the government should commemorate these two men by declaring a public holiday every year in East Jaintia Hills District.
This part of choosing is extremely important.
Bindo said he had sent the letter to the President and General Secretary.
Roshan said the investigation is ongoing and the government will take the necessary action after the investigation.
The Meghalaya football team has won their first match at the Khelo India Youth Games.
“We strongly oppose this amendment, the law says that farmers no longer have the right to interfere with the land they own, even when I speak to you I have to ask your permission, how can it? to be that the farmers, whose land is their mother, have been sent to give somewhere without their will,” said Ramesh.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Dorbar of Chiefs of Staff led by Bah John F Kharshiing, today submitted a petition to the Union Minister in charge of the North East, Kirren Rijiju, Minister of State for Home Affairs. , at his office in North Block, New Delhi, in connection with the Articles of Agreement dated 17th July 1948, approved and signed by the Government of India and the twenty-five Hima Khasi States.
Badhok Nongmalieh said that all the hard work to revive the Congress Party in the Constituency has turned into worthlessness in the eyes of the Congress leaders in the state. .
Last year, the family failed to register themselves in the National Register of Citizens and the NRC report showed that they were not valid voters because they did not vote. you can vote too.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall, Umran Dairy Village where the women of Umran Dairy Village came out to discuss this issue. Badari Mawlong as Secretary and other leaders of the Longkmie Party.
In East Khasi Hills District, out of 236 cases, 182 cases are from BSF, 2 cases from Air Force and 52 cases from civilians.
Speaking on the website, Kulbir said that the department had planned to conduct the training earlier but it was canceled due to the ILP protest as many of the staff of the department had to provide assistance. to be with the police.
Shillong: Mawlai MDC Teibor Pathaw on Tuesday said that many poor households in Mawlai especially Umthlong and others have spent their bills just to buy water due to the shortage of water.
Summersalt's uniqueness is based on their songs, which have a message to the nation in traditional melodies, in harmony with the musical styles of the whole world.
“However, when I received the letter (from the HPC) today, I don't have anything to say now, because on the part of the Government, as I said we will submit the affidavit to the court, " he said.
“However, Meghalaya has faced difficulties in growing rapidly due to corruption and other reasons.
Bhanusib said that once he received the information, he informed the OC of Mawsynram by phone but as he could not reach on time, he informed the SP (Crime) Mawsynram Police arrived at the scene at 1 pm, while Shillong Police together with the Magistrates arrived at 4 pm. 30 pm.
Once again, the Government of Meghalaya has denied itself and said that it has not worked until it has been approved by the Government of India in Delhi.
Three goals were scored by E. Kharkongor (27.45 minutes) and A. Kharkongor (49 minutes).
Another group of SSA teachers, the Meghalaya SSA School Association, has warned its members not to take part in the strike. There are 12,541 people.
It is worth mentioning that besides this youth, many other youths and political parties have promised to go on hunger strike at the site and there has also been a threat from the dorbar. village to clean up the area.
Because the SOP is not clear on the term “non-land owner applicants”.
Sillongong, Jymmang 30: A video has been circulating on social media this morning, in which a man has been arrested for allegedly stealing an unidentified vehicle. He was wearing a Shillong Traffic jacket and was wearing a Shillong Traffic jacket.
Therefore, for patients like Kong Bibidaris who are from the most remote parts of the state, the teleconsultation has proved to be a great blessing because not only do the people not spend anything but they don't even have to go. They are far from getting all the treatment in hospitals and they also have the opportunity to talk to doctor specialists.
Besides, the praise also goes to the Election Department for taking the initiative to explain and explain to the people the importance of the election and their vote.
This was announced by Minister K. Langstieh together with Minister MB Kharlukhi at a meeting between the Hima Mylliem and the farmers in the presence of the President of the Farmers Commander Shangpliang.
The incident occurred after the scooty (ML05 AB 5721) driven by Khrawbor Pakma of Mynso village, West Jaintia Hills with his friend collided with another vehicle. David Sajem, 25, of Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills, was on his way to Umiam when the incident occurred.
Ampareen's father, Peter G Marbaniang, has been an MP to the Lok Sabha for two terms and the NPP has decided to give her a ticket, as she is a family that has served the people since her father. year.
“The Government has worked hard to introduce various programs to promote sports in the state to produce talented athletes who can bring glory to the state. “It is difficult for the players to win medals for the state,” said Bah Shakliar.
Shillong: Rapido motorcycles have started operating in Shillong today.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Teibor said, “I have a heart that loves the people of Mawlai, even if I lose, I don't lose hope. give me confidence this time and it is my love for the people that has led me to contest every election".
The staff of the PHC, said that they are facing some problems in terms of medicines, as there are many patients who come to get medicines, while the medicines are scarce.
However, we have decided that each Police Station should appoint an Officer to look after the arrested persons and also to provide information about them.
On the other hand, Basan said that if we don't know the origin and the truth, we will never be able to resolve the border issue.
He said that revenue collection has now increased to 20 percent and in the current fiscal year, we plan to increase to 25 percent.
Besides, he said that the damsite is filled with water in July and starts to dry up in early June.
The report states that the amount spent on these 103 projects has amounted to Rs 841.85 crore.
Up to 450 athletes from different states of the country including Meghalaya have participated in the tournament which will end on the 25th including 38 teams for men and 35 teams for women. who shall knieh the last name.
Unfortunately for those who are outside the country where they have to face many problems.
With the aim of empowering farmers and promoting agricultural development, initiatives under the program strive to facilitate access to agricultural inputs, knowledge and livelihood-enhancing services of farmers and promotes the economic growth of the country.
“The current Executive Committee is extremely corrupt and we demand a CBI investigation and at the same time we have lodged a complaint with the High Court to bring about transparency in the management of the council,” he said. said Bah Mawrie during his first visit to West Jaintia Hills on Thursday.
Furthermore, the group has requested the government to register these ethnic groups who have come to live temporarily in the state, so that when there is no conflict or bloodshed in the state. If the state of Manipur has become peaceful, these communities will be able to return to their villages or states.
The Chairman of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited ( Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited ) said that the demand for electricity is 200 million units while the supply of electricity is only 88 million units. , is from the Tripura power plant.
The 2nd NTPC National Ranking Archery Tournament (NRAT) 2023 for Seniors will start from 26th to 27th October 2023 with the participation of Indian archers.
“After I took over, I found that there is a shortage of staff in the agriculture department and for this reason I have taken the initiative to follow up and invite applications for the posts. young men in these light works.
Admitting that as a human being you may have mistakes here and there but this promise of the HNLC has strengthened your spirit to serve better with the belief that in your service, God will be with you. don't protect him.
On the day that Jesus entered Jerusalem, the crowds were filled with joy and shouted “Hosanna Hosanna”, but only four days later many of them were the same crowd shouting “Hosanna Hosanna”. " you mean "Cross Cross"
He also donated Rs 10 lakh to the Sieng Riti Institute for this purpose.
The Urban Affairs Department has requested more space from the Revenue Department and the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has requested more space for the quarter.
ngit-ly-ngit : which cannot be spoken is too much or too little.
White House Chief of Staff John Kirby on Monday said the United States expresses its concern to the Cuban government over Cuba's handling of China's intelligence activities within the border. you're right.
There is no other name that can forgive a great sinner except the name 'Jesus', Jesus who died and rose again.
Shillong: The National Secretary and Mayor of Ranchi, Asha Lakra, on Tuesday said that the central government will investigate and judge any state that has failed to implement the development schemes of the government. middle.
The Project Assistant, AHANA said that there will be 3 people or tracers who will be trained by MSNP+ to protect the names of those living with HIV. The number of people living with HIV and those who have stopped treatment has reached 1048 as of July
He said that the State Government has been able to resolve this issue and except for a few problems, about 99 out of 100 students of the State have been able to return to Meghalaya.
It was directed by Khasi actor Albert Mawrie for the film Ïewduh.
These five men went together to each other.
The funeral service for Bah Lam will be held on the 24th at 2 pm at the Catholic Cemetery.
Bad things can happen if you close your shop at 10 pm or 10 pm or if you close all your shirts.
“It is an insult to the MCCL employees,” said the residents of the area. In this regard, the victims informed Bah Titos W Chyne. , CEM of KHADC who is also MDC of Sohra Constituency, to speak and urge the Government not to insult the employees of MCCL which affects even the education of the children of the employees of this factory.
Argentina, the strongest country in basketball, is shocked and unexpected to lose its place in this year's FIBA ​​World Cup. Cup and it was also the first time since 1982; The team lost 79-75 to the Dominican Republic in the first leg of the tournament.
They were taken to Ulukunchi Outpost under Boithalangso PS in West Karbi Anglong District.
Mt.7:21 – 23: “Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven...Many shall say unto me in that day, 'Lord Lord, have we not proclaimed Your name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.
Shillong Lajong Head Coach Bobby L Nongbet said that his team is ready for the match against Churchill Brothers. It will also be a very interesting game as both the teams are equally strong.
According to the Assam Rifles, one CMG, four hand grenades, four Chinese-made hand grenades, one Stun and Tear Grenade, one 09 mm pistol, one seven pistols, seven shotgun shells, an unexploded bomb and an SLR launching tube were seized from Thoubal district of Manipur on November
He said that those who wish to apply for subsidy or loan from banks can come to the office of NABARD.
SS Ryngkhlem President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills, President of KSU NEHU Unit and General Secretary of KSU Khliehriat Circle Cherity D. Suja and several members of the KSU were also present. She said that the meeting was fruitful and the DC promised to look after these families by providing and providing assistance especially food items and also to look after those families in the villages who have been more vulnerable. affected badly.
On the other hand, Kong Deisy said that the company has taken over the land which is a quarry for the purpose of quarrying and has received the approval from the Rangbah Shnong Nongblai. don't have any complaints about this quarry.
However, once you think about why we don't have the ownership of our country, why doesn't the NGT have any knowledge of our country? Your desire is too much for yourself and for the present.
Speaking on the implementation of the new Criminal Procedure Act, Prime Minister Duh said that this is a major change in the legal system.
Spring has come – this is the happiest and sweetest of all the four seasons.
The district authorities have imposed a fine of T.1 lakh on the Rongram Bazaar Committee.
Prestone urged the public to come forward and inform the law enforcement authorities if they have any suspicions of drug traffickers.
The Meghalaya Jeet Kune Do Association has congratulated and encouraged these four youngsters to take part in Sri Lanka so that they can bring glory to their families. , the state and the country as a whole.
Since the first elections, AIR through its activities and reach has been a source of information for people across the country.
Shillong, November 22: Geeta Marbaniang, 48, has burnt herself to death at her residence in Bishnupur, Shillong.
Brook won the second award after his performance and beating New Zealand in the Test match, where he became only the second player. to achieve the goal in two programs along with Pakistan captain Babar Azam.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit, after receiving a complaint from Larnai village, visited the school on Thursday.
Acting President, Vice President, Barkos Warjri, Sunshine Warjri (General Secretary) and other Rangbah Kur Shnat have spoken at the meeting. The offices of Pyndeng, Nongbri and Manai.
After this, there was also an Aadhaar registration for those residents who do not have Aadhaar Card in the area.
Moonlight Pariat, President of the UDP, Jaintia Hills District, has strongly criticized the MLA of the constituency, Stephanson Mukhim, who appointed the IND candidate, Lotsingh Lakuna after he resigned as MDC of the constituency. .
On the day of the Prime Minister's visit, there was a restriction on the traffic.
So let us read, let us ask and let us fight.
These seven main issues are the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule, the relocation of the CRPF from Mawlai, the removal of Marten from Mawlai, the relocation of Kharmetor from Mawlong Market and the problems faced by the teachers and having to protest from time to time.
He said that many residents of Dadenggre have complained that whenever they go to the Fishery office for jobs or to seek assistance for various fishery schemes, they have to leave. no because the office is empty.
Nongpoh: The Lok Sabha MP, Ma Vincent Pala, today inaugurated the Dorbar Hall in Mawtari Myrdon. Mawtari Myrdon is one of the villages in Ribhoi which has started to grow rapidly in terms of development.
In the year 2013, July T.17.91 lakh, June T.25.61 lakh, October T.23.65 lakh, June T.29.46 lakh, June T.34.24 lakh, July T.30.02 lakh, June T.33.92 lakh, April T.2 lakh lakh, Nailur T.20.61 lakh, Risaw T.28.95 lakh, Naiwieng T.26.52 lakh, Nohprah T.31.17 lakh.
He called on the people to cooperate and support him so that he can reach the goal of victory so that he can fulfill the tasks left by his father.
According to him, earlier when the KHADC had not taken over the forest and also when it was taking over for several years, he had to release more and more water. He said that after the heavy felling of trees in the forest and the forest has collapsed, he said that the rice fields have been destroyed and have to be watered to survive. that kba.
When the French government handed over the rule of India to the Indians, Wickliff refused to join India.
Italy's death toll was highest on Tuesday, with 919 deaths, while on Saturday, 889 people died.
There are also those who say that it is no longer just Switzerland of India, but Paradise on Earth.
Sohra: The Hima Sohra has received 29,182 tyngka per annum from the Mawmluh Cement Limited (MCCL) factory. factory, has affected the people of Sohra area.
Likewise, the Dorbar Shnong who was with them on that day shows their courage and is also a good example for our country who have set an example like Phan Nonglait who was a fighter against the invaders in the past who wanted to violate our rights.
Doctors say that this is the biggest baby ever born in the state.
I don't want to take all the capital to Tura, because Shillong will be the new capital of Hynniewtrep State.
In the meeting with the Hima/Sirdar authorities, the union learned that the government through the BDOs of Nongstoin C&RD Block have issued a letter regarding the villages on the border while the BDO of Mawshynrut The C&RD Block has sent a message to them to provide the necessary documents, while the KHADC has ordered the same.
She said that the lack of cooperation of the people on the curfew shows that there is no longer a spirit of compassion and no longer the unity of the jaidbynriew and how can we do, she said.
Their behavior shocked and shocked the other vehicles following them.
“We would like to give an example of the Act and Rule enacted by the District Council in accordance with the Act. 2007,” said Mr. Kharshiing.
“There are also those who call for a give and take policy to avoid conflict. This does not stand because even the Boundary Line of the Assam Reorganization (Meghalaya) Act should be implemented. 1969 we don't know yet.
It is from this that the calendar of the ancient Khasi came into being, based on the shat of the days and the cycle of the moon, which gives us three months in a year.
“We have searched at Damsite but have not found anything,” she said.
During the rainy season, when it rains heavily, it flows into Bangladesh.
The doors of the house were burnt down and the electrical wires were burnt down as they were all lying on the ground.
Until the end of both halves of the match, no team had a chance to score, so in order to decide the winner and loser, the organizers of the tournament, Makason FC beat Umsohbnong FC 4-2 to win the title in the tie breaker of the tournament organized by the KSU. Shillong: Ka Nongrim Hills beat Nongkrem FC 2-1 in the 1st Division of the SAA on Thursday at Polo Ground, Shillong.
"Ange is mentally strong and willing to recruit talented players up front," Spurs chairman Daniel Levy said in a statement.
One of them is from Khanapara in Ri Bhoi District.
Besides, the President of the party said that there are about 8 MLAs from other parties who intend to join the party in the near future.
In his speech, Conrad said he had already spoken to scientists and they had already explained that the ice sheets around the Arctic would become waterlogged. soon and the road related to going, coming to carry goods, will be affected.
The ED and CBI have sent many letters but that will not stop them from fighting for the people.
Deibor (29 minutes), Premrose (39 minutes) and Kynsai (59 minutes) scored the goals for Kynjai Para while Kevin (40 minutes) and Tremiki scored the goals for Rishot. (42 minutes).
“I feel he should accept the report because criticism against the report also means criticism against the person in charge of the investigation,” James said.
Shillong, July 31 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday welcomed the three leading leaders of the HSPDP Mawkynrew who have decided to join hands with the National People's Party (NPP). NPP in preparation for the upcoming MLA elections.
It will then continue from 7 pm on October 1 to 7 pm on October 2, 2023.
It is highly suspected that the blockade of the fire truck was done by the robbers to delay the vehicles from reaching the scene of the fire.
The EKHCA will continue the program on the 19th of July at Pynursla from 9 pm.
Andrew said that the union is ready to travel around the districts of the state to encourage other friends and especially the children to come forward and start playing chess. play squash.
At San Quentin Prison, outside San Francisco, out of 3,300 prisoners, about half have tested positive for the virus.
Another 50 Taliban militants were shot dead and 20 arrested in Afghanistan's Fajr district.
Note : This Article was also published in 2018.
May God bless you amen.
At this meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, launched for the first time the letter of Sir Akbar Hydari, Governor of Assam to Shri. Jawaharlal Nehru, who spoke about the IOA & AA, which was also the Standstill Agreement signed with the Federation of Khasi States, on 16 July 1947, which stipulated that it would last only for two years; he also presented the IOA & AA of 9th August 1947 and the IOA & AA of 17th August 1948 which was approved by the Government of India but which removed the words AR SNEM.
She gave the example of the Ganesh Das Hospital, where the husband who visits the mother to give birth is not allowed to sit or wait in the room, but he has to wait outside without a cover.
Wallam Nongkhlaw scored the first goal for Jongngi FC in the 8th minute of the first half. Jongngi has won the title of champion in this tournament.
Regarding the increase in the price of petrol, some passengers said that in the last two years that the government has imposed a curfew to prevent the spread of covid 19, they have not felt anything. ei, because the food items sent by the government have also arrived.
Regarding this issue, he said that he is very determined to complete this road.
In Kynshi, the storm has affected not only the houses but also the traffic of vehicles heading to Nongstoiñ and Shillong.
This announcement by the Prime Minister has surprised many despite the thought that he will appoint another minister in place of Kong Warjri.
“Once it has been given, it cannot be taken back, the lack of records of the Hima Mylliem we cannot complain about, it is their duty to improve. “We can't even argue where they put the money – we can't argue about that,” he said.
The incident happened this morning at Dobasipara village near Tura. The father of the child allegedly raped her while the mother of the child was admitted to the Civil Hospital Tura.
After Meghalaya scored 826 runs, Sikkim in the first innings managed to score only 219 runs.
The IGP of Meghalaya, Rajiv Mehta, appeared at the hearing and requested that the media should refrain from publishing news published by the HNLC or any other party. which may affect public safety.
Speaking at the ticket launch, Ma Brightsar congratulated the Dorbar Chnong for being able to market the tickets well so that the aspirations and good intentions of the village will be successful.
“According to the information I have, the people who were arrested by the Police from the resort on the evening of May 22, 2022 were the tenants of the house.
“At present, goods coming from other states have to pass through many illegal tax collection gates in different states, so the owners have to increase the price. “Besides the cost of goods, we have to pay at these gates,” said Bah Mayralborn.
CSA United will play against Wahiajer FC at 2 pm tomorrow.
Police have arrested a man from the same village and the investigation is ongoing. ahead.
To make this calculation easier, remember that if the cow comes in the morning, it should be given in the evening and if the cow comes in the evening, it should be given in the morning. .
Conversion to other faiths, whether Christian, Muslim, Hindu or Buddhist, is the free will of the individual, but the origin is not Hinduism as Mahon Bhagwat claimed.
Sohniangriang can also be suitable for eating.
“We cannot accept that there are only 1264 foreigners trading in Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was conducted by Teras Dkhar and was delivered by Shaniahskhem Dkhar and Vice President of the Dkhar Circle. Secretary to the Chief Minister and others.
Runners from all over India came to take part in the marathon.
The leader of an armed gang has committed suicide by hanging himself on Thursday morning inside the jail at Khanapara police station.
Late Suck Ma Fight.
JOWAI: The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has appointed two MDCs who have defected from the Congress and joined the National People's Party (NPP) as Chairman.
The elderly man died in hospital after being hit by 20 stones and sustained serious injuries to his head and neck.
He spent his time with children from NGOs and Vi staff to encourage everyone for this World Record.
On the other hand, the two organizations had planned to take these vehicles to Ladrymbai Police Outpost but they requested the leaders of the two organizations to forgive them as they had nothing to do with the smuggling of these Supari from Bangladesh. They carry these goods only for the purpose of earning a living and to provide for their families.
Otherwise you cannot enter the kingdom of God.
They believe that it is because of their backwardness that they have not been able to take advantage of the SRP in the past 51 years.
Solomon Mangte scored in the 5th, 24th, 37th and 74th minutes, Aenam Jyrwa in the 32nd, Donboklang Lyngdoh in the 12th and 34th minutes and Habymmutshuh Nongrum in the 56th minute from the penalty spot.
The KSU said that the transformer has been missing since 6th July.
NEROCA FC from Manipur has moved up 10 points in the table after three matches, while NEROCA FC has lost twice in Sreenidi. Deccan and Gokulam Kerala.
The High Court, taking into consideration the report submitted before it, has issued an order on 27th July 2023 to conduct an inquiry to find out the people involved in these illegal coal mining and trade activities. and what the authorities in charge of khadar administration do, especially the police.
While the army and police were in the middle of the raid, the militants suddenly opened fire from hidden places and the exchange of fire lasted for some time and in the fighting, two militants were killed. said Inspector General of Police GHP Raju while talking to reporters.
He said that in his opinion, it would not be possible for the government to immediately drop or end all the cases against the leaders and members of this group.
Through the search gates of NG Bah T. Bah Monarch Shabong Bah Gilbert Nongkynrih, one of the greatest Khasi singers, has passed away. Elmolin, Son of the Poor, My Father, In the Light of Love and many others.
In this article I take the opportunity to express what I have prepared to present in the Legislative Assembly, in the hope that this understanding of my Reservation Policy will be of benefit to others who wish to know more about it. You are in the roster system.
The Secretarty Committee was appointed Kong A.Nonghuluo.
On Saturday, Malki SC with 4 points will play against Langsning FC with 14 points at 4 pm.
Regarding the reservation policy, he said it has been said from time to time that it is unfair.
The United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs estimates that in 2010, the world's population reached 6.919 billion.
The ceremony was attended by the Raid Sordars of Riwar area and the residents of Raid Mawlam.
The meeting elected a new Chairman of the group after the sudden death of its Chairman, Bah Midford Ryngksai. Myrchiang, the brother-in-law of Bah Mid (Bam kwai ha Dwar u Blei) as the new Chairman of the CCIB. you shall not be ashamed of the signs of the times.
When asked, she said, “I heard that she called from home or something before she fled.
They have developed well in the field of literature, sanitation, medicine.
The winner of the tournament will receive T.I 50,000 and the runner-up will receive T.25,000 including trophies.
The puja started on Monday and ended on Thursday.
The election was conducted by two leaders of the Central Body, including Bah SO Lamare (General Secretary) and Bah D. Wahlang (Organizing Secretary).
And so he sent them back to their own country, scattered the Jews by war and gathered them back by war. For 1900 years the Jews were scattered all over and were persecuted by the Gentiles. they became a nation that had perished without hope.
It is learned that the resignation letter of Biren Singh was sent by these women who opposed him to resign.
The NESO said it will continue to monitor the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 passed by the Lok Sabha and will consider taking other decisions in the coming days. come.
The days of the Apostles Paul and Timothy are like our days today and the same thing applies to all people and more than ever before.
The BSF saw that there were suspicious vehicles traveling from Baghmara to Phanda and seized four Bolero Max Pick up vehicles. There are 29 cows that have been smuggled to Bangladesh.
The rally will start from Fire Brigade Square at 11 pm and proceed to Malki Square.
It is learned that the police have been searching for KSU members in public vehicles.
Nongpoh, June 08: Christians around the world on Thursday commemorated the day when Jesus was crucified to die on Mount Karbari for the salvation of us sinners. The Catholic Church of Nongpoh Parish has celebrated this day to commemorate the crucifixion of Jesus on Mount Calvary.
He was also elected Rector of Donbosco Technical School in 1993-1996 and in 1996 he was re-elected Provincial of Salesian Province in Guwahati.
It had earlier agreed to accept the government's drawing with amendments but intended to argue that the court had misled.
On the other hand, Rocky Dkhar said that he was planning to leave for Dawki, but after talking to the soldiers, he was shot from behind by the force. except for the sword of the soldier.
Other places that have been occupied by the vendors are at Laban Last Stop, Rynjah, Nongmensong Point to Wahkdait and Madanryting Taxi Stand.
“We have seen his statements which even the party leaders or MLAs do not agree with him,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that this issue has been discussed for many years in the Legislative Assembly.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while speaking in the Legislative Assembly, in reply to a question on the speech of the Governor.
This has remained the case to this day in Meghalaya, until the Lamin, Sohkha, Nongtalang and other Wars from the east were called the Jaintia Wars.
They were also requested to suffer in this quarantine for a few days and if they need any needs, to let us know, so that perhaps the organization can help.
Before the flag raising ceremony, he also gave a speech of congratulations to the Seng Khasi Nonglang for holding this shad ka kmen without any interruptions and it was a smooth and orderly event. .
“I will meet her and this is a meeting in honor of the Minister and I will also convey some of the problems of the garment manufacturers and others related to the garment industry,” he said.
The inspection was led by Assam Minister Pijush Hararika, accompanied by Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Chairman of the Regional Committee, Dasakhiatbha. Lamare, Minister of State, Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Nongpoh MLA, RM Kurbah DC Ri Bhoi and others.
Shillong: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency, Bah Eleazer C Dkhar, today said that the Khaw, which has been allocated from the MLA Scheme.
When asked what they would do if the party accepts Kohli's report and proceeds to hand over the leadership to Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, the BJP leaders in the state said, “Until now we have not yet decided. “I don't know what to say, we'll see after we get the decision from Amit Shah,” they said.
Women have demonstrated their skills and strength in all fields whether in science and technology, national defence, space science or sports.
He said countries like Russia, England, Israel and India have also struggled to find a cure to fight the disease.
Robert Manih, son of Ritu Soliha and Therisia Manih of Umkon village, is a student of Class 1V at Sohtad LP School, which is located in the same village. Olbor Manih, who is your brother-in-law.
In the meeting with these leaders, the person in charge of the area, said that he had spoken against the Khasi and tried to help them, by accusing the Khasi of not coming. which has prompted the department to cut their salaries.
In the meeting with the MLA, he promised to discuss with the relevant authorities in this regard, and the Dorbar Shong hopes that through the hard work of the MLA, this project will be achieved. it shall be a protection to the residents and neighboring villages.
Although the new disease has been discovered since the beginning of this year, it has been found that it is not strong,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 18 : Rangdajied United FC have moved up to second place in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 after beating Shillong Lajong FC 2-0 on Saturday. The match will be played at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Shillong: Police and 43 Bn BSF Meghalaya have seized 24,000 kg of kwai worth T.48 lakh from the border between Bangladesh and Bangladesh. Meghalaya.
Sadhana Forest is an international organization that aims to train villagers and volunteers on environmental conservation and earn money from the activity.
On this occasion, the Union of Waheh Chnong Jowai planted about 65 trees including Shampa, Sashram and Puma trees.
Shillong, Nailar 09: Ka Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep (SKBUH) has called on the people of Hynniewtrep Hills District to raise the flag in their homes and vehicles from the 13th to the 15th as a sign of They expressed their condolences to the government for not being able to release the report on the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
She also alleged that two amendments to the Land Transfer Act were passed on the same day by the same letter in which sections 4(e) and 4(f) were inserted. “This introduction of these sections is a way for people from other ethnic groups to get land in the name of development,” said Agnes. to the leaders of the people to bring this issue to the dorbar.
“This college has moved forward as it is now and what we need is to further fulfill the purpose of our ancestors who started this college,” he said.
Pawar was immediately taken by ambulance from Delhi to Mumbai this morning.
However, the government has agreed to take all necessary measures to provide 100 percent safety and security as the waste will be placed in places that have been built according to this technology. current.
I don't want to fight with anyone to get a job, but let the one who works hard, who is intelligent and who deserves it, get the job first.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (City), Vivek Syiem, on Tuesday said that the department is awaiting evidence from Disparsing Rani on the allegation that the police issued fake stickers and took T.10,0
Speaking to u SP News Agency, FKJGP Mawlai Circle President Marbud Dkhar said that the FCI has deleted the names of 56 foreigners from the resolution. Gregory the Priest of Light is still alive.
We have the privilege of creating freedom within our own families.
Nongpoh: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek and other MLAs on Tuesday visited the Screening Center at 13Mer Byrnihat. Hek said that by identifying the shortcomings, the working methods can be improved.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Kharjahrin said that the ILP alone is not enough to protect the Jaitbynriew, but after the Central Government implements the ILP in our state, we will demand more. the implementation of the National Registration of Citizens in the State.
Many have thought that Bah Ernest will remain as President until the MP elections next year.
At the same time, as parents, they should participate in the programs held in the villages related to the development of children and others.
Shillong: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has strongly condemned the raid on the residence of Shemphang Nonglang, Vice President of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District at Rangblang village.
However, when it was rebuilt, it was a foot path lane where even two small vehicles could not walk because it was smaller than the old road.
Babu Kular Khongjirem Once the MDA government takes over in our state, the people are looking forward and hopeful to this government especially led by Conrad Sangma who is the eldest son of one of the great leaders in the state. hima sima (political leader), u (L) P A Sangma.
These documents will be deposited at the Office of the Dorbar Chnong and a copy will be sent to the Jowai Police Station.
“Ka union is pleased to find that there is no Food Analyst in the Chemical Department of the Food and Drug Testing Laboratories, Pasteur Institute Shillong,” she said. CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing in a statement.
Speaking to reporters, Marbud Dkhar said that during the meeting, the leaders of these two parties expressed to the ADC the problems faced by Mawlai due to the illegal entry of these two parties. Trucks carrying food entered Mawlai without time.
Meanwhile, he said that the most worrying thing for the family is that the child has been beaten all the time.
It is learned that the husband had just gone to stay at his mother's house, but the curfew came and he stayed at his mother's house. Alok Rao, one of the police chiefs, who is investigating the incident, said that he committed suicide.
“The ban on beef is a BJP idea and their claim that there is no ban on beef in Meghalaya is a lie.
He said that the crossing of the Chinese border on the last day of the invasion was the largest of all the crossings of China into the Chinese border in the past.
Daniel Damlong and his coach, Cores Marweiñ were welcomed by the KSU at the Indoor Stadium in Nongpoh in the presence of KSU leaders. , Circle, Bah Iabhalang Nongrum President Nongpoh Town Unit and other members.
A case has been filed against him by the Tura Women's Police under the Immoral and Trafficking (Prevention) Act
AI has stood witness to its ability to improve our lives in many ways.
Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra which is still providing training across the countryThe Yatra has reached the remote areas of the country by providing training on government welfare schemes.
The scheme also saw the visit of the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, to distribute 5000 tyngka to each beneficiary. According to the Prime Minister, this money was given as part of the farmers' purchase of seeds.
Provincial and others who have achieved this blessing of God.
“I am not here as the President of the party to create drama and I will not do so, that is clear from me,” he said.
They were in a hurry to get a Temple to fulfill the remaining Feasts, because they could not do these without a Temple.
“Contractors who need to bring in trained workers who cannot work for the people of the state should first apply for permission from the DC's office and permission from various government departments such as PHE. , PWD and others,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Wellbirth Rani, Former President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the PDF, PDF Zonal Committee Mawphlang Constituency Office bearers and other officials. supporter.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has honored the first State University in the State which was named after the first Chief Minister of the State, Captain Williamson Sangma, to the people of the State on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State.
The song was recorded at the Courtyard by Marriott.
This training program is known as the “HRD-Orientation Training Program for Farmer on Integrated Pest Management in Paddy Cultivation”.
The Union Home Minister , Amit Shah , has directed Conrad Sangma to celebrate Christmas and New Year first and meet him afterwards to discuss the demand for ILP by the 34 lakh residents of India state of Meghalaya.
“In fact, the Civil Hospital in Shillong should be able to treat all kinds of diseases, except mental illnesses which have not yet been cured, even in other best hospitals in the world. .
Perhaps the people of Manipur will listen to the leader of the country when he speaks and urges.
He said that students can take the TIKA until they have received a written permission from their parents.
It is to be recalled that the Dolloi of Nartiang was arrested on charges of raping a woman who came to take medicine from him in Mukhla in
He said that if these pilot projects are successful, they will start across the five districts within the Council's boundary.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the District Agriculture Officer, EMH Passah urged the farmers to make good use of the training they have received from the CIPMC training to benefit themselves in agriculture.
Smaller parties have only received two or one Minister and some have not.
In fact, the HPC has proposed to request 200 square meters of land for each of these 342 households within the European Ward and to build these houses for them. The government has rejected their proposal.
Shillong, June 16 : U Vice President of the Trinamool Congress, Bah George Lyngdoh, on Tuesday warned that any wrong decision on the State Reservation Policy could lead to misunderstanding between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people.
The court also directed the retired judge to submit his first report within four months on the orders of the SC and NGT on how the government has implemented them and if they have not been implemented. measures to be taken immediately to ensure that the implementation is carried out smoothly.
“We have to leave and tomorrow (Friday) we will have to meet a special Executive Committee to take a decision because what we have discussed has not happened.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident to track down the suspects.
A complaint has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the drug trafficking.
It is worth mentioning that due to the heavy rainfall, many incidents have occurred in the Ranikor C&CD Block area. collapse and landslide of houses where they live.
The road passes again through a pass and descends slowly to the west until it meets another rest area before meeting the Wah Umïong.
On this day, Ri-Yan FC (Sohryngkham) will play against Dream Clippers (Shillong) at 12.30 PM. Triple-L (Laitlum) at 2.30 PM. The Federation invites all football fans to come and witness these matches with their own eyes.
In the 40th minute, Malki had only 40 players after March Marbaniang was sent off, and it was the second time Malki had received a red card in three games.
Under the rule of the British Government from 1835 to 1947, this Elaka fell under the Jowai Civil Sub-Division.
Before taking part in the speech as the chief guest, Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC, inaugurated the foundation stone of the KJP Synod Sepngi Higher Secondary Section. In his speech, the Chief Guest said that forty years of journey is not easy for the school management but those who trust in the Lord will stand firm and endure forever. It is a time and age when people live in trouble and despair but we must trust in the Lord.
Police said that they have not yet arrested Balen Thubru.
Other speakers included CEM JHADC, Garod LSN Dykes, Additional Deputy Commissioner Kong RS Manners.
But continuity is always there.
Mairang: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, today visited Khadsawphra College, Mairang, West Khasi Hills District, where he inaugurated the Open Library, Conference Room and Deputy Commissioner T Lyngwa and Superintendent of Police GD Kharwanlang.
Government departments who attended the inspection included Magistrate TSR Marak, EAC, Shillong, Bah PDkhar, Executive Engineer PWD Electrical Division, Shillong, Bah R. Sohkhlet TP OMUDA/EE, Bah FB The EE of the Shillong Municipal Board, B.
These sohs, which are cut into small pieces and packed in tins, are well sold not only here in the state but also abroad.
The Seng also said that the road from Umshyrpi to Upper Shillong has been a long standing dream of the people who come and go from this area and who face traffic problems.
Furthermore, the KSU leaders in a meeting with the management of the school, understood that the school has not been able to use the new building due to the failure of the contractor to hand over to the management. the school.
It was my mother's wish that I become a player.
The scheme was launched with the aim of reducing the gap between the rich and the poor on the need for nutritious food for growing children. and the women that are with child.
To date, 2,02,281 applications have been screened by the Department.
Stop leaving home during heavy rain and snow except for emergency work.
Then there was another question and that was, on the consequences of having too many political parties contesting elections.
At 12 o'clock they will leave Mynkoi Pyrdi to go to Iawmusiang and all the religious places.
In the letter, the Rymbai-Bataw-Borghat Road has been severely affected by the heavy rainfall. The residents of Borghat, Lama, Pynurkba, Lakadong, Bataw, Natbor and others who pass through this road, said that the government should take action to repair the road. This road will also be used to clean up the landslide as soon as possible so that it will not affect the traffic of the people.
educationwww.awakening.com.
On the other hand, the union has given 10 days to MEPDCL to do whatever is necessary to avoid any future incidents and to bring peace and security to the residents.
In private, you have to pay 500 tyngka. He paid shallan and he paid tika! Nongpeit said that he was not poor.
A short speech was delivered by Bah MD Jyrwa, former Secretary of the Referees Committee who briefly explained the establishment and functioning of the committee. all the referees are from South West Khasi Hills District.
He also suggested that the Government should direct each household to set aside a small area in the ground floor and in government premises so that if it rains, the water can enter the meiramew. “Because almost all the households have now cleaned the ground floor and the water can no longer enter the house,” he added, “the Government has to see in advance that this is necessary.
Meghalaya will face Kerala in the semi final on 8th June at 2:30 pm.
The NHIDCL has already called another tender for the road and has set a target of completion by
The Israeli government on Sunday announced that it is implementing Article 40 of the Basic Law, which means that the country is at war.
In his resignation letter, he said he felt that he should take responsibility for the defeat of the MNF as he was the party's chief executive officer.
Only those who have money can run the party.
Besides the collection of taxes, the problem faced by the coal owners is the demand for money from the GNLA and ANVC-B. The owners of the trucks carrying coal but they also demanded from the people without forgiveness.
He said that there were those who said that this was just a joke before the MDC and MP elections but the Reservation Policy, the VPP and HITO themselves had already spoken before the elections. elections.
However, even after that, he has been involved in the issues of the party until the day of his death on 8th June
In North Garo Hills District, one case was from Assam and one case was confirmed through random testing.
Speaking to reporters, the MLA from Poonjar, expressed his surprise at the behavior of the nun, who has been silent all the time. doubt that this woman is a prostitute? Twelve times, it’s pleasure and the 13th time, it’s a power struggle? What happened in the past 12 years?
He said that the planting of kwai and forest trees preserves the beauty of the area and urged the school children and youth of the village to take responsibility for the beauty of the area. environment, so that the people of the village can escape the scourge of water shortage.
This was announced in a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the CoRP Central Body, Bah Balan Jalong.
The first goal was scored in the 3rd minute by the Kick Start Football Coaching Centre. The second goal was scored from a penalty in the 20th minute. The third goal came in the 46th minute which was also one of the beautiful goals.
He said that there is a need to amend the Schedule Tribe Order of 1950, which is that only the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo tribes should get ST. It has decided not to accept the CAA and will appeal to the Supreme Court of India before 22nd July
Shillong: The BJP has not announced its candidates for Shillong and Tura constituencies till yesterday.
Upon arrival at the scene, police surrounded the office of the NPP and BDDS police, opened the pla and found a bomb, which was defused by the police. Laitumkhrah Police Station has launched an investigation into the incident and has arrested members of the HNLC, who are not responsible for the incident, through social media. Shillong: On the morning of 4th March 2021, a placard containing explosives was placed outside the office of the National People's Party (NPP). The NPP is located in Lower Lachumiere.
Many of the people are no longer happy to say that they are the leaders of the people because their speech and campaigning have become inferior even to the people.
The police, who had been guarding the area, tried to stop the teachers from turning to the Secretariat, but the teachers did not listen and turned to the Secretariat.
Alia Bhatt has also starred in the film as well as Ajay Devgn.
Nongpoh, June 01: Dozens of households in the border area of ​​Block II in Ri Bhoi District have been destroyed by a storm which struck on Sunday evening at about 4 pm.
Speaking on the preparations for the tournament, Hardik said: “The Asian Champions Trophy is a tough tournament where teams compete to win the trophy and also to turn the title. be the best team in Asia.
At the end of the Badminton tournament, Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang was the chief guest, along with other village leaders and elders of the area.
They reject him.
She said that the Commission has tried to educate them to understand because there are children who are deceived by close people, whom they trust like their father, mother, neighbors and others and sometimes they children don't know how to tell and don't know that it's wrong.
This is not long.
“Just taking pictures doesn't mean we are involved in anything, I have taken pictures with millions of private individuals as a public leader,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Bah Ardent Miller, President of the VPP, will start a strike from 10 am in front of the Secretariat.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the robbers involved in the incident.
Bah Makdoh also expressed his deep sorrow over the deaths of the youth and those who have been affected by the drug trafficking.
According to a study conducted by Queen's University Belfast in England, factory pesticides and soil fertilizers cause damage to rice.
Meghalaya lost to Mizoram by 34 runs in Jorhat, Assam recently.
One of them was found to have received an Entry Pass from Karnataka BJP MP Pratap Sinha.
According to photographs released by the Philippine Coast Guard, rescue teams were seen struggling to rescue and extinguish the fire from the ship on Tuesday night and at the same time. Small boats were seen going to rescue the passengers who were trapped inside the ship.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Merlvin Jude Mukhim said, “I hope that the people who watch the film will enjoy it, and that the people will give their support as they have given to others. four films in which I have never participated.
We have now set up Farmers Markets across the area to enable farmers to form their own associations and run these markets on their own terms so that no one can come take advantage".
He was speaking after reports that there was a dispute between the party leaders over the election of candidates from the Shillong parliamentary constituency.
I was diagnosed with heart disease.
According to reports, one of the senior lawyers, Bah VGK Kynta, has announced that he will contest the upcoming elections from Nongthymmai constituency.
Because we are the most paid in this hilly state, we should think carefully.
He said the bill passed by the KHADC during the tenure of CEM Hoping Stone Lyngdoh in 1980 is still pending on the table of the state government.
Finally, he said that if the government takes action to provide special training centers on the job, it will be a great blessing to the unemployed youth. jam, because the shniuh industry is one of the highest income industries and at the same time it is one of the ways to open up opportunities for those youths who are unemployed.
Even in the midst of the spears and sums that flew quickly at him like rain, he still came down and threw them away from the trees and drove them away.
However, on the Municipal issue, Ma Roy did not hesitate to speak after he brought the Jowai Municipal.
The family of the victim demanded that the BSF personnel involved should be arrested and punished according to the law.
“The government has not sent us any information on our demands, our protests will continue until we get a reply.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 14: The Women's Wing of the HSPDP, has strongly criticized Bah Diostarness Jyndiang MLA of Nongstoin, for not gathering them together to discuss the ticket for the 2018 MLA elections. However, he has gone back to register as a candidate for Nongstoin for the upcoming elections.
During the visit of this reporter to the border in Jirang area of ​​Ri-Bhoi District, it was found that the road which serves many villages in the area from Nongrim Jirang, Jareibasai, Umkrem Dyngkhong, and others, has been damaged. The border area has been affected by the lack of drinking water, health facilities and electricity.
The Japanese Ambassador, who was the chief guest, said that the festival will be the beginning of the friendship between India and Japan. the day is coming.
Patel took over as Governor of the RBI in November 2016, following the resignation of Raghuram Rajan, who resigned on July 19,
According to the family members who worked at the scene, at first they did not know that the man had disappeared, but after calling and trying to get the phone they could not get it and the phone switched off. and so the household suspected that he was buried alive in the grave.
Vidya, who loves to wear sarees, wants to showcase the talent of seamstresses and through her appointment, as a spokesperson for Shobitam, she will be able to achieve it. to this.
The value of Um shi klat has its own value and vision for many people.
Vaishnavi Vitthal Phalke (1min), Deepika (3min), Annu (10min) scored the first goal of the match. , 52 min), Rutuja Dadaso Pisal (12 min), Neelam (19 min), Manju Chorsiya (33 min), Sunelita Toppo (43, 57 min), Deepika Soreng (46 min) and Mumtaz Khan (55 min), The team has been able to manage the whole match from the start by winning most of the chess match against Chinese Taipei and has been able to open the door for the team. Vaishnavi scored the first goal of the match followed by Deepika's second goal to give the team a 2-0 lead.
On this occasion, members of the Seng under the leadership of President Samla Biangbor Paliar went to the Lai Sdad River near the Mawlai Bypass to throw up to 3,000 fish seeds.
Other foreigners cannot recognize the Khasi youth because they look like South Asians in their dress.
Those who accompanied the MLA of Jirang, included the leaders of the Church of God from different villages in Byrnihat, Umtyrnga and Narbong, as well as the presence of Pastor Rangbah, who are in charge of the church. the Church of God Meghalaya-Assam.
If life were without trouble, without sickness, without hunger, without death, without sorrow, then man would not remember God.
By doing this, he can know how many poor mothers are in danger in the area under his supervision so that he can remind them to come for checkup so that they can give birth safely to their children. they.
According to the latest news, there has been a heated debate between several leaders to contest from the HSPDP in the Mawthadraishan MLA election.
This shows that he has lost his spirit in the party and loves the HSPDP,” said Bah Basiawmoit.
Conrad said the roster and recruitment is an ongoing process.
Jowai, Nailur 20: The 40 Above Veteran Knockout Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi. , Jowai.
Others cannot do anything without their own will.
At the fourth meeting, she asked the Hynniew Pansngiat and Hynniew Hima, how do you live on earth? U 7 Pansngiat 7 Hima said, We shall live by the righteousness which thou hast commanded us.
Also present on the occasion were Bah HM Shangpliang, Chief Executive Officer, DC West Khasi Hills, former MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, Chairman of the Governing Body of Nongstoin College. Dr. LL Mawsor, Principal Nongstoin College, Principals from other schools, teachers, students and others.
 Jesus gives you complete joy which is your strength throughout the day (Neh.8:10).
Empowerment of the people of OdishaThe ongoing Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra has provided information to the people and brought the benefits of schemes to Chitrakonda block, Malkangiri district in Odisha.
Shillong: There have been 187 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
The new vote will be held on the 2nd of June
The demands of the teachers include the UGC to set up the 7th Pay Review Committee, the approval of the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD), the decision of the UGC on the 3rd Amendments to the UGC Regulation-2010 and the Ph .
Twenty-four gymnasts, all women, took part in four categories including vaulting, floor exercise and balance beam at the Meghalaya Games. 2022 which was held at the Indoor Training Center of SAI. The youngest player who took part in this tournament was only 7 years old and she was an inspiration to all those who took part.
The slaughterhouse can slaughter up to 160 animals such as cows, 160 pigs and 240 smaller animals such as goats per day.
Shillong: The Four Parties (FKJGP, KSU, HNYF and RBYF) want to ask the Chief Minister and the Cabinet as a whole, why they find it difficult to punish the police who shot dead Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. The Home Minister says he doesn't know about the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. Who is greater than the Home Minister in the Home Department? Has the Home Minister really resigned from the Home Department or has he just done something to investigate the incident? On the other hand, the Saw Seng warns the Government to take action before it is too late and we will take a stronger decision.
The Rangmen Cantonment Army had to hand over its land in Umroi area for the construction of Umroi Airport. The land has been under agreement with the Meghalaya government not to hand over the land to the army.
The election campaigners in front of Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit were Ardent Basaiawmoit, Adelbert Nongrum and James Ban Basaiawmoit.
He said that in the state there is still doubt to trust him, but he urged the people to give full trust to the revolution, protect the country to fight on many demands of you are a human being.
Shillong, March 28: The Central Bureau of Communication, Field Office, Nongstoin today held a Photo Exhibition cum Outreach Program at St Francis D'Assisi College, Siejlieh, Nongstoin today on the occasion of the 8th Anniversary of Amrit Mahotsav. to Service, Disability & Poor Welfare.
He alleged that the Assam police are notorious for shooting people in the name of fake encounters and after that those who shoot dead are accused of being smugglers.
The RBYF leaders hope that the government will take action on this issue to implement the 132 KV Power Station, in order to alleviate the problems of the people, who have been facing problems due to the increasing power outages. within the District.
I feel that this is the main reason why the youth are dropping out,” said Jyrwa.
He said that the Union Minister has also been discussed to allocate some of the Union Schools such as English and Foreign Languages ​​(EFL) and others in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Acting DGP of Meghalaya, SK Jain, has denied reports that ISIS members have entered India from Bangladesh across the Meghalaya border.
The Women Social Welfare Organization (WSWO) also received assistance and support from the area.
Earlier, ATSA had also met with the leaders of the Naga Students' Federation (NSF) in Guwahati and these organizations took the same decisions to work together in the future.
Many people say that these days, banks, are short of money and those who should have received T.5,000, get only half and we know clearly that these days, that T.1,0 or two thousand, it has fallen like a leaf of a tree, because the fare alone, which used to cost 100,000, has now reached T.400 and as soon as I leave the bank, the money has run out.
The Talukdar has lodged a complaint with the Hatigaon Police Station and the bank has not been able to pay the money to the Hatigaon Police Station.
Fearlessly he wrote to the Directors and said that the court in Cherra was biased.
The union also said that the Sixth Schedule has no meaning if the Rule 1951 is not implemented or the rights of the Khasi Pnar people are not upheld or respected through the District Council.
U Bah Rynjah said that regarding the situation in the village, he said that there is no need to worry and don't be afraid when visiting this village because he believes that it is a village. The village is surrounded by land, streams and clean forests. The surrounding area is surrounded by peaceful and tranquil forests.
However, it was only after the invasion of foreign forces, that the Seng Khasi gradually began to disappear. They celebrate this festival once a year.
“Horkit Hordang, you should not be called and deceived on Road 2 which is just a scientific trick of the government to deceive the people to mine uranium from Mawthabah and Domiasiat,” said Donald.
What are they like? “All their works they do to be seen of men.
The price is very high and the money must be paid before the goods arrive and the materials must be picked up from the Chinese manufacturing plant.
He said he will continue to raise the issue of recruitment, the border dispute between the state and Assam and others.
All those who took part expressed their delight over this victory which took 30 years for the party to get the only majority in Parliament.
The Special PMLA Court in Kolkata on Tuesday rejected the bail plea of ​​former West Bengal Chief Minister Partha Chatterjee in connection with the corruption scandal. school, where she said he was a frontline and influential figure who could have compromised the investigation process into the incident.
It is a special day to honor those heroes who fought fearlessly for the rights and aspirations of their citizens.
Basra committed suicide at his home in Himachal Pradesh.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) HS Shylla has criticized the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and his ministers including the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong. don't worry about the laws.
Hyderabad, Naitung, 03: Defense Minister Amit Shah on Tuesday said that the BJP is determined to find ways and means to resolve all the issues that have plagued dozens of people. year in Northeastern states before 2024.
And the people who read this article of mine feel how.
Informing that up to 4.5 lakh women have joined SHGs, he said that the Government's encouragement of SHGs has led to the increase in the income of women, which is essential for the increase in the income of the State.
Any work needs to be changed.
““Because in the MRSSA 2016, not only foreigners will be registered but also our people who come from other villages especially in Shillong will have to register.
In the afternoon, all the Kmai Raij brought their trees to Iawmusiang.
Furthermore, on this occasion, the Electricity Department of the Government of Meghalaya has shown to the public the works of the Electricity Department with the aim of providing electricity according to the needs of the people and also other works. win as targeted by the central government.
Shillong, Lber, 7: The Garo community who have survived and settled in 54 villages under the Raid Marwet of Mylliem Hima on Friday requested the State Government to provide assistance to the State Government. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued Rangbah Shnong certificates to the Garo people living in the Raid.
“All the state governments should have received the assistance and support from the central government in such hours of need.
The Raij Raliang, Raliang Elaka today donated a donation to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) as part of its support to the government in the fight against COVID-1
She said that there have been many orders from the court to drive vehicles in the city, the district authorities have taken action to follow the order of the High Court which mentions the two places and does not mean that they have closed all vehicles in the city. everywhere in the city.
Nine persons including women, men and a child were injured in the accident.
Prestone said that the opening of these shops in these shopping complexes will be 50% per day. shopping Complex.
During the inspection, the union found that all the shops owned by non-Khasis do not have licenses and the union said that it found only a few shops which have licenses. Khasi.
After James K Sangma refused to talk to the media, he went on to say that EM Jose, who is a journalist of the Shillong Times, who was trying to talk to him, was The Minister of Home Affairs, Dr. Aman Warr, has started shouting at him by accusing him of blocking his path.
Therefore, if change cannot be brought about in 2023, don't worry if this state is worse than Bihar in poverty and other areas.
The incident happened on the NH-6 at Um-tyr-a.
R.Kharlyngdoh, BPM, MSRLS, South West Khasi Hills District also gave a brief speech on the special purpose of the programme. The MSRLS, which is in charge of the NRLM in Mawkyrwat, in collaboration with the Kudumbashree NRO from Kerala, has launched a project called the CBO-PRI Convergence Project.
The Myllung voice of the Sharati of Manik Raitong nearby stirred up even the Queen of the Syiem from the street house to enter the house of the Sharati.
When he arrived at Police Bazar, he first took her to a shop to buy food.
The population of Meghalaya is 9,83,336 lakh according to the 1971 census, of which 5,84,812 lakh are in the United Khasi Hills. and Garo Hills has a population of 3,98,524 lakh.
He said that his appearance is exactly to support other parties whose supporters will take a decision in the coming days.
We want to convene the MDA meeting first and we will have a thorough discussion in the Cabinet and then we will decide to convene an All Party Meeting where we can share information and discuss all these issues with them. political party," he said.
He urged the people that if they want to see that the corruption investigation will work, they should reject all these parties in the MDA government in the MLA elections 2023 and elect other parties to bring them. another government after this election.
Shillong, March 26 : The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) is preparing to field up to four candidates for the 2023 MLA elections in the state.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District has informed all the wholesalers/retailers of Soh in the District that the sale of Soh such as Sohpieng, Sohkymphor, Kait and so on has been reduced. prohibited in accordance with sections 2, 3, 5 of the Food Safety and Standard Regulation
Among the Hindus, there is the Hindu Undivided Family in which all the men (men) work together to run a business, and are exempt from paying Income Tax. which shall be paid to the Government on the income from any business or contract.
He said that Sohra and Mawlynnong are the most prominent villages in the world and the government will ensure that Mawphlang will become one of these two prominent villages.
Bah Pateng Marsing, said that the party strongly opposes the Roster System in the state, and said that if the Act is implemented, it will be too biased. In comparison, the unemployment rate has gone more to the Garo than to the youth in Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia.
Sohra: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has received information that there are 1700 foreign workers from Majai who have applied for EPIC in Shella constituency. KSU Central Body leaders under the leadership of Tharia village, a small village with only a few households, said that the KSU Central Body under the leadership of Samla O.Marbaniang, in charge of South Khasi Hills, in the presence of leaders of KSU South Khasi Hills and Sohra Circle, yesterday went to meet with the SDO of Sohra (Civil) Sub-Division but he was not present. They went to meet the BDO of Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block, Bah AS Mukhim.
“And the LORD said, If I find fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sakes.
Until now, the school has only a few musical instruments and as the organization it is very difficult to teach the children and not only that, the place for teaching music is not enough according to the current resources.
Speaking on the launch, Moksh Chopra, Chief Marketing Officer, KFC India said, “It has been a really good journey for KFC in India, with the presence of of now in more than 150 cities and nearly 600 restaurants.
He said that we should look at the example of the Dkhars (foreigners) who come to earn money in our state even in small jobs, but with their hard work they are satisfied.
In West Garo Hills, there is no high risk.
He said that the presence of self-employed organizations is the only one that can increase income in the state.
As a public leader, I have received complaints from the people not only from my area but also from outside”.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) have protested against the government's decision to ban the ban. The Department of Veterinary and Animal Husbandry has allocated 13,500 square feet of land to the owner of the petrol pump. the State.
The funeral service will be held on Tuesday at 1:00 PM at the Mukhap Presbyterian Church.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynsuk Youroi, General Secretary, Taxi Drivers Union of Sor and Khapsor, said that after talking to the DC, they have expressed their opposition to this decision, but the DC has not been able to do so. to be removed because it has been ordered by the court.
The reason for this is that they don't have their own land and they don't have enough organization to improve their farming.
The Congress party said that Hrangchal's husband has been living in Mizoram since the 1950s.
He said that on this issue, it is necessary to investigate and find ways and means to prepare for climate change.
Instead of knowledge, compassion, in today's world, talk about people's wealth.
Jesus had already foretold that the time would come when the Jews would no longer be able to worship at the Temple in Jerusalem.
After completing the training at the Rehabilitation Camp, the members will receive a financial assistance of T.1.5 lakh (one lakh fifty thousand) so that they can start their own businesses. their jobs to support their families in their lives.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb said samples have been taken from 821 people and 49 of them have tested positive.
The awarding ceremony for the students, teachers and principals is to reflect their hard work and dedication to achieve their goals.
Shillong: The MCC, Shillong, has invited those who wish to apply for jobs in East Khasi Hills District, to register at the MCC, Shillong, for job opportunities. including skill building training, employment opportunities or job fairs.
“Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved” Acts 4:1 .
The Principal, until now, does not know when he will get permission to open the school and the 400 students, along with their parents, are waiting for when the school will open. ; However, until now, they don't know the date, although there is an expectation that the school will start after Independence Day.
The funeral service will be held on 26.12.23 at 1 pm at the Modop Presbyterian Church.
It is also not surprising that many of the farmers in the state cultivate sohsaw, kubi, phulkubi, phan, syieng, synsar and other crops which they have to work hard to produce. They have to sell their household items at a low price which is no longer worthy of their hard work.
“We have already done everything as directed in the letter we have received to submit the documents and verify them at the office of the Deputy Commissioners of the districts for police verification as directed,” he said. these young people speak to the media.
It is for this reason that our state has declined steadily in the last 50 years.
It is not easy for the government to approve these rules because it will have to think what will happen if it complies with the demands of the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong.
On the other hand, UDP President Dr Donkupar said that the posts of chairman and deputy chairman will go to the NPP to agree on the seat allocation process.
Speaking to reporters, Chairman of the CFC, Samla Elizer Chyne said that the reason for the temporary suspension is because if they continue, there may be political parties who will take advantage and they are afraid that the members of the CFC will take advantage. they shall not be involved with the political parties.
In fact, the police had tried to rush to the scene but could not do anything because the fire had stopped and destroyed the tar.
The Court has directed the government authorities not to seek the assistance of the army to patrol in Shillong when there is such a situation to bring peace to the people.
To harass a Dkhar is inappropriate, but there should be a law and that is, if he should sit, he should sit, while if he should not sit, he should leave. beat to be just that; However, to shut down by force and by the people, is not appropriate and on this, we have to remember, that the District Council police, have been arrested by the Chinese trader, because they went to smuggle. license in this form.
On this occasion, the organization distributed copies, letters, erasers and pencil boxes to the children, which are their school supplies.
We cannot make all the rich equal, even that wealth is not stolen and eaten but is the blessing of God from hard work”.
Some give more bum some give less! In the background, people say that the candidates distribute according to their ability.
In Group D, Atong Matgrik beat Warima Youth Club 4-3
“We demand that the law enforcement agencies should punish the thief so that it will be a warning to others,” said the family members.
These cows, which will be auctioned on the 21st, were purchased from the Customs of Pynursla. The cows were seized on the night of the 13th. bought at auction.
He said that these roads belong to the people, not to the PWD department and appealed to the people to cooperate with the builders and to cooperate, so that the construction will go smoothly. uniform.
John Adams, the second President of the United States, said that when there were no elections, slavery began.
India will prepare for their third match against Pakistan on Saturday (14th).
The recipients of the Fire Service Medal for Meritorious Service were Stronger Nongrem, Station Officer and Binoy Kumar Medhi, Leading Fireman.
In this regard, the HNYF has requested the relevant authorities to take action to repair this road so that ambulance vehicles will not have to pass through the heavy traffic. the patients.
Every public meeting is held without the knowledge that the people have cheap popularity.
It was seen that the dewbilat house had been destroyed, the windows had been destroyed in many rooms and the flood had caused the ring in the house and also in the ground floor of the house.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “We are proud of the great king who ensured that 186 years ago he ensured a free life for the future generations. that thou mayest be a slave at that time.
Jowai, November 06: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has announced the release of AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA rice for the month of November 2023, to all wholesalers for delivery. to FPS centers from 4th November 2023 to 8th November, 2023AAY rice will be distributed at the rate of 35 kg per household, free of charge.
Bah Sylliang said that most of the land in Ri Bhoi is inherited from parents and so on but to register the land it costs tens of lakhs.
On this occasion, after the end of the suit and shor, the Dolloi called upon the residents of the Raij and Elaka to be disciplined and follow the orders of the Government. This is the time to prevent the spread of this disease from our misbehavior as citizens.
Shllong: There have been 8 new cases of coronavirus in the state.
They said that the peace talks cannot proceed if the state and central governments do not accept the demand of the Council to forgive them.
She said she lodged a complaint with the Lokayukta because it is an independent department to investigate and has the power to punish those involved in corruption.
Those things that we will continue to experience in the future, until the beginning of the monsoon, are the things that the rawon have been looking forward to.
“We are looking at the population as well as the size of the land,” said Prestone when asked what areas the government will consider for the allocation of new blocks.
U Bah F Kharmawphlang Vice President KSU, on Tuesday said that the government should immediately implement the ILP to prevent the infiltration of foreigners and mynder. A blazing fire broke out at the office of the Sericulture Department of the State Government at Ummulong.
The celebration was held at the District Headquarters in the presence of Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Swapnil Tembe, Superintendent of Police VS Rathore, Chairman of Tura Municipal Board JD. Sangma, Chief Executive Officer of the Tura Municipal Board (TMB) Rikse R Marak, other officers, elders and employees of the Tura Municipal Board (TMB).
Shillong, November 15: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to hold a rally on the 11th of July in Shillong. also the election manifesto of the party.
The new office bearers of Thangrain unit include president Hababiang ki Biam, vice president Wandeipura Sungoh, general secretary Riphaidin Dhar, assistant general secretary Puramiki Dhar, organizing secretary Daeimi Liam, assistant organizing secretary Kamwamut Nongjngi, publicity secretary Lamdaki Myrmikiang, assistant publicity Sariang, education secretary Gratify Pran, assistant education secretary Dalangki Liam, finance secretary Kepilang Talang, sports secretary Refulness Liam, assistant sport secretary Iadamiki Rabon, environment secretary Medashanbor Liam, assistant environment secretary Marjan Liam, discipline secretary Kiar Nongjngi, assistant Ever discipline secretary Mulieh, Chairman Marshal Dhar and 12 members were also elected.
When we turn to our society as a nation, it is important that we refrain from insulting our parents or siblings, children, brothers and sisters and others. but to honor them for a long time, especially in the days of their old age, by giving them the best in love, respect and joy, as our ancestors have taught us to maintain unity in The family, the longkur longjait and the spirit of responsibility to all of the above, so that they do not reach such places for the elderly but to receive love and happiness in their own homes. shed.
The FFC was formed on the allegation that there was no distribution of defective medicines purchased under the National Health Rural Mission (NRHM) scheme worth T.4 crore.
Bah GG Swell is indeed the savior of our state.
“During this inspection, we found that there are about 80-100 illegally built houses in this area and it looks like a slum area.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the 16 new cases are from East Jaintia Hills: 1, East Khasi Hills: 13 and West Khasi Hills:
Leaders of HANM Narpuh strongly criticized the Local Director, Bah P.Syih, saying, “Our brothers and sisters from time to time face problems why the Local Director doesn't to do anything to help them besides being the people who are the owners of the village, just to sit down and don't know how to look after others who are in trouble, he should immediately restore the job they used to do “Lewin Syiem, Vice President HANM East Khasi Hills District, Bah Lewin Syiem, Vice President HANM East Khasi Hills District, Bah Lewin Syiem, Vice President HANM East Khasi Hills District, Bah Lewin Syiem, Vice President HANM East Khasi Hills District; Publicity Secretary HANM Narpuh Circle, Bah S. Pala, and members.
He appealed to the government and the people to help him to rebuild his house.
However, in this age, it is clear that many young people are still sleeping and have not yet thought about what will happen to the future of the nation.
On the other hand, Titosstarwell Chyne said that the government should allow only about 30 percent of the shops to open, as the market is a crowded area.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 07: Last year, the government had promised to build the road from Nonglang to Mawrok, but no sign has been seen yet, said Bah Phransis Wanniang, one of the elders of the Nongstoiñ. the village of Kyndongei.
“We have to talk to the people on issues related to development,” he said.
Shillong: The waiting of the people especially of Mawmluh village and Sohra area for the revival of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) factory has come to an end, as the government will close it down.
It is very difficult to track the movements of those who use networks in other countries,” Goyal said.
With this victory, as a reward to the players of the country, Hockey India (HI) has announced that it will distribute a cash prize of up to Tk. .2 lakh while the employees and assistants of the group will receive Rs.
All facilities have been provided at all COVID-19 vaccination centers across the country.
One body has been recovered from the collapse of the Shiva Temple in Shimla while two others have died in another landslide in the city.
Six hours before the start of the match, Jessie Lyngdoh will perform.
“The government has introduced the NRHM for health, the NREGS for income generation and the SSA for education,” said Prestone.
In Shillong, Atul Arora (42) of Nongmynsong, died after being hit by a truck.
The MNF has won 26 constituencies in the 40-member House, while the Congress has won five seats so far.
The Umngot HEP will be one of the two stage plans to generate hydro electric power.
It is also learned that there are also crematoria on the hill which have not been completely entered.
The public is tired of hearing only allegations and wants to see a strong investigation that can bring the facts out.
“The call for this protest is to express our deep concern over the failure of the Central Government to end the bloodshed which has been going on for six months in Manipur and demand that the Government of India should not “It is necessary to continue to be blind but to take measures to resolve this issue immediately,” said Bah Jyrwa.
The salary of the Chairman and Deputy CEM will be T.53,000 but will reach T.1.57 lakh and other benefits.
All that.
The 22-year-old, who is a native of Mawkyrwat, is also a footballer for Royal Wahingdoh and has joined Rangdajied United for the Under-18 category. Under-18) in 2016 and then joined Bengaluru FC in
Ravi Teja scored 35 runs off 31 balls and Punit Bisht or Sanjay Yadav did not score well.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Fisheries in the State, Bah Coming One Ymbon last month visited two fisheries in the State. The strongest fish producing states in India are Andhra Pradesh and Telangana to ensure that the fish imported to Meghalaya is not injected with formalin or ammonia.
“I'll cook the food...” said Kmie Rida. She listened and went outside to look forward.
On this day, after the Holy Mass, there was a special program to honor the parishioners who came to participate and those who could not attend.
We must no longer listen to or allow the auctioneers and selfish people to deceive us just to win elections, to get the post of Minister, and to sell our country and nation as slaves.
I discovered this trick after I made a map of this road.
Meghalaya will decline further in the future if the government does not understand the spending of money on unnecessary expenditure, such as the appointment of chairman, consultants, advisers and others in government departments.
Om Birla, Speaker of the Lok Sabha, has tested positive for Covid-19 and is currently undergoing treatment at the AIIMS Covid Center in Delhi.
Also present on the occasion were the General Secretary of Satpator District, Bah Supporter Pohkyrnu, former MDC Lamdibok Sumer, Dolloi of Satpator District Bah Daman Lakashiang, Advisor of Satpator District Bah Kolmen Pohshna and other other.
Your prayers have fallen on the leaves of the trees, but God has not heard them.
The difference between this song and other songs is that even after the elections, this “Ka Jingrwai Prah” has become more and more popular across the country. Khasi.
The state government on Thursday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI) to address this issue in the state.
Investigation is ongoing to track down others involved in these crimes, the police chief said.
A group of prominent political parties from Garo Hills have decided to reject the Government's invitation to discuss the Reservation Roster and demanded that the State Government should not change the allocation of State Reservation. Policy.
However, if such an incident happens, remember that Pakistan will not think of fighting back, but will surely strike back,” said Imran Khan.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: After the decision to move the ITBP headquarters from Shillong to Arunachal Pradesh, there has been a demand to move the Assam Rifle and Air Force headquarters from Shillong.
The meeting also approved the Meghalaya Service Conduct Rules which includes the Village Authorities and Sengbhalang which previously fell outside this rule.
A 34-year-old man from Ramgittim Mahadeo, South Garo Hills, has drowned in the Mahadeo River while trying to cross the river with a bur.
The partnership between Massey Ferguson Tractors and Akshay Kumar has taken another step.
Sankey Shangpung, MDC from Bataw Lakadong, will be the new Chairman of the JHADC. The election for the new Chairman will be held on Monday.
First John 1:9 says, "If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
“This day is a memorable day for the village where we have been able to plant so many trees and if the weather is better we will try to plant more trees within this month of July,” said the Waheh Shnong.
The doctors of the hospital have done everything necessary but until now, the youth has not been identified.
In Mairang constituency, 34,051 voters turned out 26,668 voters or 78.32%, in Mawthadraishan constituency 32,230 voters turned out or 74.82% and in Rambrai constituency 24116 voters turned out or 74.82%. There were 24,596 voters and 17,364 turnout was 70.60%.
I will give my opinion after consulting with legal experts,” said Lamphang.
Another issue is that people are no longer able to buy meat from Iewduh due to the traffic jam and lack of parking space.
The NPP, which now has a majority of 22 MLAs, will have to be vigilant in the 2023 elections lest it be rejected by the people who have lost their support for the rule of law. and the people gathered themselves together every day.
we just buy and pay the price and the taxes.
In this regard, he stressed on the need for new media technologies, strengthening of workplaces and cooperation with State Governments.
However, he did a thorough research by reading books from libraries and magazines describing his character and activities and it was on that basis that he understood that only Hoping was real. responsibility for country and nation.
Compared to the crimes and punishments that perpetrators have received in recent years, it is shocking to see that the punishments are only between 8 to 10%.
“It has been five years since the ban in 2014 and nothing has been done and the people have suffered,” said the MP. that it should not be allowed to continue in any way the traditional practice of digging.
“We may work from the new Assembly but this Assembly will continue to inspire future generations as it is an important part of the process of democracy in India,” he added.
Along with the elderly, those with disabilities also had the opportunity to vote from their homes and some of them voted from their beds.
The purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the residents that they should cooperate with the leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong so that we can curb the evils that have started to spread in these days. Through this programme, it will also encourage the people to teach their families from their own children that they should never fall into such evils because they you have lost your life in a moment.
“You remember that the women's organizations had been fighting to abolish the wine stores, but this MDA government has allowed the home delivery to deliver kyiad to the households.
The newly elected office bearers of RBSU Nongpoh Circle include Bah Yogesh Nongrum as President, Steven Stolin Nongrum as Vice President, Gabriel Makri Secretary, Banasar Lyngdoh Nonglait Finance Secretary, HN Marbaniang Publicity Secretary, Gideon Makri Sports Secretary, Jeremiah Nongkhlaw The meeting was confirmed by Bah Everjoy Nongpluh, President of the party in the presence of other members of the party.
After investigation, 210 people have been recovered from the 251 missing persons.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) today conducted a search operation against Chandra Mohan Jha, owner of CMJ University. in the state of Shillong.
L.Rngaid and welcomed the guests by the President of Nongkhyriem Youth Association, Samla Bankerlang Kharpran.
Before the start of the match, speeches were delivered by TASA President Bah Phelenstar Rani, while the meeting was conducted by Bah RA Rangslang, General Secretary of TASA. The opening match was between Umkseh Sports Club and Nongspung AYSC, SA, where the match ended in a draw after no goals were scored until the end of the first half. game.
This is a great work to bring about development and change in the remotest parts of the country.
Two minutes into the third quarter, Belgium had another chance to score, but failed.
The party has criticized the government for not listening to its request for peace talks and said that it has now accepted that the peace talks have not reached anywhere, but it will show by its actions.
For more information please call
“We all as a society have a role to play in shaping the future of our children.
She said that in Germany, the election issues that parties and candidates put forward are health insurance, taxes and other issues.
KHLIEHRIAT: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) in collaboration with the EJNC-Western Zone (EJNC) and the West Jaintia National Council (WJNC) have donated food, electricity and other items to the country. Khunswet is located in Tuberkmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) today announced four MDC candidates for the KHADC MDC elections: Raton Manick Mukhim from Mawhati, Holiwell. Khongstid from Nongshken, Pynthymmaibor Chyne from Shella and Alvin Khyriem Sawkmie from Mawsynram.
England in the fifteenth century underwent great changes and the movement to start the School of Revelation was not a coincidence and did not happen in an empty society.
The KHADC has not agreed with the decision of the High Court because it believes that according to the provisions of the 6th Schedule, it is the responsibility to look after the Khadar administration in the Hima and not the State Government. This is the Supreme Court.
If two or more political parties or candidates intend to campaign on the same route or part of it at the same time, the organizers should be sure to meet in advance and decide on the issues. It shall be taken so that the public shall not be disturbed or disturbed.
“On our part, we have been fighting until now to go before the Government to make requests from time to time but until now on the part of the Government there has been no response and confidence in one day. “It will listen even if it thinks that we are the sohpyut in the society,” said Babu.
According to the police, 26 of the 218 militants arrested are members of the GNLA, 36 members of the AMEF, 18 members of the ASAK, 11 members of the ANLA, 10 members of the ANCA, LAEF, 5 NDFB, 4 UALA, 3 ULFA, 3 ANVCB, 3 UANF, 1 GNAF, 9 HNLC members and 45 members of others. they are not.
“We have been deceived and deceived by Dr. Mukul Sangma and we don't want our nation to be deceived and deceived anymore,” said Emperor Bareh General Secretary of the JSU. Jaintia Hills has been too biased compared to other districts of the state, in which these leaders also complained that now is the time for them to fight for justice. that they should not receive.
Waldo Shyrmang 5.
