Depression is a type of illness that affects the mind especially these days and this illness is widespread and affects all over the world.
He said that if those who violate this order are found, whether they are individuals or groups, they will be punished according to the rules of law.
Everyone wants a free and fair election.
The President of the Lyntijam Welfare Association, Bah Sumarlang Swer, said that the tournament will be held with the support of ITC Sunfeast and SPT Sports, Bangalore. supports the development of youth football in the state and India as a whole.
About 300 Bengali students clashed between Bengali students and students from other states of the North East on Tuesday at IFCAI Agartala. Several vehicles including a new Eco Sports of a student from Meghalaya and a Jeep Compass of a student from Mizoram were damaged.
The match on Friday will be between Mawlai SC which is in the first position with 19 points against Nangkiew Irat SC which is in the third position with 9 points at 4 pm.
The ABVP leader also demanded that the leaders of the North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU), Banpynbiang Riang and Mandor Diengdoh should lodge a complaint with the police if they find anyone. On the night of the 21st of this month, the SOT Police and Mawkynroh Out Post raided the NEHU after the ABVP sent about 40-50 people to NEHU. NEHUSU leaders have received information from NEHUSU leaders that there are about 40 or 50 people carrying weapons gathered near the Petrol Pump at NEHU. Banpynbiang Riang and Mandor Diengdoh, who are also leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC), have been arrested. They allegedly suspended the program on the Indian Modern Literacy Language.
Ephesians 6:16 Satan knows that if a person loses faith, he will lose his relationship with God.
Many times we find that a large family has many branches of different families.
When this reporter inquired in Iewmawlong, it was found that there are still many shops selling this fertilizer, which the state government has decided to stop using because it pollutes the environment and the people. people who use vegetables and plants that use this chemical.
The Minister said that the purchase of the drug is to be distributed to the needy according to the need.
Power Grid won by eight wickets against Secretariat.
This is according to a statement sent by Histar Mylliem and Tyngshain Mylliemngap, President and Secretary of the Kur.
At the same time, the death toll has risen to 1,021, bringing the total to 228,6
The court weighed in on the matter.
Shillong, November 28: The Dorbar Shanong Lawdisai, which is responsible for the maintenance of Lum Mawthadraishan, has announced that the public is now allowed to visit and eat stories about this beautiful mountain.
It is worth mentioning that in the KHADC dorbar held today, there was a discussion on the allocation of funds for the Civil Work Department, which was said to be on the 13th. The Finance Commission has come to an end and the opposition has asked whether the KHADC has been able to receive the funds which are still pending. Dkhar said that it is only the grace of God, it cannot be said.
The order states that no public gathering, gathering or sitting of more than 4 persons shall be allowed in any public place within the Sohra Sub Division until an order is issued.
Younishna Thabah scored four goals in the 23rd, 42nd, 52nd and 26th minutes, while Philasakhi Marngar (27) and Ibadondor Nongsiej (50) scored the others.
“Of course, there are a few seats that have been affected by “u Prah” and others because we don't get enough candidates,” he said.
Kriti added that it is useless to have a beautiful body like Hina's but there is nothing else to do.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest encouraged the youth to be like the kedar tree which has three characteristics. who has the right attitude in which as young people they should have these qualities to be strong and steadfast in their minds to walk in the right path and to have the right attitude and good character to spread to others. young son.
When asked, Sangma said that after the state government has held talks with the central government on the issue of Unrepresented Tribe, the rule has been repealed. don't worry about the 6th Schedule.
Shillong, July 19: The residents of Jalaphet Sumer area have expressed their delight and praise to the PWD department for improving and widening the road in the village.
For more than a year, East Jaintia Hills District has been facing the problem of one EAC or Magistrate having to look after or manage two Block Offices, Saipung and Khliehriat C&RD Block besides the work at the DC Office and the Court in Khliehriat. .
The epicenter of the earthquake was reported to be in the West Khasi Hills.
And when we turn specifically to the area of ​​Sohra, Mawsynram, Pynursla which are the central areas at the foot of the Khasi Hills, this area meets the northern part of Sylhet of Bangladesh.
Hello!!! Chad Sukra of Seinraij Jowai for providing temporary assistance to breathe fresh air and free from pollution.
Dr Lucy Jones, an earthquake meteorologist at the California Institute of Technology (CalTech), said Tuesday's earthquake was the strongest since
In order to showcase their skills in Badminton, the best players have reached the final.
Raut and Suriti Kumari Ray (30) scored 76 runs for the loss of two wickets in the first innings. Lodhi, who came to bat, managed to bat from 18 overs to 49 overs.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Friday said that the allegation by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, is groundless and it is as if he has made a joke. tang long.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Former Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Golden Nonglong, Advisor of the Nongstoin Block Congress and leaders of the HSPDP and UDP from Nongstoin today joined the party. Voice of the People Party (VPP).
Sudan says, "Israel is a threat to the entire nation of the world.
This bridge is located on the same tree.
This ban is also part of the continued enforcement of the order under Section 144 Cr PC No. The Joint Secretary, Government of Meghalaya from the Department of Forests and Environment Department to renew this order and also in accordance with the order of the High Court of Meghalaya, in accordance with the PIL No.
Deibormi Rangad of Lion Sports & Youth Affairs was awarded the Man of the Match award.
Don Bosco was born and raised in a poor house in Turin (Italy).
Through the retirement of Bah Lapang, Ri Bhoi District will have only Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning, Julius Dorphang, MLA Umsning. MLA Mawhati from four constituencies of the district, including Jirang and Umroi.
Two other electricity consumers on the same day were fined T.2,15,280.00 and T.1,71,4
According to the newspaper, it is understood that the great man's stay in Shillong was about 20 days and during his stay he met with the great man of the Khasi Hills, Babu Jeebon Roy. He was the founder of the Seng Khasi in
With men it is impossible, but with God all things are possible.
The most prominent labs of the central government include the Indian Pharmacopeia Commission, Regional Drug Testing Lab (RDTL – Chandigarh), Central Drug Testing Lab (CDL – Kolkata), Central Drug Testing Lab (CDTL – Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai), RDTL (Guwahati) and NABL are suitable for testing the quality of pesticides.
By empowering the employees in this way, the government aims to improve their performance and that of the government, in terms of skills and innovation.
In the past 15 months, the High Court has issued various orders to curb these illegal activities, but there has been no change, the court said.
Go to the police stations and you will find for yourself that most of those who come to the police station are Abdur Rahman, Abdur Rahim, Abdul Majid, Badruddin, Sirajuddin, Fakruddin and it is very sad”.
It is learned that in the past years, the electricity supply to the village has been taken from Nongkrem and Laitkor roads and when there is a shortage in these areas, the village of Mawryngkneng has also stopped the electricity supply from MeECL. has agreed to build a power sub station at Mawryngkneng.
Therefore, regarding these dead Dohkha, the DC has also banned all the people not to eat these Dohkha, which they have caught from the river and if they have caught “It is not known whether it will affect the health of the people who eat these fish,” he added.
Ms Marbaniang said that even the female policemen were present during the raid but they watched when the Municipal officials used rude language.
“Election-related activities” is defined in this Section as any activity intended or intended to affect the outcome of an election.
July 12: About 20 Bangladeshis, accompanied by BGB troops, came today to demonstrate the strength of the election campaign within 48 hours of the polling. began to rebuild the broken well of the Wah Umngot, which is on the border 1272 9s.
“At the biggest stadium in the world, the most recent country, at the biggest sporting event in the country When the tournament is this beautiful and special, the spirit must also be special, " he said.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 01: U Prabhat Dandotiya, Expenditure Observer (EO) sent by the Election Commission of India for the South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat today held a meeting with the Election Teams. In the presence of Bah T.Lyngwa, IAS, District Election Officer, Mawkyrwat.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, congratulated the MDA government for taking steps to move forward with the border settlement with Assam. However, he said that the lack of responsibility from the civil society and the residents of the state is due to the lack of compliance with the boundaries specified under the North East Reorganization Act 1971 to own the land. state.
Banks and Post Offices which have to employ only about 30% of the employees.
“We are trying hard to complete the shohdoh house by November this year,” he said.
In the basketball category, the girls of Assam beat Assam by 66/33 points.
Fr.Stephen concluded by saying, “Your future is in your hands...carpe diem”! That is, make the most of your day without hesitation.
All the newspapers and YouTube channels have also pointed out the delays in the work of the government.
Leave their precious, honest and free votes to such leaders.
This is the age of the internet.
The cleaning of the Myntdu River will start from Jowai-Shillong Road to Treongriang to Ban Ser from 9 am to 1 pm.
These youths often hold meetings to discuss and do things for the community, one of them is about cleanliness and this has now become evident because of their hard work.
Dr. War said that most of the money released from the central government does not reach the health department but comes first through the state government and then it is released back to the health department because it used to be the norm.
Speaking on the occasion, Methodius Dkhar said that the NPP-led MDA government has failed in all aspects.
He was named in the fourth chargesheet filed by the CBI team filed by the Asansol Court on 7th March.
These students were involved in spreading the stolen questions through a WhatsApp group.
“We are very good as citizens of the state and if like other states it happens like that electricity cut up to 6 people in Lyniong they have to employ those who are in the houses of those refugees while in us we are only “It's not like I'm going to be able to do it,” said Bah Arju.
(2) Create an Uber account by providing your details such as name, phone number and so on.
“I am a child from a poor family and it is difficult for my parents to support me in school by having to find shelter in Umsning,” said a child who is still studying in class VII. To go to school in Umsning would have been a great help to my family, because besides going to school, I would have been able to help my mother in the morning.
Please congratulate those who have come forward to do whatever they can, whether it is a kitnong or a daju in the market.
Twelve youths have been selected to train themselves through the Super Elite Programme, to become successful not only in the country but also abroad.
Therefore, the village has been encouraged and the village has expressed its willingness to accept this in the hope that through the arrival of the out post, peace and order will be achieved.
In fact, it should have been canceled first.
The angry protesters surrounded the Resubelpara Police Station and burnt down the Resubelpara Police Station, burnt down the police vehicles and burnt down the police station. fire trucks parked near the police station.
He said the first is anterograde amnesia (the ability to remember what has been read or to remember new information) which is the natural method by which children have to remember what they have done or accomplished. which the teachers give them and in his opinion this is not enough to pass the examination.
“If we don't have the documents to show that it is the decision of the dorbar, the police will,” he said. “I have been arrested because those who have been fighting against the village have lodged several more complaints with the police,” said Bah Diengdoh.
The boundary settlement between the two sides will first be held in front of the people and after that it can be signed in accordance with the law so that there will be no further conflict in the future.
“Our Hynniewtrep belongs to the people, there will be no government or tribunal that can violate the rights of the people,” said the statement. She said that the party will not allow anything to happen to the people.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has nominated Teiborlang Pathaw, MDC of Mawlai Constituency, for the 2023 elections. This was confirmed by the National President of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of the state, at a meeting held to welcome the joining of Bah Pathaw to the party at Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
The People's Survey of East Jaintia Hills District has demanded that the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, should open the Khliehriat Civil Hospital on Tuesday.
From Mawsmai the road has started to descend slowly up to Laittyra where from these areas we find stone pavements to Sohbar.
Referring to the current situation in Meghalaya, Bah Laloo said that only the Super Level students are earning well while the High Level and Medium Level students have lost their jobs.
There are 115 recoveries from the disease.
In the second half, MLP FT scored seven goals through Chesterfield Nongdhar in the 52nd, 79th, 82nd and 90+1 minutes. Emeral Jyrwa in the 80th minute and Teiborlang Siangshai in the 90+2nd minute.
Regarding the schemes provided by the government to the farmers, he urged them to make proper use of them.
When it comes to religious matters, our people are afraid only of Pastors, Elders, Fathers, Sisters...no one is afraid of God.
Karnataka was earlier directed to release about 10,000 cusecs of water but the state has sent a request saying it cannot do so due to lack of rainfall in the water reservoirs of Karnataka. the Cauvery.
Behind only empty trucks.
The AFSPA has been in force in Nagaland for decades and in Assam since the 1990s.
Pohkseh SC opened the scoring through Freddy Jyrwa in the 44th minute and Wanjop Khriam scored the second goal in the 74th & 90+2nd minutes.
He shall no more commit adultery.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Magistrates of Shillong, Naitung 29, 2013, this morning, visited the place where the 42 youths were staying, and during the visit, the Magistrates led along with them the Doctor to examine them.
:One of the oldest and most prominent bowlers of the country's cricket team, Ravichandran Ashwin, has now risen to the top of the new ICC rankings in terms of bowlers in the tournament. Test matches.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The High Court (HC) of Meghalaya on Thursday heard a PIL on the power outage in the state. and the house of the judge was suddenly destroyed.
The selected films will be screened at the 53rd IFFI from November 20-28, 2022 in Goa.
The NPP in Mawryngkneng has not reached the second position.
“We will complete this immediately because the state government has ignored the district council because they don't understand the law,” he said.
Her brother, Wailad Siangshai, told Rupang, that she got 420 marks, but after counting, she got 426 marks.
All the plants were covered with coke smoke, it was impossible to eat even after washing with water.
“If this conflict wasn’t supported by this group or that group, it wouldn’t have gotten this far and it wouldn’t have lasted as long as it did," he said.
This is the fourth time that the GST collection has exceeded T.1.60 lakh crore.
There are 162 recoveries and 2 deaths.
“These are the minimum age between 18-21 years and above and the maximum age decided by the Cabinet today has been set from 27 years for the ERTS department, to 32 years in 30-32 years in Forest and Environment, 21 years as the minimum age and 27 years as the maximum age for the Ministry of Home Affairs or Police,” he said.
He said that only those vendors who have already been vaccinated against COVID-19 can sell their goods at the Seinraij market and all those who have been vaccinated against COVID-19 should bring their vaccination certificates. die sales.
The song was composed by Ki Jlawdohtir and sung by Micky Lyngdoh.
Teacher Lumjingshai Sec. School, Tluh and Mrs. Porkey Chyrmang Asstt.
Lambokstar Marngar said the party has more than 700 units in the state and the party is not afraid to fight with the CM if the CAB becomes law.
The school has just started the construction of only two classrooms for the children of Mooluber village to attend school which is run by the Mowluber Presbyterian Church together with the elders of the village.
He said that gradually they will ban locals and tourists, as drivers don't have difficulty in going to work for other jobs.
Shillong, July 9: U Bindas Syiem on Tuesday said that if those government ministers want her to withdraw from the strike, Pretone Tynsong should come here.
The CEM of KHADC also announced that the Council will hold a special session on the 14th of November to take a decision on the MDC shu sieh. to elect the MDC immediately and to inform the PDF of the name before submitting it to the Dorbar.
“From the very beginning, the Congress has been saying that the inquiry is only to mislead the people and the government has not taken action because the inquiry has not been conducted yet. even 70 days since appointment, it has not started its investigation".
Leading UDP office bearers including Balajied Ranee, MDC Nongpoh Constituency, Donbok Khymdei President UDP Ri-Bhoi, Michael Kharhunai Secretary UDP Ri-Bhoi Constituency were also present on the occasion. -Bhoi, Bongthai of Raid Umwang, members of UDP Nongpoh Circle, Bah RR Makdoh, Senior Leader of UDP Ri-Bhoi, members of Women's Wings, members of Youth Wing, members of various units and others. supporters of the UDP Party and others.
In this Azadi of Amrit Kaal, we should look at this wealth too, we should investigate it and tell the world about it.
In the fourth match, Mulang Ialong beat Royal Pole Mihmyntdu 2-0. The two goals for Mulang Ialong came in the second half through Poisuk Dhar in the 58th minute and Dangaitlang Mulieh scored in the 67th minute.
Jasho Daben lives with her two brothers in a village in Ishwarwada, in Mehsana district, in eastern Gujarat.
“We demand that the state government, district administration, Hima Mylliem and Raid authorities should immediately inspect the site with the witness of all the residents,” he said.
The participation of the people from all over the villages of Resubelpara Constituency shows that the people have confidence in their leaders.
There are those who sell petrol and petrol through petrol pumps.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed a case against two officials of the Northeast Frontier (NF) Railway. their involvement in demanding money from a fellow employee who needed to take a few days off.
The delay in the construction of the road from Lachumiere near All Saints School to the former Tirot Sing Indoor Stadium has caused the water to flow directly into the road and stop in the middle of the road in front of the DIPR. and they went out afraid, because the waters were gone up into the sea.
In the second half, Dong Pdeng Shnong won the title by beating Mawsiang 2-1
To ensure the smooth running of the election, there will be three CAPF companies and flying squads consisting only of women policemen. they shall be women.
In Jowai, an earthquake struck Caroline Colony today and no casualties were reported.
When asked, you will be told that you are an outstation editor.
The three survivors include Abeeha, 13, Faiqa, 11 and Emaan, 6, who are still undergoing treatment. it is not completely clean.
The winners of this competition will have the opportunity to participate in the 2024 Paris Olympics.
Lack of adequate knowledge among poor and less knowledgeable farmers about modern fertilizer farming methods and the use of bio-pesticides , which can kill plant diseases is a major reason for the current agricultural situation in our country.
He said the completion of safety audits and the work of installing nar on the Sonapur Bridge, which is also a confirmation of the safety.
He said that the Khasi and Garo have joined hands in the struggle for their own state by opposing the aggression of Assam.
(Isaiah) There are many people even in the Bible who lost hope like King Hezekiah, Jairus, Bartimaeus. God healed their sickness.
The lyoh doesn't have a pud.
Therefore, in relation to the inability of SBI to provide these machines, the Seng urges the SBI Nongstoin Branch to provide these ATM machines as soon as possible and if the Bank does not listen, the Seng cannot accept the strongest measures.
Speaking to media, after the conclusion of the program to mark the 4th Anniversary of the MDA government; On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that there is a problem in the construction of the Shillong Medical College, because the company which has been awarded the contract to build the college, has not been able to start. They have given reasons one after another and for this reason the government has decided to terminate the contract with this company.
Mawrathud Sports Club, Mawrathud Sports Club, have won their first FKJGP Christmas Cup Football Tournament at Tyrso Stadium after beating Nangïaikiew Academy. from 1-0.
“For the BJP it is very good if it can nominate women candidates as 33% quota for women has recently been implemented,” Momin said.
Coach 16.
On the 10th, at 3 pm, police found the body of Michael Syngai Nongsiej, a drunkard, from a stream. Umpling is located in Shillong.
It contains folate which reduces weight gain.
Farmers are therefore requested to contact their districts through the following Helpline Numbers (mentioned below) for treatment, vaccination or other information to prevent LSD:-.
What is more interesting to hear is that out of these 30 young men who have received training in the field of knitting, 9 have been employed in private shops, 7 have started their own shops. and 11 have planned to set up shops through government schemes like PMEGP and other assistance through bank loans and 3 still have plans to go for training. They should also attend Advance Training to improve their skills.
James Pangsang K Sangma, who is the third term MLA of the National People's Party (NPP) from Dadenggre and brother of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, was defeated by Rupa M Marak from Dadenggre constituency by 18 votes. in the 2023 MLA elections.
They have lodged a complaint before the Lok Ayukta Bah B. Dhar against the corruption in the Garo Hills District Council and now the office of the Lok Ayukta has filed a chargesheet or shown the reasons why the MDCs in charge of the GHADC have committed corruption. the public money.
He said that the fact is that the police should have a nameplate on the front of the uniform.
What surprised me was that in the English newspaper 'Shilong Times' which published from time to time, and now the Editor has shouted, "We want President Rule, come soon, President Rule. Wow!I have explained, that despite our differences of opinion, within the MDA, “we can still beat the Government of Conrad Sangma and Bah Prestone” rather than the Presidential rule from Delhi, which Kong Editor wants too much. .
Even after a short time, Umpling SC didn't give up and it was in the 80th minute that Donbok Sing L Lyngkhoi scored the first goal.
The Dorbar Shnong has urged all the residents of the village to participate in the cleanliness drive, and has also urged all the land owners inside and outside the village to participate in the cleanliness drive.
Those who violate the warnings will be punished.
“Of course, the day meals have helped those students who come from poor families because those who come to this school are from such schools,” she said.
DRI police have been strengthened at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport after receiving information regarding the presence of a group that smuggled gold to India by a team of The tourists arrived in Mumbai from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) on Tuesday.
Shillong: Up to 40% of the factories under the EPIP in Ri Bhoi District have been closed down without implementation.
He said that the Alamganj Police Station arrived at the scene and escorted the two religious leaders without any injuries to the police station for protection.
As a lawyer, I don't understand this bill of Dr. Mukul Sangma, because besides having buried the ILP which he didn't have, he is now creating a falsehood with this MRSSA Act which has no meaning eiei. but you're comic.
Shillong: The FKJGP Nongthymmai Circle together with the Madanryting Unit under the leadership of the Information Secretary of the Circle, Bah Barilang Kharpyngrope, today met with the principals of Holy Child School, Demthring Nongthymmai. You can submit your homework/assignment through online classes at school.
Another stronger reason is that there is no law to destroy, destroy or challenge the religious and customary practices of any nation, if those practices and customs are be lawful, not in violation of government laws or human rights.
However, suddenly, the Meghalaya Police came to raid the house and opened fire on the Khasi youths on suspicion that they were members of the NSCN. -IM.On this occasion, the KSU Wahthapbru Unit has expressed its gratitude to these three youths.
The ethnic parties in the MDA government are the UDP and HSPDP, except for the PDF which has already announced that two MLAs will join the NPP. The NPP has called on all the parties in the government to join the NPP because they don't want to work only in the government, but they want to At present, the NPP has 26 MLAs in the 60-member Legislative Assembly.
After tied first to score 263/3, Puducherry were happy but Meghalaya surprised after losing four wickets for three runs to leave Puducherry 269/7
Police said that the robbers also ordered the passengers of the bus to leave.
Shanmuganathan, 67, has been the Governor of Arunachal Pradesh for only two years and also briefly looked after Arunachal Pradesh before resigning.
When asked, Bah Thaïang said, “Block-I has 36 villages.
The Executive Member i/c Elaka, Bah Jambor War, in reply to a question by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah PN Syiem, said: He said that there are 29 boundary disputes between Sirdarships, Elaka and Shnongs under the jurisdiction of KHADC and so far only 6 Hima have been able to resolve the boundary dispute.
Shillong, Naitung 01: U Bah Herlambok War, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Iewrynghep, has been elected as the new President of the Mawlai Town Dorbar.
The Shillong Master Plan includes the land under the Shillong Municipal, Shillong Cantonment, Madanrting, Mawlai, Nongthymmai, Pynthorumkhrah and other areas in the House. and 32 rural villages adjacent to the city.
On Monday, the quarterfinal match will be between Dona Skur Lumshnong YWSC B, Shymplong FC vs Lumsohskie SC and the final match will be between Lumshnong YWSC A vs Umkiang Sports Association.
Police investigating the theft of money from Mawkhar Church have not been able to confirm the amount of money.
He said that security forces have been deployed in Garo Hills with the assistance of the central government and the state government will take action to curb the insurgency.
“I stand with all our MDA colleagues through many difficulties and I believe in my party and MDA leader Conrad Sangma,” he said.
In the incident, it was said that some of the residents who witnessed the abduction of Islam with their own eyes, immediately informed the police and as soon as they informed the police, they fled. After a while, the police came and turned to the place where the robbers were, but as soon as they saw the crowd and the police, the robbers fled into the forest. and they left the fisherman in the same place.
Many donkeys have contested elections to strengthen the path to income, but the nation is increasingly divided and destroyed.
Clifford Marak and Masongsing Sangma have been elected as MLAs from Chokpot constituency.
“I wish him to pass and continue his studies while you support him.
This was achieved after beating Khliehongriang 2-1 on Friday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
The people should not be deceived by the fabricated words of anyone who thinks only of the strength of their political party by ignoring the spirit of nationalism, said the statement.
The partial protection and exemption for some of the States under the Sixth Schedule or those with ILP will not help at all, it will only mislead and deceive the citizens.
The BJP has won the elections in three states of India and these three states are also the prominent states of India known as the Hindi Heartland. the people who speak Hindi.
The number of cases of tuberculosis in the state has increased significantly compared to the rest of the country due to the increasing consumption of tobacco products. The examination by the government is not sufficient to detect those infected quickly, but even if detected quickly, the state government cannot do anything because it does not have the necessary equipment and powers to detect the disease. care for the paid residents.
The 4-Mowkaiaw BCC has demanded that the district authorities should conduct a thorough investigation to find out the facts.
He said that the Party High Command stands firm on the basis of cooperation. In relation to the 7-Amlarem Constituency (ST), he said that the party is very satisfied with the way of working and managing the work. Stephanson Mukhim is a former MLA and the party's candidate for the 2018 MLA election.
Prevent cell cancer :— We know that rice is one of the most important foods in the world but we don't know that its seeds also play an important role in health. the health of your body.
“The facts regarding the forest laws have not been revealed yet, but as it is until now, the Assam government has crossed the border with parts of Meghalaya, on the basis that “These areas are Reserve Forests and according to the rules of the Ministry of Forest, no one is allowed to live in these areas which fall under the reserve forest areas”.
Deuteronomy 28:15-25.
Conrad was speaking at the National Seminar on “Representation of Women of North East India in Multi-Disciplinary Discourse” at Don Bosco College, Tura.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said: “The world should know that it was a terrorist attack on a hospital in Gaza and not a bomb attack. "Those who killed our children have now killed their own children," Netanyahu said.
The Pastor said that the Assembly or the Church will be more difficult to talk about this now as it is still new.
We are investigating the T.16.98 crore payment of T.2000 to the ASHAs and the payment through the NHM we have spent T.22.68 crore for the ASHAs. The total amount is T.Rs 40.5 crore,” she said. added.
“Look at the market, there are fewer Khasi shopkeepers and if allowed, many Khasi will become buyers and not shopkeepers,” said Bah Kharmujai.
The demand has gone in a smooth and fair manner.
Similarly, BPLs burn more than another light bulb.
He said that along with the parents, youth from various units and polling booths who attended the event, they also promised to cooperate with the UDP party to strengthen the work in Nongpoh. Constituency and Ri-Bhoi District and without doubt that the UDP will win many seats in 2023 to form a government in the state. “It will be seen in the coming days that many leaders and people will join the UDP in Nongpoh Constituency,” he added.
Shillong, June 19 : The High Court of Meghalaya has appointed retired Justice BP Katakey to head a committee to monitor and advise the state government on the implementation of the laws. The Supreme Court (SC) and the National Green Tribunal (NGT) regarding the mining and sale of coal that has already been mined and stored in many places.
Shillong, July 18: The District Health and Medical Officers (DMHO) in different districts of Meghalaya today announced that they will start distributing Polio vaccine to the people of Meghalaya. children under 5 years of age across the state, and the polio vaccination will be held for three days from the 19th, 20th to 21st, and on the 20th and 21st of this month the vaccination will be delivered. the spirit of manla is in the house.
The Bishop appealed to all parents to send their children to school and to follow them so that they can be a bright future for the entire region.
Through the letter signed by the President of KSU-EJHD, S. Suchen and the General Secretary, KS Suchiang, they urged the Deputy Commissioner to direct the National Highway Authority of India. to start the repair of the road which has been damaged due to the heavy rain, in which many parts of the road have collapsed, destroyed and endangered the passengers.
“Just as education is important for a child, sports education is also essential for children to receive proper training in sports.
At the same time, he criticized the Minister of State for Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong for his belief that the mining of coal is illegal.
The deadline for submission of entries is on or before 12.06.2022 before 2.00 pm and those who apply after that date will not be accepted.
Dr. Mukul Sangma concluded by saying that the opposition will give time to the Meghalaya government on the demand to withdraw the petition and the opposition will continue to pursue corruption in the state. state.
These three men were old men.
The Kni has a strong authority in the kur ka jait, he has the authority to discipline and teach the children of the pyrsa who belong to the same clan.
Shillong, July 11: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the GNLA's threat to the Congress leaders during the elections in Garo Hills has led to the party's defeat in the Garo Hills elections. MP elections are not over.
We remember that even in the teachings of the Gospels, Jesus, whom the world considered one of the greatest teachers, did not speak evil of the weak, sinful and wrong people, but encouraged and blessed them. their lives.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah said that the Khasi people living in Manipur are peaceful despite the conflict between the Kuki and Meitei communities. response.
Meanwhile, Langsning are still eight points behind Mawlai who are leading the table.
“The Urban Development Department will have to issue an order to relocate the employees of SMB and employees of other departments as the Urban Development Department has owned the land in Them Metor,” they said.
The relatives said that as soon as they saw the fire, they tried to call the Fire Service office at Fire Brigade, Nongthymmai, but these two telephones did not answer. three jobs.
JOWAI: The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRW&LU) has decided to demand the government to implement the Meghalaya Regular Casual Workers Scheme 1996 (MRCW) in all departments. ) and to issue an order to declare the retirement year of the muster rolls at the fourth public meeting of the AJMRW&LU held on Saturday at the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar.
Rangbah Shnongs of various villages, women's organizations, youth organizations and others were present on the occasion.
May the Father of peace bless you who read this short message.
Bindo also criticized the mining of Lafarge at Shella, Nongtrai, which has destroyed the hills and rivers and what is more shocking, is that now they have fallen into the ground for to mine thousands of tons of coal and transport it to Bangladesh.
“I would like to make it clear that there will be no more misunderstanding about the visit and hand over of flowers by the Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to Bah Nongrum.
Nonglong said that his vote in the last MLA election shows that the people of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency love the Congress.
In the past years, more than 20,000 students from Meghalaya have completed the D.El.
Ibajanai took two wickets in two overs for SWKDCA. In chasing the target, SWKDCA managed to score only 52 runs for the loss of six wickets.
Conrad said there will be many ways for the opposition to talk about the roster system.
Gokulam tried everything to equalize the game, but Lajong once again managed to secure their day, when Hardy Nongbri scored the third goal in the minute. the last one is 90+8 minutes.
Therefore, North Korea's education and training institutions have done their utmost to provide training and explanation on the method of dropping bombs by warplanes during attacks.
He said that through this market, homestay and other services have been included which can benefit the entire community.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Fantin, MDC who expressed his satisfaction that the NPP candidate himself has come forward to fight for the poor and also to open the door for the youth to train. devote themselves to works that can lead to life.
In a statement, the KSU expressed its surprise that when the KSU arrived at the scene at 11:00 pm, it learned that the public hearing had ended. that the public hearing started at 10 am while the notice said it would start at 11 am.
At that time, the people were more interested in Ka Pyrta U Riewlum and later in U Nongsain Hima than in other newspapers which have now disappeared.
Speaking to media after a meeting with MPCC President Bah Vincent H Pala, party MLAs and Congress office bearers from all over the country, Dr. Chellakumar said that wherever they go, the people want The Congress will come back to power.
On June 11, 2020 alone, there were 63 new cases, according to the National Health Commission (NHC).
“If the government wants to delay, it doesn't delay, but if the government wants the strike to end, they have to implement it as soon as possible,” he said.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Friday closed down the toll plaza or collection gate of NHAI in Lumshnong.
The film will be screened three times a day from 11 pm, 2 pm and 5 pm.
East Jaintia Hills Police on Tuesday seized 21 grams and 1.03 grams of heroin from two persons who were coming from Silchar to Khliehriat area.
David Dkhar scored the first goal for Lumsliar in the 8th minute while Yoshar O. Mukhim scored the first goal for Risingsun Mukhla in the 24th minute.
In the end, orderly rule brings peace and order that is strong, righteous and holy.
“When we came to meet with the employees of Karuna Trust, we found that there are only employees and most of the businesses are running from Guwahati and Bangalore. “We have asked him to leave and they have locked the door and this will continue until the authorities come to meet,” said Bah Roy.
According to media reports, Laitmynsaw village including neighboring villages today held a curfew and all the elders of these villages have stayed all day in order to search for the village this morning. star who went missing after the death of his wife.
Therefore, it was immediately requested to correct the stamp, but due to the urgency of the government, it could not refuse to hand over as it is until the stamp was printed in India through the Postal Department.
There are two institutional quarantine centers at Rymbai Secondary School which can accommodate up to 100 people, Holy Cross Secondary School Umkiang 20 people and 65 community quarantine centers in different villages.
tem-ly-tem: the one who cannot speak the longest lynter when he falls suddenly on the ground.
“Ko tin, vote for Bah Witting in 2018,” he said.
To date, more than 1,700 crematoria are known in Meghalaya and out of these, more than 1,100 have been discovered.
In a petition submitted to the Minister, the KSU said that the number of students in the higher education institutions has increased from year to year and the need for NEHU has not been able to provide accommodation for them. it made it possible for them to study out of state.
He said that if they get the support from the government they can even help the farmers in this area which can also be a support to the farmers and at the same time provide employment to them. young through available industries.
Therefore, the spread of infection from one person to another has increased and spread rapidly and this will affect the whole world until the most powerful weapons cannot and do not compare. and his power to kill people, and the Government should be vigilant within the state lest such an incident should take place.
The union also urges the district authorities and the police to respect the voice of the people and the human rights and to be vigilant especially against those who take advantage of the situation. of the Sengbhalang at this rally, concluded the statement.
“We need the ILP like in other states.
He said that they also demand that the state government should completely remove the forest beat house of Assam at Mukroh as it is the source of all the problems faced by the people living on the border.
The terms of reference of the Expert Committee are to review the Reservation Policy and to provide comments.
He said that the Seng has informed the VC that the number of seats should be increased to 55 in Physical Science and Life Science so that it will benefit the Science students who come from other countries. longing poor.
Shillong: The Lakadong Ummat Village Council under the leadership of Ma Yowanki Amkhloo, Acting Waheh Shnong, has decided to close down the entire village for 10 days from 18-05-2021 to 27-0 2021, in order to curb the spread of Covid-1
The Indian Red Cross Society (IRS) has donated blood for the first time at the Jowai Blood Bank Centre, Panaliar, Jowai on Tuesday.
The union also requested the council to conduct a raid in Ri Bhoi District to curb these illegal trade activities of foreigners which affect their income. The party also expressed its special thanks to the CEM who has promised to take action on the issues raised by the party. said Bah Hercules Suting, President of the HYC Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, Bah Pynïaid urged the MP candidate to fight for the strengthening of the Sixth Schedule which is currently being prepared in Delhi and also to include the Khasi Language in the Schirnit. Phra of the Constitution of the Country.
ACHIK also demanded that the Director should change his decision.
The drowned child was identified as Riya S Pyrtuh of Patla Punji village in Mouza Chandipur Pt 1, PS Algapur.
Many have seen that this is because Lajong has played with players from the state and the North East without buying foreign players as in previous years.
In a letter dated October 6, 2013, the KSU has requested the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills who is also the Chairman of the District Ayush Society to clarify the 16 posts which have not been advertised or announced publicly within the Ayush Mission.
After this he was offered by TATA Shillong and is now the head technician of this company.
“Don't say that it's bad now and it's clear that it's not possible, I'm happy to say that you shouldn't do political drama because it's not beautiful”.
He urged them to release them because the Khasi and Garo or any other ethnic group can live together as brothers without discrimination.
According to the ruling of the court, these vacant posts should be filled and if the government does not fulfill its duty, it should be held responsible for the decline and quality of education in lower schools. Primary.
And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission" Hebrews 9:2
The PMSBY is an accidental insurance scheme where bank account holders between the ages of 18 and 70 years can contribute only 12 rupees per year (ie 10 rupees per month) and receive insurance. lakh tyngka, the insurance will be provided if you are killed or injured in an accident.
There are 17 agendas and 169 targets to be achieved by
After that, Sanbor said that the CEM has promised to convene the Dorbar Ri of the people of Hynniewtrep and in the upcoming Dorbar Ri he will announce to the people that the implement the KHADC Building Act whereby the people through the Dorbar Shnongs can obtain permission from the KHADC for the construction of houses.
Shillong, November :The Meghalaya State Commission for Women today held a program to mark the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women (VAW) at the Conference Hall, Shillong. .
About 98% of the patients at this hospital are from North East India and according to the recruitment rules, this institute has been able to implement a reservation for this area where STs will get 44% because we have Nurses are encouraged to fill these vacancies.
When asked why they talked about the land grabbing and the rhah bor, it was seen that the ARPA is still talking about the rights of the ARPA. Pynshngain replied that the PDF is the opposition and when the opposition sees that there is no confidence, he said that the PDF is trying to attract people to get the vote. “If we look at the problems within the District Council, who started to shake the EC, not the ARPA people,” he said. said the king.
The grief and sorrow of the people in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills has also appeared in many news and articles that in 2018 all the people will no longer want to support and see the face of the Congress Party. which have led to many corruptions and decline of the State.
These sweet and clean wild fruits can be eaten by everyone from children to old men and women.
“As soon as we meet here at a meeting we will discuss this issue with the central government to remove these charges against the leaders or all members of the HNLC,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
“In this regard, the relatives of the woman have lodged a complaint at Mawlai Mawkynroh Police Outpost to lodge a complaint against her,” said Chyne.
It is worth mentioning that in the amendment of the Meghalaya Services and Conduct Rules 1990, the government has banned government employees from holding village posts but after the opposition of many, it has amended it to allow them to hold village posts. The village council does not hold any position but its employees have to inform the government of the position they hold.
He was rushed to hospital where he died.
It means that in the midst of a short life, man is filled with suffering.
I will wear a mask from now on and I urge others to wear masks and stay away from each other,” said Mishra.
“The absence of the four Congress MDCs is because they are still thinking and are not ready and they will come,” said Shibun. “, said the BJP president. He said that there is no restriction on the district councils.
They said that the government's introduction of Rule 20 (b) of the Meghalaya Conduct (Service) Rules, 1990 is wrong and this will disrupt the traditional khaddar system. .
If we don't take immediate action while there is still time, the time will come when there will be a terrible water shortage, especially in this spring, when the sky is bright, which is just beginning. I don't know why, but the whole reason is because I don't accept that I have such a spirit of pride.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in the state on Saturday are Mumtaz R. Marak, 45, of Balsrigittim, East Garo Hills, Krishna Bahadur Limbu, 78, of Thembasuk, Madanrting, East Khasi Hills. Shasibon Lyngdoh Nongbet, (50) of Lad Mawreng, East Khasi Hills, Frines Marak, (32) of Sunny Hills, Tura, West Garo Hills, Lumlang Ryngkhlem, (50) of Wapung School, East Jaintia Hills, Bah Stanley H.Sawian, (72) of Langkyrding, East Khasi Hills, Nanbitha N.Arengh, (47) of Spring Hills, Tura, West Garo Hills, Bah Lasiewspah L.Marshillong, (25) of Mairang, West Khasi Hills .
People don't care to eat and drink, people don't care to marry, marry and divorce even when they have children.
At the same time, he appealed to the people of the area to cooperate with the government through the employees of the new Block for the bright future of the area.
The entry fee for the chess tournament will be Rs.100/- for students and Rs.150/- for others.
Genevieve Pala, mother of three and winner of the title of Supermom 2023, is delighted to receive this award.
AIS SujaGlobal warming has now happened in this world, and we have heard it since the beginning of 2019 since this shows that warming has increased over the years. They are surprising both humans and animals why this happens but it cannot be avoided but it will continue, say the scientists.
After helping Real Madrid win the FIFA Club World Cup in Morocco, and winning the FIFA Ballon d'Or for the fourth time.
Their names are Ilarisuk Youroi, Mebankitboklang Banai, Peaceful Syngwan and Receiving Syngwan.
We have witnessed the fires of forests, hills and rivers in these days around the Bri u Hynniewtrep which has caused a great deal of heartache which has destroyed the environment and not only that. It also causes the loss of many species of plants that are useful to humans and not only that the death of insects is also terrible.
We are witnessing the burning of forests, hills and rivers in these days around the Bri u Hynniewtrep which is very painful and destroys the environment.
Early that morning Bahnah came to work and went straight to work without stopping.
They shall work for their wages and the income shall be shared among all the brothers.
In West Bengal, it has already implemented the Lakshmir Bhandar scheme, which has benefited up to 1.8 crore women.
Teresa Joseph, in charge of the children's home, said that they have received permission to draw water from the ground from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, with the knowledge of the PHE department. After reaching an agreement with the Mawlai Mawdatbaki Village Authority and also with the KSU Mawlai.
In her speech, Ms Santa Mary urged all the residents to commemorate this special day of Woh Kiang Nangbah, not only in Jowai but all over the Jaintia Hills. u Kiang Nangbah who was a freedom fighter for the country and the nation.
Kharjahrin came to file his nomination papers on 26th October in the presence of UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, HSPDP President KP Pangniang, MLAs, MDCs, party leaders and party workers from both sides. you are a synrop group.
This article is based on my findings as one of the Headmasters in rural schools, why many of the students in rural schools are inferior in reading compared to the students who attend urban schools. .
Shillong, Lber 03 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) will set up giant screens in nine villages on Saturday to show the final match of the Santosh Trophy where Meghalaya will face Karnataka for the title. .
The Prime Minister's Office has found that there is a shortage of funds from the Prime Minister's Assistance Scheme and the mismanagement of funds. offender, within 15 days.
Conrad said this while talking to reporters after the G20 summit at the Courtyard by Marriott Hotel on Tuesday.
One of the main reasons why the government has refused to accept the MBOSE's proposal is because they say that there is a new government in Delhi and there may be a change in the policy of the government. new.
A Jharkhand resident who came to visit his family said that he has been staying in Sohra for three days, but he has not been able to leave because of the beautiful nature in Sohra.
The closing date for nomination will be on 6th July and scrutiny of nominations will be on 7th July and the closing day for withdrawal of nominations will be on 9th July and voting will be held on 23rd July. and the counting of votes will be held on the 27th of July
Rijiju said the benefits from various schemes should have reached the beneficiaries.
From the 16th and 17th of November, the children of Seiñ Raij Tuber have performed the kunaiñ ka hiarwah which is part of the Behdeiñkhlam festival of Seiñ Raij Tuber, while on the 18th from 5 pm they have performed the kñia Ryngkaw. At 1 pm, two Bhang trees were brought to Aitnar for the religious game tomorrow. On the day of Atnar, these Bhang trees were brought from Phangwan and Phangneiñ. Before being brought from the forest, the Lyngdoh and Sangot had to perform the nguh ka dem.
CEM Ardent Basaiawmoit and Adilbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw will also be present on the occasion, according to a statement sent by HSPDP Pynursla.
On the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), Faleiro admitted that the Congress and other allies had fought against the Bill but now the BJP intends to bring it back in Parliament. July.
He said that the appointment of the Congress government is only a waste of public money because the government has to pay more for their salaries, the salary of the Parliamentary Secretary and other benefits such as government vehicles, residential areas,security personnel and have the same status as government ministers.
State Level Leaders will also be present on the occasion.
There is also the Peniel English School, which was established in 2005 and has been upgraded over the years according to the number of students. Laloo said that there are more than 200 children and 10 teachers in the school. The school is run by KJCMS. 19 children are from different villages, and most of them are from Shella and Sohra Constituencies.
Instead, you will be persecuted and no one will think for you except when the election is near.
“The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has worked hard to accelerate economic development in the North East.
Please produce more and more.
Shillong: The plan to hold a Dorbar Shnong in Shella village has failed again after the people once again came out to protest against the plan to hold a Dorbar Shnong.
This will ensure that the states of the region have access to electricity, and this will help in the development of factories and create jobs.
In this grand finale organized by Don Bosco Media TV Network under the leadership of Fr. Michael Makri as Director, 10 youths have reached the final round to compete. song of 1 lakh tyngka.
If only RT-PCR is enough for the elderly, why should you do the same for the children so that they can go to work because it will seriously affect their homes and work.
Shillong, March 13: The traffic jam on the Dawki road has increased with the passing of the days, where it takes up to 4 hours to travel from Dawki to Umsyiem.
“However, as I have worked in my own capacity in the past five years, I have done the work that I feel should be done, as a citizen of India, as a minority and I will continue to work with others who have the same concern and responsibility and who understand each other especially for those who don't listen and don't listen to their experiences. because they are poor and needy, made voiceless when demanding their rights and so on.
Those who are angry with me when I write “Ex.Rev” in the newspapers can do one of the following: (1) lodge a complaint immediately with the Synod, (2) lodge a complaint with the police or (3) ) file a case in the High Court.
Good for all:— Researchers on love have proved that if it weren't for love, people could get sick not only physically but also mentally which could affect the depression of the soul. shikate eh.
how to speak my sub thame: young people in the midst of despair.
Up to 200 runners took part in the 5K Run for Unity of which 80 were women.
Earlier, Sylvester Nongtnger and SP (City) Vivek Syiem held a meeting with the Police Officers of Laitumkhrah Police Station together with the MLA of Laitumkhrah Constituency Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh who is also the Minister of Home Affairs. The State Government in the presence of Laitumkhrah-Malki MDC Bah Joseph Fantin Lakadong to discuss the incident which has shocked all the residents of Shillong.
Issue, 6
Previous investigation, it is suspected that the policeman committed suicide but the investigation is ongoing to find out the cause of his death and all the facts will be revealed after a thorough investigation.
Leaders of the KSU, FKJGP and the elders of the area, said that the scheme was implemented in the village in the year 2017-2018, which should have been completed. within 2 years of the announcement of the construction of the Multi Facility Centre.
Is this institute on the same level as the AIIMS in the country ? The answer is yes because according to the reply received by the RTI, the institute does not have any information on its status.
For Robert, Ph.D.
According to a source from Nonpoh PS, the police, after receiving a tip about the presence of the body at the scene, rushed to the scene. they did find the body.
While 'Maiñ bad Iktiar' refers to the character of a person who has reached the character of manhood, not one who has been born or has a tmaiñ, but one who has power, morality and dignity. the spirit that makes you.
“The reason why the Assam government has forcibly occupied Nongwah Mawtamur is that the Meghalaya Government or the District Council authorities have not taken action since the beginning. However, the villagers are still relying on the present government to bring them back to Meghalaya. The villages have cemeteries, hills and forests. “It is sad that even the local MLA of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that Nongwah Mawtamur has fallen to Assam,” said Bah Bandari President of the CoRP. All the land is registered in the Hima Sohiong.
The SCERT will launch the School Quality Assessment and Accreditation Framework (SQAAF) through discussions with stakeholders.
Besides generating electricity from water and coal, the government has also directed MeCEL to create opportunities to generate electricity from other sources such as fertilizer, solar and other sources of electricity. .
He said Conrad is needed as a leader of the North East and not only of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and MDC of Jaiaw Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday demanded that the government should immediately arrest the contractor and blacklist the contractor. The Company has dismissed the engineers of the PWD (Building) department in charge of the construction of the new Assembly Hall at Mawdiangdiang. Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said, “This is the collapse of the Dome which was built on the roof of the central part of the Assembly. It has caused a great deal of trouble to the state because the House of Representatives has not yet passed a law.
The exact number of cases is 31,332, while 22,629 are still undergoing treatment and 7,695 have recovered.
Hundreds of houses have been destroyed by the cold weather in Nongsning, War Jaintia village in the past few days. They have the right to rebuild their houses as most of these villages are poor.
Shillong, November 09: Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo has urged the kidnappers to release Dinner Syiemlieh without any injury.
For the first time, a team of women police officers has been deployed to check women entering and leaving these places.
“So this is just a rule to increase the allocation from T.500 crore to T.1000 crore because we always get more money from the Government of India and the revenue share and so on. The shares of the Fund from the Central Government have increased and we are in a position where we will receive more funds for development projects, but the provisions in the Budgetary Provision are not yet sufficient to use “Therefore, these rules have to be increased so that we can be in that position to use the money that comes from the central government,” said Conrad.
Different villages including Panaliar, Chilliangraij, Dulong, Loomkyrwiang, Loomyongkjam, Oongpiah including the Khasi Kmie, Shillong Raij, Tylli Niamtre Ladthadlaboh and Ummulong. news to the public.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Former MLA of Umroi constituency, Bah Stanleywiss Rymbai, has been released on bail this evening.
However, as the state is known as a country of knowledge of people and knowledge of God, please implement this properly and don't be deceived and led by money.
To date, 62.8 percent of US citizens have been vaccinated once and 133.6 million have been fully vaccinated.
“As it turns out, Mukul Sangma has shown his political weakness within his party,” he said. “In 2018, Mukul Sangma's government will not come to power if the voice of the people is now a signal".
The result of the U-17 women's category was that Sibsingh Memorial High School beat South Garo Hills Telekali SSA UP School 6-0 Sec School beat Monfort Dilni Bolchugre School 7-0 while Ri Bhoi Saiden Sec School beat Rongrong Union Union UP School 7-0 North Liberty Hr Sec School beat Eastern West Khasi Hills Little Stars Sec School 6-1
Warner, the top scorer of all overseas players with 5,881 runs, has been sacked as captain and has been suspended from the team and later released. from the team in the biggest sports market in
KSU-NC: The President of the Khasi Student Union, Narpuh Circle, in a statement, said, “As part of the joint efforts with all the countries of the world to celebrate the Environment Day, KSU Narpuh Circle today held a Slogan Writing Competition and Drawing Competition at Divine Word Secondary School Lumshnong.
New Delhi: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today launched 70 small trucks of piat at the price of T.23.90 per kilo and 400 tonnes. ration shop.
Other MLAs who also participated in the meeting were Bah Himalaya Shangpliang of Mawsynram Constituency who said that the price of jhur, petrol and diesel has affected the day laborers and the employment of the youth and u Bah PT Sawkmie who said that after Assam passed the ban on cows, there are no cows in Khanapara anymore and he is also concerned that the cow traders from the state have to pay illegally collected taxes.
“The areas in the European ward fall under the control and supervision of the government.
Before the Age of Destruction by the Jewish Nation, there were tens of millions of people on earth who lived as slaves and slaves.
In addition, it is also the state with the highest tobacco use with 47% of youth (according to the Global Adult Tobacco Survey, 2016-17) and 34% of those aged 13-15 years (according to the Global Youth Tobacco Survey, 2019) does not use tobacco in many ways.
Some of these include the presence of an amino acid known as tryptophan, which helps to improve mood and through the presence of a chemical known as serotonin.
“On the day you go for treatment whether in government or private hospitals, you can register with MHIS. “From other diseases, they can register there to get help,” he said.
Therefore, as the days go by, many of the wells in the state are beginning to disappear, where the floods that have been flowing for four seasons, have now begun to disappear, but There are only the footprints of the flow of water, which have turned into nations that have been destroyed by the excessive acts of mankind.
He said that the youth should not hide their talents, but should make full use of those talents, so that it will become a source of employment in their lives.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) of Khasi Hills Division, Bah WS Marngar said that these 21 villages have accepted the government's proposal after a thorough discussion to avoid misunderstanding.
The Association has met with the Minister in charge of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare to request for the reduction or cancellation of the fine for the delay in payment of national permits for trucks.
Seven Brothers FC beat Ryntih SC 2-0 in the final on Saturday at Mawkynjoiñ Laitkseh Stadium.
The NPP is still in power...If the BJP is in power, it will not benefit you because the power in Meghalaya is still in Conrad.
Compassion on top of compassion.
The construction will be two storeys and has been awarded to the National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC).
The troops have now been able to stop the advance of militants in parts of Samara, the capital, just 110km (68 miles) east of Baghdad.
The North East Sunshine Trust (India) has sent a petition to the Union Minister of State for Uranium Mining in Meghalaya. The Ministry of Atomic Energy, Dr Jitendra Singh on 26th June 2013, has demanded the start of the uranium mining project in the state.
The Commissioner & Secretary, PHE Department and Mission Director of the Jal Jeevan Mission, Syed MDA Razi, expressed his delight over this achievement.
Therefore, the union requested the Minister to ensure that the ANTF should not only have a name, but should also fulfill its duties to curb drugs in Mawkyrwat. .
East Khasi Hills has 50 cases and West Garo Hills has 20 cases.
Lucifer was the archangel in heaven, slightly below Jesus.
He was also invited to become a Professor at Calcutta University at the age of 30 and was elected Vice-Chancellor at Andhra University at the age of year where he worked 5years there.
Now these students are turning to the High Court to challenge and restrain the Dorbar Shnongs and ban the villages from holding elections and electing joint candidates.
Let us not talk at length, but in Shillong, there are still newspapers, which publish the voice of the Sengbhalang, the voice of the villagers and so on.
That child is Christ Jesus.
Nongpoh: A group of unnamed groups have sent a letter of apology to the Nongpoh Police Station to apologize to the police after they found They were showing on the road how to drive the two wheels.
Kong Marweiñ was cleaning the house when the earthquake struck.
Let us look at the “ALL ABOVE LAW”.
Shillong, November 19: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has agreed not to count the elderly applicants in the Department of Textiles, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday.
Upon learning that the truck carrying Kyiad had overturned, the residents rushed to the scene to recover the Kyiad which had fallen from the truck. It was not until the arrival of the Nongpoh Police Station, who prevented the people from taking the Kyiad which fell from the overturned truck.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky recently welcomed NATO's commitments in Vilnius that the group will fight as hard as it can to create opportunities for Ukraine to get admitted and become a full member of NATO in the days to come.
Then again said they unto the blind man, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes? The blind man answered them, “I told you already, and you didn't listen.
He acknowledged that the Congress government is against corruption and has appointed the Lokayukta which is one step to fight corruption.
Yes, I support pdf, to form with congress I don't work.
The Crystal Award 2021 for Excellence in Arts was awarded by the Governor of Meghalaya, Satyapal Malik to Wanhi-I Challam of Chilliang Raij, Jowai at the Governor's Hall today. Crystal Gayle Kharnaior's fourth birthday.
"As a Christian, I believe there is truth in that," Pompeo said, adding that it is very important that the United States has a sense of responsibility for Israel's democracy. it is the Land of the Jews.
“The NPP represents all the states of the Northeast and if we have one voice like 20 or 21 MPs from the Northeast, the voice will be strong in Parliament,” he said.
France on Tuesday announced that it will send 12 more small arms and vehicles to Ukraine as part of its support and strengthening of the Ukrainian army amid the fight against the invasion. the Russian army.
Meanwhile, world champion Fred Kerley won the men's 100m at the 3rd Diamond League Meeting of the season.
“When I was a child I didn’t have shoes where I only got shoes and clothes once a year, but now after 50 years there has been a lot of change.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 04: The Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) on Saturday decided to improve the lives of 21 youths who are residents of villages in the Mawlai district. who have been enslaved to the life of drugs.
According to records, most of the visa frauds were from Ernakulam district.
Police said about 17 bodies have been recovered so far, and many others are still missing.
The Jowai Sub-Division is the Hill Portion of the Jaintia Hills (Sutnga) which was created as a British Area in 1835 after Rajendra Singh no longer wanted to be the Syiem of the country. -The mountains of the Jaintia Hills.
Hamlet said how can KHNAM say that the UDP candidate cannot reach the goal of victory without taking counts or surveying across the constituencies.
Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA, Lamphrang Blah, MDC, Chairman of KHADC, Staising Kharbteng, Banraplang Kharbteng, Rangbah Shnong and residents.
The BJP in 2022 has nominated Rikman G Momin as the Lok Sabha candidate from Tura Parliamentary constituency in Meghalaya.
Most of the victims are children and the parents of these children have expressed their deep concern over the health of their children in these days. The government's stinginess and stinginess even though many children in the country have been affected by the new respiratory disease.
Speaking on the appointment, Benali said, “It is a great honor for me to accept this position as the head coach of NEUFC. advanced levels.
These words of Myrsiang which he turned against Singh remind me and prompt me to interpret these words of Myrsiang and this invasion of Mynder into our State.
Therefore, he said that if the two seats from Meghalaya are more important to the TMC and the 42 seats are not needed, that is a clearer answer.
Nongpoh, Nailar 06: U Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA of Nongpoh Constituency on Tuesday handed over development works to Kongripara and Narang villages for the benefit and needs of the residents. .
After six months of opening the account, the government will send T.5000 to each account opened.
Therefore, if the leaders in the state do not think again and change their minds from now on, the death will not be for them but for the small and the rich.
Along with other achievements, Supercare Hospital is also the only hospital in the North East to have received all the NABH Accreditation, NABH Certification for Emergency and NABH Nursing Excellence.
Nongtraw said the party does not support any political party but any party should work fairly to serve the people of the state.
However, it was learned that only the Dkhars wanted to resolve the issue, but Bah Warlarpih said that such a discussion happened two years ago, when the KJBA wanted to take away the KJBA. At that time, the Dkhars had talked to sell cows in Byrnihat, but he said that the talks ended without success on the demand of the KJBA to stop the cow market. you are going to Bangladesh.
According to Bah Pyniaid, the meeting was called blindly without any reply from him on the allegation against the party.
Jowai, March 14 : The 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022, was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
As part of the continuation of the raid, the Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Khasi Hills District has conducted raids on restaurants and other places where there are 136.500 liters of pyrsi and 24.550 liters of phareng.
They were arrested while boarding a train bound for Bengaluru.
“If it doesn't pass tomorrow, it means that the Bill has a delay,” said Bah Pynshngain.
These are the two demands of the FKJGP which will be explained to the public at the rally in Shillong on the 28th March.
Overness Masynting, Sordar of Raid Mawshun, said that the residents have not blocked the road at all and said that the new line will have a lot of water. He said that nine streams will be lost through the passage of this road and he said that the residents have suggested that the NHIDCL department should take over the road. , by another line, to avoid running out of wells.
Mukhla won a cash prize of 5 lakh tyngka and a trophy, while the second team won a cash prize of 2 lakh tyngka and a trophy.
The union has urged the DC to order the drivers to increase the fare to T.100 as it was before the lockdown.
The incident occurred when Kejriwal was leaving the office to eat lunch when a man came to him and said that he urgently needed to go home. He talked to him and at that time, he threw powder on Kejriwal's body.
Research facilities such as ECG, USG, X-ray, laboratories, Nadi Tarangani and others are fully equipped at this place.
Messages of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) to the Elected Parties, Candidates and Political Parties relationship with the election of leaders in our State in the near future.
Dr. Mishra's previous positions include Commander of the NSG (Black Cat Commandos) Counter Hijack Task Force. his heroic struggle to rescue 124 people after their plane was hijacked.
Drs. DM Firake, Senior Scientist (Entology), ICAR, NEHR, who is an expert, explained the prevention measures.
JCI President Soni Bhoot and Harish Jhunjhunwala also delivered speeches on the occasion and suggested the use of plastic items in everyday life.
“He added that cigarettes and other tobacco products contain nicotine to which users are addicted.
For the selection of athletes in Archery, Karate, Boxing, Judo (male & female) under the Residential & Non Residential scheme, SAI; The selection will be held at the Sports Authority of India Ground, NEHU Campus Shillong on the 18th-19th November, at 8 pm (12 to 18 years).
Not only that, it was also found that foreigners do not respect even the Dorbar Shnongs and the Village Authorities, because they set up the trade without a No Objection Certificate from the the Village Council.
According to reports, the UDP has not allowed the MDCs to move a no-confidence motion in the KHADC. He said that the UDP puts the party first and the private sector behind but he said that many of these will be discussed at the meeting to be held on the night of the 20th.
“Regarding the issue of illegal entry of foreigners, measures have been taken in various aspects and it does not mean that nothing has been done, such as the installation of Infiltration Check Gates or The work of various departments to find such people and send them back”.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Nine byrni with tyrpad leaves have been set on fire by suspected members of the Sengbhalang at Mawiong Market.
The jobs of IITs should be at the level of adequate start-ups but they cannot provide the jobs that India 2047 needs.
He was identified as Holei Binan from Wahumlein village, Pynursla village near Tangmang village, Nongshken district.
Bah Mawrie said he is deeply saddened by the State Government which has received thousands of applications.
CP Gotmore IAS, DC West Jaintia Hills has been transferred to the post of Secretary, Education Department.
According to historians, Saul and Jesus were related, lived with the elders, grew up in the first century, one may be older than the other.
During the inspection, it was found that almost all the roads in Nongstoiñ Town have been destroyed.
Speaking to the EJNC leaders, the DC said that the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (Impact Assessment-II Division) through a letter sent on 18th July 2020, has ordered The DC's Office to hold a public hearing on Star Cement Ltd.
Please note that you will not be able to apply for permission from D.C. but you will not be able to visit Carol until 26 December.
A case has been registered at Lumshnong PS and the search for the suspects is ongoing.
The KSU will take action against the employers who are allowed to bring in foreign workers without proper documents as they are the ones who encourage and violate the Inter-state Migrant Workmen Act. The Regulations of Employment and Conditions of Service Act 2011, which has its own rules and regulations, and these foreigners were arrested by the Umsning Police Station and confirmed to return these foreigners to their villages. they come.
Meanwhile, the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) under the umbrella of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employment Union (MCCEU) have conducted a cleanliness drive around the factory. three more.
The District Sports Officer (DSO) has invited only 8 schools to participate in the tournament. There was a strong participation in the tournament even though it was only one day.
The question is whether the NPP lacks a leader or candidate to support Bah Shangpliang of the BJP? We all know that the NPP has not done well as expected in the MLA elections. in the Khasi Hills of Jaintia Hills.
The festival is part of the efforts to encourage the people of the area to protect the environment.
Shillong, July 17: The Congress party on Tuesday urged the voters of Meghalaya to warn the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the upcoming elections. MPCC President Vincent H. Pala in an interview with the media said that no one can form a government without the support of the BJP. The BJP leaders' statements are like an attempt to intimidate the people of Meghalaya.
"“The HNLC strongly condemns this evil intention of the government, as it intends to destroy the jobs of the residents of Sohra instead of the government taking steps to improve the situation. “The MCCL, the state government has the intention to ban, and is fighting to promote foreign-owned dew factories, which is unacceptable to the state,” he said.
Other speakers included Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, PK Boro Project Director DRDA and the meeting was conducted by BDO BDO.
In the men's semi final, West Jaintia Hills beat Eastern West Khasi Hills 2-0
The candidates are K Kristerwell Tangsong, former Sordar of Nongtyngur and Holland Khongyiang of Riwar.
The gold was smuggled from Bholaganj on the Indo-Bangla border.
Shillong: A delegation of leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) has arrived in Delhi to meet the Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Union Government. Sabha from Tura Parliamentary Constituency, Agatha K Sangma together with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, Minister of State Marcuise N Marak and others, to demand that the the Garo language, in relation to the recognition of the Government of India.
“I will receive the report in January and after that we will decide how to resolve this issue.
It is to be recalled that on the same issue, the union has been demanding since last year to ensure that the Centers for those Khasi students who write CUET should be located in the state and thus the Government. I have done what is necessary.
The backwardness of the State can be blamed on the Chief Executive Members who hold the shabuk and who are willing to sympathize with the employees of the state. these days.
Subodh Yadav,IAS, Joint Secretary, DoWR, RD & GRJal Shakti Ministinstry, Govt.
Six hours after the work outside the gate of the prison, the leaves, the rice and the pylleng were prepared in advance to cover the imprisonment of the man. one of the elders of Wahkhen, Bah Phung Khongwet; and it was seen that he had covered the body of the old man with a blanket and with the leaves of synsar.
On the other hand, the Seng said that such matters should be discussed and discussed carefully to avoid any confusion and otherwise it will lead to grief.
The office bearers of KSU Halflong Dima Unit are Monalisa Dhar, President, Archanki Suchiang, Vice President, Bansuklang Tariang, General Secretary and others.
On the other hand, the union also discussed the lack of test equipment such as X-ray Scanning, Ultra Sound, MRI, CT Scan and from time to time the people have to send for tests abroad at a high cost. In this regard, the Officer in charge of MHIS explained that the patients who send for testing to Private Test Centers should provide Receipts, Cash memos, so that they can receive the bailut through the smart and also the remaining medicines. You can also buy from private pharmacies.
All Village Leaders shall ensure the smooth running of these ration shops in the villages and to follow the health rules and regulations not to fight and to avoid and to keep a distance of about 1 meter.
The awards were presented by the Chief Guest, Dr. Sylvanus Lamare, Principal of St. Edmund's College and the Chief Guest, Bah Ransom Sutnga in the presence of the grandson of this great writer. Eldora Betsy Lyngdoh, Dr. Herbert Lyngdoh, Head of the Kur Lyngdoh and others.
The lack of strictness in the issuance of licenses is also the reason why the police department is facing a lot of problems and this is also the reason why traffic jams in many places because many people don't even know the rules. You must respect and allow pedestrians to pass through these Zebra Crossings.
“We do not accept any fraudulent law and the allegation of writing errors is unacceptable,” they said.
The meeting also decided to demand that the government should forgive the KCC loan which they have taken due to the decline in the price of agricultural products and the lack of adequate price. , concluded this statement by Bah Shangpliang.
Nehemayah Tyngkan and his colleagues as citizens expressed their deep sorrow over the lack of assistance from the State Government.
This Regulation contains 225 Acts; The most prominent of these are the Indian Christian Marriage Act, 1872, the Eastern Bengal and Assam Excise Act, 1910 and the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 (ILP).
Domïasiat and Mawthabah – 9500 tons2
However, despite the promise to the Cabinet Secretary, MePDCL has proceeded to provide the SAUBHAGYA works to these TKCs in the month of June-October 2019, and therefore, this is a benefit to them. company and has also resulted in avoidable expenses.
Speaking at a meeting held on October 15, 2023 at Thangsning to congratulate the office bearers and supporters for winning the MLA election on October 2, 2023, Bah Banteidor said that The Constituency still needs a lot of work to improve the development.
“Expressing his satisfaction that the school building has been completed in just 8 months, the MLA said that since he won and since he was promoted from UP to Secondary, he has donated about 3 lakh rupees. tyngka each school to help pay salaries of teachers.
The project has been proposed under NESID and other places to be funded by the state government.
Shillong, July 27: The Chairman of the Public Account Committee (PAC) of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the arrest of former Umroi MLA Stanlywiss Rymbai is a mistake. based on the findings of the police investigating the case.
Shillong, June 20: The Dorbar Shnong Umran Parila, Ri-Bhoi District today submitted a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh. They demanded the renovation and opening of the Maternity and Child Hospital (MCH) at Umsning Parila, Ribhoi District.
At the same time, the Dorbar has decided that in relation to the Khadar System, there should be peace and order in the villages and also in any needs of the people, private individuals, Sengbhalang, groups and offices. Government officials who need them in Kongthong Village should come or meet directly with Bah Coming Home Pohnong who is the Rangbah Shnong.
Another problem they face is that the cooks in the schools for the students are paid only twelve months a year, they want the government to pay them all 12 months.
It should be shared so that there will be more transparency and transparency in the administration.
Aleric Wanswet scored 37 runs off 36 balls.
The college authorities said that this is the only way to stop the cheating of students, as in the past, there has been a lot of cheating in various examinations.
Shen said the committee will visit Ganesh Das Hospital, Jowai Civil Hospital, Resubelpara CHC and Songsak PHC on the 13th and 14th of this month to distribute gifts to mothers who have given birth. .
However, after the independence of India and the independence of Meghalaya, the Shillong Municipal Board has taken over this land to accommodate only its own employees while recognizing others as non-citizens. law.
There are 14 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
The Bible verse from Matthew 14:25 was also written on the shoe and a drop of blood was placed on the shoe.
The HFU invites all farmers, farmers and all those involved in agriculture to come and take part in this meeting organized by the HFU at Mawkhar Dorbar Hall at 11 am in the morning.
The High Court has also ordered the Joint Secretary to issue an order to deploy security forces at the residence of the Chief Justice and Judges after they leave their offices or on their way or while travelling. .
However, the problem faced by the youth is that there are other cases, where the life that is just beginning to blossom, but it has been found that they have been forcibly destroyed. They are all kinds of people, whose good name cannot be found anymore, but who have a bad name.
However, the reason for his punishment was not always related to education.
Therefore, the Government is allowed to buy and eat only local fish from Meghalaya and neighboring Assam.
Since the 1950s we have had restrictions on the import of uranium to make U-235, which is essential in the manufacture of nuclear weapons.
Young men and women as well as women took part in the dance to their own traditional songs related to the mei ramew and the customs and traditions which impressed the witnesses.
According to the petition, the union said that this road, which was constructed by a Russian company, has caused a lot of trouble to the people in coming and going due to the deterioration and change of hands during the rainy season.
The organization would like to express its gratitude to all the winners and losers.
The street house is located near Payal Cinema, near the Congress party headquarters in Police Bazar Shillong, owned by Govind Singhania, Murli Singhania and Nilesh Singhania.
Shillong, March 27 : The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today urged the NPP candidates to shut their colors before contesting the 2023 elections. I don't sting.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA and MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Mizoram, Pu Zoramthanga. The Chairman of the Mizoram State Planning Board on Tuesday, 18th July
The Seng Khasi Mylliem leaders have agreed and accepted the peace talks opened by the DC, but have not yet taken a decision.
He said that the authorities of these areas should sit down with the MLA of the area and officers from the education and health departments to prepare a report. to the government.
He said that there was no traffic jam last month, he said that the order was issued only to protect the small towns.
Four organizations from West Khasi Hills District including the West Khasi Students Union, the Western Youth Federation Sengkmie, UHM, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement and the MYF have expressed their dissatisfaction with the The State Government has failed to provide accurate information regarding the visit of Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare to inspect the health centers on the 26th of this month in Nongstoiñ.
Khliehriat, March 29: Police of Khliehriat Police Station on Tuesday conducted a raid at 11.30 pm and seized 274.23 grams of heroin worth Rs.1.5 crore.
When they speak proudly and arrogantly, it shows that such ones have a proud spirit.
MPS Manik Syiem has been transferred and appointed as Sub-Divisional Police Officer, Sohra, East Khasi Hills to fill the vacancy.
The program was organized in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, Shillong (MACS) and the National Health Mission (Meghalaya) NHM on the theme .
The Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) on Monday said that the appointment of retired government employees in the Directorate of Investigation and Directorate of Prosecution within the Lokayukta office has not been in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Lokayukta. Local Government Act 2014.
That night she wondered what she would do.
The three candidates include MP Vincent H Pala, John Kharshiing and former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Charles Pyngrope.
The Forum also requests the Government not only to Khanduli Mukroh Psiar or neighboring villages but also to the most remote and ends of the Block. -1 who should not be re-transferred to Meghalaya.
Shillong, Sohra and Umiam have received no rainfall today; However, yesterday, the heaviest rainfall was recorded in Sohra, which reached 146.8mm.
These diseases affect the income and health.
On the government's acceptance to discuss the Reservation Policy according to the demand of the Voice of the People Party, Bah AL Hek said that this is the right step taken by the government because He said that all political parties should be able to discuss and discuss the issue of unemployment which has been in existence for more than 50 years and said that the government will continue to discuss the issue of the people in the state. .
Besides, they also reviewed the end of year report of the TB Hospital and the group decided to donate to the leper colony as many of them do not receive any assistance from the government.
The next day, the Secretary and some Members of the Dorbar, went to the house of Bah Shanbor in the evening.
Commenting on the defeat of the HSPDP in Nongkrem in the mid-term MDC elections, Shylla said that after the defeat of the HSPDP in Nongkrem. Ardent has threatened to attack the Weight Bridge run by the former Nongkrem MLA. “As soon as these statements are made by Ardent, the Singhs in Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills will attack the Weight Bridge. “It was there that Ardent tried to hide in the name of the Pre-Poll Alliance,” said Shylla.
She also said that as parents, they should give education to their children so that their future will not be a dark future but a light for themselves. know what to do when faced with life's challenges.
These office bearers of these two areas were confirmed by RJ Thangkhiew, Political Secretary of RBYF Sengkmie, Bah PP Kylla, Finance Secretary of RBYF Sengkmie and other office bearers of the party, including Bah Shining. Thangkhiew, Bah Dreggy Syn, Leaders of RBYF Umsning Circle and others.
Shillong: U Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the MLA of North Karimganj Constituency, Assam, Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha, to explain the work of Meghalaya.
“They claim that God came back to earth through this woman and write the words of this woman as a spiritual witness and write and publish these books through Keyho said that Jesus, in his own words, made it clear that he would return to earth as King. and as it was before and it is not, through this Chinese woman.
The final match between the two teams was played at Madan Shnong Mawshun. In the first half, no one could score but after the start of the second half, the match was played. Teibhalang Khongyiap opened the scoring in the 55th minute while Surok Bah FC couldn't turn the tide until the end. winner and also became the Team of the Year four times in a row in the last four years.
So far, 2.2 lakh people have died worldwide and 32 lakh have been infected, according to Johns Hopkins University.
The election becomes very distant.
Where are you again? The rich man sleeps free of charge in a private ward and doctors and nurses visit him frequently, while the poor man has to sleep in a ward that looks like a cow shed, with neglect! Oh! u bapli u kup knup kup trab, he has already received hell on earth, will he have to go back to another hell when he dies? They went to Vellore, Bangalore, Chennai and so on.
Therefore, the founder of the club has tried his best to help these people with the donation of the club as much as they have along with the donation of some private individuals who do not want to be named. They have donated with the intention that this man will continue to carry out this good work around the country.
Of the 37 cases, 36 were reported in Hubei Province and one in Sichuan Province.
The personal duties of the MLAs in the Ïingdorbar include the introduction of matters for discussion and the introduction of laws among others.
“As a leader, we don't just criticize the shortcomings, but we also give suggestions for improvement, and we have to give praise when it is due.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shnongpdeng Unit has expressed its regret over the delay in the construction of the road from Dawki Amlarem to Jowai Road. Darrang and Central Villages.
Regarding the Bolero, the youths who allegedly abducted the Bolero did not know anything and had nothing to do with the abduction of the Bolero. They use a Bolero, but they use a Maruti Car and a Maruti Zen which they use to load coal and to follow the coal trucks.
The new cases include EKH: 40, RBD: 2, WGH: 6, WJH: 8 and WKH:
We have asked the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to take action on this issue,” he said.
The leaders of the union said that the population has increased more than in some districts, while the work in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division is still slow due to the negligence of the government.
Nobody is allowed to buy or drive a car, but whatever you do, you must have an understanding as a human being, a sense of responsibility and knowledge of the laws and regulations that have been violated by the law. There are still many other laws that are not written because if you write them all down there will be no place in this world but you must understand that the writer will not be able to forget one incident in another. While she was leaving school with her friends to go home, a truck came at speed and almost in front of the student, the driver hit her. The dirty water has covered all the vehicles besides the white and bright uniforms and the vehicle has left.
Elderly people like Jiren Swer and Muni Swer even in their old age can still walk.
Shillong, July 29: The protest of the MPUF in Jowai has ended after the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, took over as the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
However, when she reached Umroi Nongrah on the Shillong By-pass, she collided head-on with an Alto K10 coming from the opposite direction.
Jowai, Nailar 12: The employees of the Jaintia Municipal Board, in a meeting held today, have decided to end their strike, after the state government promised to pay their salaries. which is 5 months as well as for the nailar.
This cycle stand has been set up to encourage cyclists in the markets, streets and roads and to make it easier for them at the same time.
The Minister of Tourism, Government of Nepal will inaugurate the exhibition on 14th July, 2017 at Siddhartha Art Gallery, Kathmandu.
The fourth has never received a bill for electricity and the pending bill has reached billions of rupees and it is not known when it will receive the remaining bills.
The reasons for this are (1) During this pandemic, the village churches can no longer go to work to give you money and can no longer hold church services, (2) that you church workers can no longer I just sat down and didn't work anymore.
“We have received a directive from the Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare not to conduct the test for the MBBS seat in the open category.
Nongpoh, Naitung 23: Before the people reach the time to renew their leaders from different constituencies in the state for the 2023 elections in the state, the Trinamul Congress today resigned. to Mawhati to announce the candidate and also to confirm the full leaders of the Mawhati Block Committee.
The number of cases of covid-19 in Assam has risen by 1,736 today, bringing the total number of cases to 1,69,110; Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said in a statement that 1,36,712 people have recovered from the disease, 638 have died and 31,757 are undergoing treatment.
MLAs can send their suggestions or advocate for areas that need roads, but to build them is the responsibility of the government.
Another issue is the sudden absence of the police to patrol the market, which has encouraged the robbers and robbers to steal while walking along the road. it is the market where many are longkmie.
The FKJGP, General Secretary of the KSU Mawkyrwat, Bah Elde Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the KSU Mawkyrwat Village, Bah Elde Lyngdoh, KSU Mawkyrwat Village Council. FKJGP Central Body and other members.
" Evidence, Valuation and Behavior"All problems stem from these three imperatives at this point – evidence, value and behavior.
When inquired whether there is no Aircel office or another Aircel office, the residents said that they came only to this one office in Bijoy area. They have closed down, even the headquarters at Police Bazar has closed down and now there is only one.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 2,3
The 180 kilometer Phulbari Goeragre road has been funded by Jica to connect Sirampur in Assam on the East West Corridor to the borders of Dalu in Meghalaya. between neighboring countries such as Bhutan and Bangladesh.
Indian Minister Giriraj Singh has ordered the people of his constituency in Begusarai to sympathize with sticks if employees in government offices do not listen to their demands. different needs.
According to the report of the Government of Meghalaya, in the early years of the implementation of the scheme, ASHAs received an additional allowance of 150 tyngka to 1000 tyngka per month.
Meanwhile, the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has urged anyone who comes to the Jirang C&RD office from 15th July to stay at home. for 10 days.
On what basis do you consider our protest illegal,” asked Bernita.
Boris Johnson, the prime minister of England, has announced that working from home will end soon.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (Traffic) Kamakhya Prasad, East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that the driver of the motorcycle was a child. and minor and if punished, the parents shall also be punished according to the provisions of the law.
At the time of writing, the cause of the fire is unknown and investigation is ongoing to find out the cause.
So far, 18 people have been arrested for drug trafficking to Sushant, including Rhea Chakraborty, her brother Showik, Sushant's housekeeper Samuel Miranda and others. Sushant's wife, Dipesh Sawant.
Thank you if you can give and the times will be happier.
Pathaan director Siddharth Anand has spoken about the success of the film and its ability to attract the audience as he feels that all this is due to the love and desire of the audience for Shah Rukh. They have asked this tyngshop to appear again in the film industry as he has done in the past.
In the opening day of the tournament, St Joseph's Sec School beat Marngor SC 2-1, Amigos FC beat Markasa Sport Club 2-1 Springfield Laitkseh Challengers beat Little Star Clouded Leopard FC 2-1 while Marang Jaidoh UPS beat Seven Brother Secondary School 4-1
Even today, among the Rongkhang (rongkhang means syriem like hima or elaka in our language) only this kur has been able to become king.
Shillong, November 21: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the development of cricket in the state.
But at first they were from the same village.
“But what’s happening now? Now, this government has issued a proclamation which is designed to destroy our people.
At the North East Games 2022 in Shillong, Meghalaya came fourth with 36 gold, 35 silver and 78 bronze medals.
Lapang, who used to be an MLA in the House with Bring, said, “Bah Bring is a very strong prime minister”.
Shilla Bishnab, who is delighted with this once in a lifetime opportunity, said, “I will discuss how the National Education Policy 2020 will empower the students and the society as a whole. it will pave the way for a new India.
The meeting was attended by CR Sangma EAC West Khasi Hills District as the chief guest and was accompanied by Bah N. Marweiñ Vice Principal of Nongstoin College.
Because those foreign officials from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh were brought in on the grounds that they were persecuted by the Muslim population in these countries.
No entry will be open from Mission Compound to Iawmusiang to DC Office.
The State Legislative Assembly will start on the 9th of this month and end on the 15th of November
The final will be between Mairang United, the fan club of Manchester United, and FC Bayern United, the fan club of Manchester United. The final will be held on the 29th June 2023 at Dom Mawlum Pyndengumiong Mairang at 3 pm.
The Union demands that the Council should take immediate action within 20 days of receipt of the letter in order to enforce the rules of procedure of the Sixth Schedule and also to protect the the rights of the citizens of the State.
The MPUF has urged the MePDCL department to take action to repair this transformer so that the people can use the electricity properly.
On July 29, 2023, lakhs of contaminated drugs worth crores of rupees were dumped in a landfill in Marten.
Until receiving the news, the police have not been able to learn how these two persons managed to steal the suloi from the policeman. snig.
The HNLC also warned Star Cement that if it does not stop mining coal from Brishyrnot, the HNLC will not hesitate to attack the factory.
Many of those who have worked in this field for many years and have passed the age of employment elsewhere when the central government has said to take them to the state government. take them.
Therefore, it is necessary for the public to protect this river and especially the fish in it.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 193 people have been confirmed with the virus and there are 2295 active cases in the state.
Through the initiative of the village and hard work to track down the perpetrators, it was said that on Tuesday morning, this young woman, who is under 18 years old, came forward to confess to the crime. that she did.
After the Holy Mass, Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli launched a book on the history of the Salesian journey in the last 100 years. resident invite special.
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Meghalaya on Friday demanded that the Government should suspend the results of the post of Assistant Teachers in Government Lower Primary Schools in Dadenggre Subdivision, West Garo District. alleging that there are many inadequacies.
So the police asked, “Why didn't you complain earlier?” I replied, “The thief spends less than what my wife used to spend”.
The ceremony was attended by MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Carness Sohshang, Parish Priest of Mawkyrwat, Rev. Fr Friding Kharsieong and other invitees.
The KSU has also warned the Sumo drivers that if the KSU finds or receives such complaints, the KSU has informed the school children that there has been such an incident and they should immediately inform them. The phone numbers are 9612261171, 8575744274, 8794602546, according to a statement sent by Samla, Garland Shadap Manner.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Police today arrested three drug dealers and drug users from the parking lot of Bethany Hospital, Nongrim Hills while they were trying to sell drugs in a Bolero (ML 05 D 5865).
Other speakers included Rosana Lyngdoh, Director, Impulse NGO Network Shillong.
“To pump all the water you have to pump from all the crematoria in the area which is not less than 100, but these experts have pulled only from one or two crematoria wherever they can.
The meeting was conducted by Babu SP Marweiñ, welcome speech by H.Lyngdoh in the presence of fellow teachers and parents of the students.
All of us have been in the past.
After this, Vincent will leave to hold a meeting in Narpuh Elaka and the Biate area.
Ticket offices will open from 11:00 pm and the public is advised to stay in their seats from 12:00 pm.
There are also MLAs who have suffered defeat because when they won they refused to meet the voters especially their own supporters.
There are many who laugh at you.
He said that the need to preserve and develop medicinal plants is because these days, many of them have disappeared due to the destruction of forests by man.
In Nagaland, the NDPP, led by Neiphiu Rio, has won in 25 constituencies, the NPF in 21 constituencies, while in Tripura, the Left has won. in 31 constituencies, the BJP in 25 constituencies.
He said that through this place, they have been able to employ about 5 people every day and the income has reached 10 lakh fifty thousand tyngka (T.1,50,000/-) per annum. he paid the wages.
Matthew 13:38-39.
In small nurseries, those with plenty of water, the seedlings grow faster, and should be planted at the right time, otherwise the time may be delayed.
The schedule of the tournament will continue in which each team will play seven matches during the two years of the tournament; that three home-games and wet games will be away.
God has reconciled the world through His Son Jesus Christ, it is no longer the beginning but the end because it has been going on for 2000 years and more.
Shillong, November 23 : The Congress on Thursday announced that it is expected to win half or more than half of the number of candidates in the MLA elections next year. .
The new Dorbar Hall has been constructed under the 100 days MGNREGS scheme for the year 2020-21 at a cost of T.20 lakh. The ground floor worth T.8 lakh and also the fencing worth T.8 lakh and the total amount is T.36,78,502/- tyngka.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit stressed on the importance of clean governance.
Because the incident on the border is not the action of the two governments but the involvement of individuals with the understanding of some.
The Sengbhalang also strongly condemned the state government for delaying the implementation of the first clause of the MRSSA Act and at this time the government should strengthen the search operations at the gates to protect the people. The state has reported the highest number of cases of corona virus in the state.
On the other hand, Airisha Mawlong, General Secretary of Nongliput Unit, said that politics is like a marriage job because once we make a mistake in choosing, we make a mistake for a lifetime. kit and leave the troubles forever.
The new Land Acquisition Act clearly states that Tribal or Riewlum land should be more special but do you know how much it costs? Only T.3.94 per square feet and they have bought more than 200 hectares. How much do they earn from this land? buy land and receive subsidies, are exempt from various taxes and so on.
School children and students living in Namdong said that they don't know why the electricity in their village has been cut off in the past few days and today it has been completely lost.
Zenith has been appointed in charge of Arunachal Pradesh, Charles in charge of Manipur and Ampareen in charge of Mizoram.
The Wah Umtrew Bridge at Lailad village is the budlum connecting the Ri Bhoi District, where the people of the area have to travel every day to complete their work in Nongpoh, the capital. of the District.
The Bible teaches that not one sparrow will fall to the ground without God's knowledge, while in this age people die, become displaced, become poor and become poor because of war and war. the path of the new 'lei is growing.
Likewise, riewhadem and other crops according to the season.
Fulham beat Everton 1-0 on the opening day with Bobby de Cordova-Reid scoring in the 73rd minute.
“What are the reasons for this and what is the future of this famous dewbilat factory of our State?” said the statement.
The two leaders had met with BJP President Amit Shah in Delhi.
It is time for the authority of the Central Government to remove these snaps of the spirit of love that has been cultivated for more than 50 years in these areas, to bring happiness in all aspects of humanity. in society.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also distributed the Meghalaya Day Awards to 15 government employees.
The Government through the Border Area Department has handed over the funds to the Ministry of Education to distribute the food items to various schools and colleges.
Regarding the minor shortcomings in the reserved area, the MLA of Nongpoh, promised to cooperate and also to provide some of the needs in the reserved area. to protect against COVID-1
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 31 new cases have been confirmed and 397 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Nongstoin, Naitung 14: The family members of Cicilia Pariong, have expressed their gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Mawroh, the Police Department especially to Bah S.Nongtnger SP, WKH Nongstoin, Bah T. Lyngdoh OC Nongstoin and all his staff who fought hard until they released the child and arrested Lavkush Kumar.
The results are for the students who have passed the HSSLC (Science, Commerce & Vocational) examination.
To sum every day is a good habit in times of poverty.
Shillong: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling today said that the Swachh Survey, 2020 that Shillong is the most polluted place in the country, is “wrong”. ".
The delegation was led by President JA Lyngdoh in the presence of Vice President Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Kiltiora Marbaniang, Richard Kahit, General Secretary Barnabas Nongbah and others.
They alleged that the land belongs to Meghalaya and Rumnong has not obtained permission from the village headmen to sell the land.
I cannot climb this mountain with sorrow.
All Adhoc teachers of Upper Primary Schools across West Khasi Hills District are requested to attend this important meeting, said a statement from Bah Keneth, President MUPSTA. Jymmang 10: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, GP Gotmare, has questioned whether he is the DC to look after the problems of the people or whether he is the agent of the railway line.
The arrest came after the Special Cell of Delhi Police on June 26, received a tip that an arms dealer had come from Delhi and was in possession of a smuggled song. to the weapons of war.
He also mentioned the working methods of the app which has facial recognition capabilities which can ensure up to 70 percent to recognize people and to register the teacher even if there is no teacher. internet connection, and this also opens up the possibility of school attendance even for those who work abroad or field workers through the installation of GPS at nearby workplaces.
"I don't want the wealth of the world but I want our nation to survive," he said.
Donlad Diengdoh scored a hat-trick in the 20th, 44th and 72nd minutes.
On Mizoram, he said that the Minister in charge of Border Affairs Atul Bora will visit Mizoram soon and “We hope that the border talks will start,” he said.
For example, piat and rynsun can protect against bacteria.
Zuberstar Kharbuki was confirmed as the Minister of the Kharbuki Kur by the Syiem of Mylliem, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem on the 13th of this month.
The U.S., Mexico and Canada will also be the co-hosts for the 2026 men's tournament.
Although the Government has appointed a committee of inquiry, the people are still worried that the Government has not yet appointed the Minister in charge of Electricity, James Sangma.
Pay Scale:- Level 11th of Revised Pay StructureEducational Qualification:- Graduate with Economics/ Mathematics/ Statistics as one of the subjects in the degree course from any recognized University/ Institution.
Rejecting the allegations that he has been sleeping as an MP for the past 15 years, Bah Pala said, “The truth is that I am one of the hardest working MPs from the constituency.
The meeting was conducted by Sumarlin Mawlong State Social Media Convenor. SK Lato, Chairman Reception Committee, welcomed speeches and delivered speeches. Law, Secretary Receiving Committee.
Shillong: U Bah M Kharkrang, retired IPS officer and State Executive Member and Spokesperson of the BJP, has sent his nomination papers for the BJP ticket to contest from the 17th Congress. North Shillong Constituency.
Kwikstingwell Lyngdoh Secretary HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit, while talking to reporters, said that the EC has also decided not to allow anyone to publish news against the party without discussion or discussion. The HSPDP has explained to the party and its supporters that if there is any news that is not known to the party, it should not be accepted as false news.
If the tribunal opens other environmentally friendly jobs as another source of income, the contractors will inevitably leave the fields and work in other jobs related to environmental protection.
Perhaps the honor of the Khasi newspapers is that they were the first to appear in Assam, before any English newspaper or in any language.
At the same time, she said that the strike of the ASHAs will continue until they think of something else and she will hold a meeting tomorrow to take a decision.
Prof Goyal has been the Supervisor of 15 Ph.D.
“I urge all the Sengbhalang leaders, market dwellers, parents and VDPs of the villages to work together, so that our market, our villages will be clean and will not bring in more “There are many incidents that have affected the society,” said Bah Hamar.
At the same time, the union encourages other youths and students of the area to work hard because nothing is impossible if we have the spirit of children, minutes and hard work.
This issue remains under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Home Affairs despite the monitoring of the State Government and the Khasi Author Society.
When Jesus was on earth, his disciples asked him, “When will these things be?” and what shall be the sign of thy coming? And what is the end of this world? (Or tell us, when will the world end? Here Jesus did not tell us about the years.
There are 925 cases in East Khasi Hills, 427 cases in Ribhoi, 58 cases in West Garo Hills, 12 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 22 cases in East Garo Hills and 36 cases in South Garo Hills. .
The President of the KSU said that if it is in this form that the Assam government comes to attack the people on the border, it will upset and anger the people of the area.
In the final, both the teams failed to score in the first half.
Bah Monarch ShabongAfter many years, the fire fighting has started again and it works up to three times a day, starting at 3 am and then continuing to at 11am and then to 11pm.
We Khasi have changed from the biggest to the smallest.
According to Bah F.Nongsiej, the driver of the truck, the driver of the Swift was driving very fast and when he turned away from the truck, he heard a sudden collision. The Swift was about five meters behind the wheel.
Kharshiing said that some of those who filled out the form to open an account at the Meghalaya Rural Bank have not received their passbook even after submitting their EPIC and electricity bill.
Police of West Jaintia Hills District have arrested the Head Warden and four Wardens of the District Prison & Correctional Facility. Home, Jowai.
Throughout the day, the MLA of Jirang, urged the people and the elders not to bring any political feelings, but to work and help for those families who are suffering. the difficulty of obtaining adequate food and drink.
The body was taken to Ranikor CHC under Ranikor C&RD Block for post mortem and the body was placed in the morgue of the hospital for the funeral of the family members. they shall not be able to come.
The KSU has warned all contractors to provide the documents of their employees and if they fail to provide the KSU will take strong action.
He will represent India and the Hynniewtrep people, but as of now, he comes from a poor family, so he cannot support himself to go to this tournament.
Police have arrested the soldier and charged him under the provisions of the law related to the illegal smuggling of firearms, explosives and also under the provisions of the department. look at the wild animals.
Various groups have taken part to ensure that the rivers, water and surrounding areas are clean and free from plastic,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that the Sur residents of Mawlai on the 18th of this month have sent a petition to the Chief Minister to demand the temporary dismissal of the police involved in the shooting death of Mawlai. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the 13th of this month at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar, so that there will be no delay in the investigation into this incident.
However, it should be understood that the strongest and strongest defense forces are in the North East more than in any other state in India.
Unfortunately, these TMC leaders don't consult us when they take any decision and don't listen to what we want to say in the constituency.
He said that even the people who came to the market from Jowai bought rice for home consumption, jhur and piat but in the middle of the road the BSF troops asked for documents, such as GST and documents. The HANM leader alleged that these BSF troops have harassed even the children and women who went to sum, especially when they went to the fields. They have urged the Minister of Home Affairs to take action against the women.
The biggest event today was at Wahiajer village where no less than 7000 Khasi and Jaintia people came to witness the festival.
The leaders said that the bank's actions have been a huge loss when the people leave their homes to spend time, spend money to meet their needs at the bank.
Print and electronic media groups in Marathi, Hindi and English participated in the Media Tour.
He said that steps have been taken to strengthen the implementation of the law including the appointment of a Commissioner of Police in the district and the recruitment of about 2000 more personnel in the police department.
“I announce that I have already sanctioned Rs 7.34 crore for the Chyrmang Forest and Rs 3.19 crore for Krang Shuri,” he said. Conrad praised the Raid Buam for employing about 500 people and said that we expect to increase and employ all through such projects originating from the community, with minimal government assistance.
We climbed the hill, the river Umpu and on the way we saw the footprints of the Krung, the Khla who were lying on the rocks, walking in front of us, we saw the birds that many species, which fly from one forest to another, the Shrieh, the Tngaw, the Hulu, which swing from one branch to another, and the white-headed Sim Rakhlaw, which cry and shout, who don't see people or see anything else.
On the other hand, they demanded that Conrad K. Sangma, Prime Minister, should visit the area for himself, so that he can understand how much the people are suffering and especially above the truth when it comes to the border.
We must take strong and consistent steps and remove the weaknesses before those weaknesses destroy each and every one of us.
In this regard, he said that the CM has already banned the PFI.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister expressed his satisfaction that the KJP Synod has joined hands with the government to work for the services of the people to improve income in the country. the state.
I hope we will complete it by 2022 as most of the work of the Brahmaputra Board is progressing.
“The people of Sohryngkham have not sent me to the District Council to sit and watch them do whatever they want. .17 thousand tyngka why does it reach T.60 or T.70 thousand that's what we are talking about the expenditure, the Council is in trouble after the coal ban and if this happens we are afraid that it will reach T.60 thousand. “The Council will not be able to pay the salaries of the 600 employees,” he said.
Now I will add here as it is a song and as it is written.
Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow and in the state as a whole, thunderstorms with speeds of 30 to 40 kilometers per hour are expected. .
Even the complaint has been submitted with a xerox copy and it is suspected that someone has signed it because they have covered the first page,” said an Excise officer.
The Seng informs all those youths from Narpuh area who have submitted their application forms for this award to come on that date and at that time at Lumshnong Community Hall to receive the award. rewards.
He said that at polling stations No 8 Nongkseh Pyrda and Lumpdeng B, the returning officer has ordered that the voting should be done by VVPAT slip instead of by EVM. “In fact, the EVM should be repaired, and the problem should be with the EVM as it is with others,” said Dr Ricky.
“This allegation by the INC candidate has not only violated the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct but has reached the limit of corrupt practice under Section 123 (4) of the Representation of Peoples Act, " the lawsuit added.
The final of these teams came after they won the semi-final match which was held on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
Speaking on the recent death of one person and another injured in the collapse of a coal mine in West Khasi Hills, the Minister said that the owner of the mine has been arrested. .
Nongstoiñ, Lber 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Ri-Muliang Circle together with the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People of Langpih Area, on receiving information that Assam has come to erect a pillar in Kamphaduli village, In Langpih Sector, the two groups have attacked the village and destroyed the pillar erected by the Assam government.
The participants of the march wanted to submit many of their demand petitions where they collected from people on the streets during the march, but no one Officials of the Maharashtra government will also come to receive these petitions, said Rohit Pawar.
He said that Ri Bhoi district is one of the districts with the highest number of drug traffickers especially the entry and exit route from the state. Students on the use and dangers of drugs through a Power Point Presentation and urged the students not to touch or experience drugs, but to be good news spreaders to the society. community for the purpose of eradicating alcohol abuse.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya is ready to register 2 lakh members in the state within 10 months starting today.
When asked how much the farmers have to pay for the permission from the KHADC, the CEM said there is no need to pay.
The sad thing is that no report or sign has been found even of the body of Tirot Sing Syiem which has been cleansed by burial or burning, and the face cannot be expected at all.
The injured were taken to Pynursla CHC for treatment.
“We have received 90% of the land but only about 10% of the land has not been allocated, because the land owners have not given us,” he added.
Nitish Kumar's JD(U) has asked Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge to postpone the meeting as he and Tejashwi Yadav will be very busy. in connection with the presence of this dorbar in the House.
This shows that the tourism industry in the state has increased steadily in all aspects.
No evidence has been found about the body and all the OCs of various police stations have been informed to inform if there is any complaint of missing persons.
Shillong: U Bah Lasting George Marbaniang, 60, resident of Mawpun, Golflinks, Shillong, has been admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital since 27th November
““In the public service, we must come forward with those who are willing to talk especially that this is their responsibility (ASHA).
Special thanks to the Jowai Municipal Board, PHE Department, PWD Department, MeECL and other government departments who have worked tirelessly to provide the necessary facilities for the successful and peaceful celebration of Behdieñkhlam.
He acted according to the rules of procedure, according to the decision of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) and all the issues mentioned are based on this,” he said.
Sec School, After haka at 8.00 pm.
This Hebrew is Rupari Nongrum, he is the 5th of 6 brothers.
Titos said the demand for a district is not an election issue to mislead the people but it is a demand of the people which they have been demanding since ancient times.
Furthermore, when babies are born in hospitals, if there is any problem, doctors and nurses have been able to help them.
She has also received recognition from Calcutta University as one of the subjects at the Degree level.
He suggested that this project should be well advertised so that people know that in Mulum village there are farmers who grow organic vegetables.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government is ready to purchase up to 6 lakh hand sanitizers and 50,000 face masks as part of the prevention and control of the spread of the disease, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. for Corona virus.
The Bangalore Youth Football League will hold a High Performance Coaching Program on 9th July
However, after examining the evidence and others, it does not appear that the shooting of the police chief was committed by anyone other than the police chief himself.
Nongstoiñ: The Western Youth Federation (WYF) Central Body has met with the Medical Superintendent of the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ on the allegation that Dr. K.Slong, who is in charge of a poor patient, has forcibly discharged a poor patient. The body was taken from the hospital at 9:45 PM on the night of the 16th of this month and sent to Shillong.
In the Under 18 Girls and Women Open category, P Sarasaphi Lyngdoh of St Anthony's and Gavy Jones L Marshillong of Nongstoin College won the first position.
Aren't these signs of confusion? In the midst of confusion and uncertainty, many leaders are confused, without thinking and can't find the way from here to where we are going. It is true that Mukroh is a village. it is not an area bordering Assam.
Also present on the closing ceremony was the Asst.Director of NEHU Sports Department, N.Das who distributed the prizes to the winners and runners-up.
The outbreak at Raj Bhavan was through two security guards and after that, two others became ill, a generator manufacturer and a computer operator at the office.
We have encouraged you, don't encourage us, and also yourself and the promises you have made before the man of God to serve the Jaitbynriew without hesitation through the ranks of the ADCs.
It is surprising and a true fact that besides the Congress, which is the oldest political party in India, and now the Communist Party of India (Marxist) have forced and published books. various citizenship documents, such as RC (Registration Certificate), VIC (Voter Identity Card), NRC (National Register of Citizens) and PRC (Permanent Register of Citizens), Passport and "It may be recalled here that the report of the Indian Intelligence Bureau (IIB) and the Indian government “There are 4 million smuggled Bangladeshis living in Assam, while the former Governor of Arunachal Pradesh and West Bengal estimates that there are about 5 million Bangladeshis. who smuggle into Assam and these live and work in every Sub Division, District, City and Capital of India.
It will be up to the leaders and workers of all parties to achieve their objectives.
The worst body to carry 3 shah is the Punjab body.
She said that the daily delivery and market price of synsar is posted on the AGMARKET portal and MEGAMB portal which can be seen by the public and farmers to know the price of mur.
Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited of Uttar Pradesh has been awarded a sub contract to Badri Rai Company Ltd. which was initially approved.
These foreigners, who were arrested by the KSU members, were deported and not allowed to enter the state.
The decision was taken at a meeting between the state government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) leaders today.
The documents required to apply for this scheme are Voter ID, Ration Card and Bank Passbook.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : U National Executive Member of the BJP and former Minister of State, Bah AL, on Tuesday said that he is ready to lead the party as the Chief Ministerial candidate in the upcoming MLA elections in the state.
On the part of the office, they promised to take action against those who distribute bills on time.
“I have been alive for almost 50 years and I don't remember that Umïam will lack water to this extent and I don't remember anyone preaching to me and maybe this is the first time in my life. This is also a call to all the people to take care of the environment because when the environment gives us the opportunity to suffer like we do, the suffering will be ours because we are nothing to the authorities. of me", said another old man.
The children, the children, the brothers, the mothers, the children, the children of the children, the brothers and sisters do not have the opportunity even to greet their fathers. the mother, the brother, the sister and so on.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) North West Circle today urged the Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh, the Mawthadrashain MLA Brolding Nongsiej and the government to withdraw the election. The name of the new district will be opened tomorrow.
The award ceremony was held at Vani Hall, Nongkroh Rambrai and was conducted by Samla Dankobartis Nongphud General Secretary KSU Rambrai Circle.
Later, prizes were awarded to all the winners.
"Ferlin CA Sangma, MLA of Selsella, has said that her resignation as MLA is not new but the world has witnessed it and said that is the reason why she has left. to the BJP so that he can work better for the constituency.
Namewanki Pakynteiñ scored 4/2
“The bronze medal in the Women's Team Event was won by Ri Bhoi after beating South Garo Hills District.
The Deputy Chairman of JHADC, Ma Ailad Bhoi, conducted the election of the new Chairman of the council following the resignation of Lakhon Biam on Monday who joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Thank you a thousand times.
The captain started tied first and scored many runs, scoring 12 boundaries.
Shillong, July 1: The Ri Lyngngam People's Council (NGT) has expressed its regret over the sudden order of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to ban coal mining. The coal mining industry is one of the sources of income for parents to send their children to school.
Officials from the Raid and District Council who were present on the occasion included Bah Swell Rymbai, Basan Rymbai of Raid Iapngar, Donatus Shadap and Basan of Raid Iapngar.
In a statement sent by Tam Pamthied, the Dolloi of Amwi Elaka, Jemewell Pyrtuh, has alleged that the Dolloi of Amwi Elaka, Jemewell Pyrtuh, has attacked the village since the election of the acting Waheh Shnong and also to open the Jarain Market without permission. honor the village of Jarain.
These include EKH: 19, RBD: 3 and WGH:
“Why should I step down? I am in this position not to delay but to serve and continue to serve and look after the welfare of the state and the people,” said Lahkmen.
In Laskeiñ C&RD Block, the 74th Republic Day was also celebrated at Hula Stadium, Moosyiem, Shangpung.
Shortly after, he was brought to Tyrsad Umkseh village at 8:45 pm and after receiving a tip, police rushed to the scene and rescued him at 12 o'clock. 10am in the morning.
“This is a bad thing, it shows the inability of the state government to control,” he said.
On Tuesday morning, they found the body of Wanboklang Kurbah from Kshaid Tdem, about 20-30 meters from the place where the body of Phibankyntiew was found. .
The Muktiar of these five persons said that the arrest of these five persons should ensure that they should appear in court today.
The second division match will be played tomorrow Saturday.
The AKMT has put forward this demand before the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh at a meeting on Tuesday.
Speaking to reporters, these families said that it is their own land and the MUDA department has come to attack them.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta, said that the nursing examination conducted recently went smoothly without any problems.
Furthermore, the union demanded that the ATM should be parked in one place, as the residents have complained that the mobile ATM is not available in Nongstoiñ but goes around the villages.
The Day of Darkness for the Nation"
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The Hill's Farmer Union, West Jaintia Hills District has invited and requested all the farmers of the district including from all three blocks (Thadlaskeiñ, Amlarem and Laskeiñ) to attend their public meeting. The meeting will be held on the 13th June, 2022 at Madan Malki, Shillong.
The 40-year-old teacher is a teacher at Lower Primary School in Dalu.
He also urged the leaders of the Dorbar Shnongs before building the water tanks in their villages, to build the canals properly according to the tenders received.
Shylla said that the reason why he has spoken on these issues is because many people have misunderstood the people by intimidating him because of the Uranium issue which happened in the 2018 elections which he won. Opposition candidates on the Uranium issue.
He said that under the Integrated Development of Wildlife Habitats (IDWH) scheme, the Forest Department in collaboration with various groups has identified 22 species of wildlife including 16 terrestrial and 6 species. aquatic life.
The Expo also provides an opportunity for companies and individuals to participate in Ayurveda, Homeopathy and Herbs in their activities.
“Teachers should have a close relationship with the students as well as their parents and when distributing education should be according to the times to shape the future of the students,” said the Pastor.
In the first leg of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22, Mawlai Sports beat Ryntih Sports Club 5-0
Shillong, November :The first ASHA payment mobile application, launched by the Meghalaya government in October 2022, has brought about improvements and has simplified the payment process.
Chester Roy Shabong, a member of the Non Violent Direct Action (NVDA), was born in 1968 in the Hill State Army. On 10th November, 1968, a group of his group went to the Assam Secretariat (now the Meghalaya Secretariat) to block and stand in front of the Secretariat and demand “No Hill State No Rest”.
Shillong, June 11 : Three organizations from Mawlai including the Mawlai Umjaiur Youth Association, the Mawlai Women's Association and the Mawlai Labor Welfare Association Umjaiur, on Monday held a rally to clean up the garbage. who lives in the Umshing River.
“People with malicious intent are adopting pseudonyms now.
CHAPTER 17: SHA Sha is another plant which we believe can grow well in Khasi-Jaintia.
He said that this is only the beginning and if the government remains silent, they will take other stronger measures.
Besides the schemes already implemented, the MLA of Nongpoh today distributed three Work Orders for the construction of classrooms for the improvement of schools, including Sacred Heart Secondary School Marmaiñ. Raid Marmaiñ Secondary School Khulia has allocated Rs 2 lakh and KJCE LP UP School Dondral has allocated Rs 2 lakh.
Shillong Lajong FC opened the scoring in the 12th minute through Wandajied Ryngkhem and in the 12th minute through Wandajied Ryngkhem. North East United didn't score the first goal of the match, so the match ended 1-0
New Delhi: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today announced the deposit of Rs 70,000 crore to various banks to meet the current financial needs.
The rivers are still clean, the wind is blowing, the birds are still singing, the animals are still running freely.
To address this, as the leader of the constituency, I am looking forward to the establishment of a college in this area for the benefit of the youth,” he said.
The house belonged to Tyngshsiñ Pohthmi and the house belonged to Barihun Syrti and Alirius Pala.
The Mizoram Election Commission has promised their request to change the dates but has said that it will have to wait for the final decision of the Election Commission on their request.
Besides, the government's salary release is inefficient, and there is no proper rule for teachers.
“The CEM has promised to do so even though he has not set a time limit, and on our part, we have asked the CEM to cooperate if necessary for this purpose,” he said. Cleanliness.
During the meeting, u Bah Priem asked about his daughter but the Dkhar spoke slowly and did not answer straight away and fled.
Risanlang Dkhar of Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah won the Player of the Tournament title.
If the leaders' minds are in agreement, there will be no problems and there will be no differences even if it is a difficult topic, if we take action as leaders who have made their own promises. to work for the good of the country and the nation, especially as policy makers to make laws and improve them, when the time comes and to be encouraged and turned around when the children the people put forth their demands.
The training program on Indian Classical Dance was supervised and conducted by Roshni from Bhopal and during the two months of the program she worked hard until the children were able to showcase their skills. how to dance Kathak and Bharatnatyam.
Tura: The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) has recovered two bodies from the collision of an MTC bus in Ringdi River, Nongshram village, East Garo Hills District today.
On the same day, there was also a joining of Congress by supporters of other parties, including the UDP and NPP. Other parties, it has encouraged the Congress leaders in Nongpoh and especially its candidate.
Announcing this, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “We have decided to have a job application process for unemployed nurses in the state and those who wish to apply for jobs. going to work abroad.
Shillong, Lber, 5: The recruitment for the filling of 3100 vacancies in the Meghalaya Police Department will start soon.
Nemcha Kipgen is one of the 10 Kuki MLAs who have requested the Central Government to establish its own power for the Kuki people of in the state of Manipur.
Many villages have received electricity but the supply is not accurate and the electricity equipment is beyond the expectations of the people and at the same time the equipment which can only be obtained in the cities is too expensive.
At the same time, the Minister of Education, said that he hears from time to time that some teachers do not attend school, and some attend school on a part-time basis.
On the other hand, BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh said he cannot say whether the party will be ready to submit a petition or not as it is still waiting for the exact information from the PMO. He said that sufficient information can be obtained from the NEC because as it appears in the media, the Prime Minister will attend the NEC meeting. “This month I am in Garo Hills and I am still coming,” said Bah Shibun.
Speaking to media after the welcoming ceremony for Predecessor Rumnong, NCP candidate for the 2018 election from Pynthorumkhrah, Philliby Lyngdoh, former Joint Secretary of BJP Pynthorumkhrah Mandal. Bah PN Syiem said that in his view, the current election is a contest between two candidates while other candidates have already contested to lose.
Nongstoiñ, July 11: The Meghalaya Energy Power Distribution Corporation Limited (MEC) has launched a campaign against the lighting posts in Rambrai area. on the field.
He said that on 24th March, a special meeting was held for the dorbar bah to be held on 30th March but he was not allowed to speak at the meeting when he went to take part.
Condemning Dr Mukul Sangma's plan to hand over the coal mines to the MMDC, Prestone said, “Everyone in these years has been concerned about the ban on coal mining because the previous government, led by Dr Mukul Sangma, although he has handed over the documents to the Central Government to hand over the land to the MMDC, but when it comes to handing over the land, it means that it is like handing over the land to the Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The mining of dew iong not only affects the environment but also affects the women who are pregnant due to the pollution of water and wind.
On the statement by the Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala, that the NPP has nominated two women candidates, it is not an empowerment of women but there is no other way. The party has nominated the Minister of State as the candidate because she can give a strong fight against Bah Pala.
Speaking to reporters, the Assistant Rangbah Shnong of Mukroh, Bah Michess Maskut, requested the government to provide accommodation for these policemen who are waiting at the Border Out Post.
The IMD said the rainfall is still spreading to other parts of Sikkim, West Bengal, East Uttar Pradesh, Nagaland, Bihar and other states.
He said that once the Council has taken a policy decision it is the duty of the department to follow it up.
It was then that the difference of opinion between the Lyngngam and the Garo began because they could not kill the rakot.
Meghalaya and Assam signed the soskular on 29th October after the conclusion of initial talks to resolve the seven sites, where the incident occurred.
At the same time, the CEM said that in this Dorbar Mangtyngka, it has not been possible to show the expenditure and revenue for the year 2023-2024 as the figures have not been collected yet.
Jowai: Police of the Phramer Traffic Cell, have recovered the body of a 50-year-old man who looks like a foreigner.
In the Under-14 category, the first match was between St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School Shillong and Persara UP SSS School Sohryngkham. St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School Shillong beat Persara UP SSS School Sohryngkham 6-0
Other candidates who contested the election include Samran Sing Syiem, Pynshailang Syiem, Banteilang Syiem and Mansan Manik Syiem.
In this regard, the High Court said that in fact, the state government should have taken measures to provide other sources of income to the people affected by the floods. the lock of the coal mine.
On this occasion, the trainees distributed clothes and blankets to 17 poor households.
The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has ordered a ban on heavy vehicles during school hours.
As usual, the last day of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, was held at the Seng Khasi House, Mawkhar, Shillong, where the Duhalia, took part in the playing of the lumpaid ksing after the Rgh Banteilang. S Rumnong, President of the Seng Khasi College/Chairman of the Publicity Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, took part in the meeting.
The schools that will participate in the tournament are as follows:1
In the women's category, Umpohliew Jingtip beat Krang 3-0
The meeting was chaired by Hermon Buam Incharge Headmaster, in the presence of MDC Barato Mukhroh Aiborlang Shadap, village leaders including Village Secretary Harvest Shadap, Village Chairman Brolsingh Talang, Darling Dkhar, former village secretary and parents of the students.
The paying users, who have completed the payments as scheduled, have asked the department, which appears to be punishing everyone for the tortious behavior of the department.
The tournament is scheduled to be held from 3rd to 3rd November 2023, and will feature 24 teams/clubs from different parts of the country, including all 12 The Indian Super League (ISL) teams along with foreign teams and neighboring countries like Bangladesh and Nepal will return to the tournament after 27 years.
The final was inaugurated by Lahkmen Rymbui Minister of Meghalaya as the chief guest, in the presence of Hering Shangpliang Professional Coach as the chief guest, Gillroy Tariang MDC, Donkupar Moksha SDPO. Amlarem, ASSA General Secretary Dapmon Tariang and other dignitaries of the area.
Banlamlad Pala, son of (L) N. Fasterly Nongkhlaw and (L) Lianbih Pala, husband of Kong Theishia Passah, resident of PHE, passed away on
Along the way, he is very happy to have such a day that will remind him for life.
Shillong: Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang today criticized the government for neglecting the land owners and maintainers of tree bridges, especially the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA). Sanjiv Shankar of Hyderabad was appointed as the scientist.
“At present, the Jail Department has two priority targets for the implementation of the Security Wall and the Boundary Wall at Nongstoin District Jail,” said Agarwal. He said that regarding the site, there has been no discussion for the relocation but it will be at the same site in Phodkynthei as there are many works and construction works on the site. everyone already has.
Several party leaders said that the party will soon hold a meeting to discuss the issue within the party before deciding who will be the party's candidate for the Lok Sabha elections. next year.
The Khynroo Khyllood Committee Seinraij Jowai in collaboration with YessMeghalya, celebrated World Environment Day by holding an awareness meeting on the theme “Beat Plastic Pollution”. Martin Luther Christian University Shillong, Senior Secretary, Shillong.
"The Father said, "It's good, Father, do that..." The Mother agreed.
“If we give everyone a chance they will want to be in a safe place.
Both the BJP MLAs, Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai, did not attend the meeting.
In another development, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has agreed to attend a public meeting with Hazare tomorrow.
As we read in the newspapers, the miners who attended the meeting were from many areas of Mylliem, Laitlyngkot, Laitkroh, Nongkynrih, Mawjrong, Khatarmer, Umtangar and others.
TUR said that the amendment of the Labor Laws could cause a lot of problems to the people especially those who work in various companies in India.
I don't think Bhalang can do that.
The men also became so selfish that they didn't count the women and children.
People's fear of dogs has emerged after a series of dog bite incidents that have increased over the years.
He had to be forced to go to school and had no will to read recognized as having a fear.
The meeting was conducted by HNYF SRC President Bah Tarzan Lymba and welcomed the participants by Bah Lasius Lamin, General Secretary HNYF SRC. The Seng stands against the Government on the grounds that it does not trust the people of War Jaintia area.
Hek, Minister of Livestock, Government of Meghalaya, received the award from the Minister of State for Social Justice, Ramdas Athawale at a ceremony held at the NDMC Auditorium, Jantar. Mantar, New Delhi in the presence of other Government officials.
The zonal round has been held from March-November 2018 in Shillong and Guwahati.
After this incident, the whole country had to lose the Rnong medal won by Prithviraj in the men's trap shooting competition and it was also the fourth medal in the singles category. This player has won the World Cup.
The group has come to entertain the audience in Kerala, Mumbai and other places and has now been invited on 10th June to take part in TEDx IIT Guwahati.
Even the tympew cultivation was not available, and it was seen that the War Khyrim had started to cultivate tympew.
The purpose behind this is to instill the spirit of struggle in the souls of the people and to remember the journey of India and for those who have contributed to the development of the country.
Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Sikkim will vote for only one day, while Manipur and Tripura will vote twice and Assam will vote three times.
However, no one was injured.
However, through this enmity of the robbers, all these hard works have failed and has caused great damage to the environment.
It depends on how the party strengthens itself and how hard we work.
“According to the report from the office of the Executive Director of SDMA and the district authorities, there are 15,80,684 people affected from 617 villages in Meghalaya and 6 people have lost their lives. “There are 100,000 people in the landslide and drowning which happened from 1st June to 29th July 2020,” said Ma Kyrmen Shylla.
Without hesitation, they left their children and slept in front of the Main Secretariat.
The three victims were handed over to their families after the post mortem.
Sinha made the remarks while speaking to reporters after the release of the BJP's policies on Tuesday.
They no longer have any responsibility for their own family and relatives, what will happen if it happens to their own race.
“If the government takes action on this, we don't have to take to the streets and if they allege that this is only to strengthen the VPP party, what party doesn't work for the strengthening of its party? VPP is not a party that was formed only for the sake of contesting elections, so we will work and we are not parties that work only before the election. “They expect the VPP to work only before the election, not to work to solve the problems of the people,” he added.
All imams and mullahs in these areas have been ordered to immediately provide the names of these women, as the Taliban urgently needs women. published by the Cultural Commission of the Taliban.
The tournament is organized by the Sports Department of NEHU for the students of the University and its affiliated colleges, teachers and non-teachers as well as of the university.
Motor : Foods such as tofu, motorized milk, and shana are motorized.
The incident has prompted the tourist drivers of Assam to ban tourist taxis from Meghalaya to enter Assam. Similarly, the drivers of tourist vehicles from Meghalaya have banned the vehicles from Assam. I don't want to go to Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that at the Cabinet meeting, the request of the Minister of Electricity, on the request of MeECL and the employees have promised to improve the department.
Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut in a tweet said that the Hindutva group led by the government of Eknath Shinde la khyllem"... The strong influence of the Hindutva government has appeared...the power has disappeared.
If the negotiations do not go anywhere, it may be better to go to court to look into everything before giving its decision.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today decided to take a resolution in the House to demand the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
“We have sent the fish for testing to ICAR and NEHU and this month, we will know after receiving the report,” said Bah Comingone.
He urged the Christians to reject the government's call to clean up the village on Sunday, but to clean up on the 2nd.
Not only that, he will not attend the meeting of the Planning Commission in Shere Bangla Nagar, Dhaka, because he is afraid of being hit by the pyrjong, bdnews2 .com which is based in Dhaka.
Meanwhile, the next match between Dongmihsngi Sports Club and Chutwakhu Sports Club had to be canceled due to natural disasters.
It is not easy for the Government authorities to shut down all these but there has been an attempt,” he added.
The Senior Working President said that Bah Titos has also raised a false belief that it existed in 2009-10 that the party had decided that the UDP MLAs should withdraw from the coalition with the party. The Congress, but the MLAs did not agree.
“The post of MLA on the one hand and MDC on the other.
On the other hand, the KJP Synod Sepngi also distributed medals to the players of both the winners and losers.
Jowai, March 21: The Executive Committee of JHADC under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat as CEM has decided to suspend three Acting Dolloi and suspend seven Acting Dolloi. to Dolloi in the Jaintia Hills.
He said that his father, who was in the field, came home at that time and saw the incident and decided to leave to help his wife. but there were those who held him.
The results will be available by messaging to 56263: MBOSE10<space>ROLL NUMBER Examination 2016 SMS – MBOSE12A<space>ROLL NUMBER to 56263.
Look at mobile games, you can't fight or compete with younger children and if you don't know you have to ask them.
“There is no talk to cooperate with the NPP as in 2019 and now they will go their own way, except with the HSPDP, the UDP will cooperate in the MP elections,” he said.
The training was conducted by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) for the groups with the support of NABARD, Government of India.
“The message to the HNYM is not to look only at our area when you take the issue, you should look at other areas as well,” he said.
It was found that out of the T.5 lakh, only four paia have been erected.
He said it was the Congress governments that allowed the entry of foreigners just to get votes in the North East and this has affected the villagers of the region.
These health scientists found that genes involved in immunity—the body's ability to protect or fight off disease—were more active during the cold months.
Besides, not only the plum seeds, but also the sohñiamtra seeds that the government provides to the public under the scheme, when planted and grown, the seeds are unrecognizable, but to eat. it's not long.
MGMP Season 2 since its launch on 4th March 2023 has hosted 730 programs across the state with the participation of more than 1000 singers and musicians.
In January 2022, Justice Gangopadhyay ordered the CBI to investigate the appointment of non-teaching staff belonging to Group C and D and teachers by the West Bengal School Service Commission (SSC) and West Bengal Board of Secondary Education between 2014 and
The BJP and the PDF are the two parties in the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government which have nominated candidates for the mid-term elections from Shella while the NPP has supported the NPP. UDP candidate Balajiedkupar Synrem, son of Dr Donkupar Roy, who passed away last month.
Shillong: Members of the Ephatha Society under the leadership of its President Rev.ES Sapuh; has distributed food items such as Khaw, Phan, Dai and masks to 15 households in Tber Kmai Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District. have grandchildren with disabilities.
East Khasi Hills Police are still searching for two persons involved in the attack.
They also praised this young woman for despite many difficulties but she has been able to harvest the clean fruit and urged her not to stop her struggle by encouraging her to You will continue to work harder in higher education.
In addition, 8000 thousand vacant teacher posts will be filled at the Secondary Level after the results are announced in June
Trump has called Facebook's decision a disrespect to the American people who elected him.
Kerala Police on Sunday arrested eight persons allegedly involved in the murder of a 36-year-old man from Bihar on suspicion of theft.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government today held a meeting with groups of religious leaders under the auspices of the Shillong All Faith Forum, where they decided that if the situation in the state improves, In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, churches will reopen from the first month of April.
The group congratulates Marbud Jyrwa, Ribul Thabah, Brightly Mynsong, John Rani, Steve Marweiñ and Phiba.
Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day.
God bless you all.
JOWAI: The Range Officer of Umkiang Wildlife Range and his team have arrested a man and seized 20 kilograms of Serow meat from his body which had been cut from Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
It was reported that when looking closely at the number of students who have dropped out of their studies part-time, it was found that there were many reasons.
Here, at the beginning of the cleaning in front of the gate of the MCH, the staff of the MCH also came to help.
There are 40 lakh people whose names have not been included in the National Registration Certificate (NRC) of Assam, which was released in November 2018; However, so far, only 1 lakh people have filled up their names for inclusion in the NRC. The Supreme Court is looking into the matter. long on 23rd March
The JHADC has strongly condemned the JHADC even after submitting a letter but it has not done anything and has remained silent until now.
" replied the mother of Rida. After Kong Mer also closed the market, it became quieter and it was past 7 o'clock.
Ed Miliband has resigned after Labor lost the election, as has Liberal Democrats leader Nick Clegg, who won his seat. in Sheffield, who admitted that his party had fallen sharply under his leadership.
This action of the government has also angered the ASHA workers who have taken the ASHA workers as lifeless people.
Mos Lyngdoh, 25, resident of Siejlieh, who heard the noise with his own ears, said the media. which came down from heaven.
He said that so far there are 382 workers from the state and foreigners who are stranded at their places of employment.
The government has appointed a messenger to talk to the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA).
Jowai: Police in West Jaintia Hills District today arrested a young man who came to preach the name of the Son of God, Jesus on the Behdeinkhlam Day of the Sein Raij Jowai.
Shillong, Lber 13 : The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma on Monday declined to comment on the allegation of rape of a woman.
On the other hand, the Vice President of the group, Bah Arju Dkhar, said that the terminal benefits have been discussed with the government after the change in the MeSEB. To MeECL, this is one of the issues in the soskular that has been signed.
Bah Warjri had lodged a complaint last month against several people for allegedly shooting and beating his son in front of the police before he was arrested on 15th March
Police also admitted that the Special Purpose Vehicle used at the scene was damaged.
When the police seized the vehicle, they searched all parts of the vehicle and seized heroin worth T.20 lakh. Injection syringes, 4 mobile phones and a cash prize of T.15,550 thousand.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: U KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that if the aim to protect the Jaidbynriew fails, he will be the first person to take up arms to protect the Jaidbynriew.
We were asked to turn off the light , it was just completely dark.
At the meeting, after a thorough discussion, all the members unanimously decided to remove Bah HM Marbaniang and Bah N Marsiangbai as Advisers of the Union and abolish the post of Adviser.
The Umsiang Village Council, when it found this person, has decided to quarantine him for 14 days according to the directive of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
So far, 28 crore employees have registered themselves with the platform.
They said that last July, a Nepali had visited Noapara village in Garo Hills, which had caused trouble among the residents. and it has reached the point where they have lodged a complaint with the police against the residents.
Why are you so quick to publish news that has just happened? When you watch the news, you don't feel like before. one or two, please update the news.
“India is in the hands of the Congress and it can no longer resolve the border issue,” said Bah Bindo today during the election campaign for UDP candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh in Motphran.
Thus, these natural resources are essential for economic development and national security and these can be said to be the pillars of a modern society.
Replying to the rumor that after the elections the TMC will join the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP), Sothing said it was not as rumours.
There are millions of injections of AstraZeneca in Europe, but there is doubt that there are not enough people who have contracted the disease. blood clot and therefore, those who are younger or who have pre-existing illnesses prefer to be injected with other drugs.
On the other hand, the CO.E explained the reasons and said that the results will be released soon.
He said that if the name of India is changed to Bharat, it will also be a major reason whether the BJP will return to power or lose the elections next year.
This shows that their recovery from this disease is due to the fact that their immune system is strong enough to fight against it. There is no hope of getting rid of this disease because there is no cure for this virus.
“After lodging a complaint in the past few days regarding the theft or misuse of Covid-19 funds received from the central government, today I have come to give an explanation called by the IO of the Sadar Police Station, above.
It is to be informed that the gate of KHADC, which collects taxes from foreign vehicles carrying various goods, has been erected at this place for some time and there have been complaints from the drivers. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has allegedly erected the gate illegally without the permission of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).
“We are now waiting for the report from the people of Nongstoin constituency against Bah LG Nongsiej and from the people of Mawshynrut against Bah Morningstar Mawsor,” said Bah Pangniang.
Ri Bhoi lost 6 wickets until the last ball.
(Joshua 24:14-15).
Dwil Tynsong, 79, of Mawlai Umjaiur, EK Hills was admitted to Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong on 18.05.2021. He died on 20-05-2 Salgra M.Marak, 45, of Penny Valley, Tura, WG Hills, was admitted to Tura Christian Hospital on 14-05-2021. He died on 20-05-2 At least 18 people have been killed in Rajasthan and 12 in Uttar Pradesh.
In 2013, the UDP had received 3864 votes and its candidate in that year was Bah Nasar Marweiñ. My candidate Mosklander Marngar received only 1257 votes.
The price of food and beverages has increased but no one has said anything.
And if the heart is dark, there is no place for God.
Richard B. Uriah, Principal, Jowai and Dr. LM Darnei, DMC, SSA West Jaintia Hills also delivered speeches.
“Regarding the strengthening of the health sector, Sangma said, in terms of percentage, health has been given priority which is 8 percent of the Government's budget.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 113 new cases and 1310 active cases in the state.
Police have warned these rioters by sending them to the bridge connecting the highway with Riatsamthiah and Jaïaw Shyiap – Lumpyllon.
Daniel 9:24 (please read Daniel 9:24).
Many residents of the area from market dwellers to day laborers have requested the Meghalaya government to provide assistance to them during this time of lockdown in order to fill their households.
Expressing his dissatisfaction with the ticket as announced in the media by HSPDP Mawkyrwat Area Unit Secretary Deling Snaitang, Renikton said that if the ticket had been announced, the party would have “I think if it is time to announce tickets in other constituencies, I wonder why only in Mawkyrwat,” he said.
Longkmie don't turn away from any candidate once they have promised to support him.
This young woman and other women were created in the image of God and deserve to be honored and live a fulfilled life.
The Pay For Right Football Academy has opened another office in Ri Bhoi District on 20th June
This species of insect is also a source of great benefit to the people not only in the market of sop but also in the market of ksaiñ which they have harvested from the sop before the time. he shall become a sword.
All Waheh Chnongs in the Constituency shall have 1 or 4 leaders from the political parties.
Nine others were injured in the accident.
During the visit, it was seen that there was a heated argument with the police because of the arrest of these nine persons early in the morning and without giving any questions to the police. local authorities.
Sawmer scored the second goals through Diego Khriam in the 10th minute and Mark Austin Wanswett in the 88th minute.
Modi was warmly welcomed by Singh and his wife Gursharan Kaur, who came to witness the swearing-in ceremony of Modi as MRd at Rashtrapati Bhawan this evening. day and blei.
Nongpoh: A Rangbah from Umran Dairy village in Ri Bhoi district has died after being hit by a truck on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi district.
This decision between these major ethnic parties in the state may also lead to the merger of one ethnic party in the state.
The HNYF has urged the DC to take immediate action to build silver fences to protect the tourists and to bring beauty to Khliehriat.
Mairang, Nailur, 6: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today inaugurated the Nongthyllep Sub-Centre. He is also the MLA of the constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
It is said that in 1874, when Shillong became the capital of the new province of Assam, the Bivar House was converted into the Chief Commissioner's Residence.
Jeskalur Mawdoh, driver of Mahindra Max (ML04 (A)-3374), collided with the vehicle of the Prime Minister on the 11th at Laimer, Shillong while carrying market visitors. .
Because it is the age of social media, these robbers have posted pictures and videos on social media of their discovery.
The most affected are the villages on the border areas of Meghalaya and Bangladesh as well as Assam.
The names of those who have been leaders or legislators in the last 50 years will not be written or given because until now there has been no legislator.
California Governor Gavin Newsom today ordered the closure of nine counties in the state, including Los Angeles.
The program was organized by the ST Component (formerly TSP), ICAR RC NEH Umïam in collaboration with the Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Ri. -West Khasi Hills.
Earlier, the technical committee of the AAI had shown the high cost of improving the Umroi airport including the cutting of several hills during the takeoff and landing of aircraft. heh.
It was under their leadership that Meghalaya became a full member of the BCCI and started participating in cricket tournaments in India.
The planting of trees only in campus offices, schools and colleges is meaningless if the old trees are planted from time to time.
These youths who were sworn in on this day also took part in the exposure camp held at Nerhema, Nagaland.
“We also express our gratitude to the teams of the Mission from Madam G Majaw, the Maharaj and especially to Waheh Manbha Langdoh who is in charge of this area, through whom the people of our area have been able to R. Harvis Phawa, Assistant Secretary Club Moolari Jalyiah and Joining R Dkhar, Ex-Waheh Shnong Khliehmyntriang, said in a statement.
Otherwise, we young women would have the right to listen in our souls and hearts.
The right hand is strong while the left hand is strong.
However, the French players did not back down from the game and fought as hard as they could with the aim of scoring.
Besides providing training to athletes in many sports categories, ONGC also offers Sports Scholarships of up to T.15,000 and T.30,000 to eligible athletes. receive according to their rights.
Tens of thousands of trees have been cut down for the construction of roads across the state. the strange thing is why they only oppose trees within 7 miles.
The Income Tax Department has now used up to 40 machines and brought in more bank employees to count the money, which is too much and has brought in more vehicles to carry the money. this money into the bank.
The release of benefits in any sector under PM KISAN now exceeds 10 crore farmers from 3.16 crore in the first phase – a threefold increase in three years.
Explaining about the hard work of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the MLA of Jirang, is a man who works hard day and night for the benefit of the people in the constituency. From time to time, he has requested the Chief Minister to think specifically for Jirang, which is one of the backward constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
The delay in the release of scholarships has also increased the number of students who have to drop out of school part-time.
He said the NPP will send another petition to the Prime Minister to remind him of the demand to upgrade the Dadenggre Sub Division to a district.
The Congress party has been severely affected in the last Lok Sabha elections in Shillong parliamentary constituency due to its alliance with the NPP in the KHADC. raise your voice in support of the NPP, the report said.
Regarding this decision of the court, Bah Ardent expressed his gratitude and said that it will be a great help to the youth of this area, who have faced many problems due to the implementation of the Roster System.
This has led to those contractors who also hold power within the government to do whatever they want.
Students from Jyoti Sroat School, Roilang Livelihood Academy, Mary Rice Centre, ASHA School, Dwar Jingkyrmen and Agency for Sustainable Development Initiatives (KJP Synod Sepngi) participated in the program Students of Jyoti Sroat School, Roilang Livelihood Academy, Mary Rice Centre, ASHA School, Dwar Jingkyrmen and others participated in the event.
These districts are the most populous, he said.
Dear brothers and sisters, once again I come to you with this little letter to remind and encourage, in the midst of a terrible and terrible crisis, which has shaken the whole world.
Grace won her first MDC election as an independent candidate when Donkupar Massar was MLA of Nongshken.
Shillong, November 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) headed by Judge S.Kharsyiemlieh has failed to complete its investigation into corruption in the Khasi Hills District Council. KHADC within two months and extended the investigation until the last month of July,
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Nongkrem Constituency People's Committee (NCPC) has announced that HS Shylla will contest the MDC election from Nongkrem. The CNPC will hold its first public meeting on the 22nd June 2016 at 11 am at Madan Smit.
Our village will receive water in
Secretary, Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills Central Body gave a speech and congratulated this young man to continue his hard work in his studies and success in life.
Farmers around the villages have also been severely affected besides the rainy season when the production of jhur is low.
And they broke down the walls of Jerusalem.
We have all heard and seen what happened in Tripura, where the Tripuris became slaves in their own country.
If the households of the Jaitbynriew are weak, the community will be in turmoil, the Khaddar will be in turmoil and the religions (Nia ba-im) Trai Ri Trai Muluk and the Christian Churches will be filled with weaknesses. you are in the service of God.
If you send them to a box, you should cover them well and cover them with a blanket so that no one will steal them on the road.
This car which we bought new in June this year, we bought it by replacing the old one which we have been using for many years, to cover the cost of the car we applied for a car loan. .
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The manifestos of the UDP and HSPDP for the last elections have shown that both the parties want to amend or review the Reservation Policy.
We need to improve not only Shillong but also the rural villages so that they can get many benefits”.
The change will have a profound impact on the uniqueness and will also be a counting of what our ancestors have struggled to preserve despite many changes in the world and the age in which they live.
“I would like to advise the leaders that now that they have taken many issues but they should not forget about education because the condition of educational institutions and the need of the nation for educated youth is great. great to the extreme," he said.
At the same time, the union also congratulates the office of the Director, for releasing the money.
Results: Rajabala Constituency Mawryngkneng Constituency Mawphlang Constituency.
The Executive Engineer in charge of the work has been suspended and the Chief Engineer has been dismissed.
The Group-C match between Sanmer SC and Umpling SC will be played on Thursday at 5:30 pm.
It is understood that tomorrow many people will take part in the discussion, which is the increase in violence against women and may also discuss the rape of a 14-year-old girl. Julious Dorphang has been arrested on charges of involvement in this incident.
On the other hand, engineers of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police are preparing to build roads and footpaths on the border between the two countries and to increase their patrol posts on the border. of Ladakh and Arunachal Pradesh.
In a statement, the JSU said that the traffic jam at this place is due to the improper parking of vehicles that come to fish in the Umngot River and there is also the parking of vehicles that come to play at this place.
Doichong Buchem and Piketo Y Zhimo from Nagaland along with Siddharth Kakkar from Punjab were among the designers who took part in the two-day festival which was held in Jalandhar, Punjab.
The Joint Committee on Reservation Policy (JCCRP) on Tuesday decided to demand from the state government to implement the roster system from
Regarding the absence of the HPSO from taking part in these protests , the journalists met with the President of the HPSO to ask him why the HPSO has not appeared in the protests .
Miracles happen here on earth and Jesus performs miracles in a sick, poor, needy and hungry world.
According to the rules issued by the government through the PWD department, contractors implementing PMGSY schemes must complete the work within 18 months.
