Speaking after witnessing the swearing-in ceremony of the new government led by the Prime Minister, Bah Ronnie said that the Congress will sit in the opposition and will fight for the benefit of the state.
When he reached the house, his father asked him, “Hep, where are you from?” “I came from Lydia Papa's house.” Hep replied.
(According to my knowledge, it was not in Sylhet during the Second World War when the American air bases bombed Burma).
Khliehriat, Nailar, 09: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday lodged a petition with the Executive Engineer of MePDCL to express its They expressed their concern over the inadequate electricity distribution system and the excessive increase in electricity bills of the residents in the district.
Conrad Sangma has been appointed as an MLA.
“The Khasi translation of other books from overseas has been a treasure trove of information that has been read from generation to generation in schools.
Khliehriat Assembly Youth Congress Committee President Chrispin N Dkhar questioned how the MPCC has nominated a person who insults and insults the party and its leaders from state to block level.
It is learned that water divers of the Navy and NDRF Police, entered the crematorium at 4.30 pm on Tuesday, but could not do anything because the water did not. came down at all.
“We are still looking for a suitable candidate for the Nongstoin election and also for the mid-term elections to the KHADC,” said the President of KHNAM. It will continue to contest but if it doesn't get the right person who has the trust of the people it doesn't make sense to contest because it doesn't even escape the security.
Commenting on the book, Dr Kharbamon said that this is a 'collection of words' about the dedication and service of the Missionaries.
According to information received by this reporter from sohphlang farmers from all over the West Khasi Hills, there are many problems in the cultivation of this plant such as the lack of land.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Phudmuri, President of the VDP, Bah S Kurbah and Bah S Khonglam, Secretary of the VDP. friends addicted and trapped.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongdewsaw, Bah AB Warjri, said that 15 households have been severely affected and their houses have been destroyed. in this storm.
“Before 2014, there were no development projects in the North East and investors used to refrain from coming to the area due to lack of proper roads, railways or airports.
Expressing their excitement, Tenzin said, “We were excited for Ne-Yo, especially the performances of 'So Sick' and 'Miss Independent.
The Government of Assam has done this on the recommendation of the Boundary Commission consisting of six members appointed by the Government of Assam on 3/10/1
Romans 11:27/ Genesis 12:3.
“The suspension is due to the lack of harassment of doctors by the robbers in the market,” said a source.
New Delhi: A total of 479 employees of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) have tested positive for Covid-1
Besides, this year is also a good opportunity to celebrate this day, because if the governments of Meghalaya and Assam make a mistake in the Malangklona area, more serious problems will arise in Langpih sector and the deaths will not be limited to four but may reach dozens and hundreds.
In the first innings, WKH scored 165/9 in 20 overs with Icyful Mary Lyngkhoi tied for 23 while Banrisha Wahlang scored 3/15 before WKH beat SWKH for run.
These are items, worth £119/$129 and sold last year.
(It's just that we Nongmukroh have experienced and we tell the truth as we see it,” said the Mukroh farmers.
The curfew will work well in Punjab and Haryana.
Biona Citizen, Smt.
They like it if there are more refugees because they will use that wealth to win elections from time to time by buying heads of people whether it is T.100, T.500 or T. 1,000 and T.5,000.
Shivaji Parashu Madappagoudra beat Korean Kim Taehun by seconds to win the silver medal; The country's athlete finished in 14:49.058 per hour to beat the opponent's time of 14:4
The announcement came after the clashes with the gangs in the area have intensified and have caused danger to the residents of the area.
Meghalaya will cover 0.55 sq km and Assam will cover 1.74 sq km.
Besides these programmes, the students also had the opportunity to participate in various programs such as Home Visit, Surveys, Participatory Rural Appraisal (PRA), school programs involving them. Arts and Crafts, Physical Education, Storytelling, Action Songs, Awareness Programs on Dental Hygiene, Handwashing, Proper and Improper Touch, and Cleaning Drive in the village.
Bah Hamlet Dohling, extended his special congratulations to these youths who have successfully completed the training through the CTI, and said that their hard work together with the teachers and officers, will be rewarded. It is of great benefit not only to the farmers, but also in terms of the preservation of the environment.
Aristone M.Ryndongsngi, from Iewmawlong, is also the leader of the RBYF, Nongpoh.
Finally she arrived at the Shrine of Don Bosco and was welcomed by Fr. Roy Anthony who is also the parish priest.
According to sources, the suspects were arrested from a man named L Lamare of Mookaiaw, West Jaintia Hills district.
There is a committee, which has been appointed, the boundary committee, it has not worked, I don't know why,” he said.
A. Mokhade scored 265 runs and Danish Malewar 205 not out to leave Vidarbha 542/2 and 416 runs behind.
New Delhi: At least 35 people have been killed in a fire at a seven-storey building in Anaj Mandi on Rani Jhansi Road this morning.
If the government does not implement the ILP, entry and exit points, etc, the railway line will become a threat to our small paid people because we may be overwhelmed by these high paid people. and we shall perish in the generations to come.
According to the organizers, the demand for FIFA World Cup tickets in the Middle East is still ongoing.
Taken oath, by reading the statement written by us as responsible voters of india in compliance with the provisions of the constitution of this country, to unite the voters to to protect the environment, to eliminate discrimination of religion, race, language and language.
On 28.09.23, Shangpung Khliehmuchut will play against Mooknor Thadmuthlong at 1 pm.
There are people who are confused about whom to vote for and whom to reject.
A group of four registered transport unions, including KSRTC, BMTC, NWKRTC and KKRTC, have called for the 'Sarige Nigmagala Noukara Samana Manaskara Vedike' and submitted letters to the State Labor Commissioner.
He said that the food was distributed after the first service and from 12 noon on Sunday the food distribution started.
The Director General of Income Tax, Sanjay Bahadur, said that a thorough investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the seizure of the large sum of money. He also admitted that the involvement of politicians is very obvious.
The Kopati Puja was completed with the Pomblang ceremony inside the K'law Blei (Khlow Blai) which has a sacrificial altar in the middle of the village. u Pator, 7 Rangbah Kur and Raij who took part in this Kopati and various youths, and after that u Soh-Blei went to thank the flower of God to the Um-ïurem River together. After returning, there was a traditional dance by the children of Ñiamtre at the Seiñ Raij Chrah Umphula ground in all the villages and surroundings of Raliang Village, and from Laskeiñ, Nongkynrih, Raij. various to enrich this festival.
The meeting was attended by TMC President Charles Pyngrope, George B. Lyngdoh and other TMC leaders and office bearers. They said that they should implement all the promises they made to the people before the elections.
He said that tomorrow the distribution will start only for Class XII students in East Khasi Hills District and after that it will be distributed to other districts in the state.
Shylla said that in Mylliem Hima alone, there are no less than 15 MLAs. “15 MLAs have already reached lakhs of people. If we don't surprise the people, the time will come when foreigners will join us in large numbers and when they join us, what will happen will be bloodshed with the country? Shillong: Rising FC beat Nongkrem SC 2-0 in the First Division of the Shillong Sports Association (KHADC) on Tuesday.
Neralyn Passah is working as a J.E haka at the office of Chief Engineer PWD (Rds), Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
The meeting decided that both the parties will accept the decision to be taken by the governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
Before the distribution of the certificates to the 30 Rangbah Shnongs, a short meeting was held which was conducted by Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem. These Rangbah Shnongs have been appointed to follow the rules.
In the U-14 category only boys will be selected and in the U-17 category both boys and girls will be selected.
These farmers, accompanied by members of the HYC, went to meet with the management of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited.
The khwai competition scheduled to be held tomorrow 17th June 2023 at Shkenpyrsit, Tehlahaw, Amlarem Sub Division has been postponed to one day due to heavy rain.
He also stressed the need to get help from qualified people, talk to mental health doctors and inform the welfare department for advice and support to get help. day again.
Many teachers have expected the government to take a leave from 18th April 2024 because many teachers have gone on duty election.
Shillong: Mawlai SC and Lumparing SC have qualified for the semi final of the Shillong Women's League with a victory today.
Therefore, in collaboration with the AMM Foundation and MYFA, his federation has a goal to improve the lives of all players especially those who come from low income families. -kot in all parts of India.
The medal winners were: Daowan Suchiang – Gold Medal Fedrick Khongsit – Gold Medal Eibiangmi Langstang – Gold Medal Question Ch Momin – Gold Medal Rifiness Warjri – Gold Medal Dabatskhem Lyngdoh – Gold Medal Mewanaibok Kharbuli – Silver Medal The Ferdy School of Martial Arts (The Revolution MMA) congratulates the children of this sport and wishes them a healthy body and to continue to work hard in their sports careers. There have been 155 new cases of COVID-19, 108 recoveries and no deaths on Thursday.
“The Congress' desire to grant citizenship to foreign Hindus has existed since Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru wrote a letter in 1949 to the Chief Minister of Assam Gopinath Bordoloi to urge him to accept them. They came from East Pakistan which is now Bangladesh,” said Paul.
If they do not receive it, their life is not complete and according to God's law.
Expressing his strong opposition to the kilo cut of agricultural products, the Minister said that the products of farmers who pack in byrni and kriah have been cut by 5-10 kilos.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 77021 and out of these 73458 have recovered and 1329 have died.
The NSCN has accused the security forces of giving support to the KNA(B).
Even the former Deputy Prime Minister of India, Sardar Vallabhai PATEL, when he visited the Khasi Hills, said, “Your's is a land of God your live in.
The reason why they come to buy from this market is that the jhur ki jhep sold in Smit are fresh and not medicinal but grown only using fertilizers.
JOWAI: The Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai has celebrated World Environment Day (WED) on Thursday.
He said that when the land is transferred, it should be given only to the areas that are in the middle of the dispute and not to the areas that have never been disputed.
Through this new price, the excise duty on petrol will be T.22.98 per liter and on diesel T.18.83 per litre.
Mumbai police said they had seized a large quantity of Raj's pornographic films from his office in Andheri West in Mumbai.
What's happening? The Jews worshiped God in spirit, as Jesus said at John 4:2
The billionaire was arrested from his residence in Niketon in Dhaka and seized five rounds of ammunition, deposit receipts worth Tk 165 crore and Tk 1.8 crore worth of US currency, Singapore currency, foreign currency and other valuables.
Shillong: Risha Syiemlieh, 18, resident of Umlyngka, Upper Shillong, has been missing since the 26th of this month.
Lajong are in Group-D against Downtown Hero FC and two Indian Super League teams, NorthEast United FC and FC Goa.
Speaking to reporters, Prof Sandra Albert, Director IIPH-Shillong, said that the program is to work together to assist the state government to find hospitals like Ganesh Das and Civil Hospitals to become hospitals. training for MBBS doctors who are already in the field of specialized training in any type of disease which will serve as a diploma course and after completion they will become specialist doctors.
What is the Ryntieh? Let's see.
He promised that the government will provide any assistance to the hospitals and colleges in any areas they need in this service to the people.
The cleanliness drive was attended by the leaders of the group under the leadership of Bah Parek Kharshiing Asst.Secretary of the group, in collaboration with 8 villages, a group of women under the umbrella of Treilang. The village organization was led by Bahunmon Marbah, President of the village organization.
If there is a real fight, we don't know whether Zuckerberg, 39, can beat Musk, but Musk is said to be a mixed martial artist. MMA) and recently, he won jiu-jitsu.
He said that it is on this basis that the Seng has to take this step because it understands that those who have been excluded from the NRC can fight and create ways how to enter the NRC. Meghalaya is the closest state to Assam in all aspects.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will unveil a new statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah at Civil Hospital, Shillong at 12 noon on 30th November you're yours.
In the fourth match, Sohmynting and Dongmihsngi drew 2-2
There were also those who sat and went on donkeys to carry their goods.
This is one of the last signs.
The rally was canceled after the tragic incident of shooting dead five Khasi Pnars and a forest guard of Assam on the second day.
On this occasion, the two Chief Ministers decided to visit the border areas in Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills in July.
Shillong: After two days of clashes in Lapangap village, West Jaintia Hills District, on Friday, 28th November, the District Administration of West Karbi Anglong (Assam) and the District Administration of West Karbi Anglong (Assam) held a meeting. Jaintia Hills, have decided that the people from Assam will no longer harass the Khasi-Pnar people who go to farm rice in the area and the district authorities will provide protection to the Khasi-Pnar people in Lapangap.
The employees of MCCL have not received their salaries for 40 months.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: The Ministry of DoNER of the Union Government has organized the Northeast Festival 2022 in all the states of the North East from 28th June to 4th June In preparation for the 75th Anniversary of India, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District has prepared to hold a Mega Event in Ri-Bhoi District on the 3rd of this month at Byrnihat Square.
“We who live in Nongrah, Nongmynsong and Umpling areas, will face a lot of problems because the maxi cabs and buses help us in terms of fares and transportation fares. compared to taxis,” said the women who sell jhur in Khyndailad and Motphran.
Thousands of votes were cast and this candidate received a lot of votes.
He said that these rules need to be taken into account, so that it does not happen, like what happened in June 2021, in East Khasi Hills, where the beds are almost full and the death toll is very high. .
Expressing the same view, Working President Deborah Marak also demanded an independent inquiry into the incident and said, “It is sad news and shocks everyone.
He said that as an MLA he has tried to bring about many development works since he took over as leader and through the cooperation with the parents, village leaders and church leaders he will be able to continue to bring about more works. development for the needs of various villages in Nongpoh Constituency.
The unit requests the relevant authorities and the government to forward this information to the Ministry of Railway and also to provide security for other special trains returning from Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Kerala and others.
There is no need to talk about the road.
“If the State Government does not immediately set up a police station in Mukroh Village, West Jaintia Hills District, the residents of Mukroh Village will not be happy and will live in fear and anxiety of the police and forest workers of Assam. They robbed three of their fellow villagers,” said the village leaders of Mukroh.
Deborah in her speech explained to the people to come out in order to cast their vote and before they vote they should be careful about their will and not be forced by the power of money or in case of threat of force.
Regarding the presence of the Assam Police Station, people who spoke to this reporter said that the presence of the Assam Police Station in the area is only to check whether there are any activities. development works provided by the Government of Meghalaya to these villages and to stop or stop such development works, as has happened from time to time.
These two matches today have been the most exciting matches to witness in the three seasons of the Meghalaya State League so far.
In the second leg, Ehrang SC beat Tangnub SC 3-0. Mynjuri Byrloi scored 18', Savayus Masa 42' and 48'.
On Saturday, Rupang spoke to several elders who are the village headmen in the Khasi villages in Bangladesh.
Speaking at a seminar on the issue of Khasi Jaintia and Garo, Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the Khasi Jaintia and Garo people should work together to divide the state into two parts. If the Parliament of India still respects the Constituent Assembly, it should also respect the resolution of the Khasi National Making Dorbar of 1949, so that the relationship between and India will improve.
Ma KD Phawa urged other members of the Phawa Siangshai Kur who are more able to earn money to come forward to help the Kur at this time when they are facing difficulties in getting food items.
When asked by the Superintending Engineer of PWD ® Bah J.Lakiang to find out the truth, the answer was not clear.
He also played in the Durand Cup and the Hero Super Cup.
In this regard, the Government has amended the order ban ban the opening of shops, grocery stores, restaurants and enterprises until 10 pm throughout Shillong.
In the lowest per capita state in the country, the state is in the midst of a budget deficit of Rs 2000 crore, but how the politicians have become richer and earn more.
Through these assessments, we will be able to assess them in terms of their work," said the Mayor.
500 grams of heroin and 30,000 grams of heroin were seized from the truck (AS 01EC 7829). The drug traffickers have packed the drugs inside these soap boxes and the value of these drugs has reached more than T.14 crore.
Regarding the incident, Bah Pateng Myrsing, President of HANM, Ri Bhoi, said that as soon as the HANM learned of the incident, they went to inspect the incident and They found out the facts, which led to the closure of the Iing Dorbar, just because of the violence between the Nepalis against the Khasi who live in the village.
He said that as of now, the party cannot even register because there are many tasks to be completed if you want to save the party and because of the many problems, it has been decided. I'm not a member of the National Inclusive Society.
He said that as soon as the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam has been resolved, he expressed his satisfaction with the leadership of the NPP, especially for the almost resolution of the kharmetor issue. that ten years.
The reason is that the AITC and the Congress have not worked together in Delhi.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Mawryngkneng Police Station, Kong Roshan strongly criticized those people involved in burning vehicles and houses belonging to the government.
Phaseolus mungo, called 'urd' in Hindustani and 'black gram' in English, is closely related to bread; but the seeds of the mati kalai are usually green and those of the dai muk are green – that is why the French call the dai muk 'green gram'- or stem.
The reason is that the company has cut off all the roads of the residents of the village who used to pass through the area.
Sodium nitrate contains about 15 to 16 months of nitrogen.
The attempt of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to hide the Minister's visit without wanting the public through the media to know about the Minister's intention to visit the hospital has caused concern to the media. I don't know if you have anything to do with it.
During these 42 months or 1260 days and 30 days that will happen, many will repent and fight against Christ.
The four were arrested yesterday.
The trial will start at 11 pm for boys and girls for the players under 11, 13, 15, 17 and 19 years old including Senior and Veteran, 45 years old and 45 years old. all ages.
The incident occurred at around 3 pm and the occupants of the house, who are non-Khasi residents, did not know the cause of the fire. message.
This will protect against the fungus Phthorimoea operculela; it will also protect against some of the bacteria.
He said that besides houses, schools, churches have been destroyed and crops have been damaged.
Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that this award is what he had promised in the past years to give a cash prize to the students of Ri-bhoi College who can come forward and do well in their studies. He said that the award as an MLA will continue to be awarded in the coming years to the students who have brought glory to the college.
In 1960 he completed his IAS and held many posts for 24 years.
Speaking to a land agent in Bhoi, the writer said that in one village, during the day of writing, the Rangbah Shnong was in a hurry to sign the documents, because he wanted to get a commission.
The Pastor said that the report of the Magistrates has not yet been released, but he has already sent a complaint to the NHRC after the incident and has received a reply that they are still The complaint was sent to him by SMS and Email yesterday.
In another incident, a member of the Odisha Legislative Assembly was banned from asking questions in Hindi.
Meanwhile, the construction of the night shelter in Jowai has been completed and the electricity supply is being installed which will take 10 days and after that all the necessities will be provided.
“This EC has tried many kinds of efforts, but the presence of other powers, hampers the purpose of the EC which we as MDCs become like obstacles if we try to work for the improvement of the council. Another reason is the overcrowding of the council employees which is finding it difficult to fill the salaries and the EC has stopped appointing employees to fight to reduce the expenditure of the council.
Until now, floods have continued in Garo Hills despite the low rainfall.
He said that after P.Samaiang and Ribiang Langstang lodged a complaint at the Phramer Traffic Cell under Jowai Police Station, they suspected that their sister (Rodit Langstang) had been killed. of the husband of Roibiang Pakma, who has fled since they found the bodies of each of their sisters.
The State Government in Karnataka has set strict rules that any new houses built in Bangalore must have a rainwater harvesting system.
I am not mistaken if we say that those who study in Dkhar are more intelligent because they have grown up in a big pond,” said the mother.
The opposition has prepared to attack the EC on issues including the meeting with the people of Umwang area of ​​Ri-Bhoi district which is in dispute with Assam, the appointment of the old EC even between claiming less money and firing others.
The Secretary of the party, Mr. M.Challam, urged the farmers especially the youth to come forward and join the party so that the future of the party will be better. The Seng will become stronger and stronger for the protection of the dohum dohpnat across the rivers in Ri-Lum Jaintia.
He said that the Executive Committee will meet to discuss the bill and once it has been finalized it will be brought to the House for approval and after that it will be sent to the Governor for approval. it shall be a complete law.
The ability to eat horses.
Regarding the inspection, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, said that the purpose of the inspection was to know for himself about the condition of the health centers in Ri Bhoi and especially in relation to the Civil Hospital in Nongpoh, which will be used as a quarantine facility for those infected with COVID-1
This child was able to continue her schooling at the Mission House in Nongsawlia.
Regarding the allegation by the residents of the Corona Centre, Kong RM Kurbah, said that they have issued this allegation, because they have been confused, that they have stayed. slem at the Centre.
Meanwhile, the border between Meghalaya and Assam will reach the Labang-Nongphyllut, Nongphyllut and Pangamraliang Elaka, which the Meghalaya and Assam governments are better known as Block I. Please publish letters one by one so that the people will know their demand and struggle to come within the border of Jaintia-Meghalaya.
The Dorbar Shnong Ladrymbai Dongwah together with the Police have gone to the main roads in the village to resolve the illegal parking of vehicles which has caused traffic jam for almost a month. day.
Prestone said the state government has so far signed an agreement with NEEPCO to generate up to 200 MW of electricity through Umïam Stage I, II, III and Umïam Stage III which was signed in soon it will be implemented because the work has progressed rapidly.
Most of the time, in my journey, we still get roads, but after six months, six months less, they are bad, because the quality is not good.
On the bill, the CEM said that the KHADC has been asking the government through the DCA to clarify whether the bill has been sent by the KHADC for six months. Adelbert said that once again the KHADC has sent a letter to the government for 10 months now through the DCA to set a time to meet with the DCA. and that the discussion will be only on the Village Administration Bill.
The death toll has risen to 1,174 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 84,3
When asked, he said, “The inability of the Government to accept the CBI...the family members have done what is right to go to the State Court because the court has its own boundaries, It has its own power to force the Government to find out the truth and take the necessary action on this fake encounter with Bah Cherish.
On the other hand, Patton also spoke on the issue of preserving the language and the rich customs and traditions of the state as these are the most important things to promote. to the world the uniqueness of the people of the state.
Shillong: The feeling of the people in the country as a whole, has shown the need for another party, which will emerge in the country, to be a strong party, said Mukul Sangma, Leader of the National League for Democracy (NLD). The Trinamool Congress is the new party.
The Rangbah Shnong of Pahammawleiñ, Bah Kyrmun Sylliang, said that the company and the Manager in charge of collecting money from the NHAI toll gate did not respect the NOC. When contacted by the Dorbar Shnong, the Manager said that he does not need the NOC from the Shnong and the Company has already received the NOC from the Dorbar Shnong. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has said that they no longer need the NOC of the Village.
The categories include Men's Singles, Men's Doubles, 35 years and above and 50 years.
In the past year, Shen has experienced two incidents of wild boars.
The MMECC believes that it is with the initiative of the Chief Minister that the Forest Department has started to inspect the remaining coal in the mines of the people in order to give permission to transport the coal. The Forest Officer (DFO) Territorial Shillong has already directed the miners to submit their applications so that they can take the necessary action.
The KSU Thangraiñ Unit has awarded the Maitshaphrang Academic Award to the children and youth who have passed well in various grades from Thangrain.
The increase is 110-120 tyngka per shi byrni...we urge the authorities to take action against this cement dealers.
“At Ramakrishna Mission, the cost of x-ray and ultra sound is only one third of the cost of other hospitals,” Swami said.
According to the filing of nomination papers, Lambokstarwell Marngar alone has filed for the post of President and no one has contested against him. The post of Vice President has been filed by Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang without any opponent. Donald V Thabah has been elected General Secretary without any opposition.
“Your food is not enough.
However, after a while they had to sign the agreement because of the gunfire of the Assam Rifles, and if they did not sign, the agreement could be shot dead.
At least 150 people, 10 of them Hamas militants, were killed in Sunday's clashes as they tried to enter western Israel.
The forest, rivers, streams and hills are all collective ownership.
Shillong Lajong, Rangdajied United, Mawlai and Khliehmawlieh are ready to take the final decision for the final of the Meghalaya State League 2023 on Tuesday.
“I have been told that there has been a recruitment of politicians from the households and such muster rolls don't go to work but they only take the money because they know that no one can fire those who have jobs. politician”, said Bah Rani.
Nongpoh, July 27: In one of the incidents which has shocked many churches, a woman has lost her life after she was suspected to have been killed by her husband and he tried to kill her. end his life on the charge of murdering his wife.
“We also fully support the demand of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of the Border Area for the apology of the MLA Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare and we also demand that he should apologize immediately,” she said. Shillong: The Congress party, which sits in the opposition in the Legislative Assembly, has strongly criticized the MDA Government for the increasing number of cases of Covid-19 in the state. its inability to control the spread of Covid-19 in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 03 : The semi final of the 1st Women's Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the Riwar Mihngi Sports Association on Tuesday. Mawriang SC scored the first goal of the match.
“It is regrettable that the Meghalaya government has given the opportunity to Assam to run the bus from Dhaka-Shillong even though it has not had any role in this preparation,” said the newspaper. message.
The KSU Education Cell led by Asst. Education Secretary SanTomba Bamon has suggested to the Director to upgrade the Rymbai Govt Secondary School to a Higher Secondary School. It is the secondary school of the Government in the whole of East Jaintia Hills.
“The onset of the disease is through fever, fever, bleeding and one who is pregnant also gives birth,” said Ma Suja. He said that the disease started in the last month of June and in the middle of October, all the pigs he kept died plain. He said that he has lost T.1.5 lakh from the death of these pigs, which he keeps in four households.
Bengaluru: To improve the income of farmers and the state as a whole, the state government on Tuesday 15th November 2023 held a Zestfest (Meghalaya Khasi Mandarin) in the city. Bengaluru is located in the state of Karnataka.
On this occasion, it was seen that the people especially the women were very angry with the Acting Rangbah Shnong and it was also seen that these women went to talk face to face with Ken Syiem, who he was the king of the Marwet Raid.
The MPYC has demanded that the party members who have applied for the ticket to contest the 27th June election should be elected instead of the leaders of other parties who have just joined the Congress. .
After that, he deceived the Gurdwara, where he and his wife were born, by receiving T.11 lakh on the promise of building a hospital there.
As usual before the lympung shad, the leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, held a thanksgiving and prayer to ask God to grant us a bright sky. The forces of nature, even if it is their time to come, should not allow this joyful celebration to go smoothly.
Regarding the desire of the Chief Minister to use Debit Cards and Credit Cards, he said that in the state there are only 100 people who use these cards and there are only 100 shops. 2 of them have installed machines to process these cards.
However, he said that the difficulty in speaking in the Khasi language in the House is because many other ethnic groups do not understand that they do not have the technology to translate into a language that they understand like in Parliament.
The state government has also directed all the four DCs to ensure that there will be no disturbances in the elections in the areas where there is a dispute over the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
He said that the State Government believes that through this kind of sports, it will develop the youth of the State and also attract international recognition.
Other development measures in the state will only be to stir up trouble and stir up the fellow members of the party and stir up the people.
In a statement, Shylla said that Rangad is the person who wants to divide the Khasi-Jaintia people.
Only a day after the conversation with his mother, he spoke and explained to Ksan that they could no longer support him in school.
The mother of two was taken to hospital after showing symptoms of corona virus after her husband also tested positive for COVID-19 and is undergoing treatment. at Civil Hospital Shillong.
The residents of Rngi Shillong have spent their own money to repair this road as it has affected the traffic of the villagers especially the farmers who used to transport their produce.
Shavian Blah (11), Banïalam Mylliemngap (13) and finally Jeremiah L Kynshi (7 not out) and Gavineal Marpna (7 not out) scored for 25 runs. 9) Meghalaya scored 104 runs for the loss of all wickets in 45.2 overs.
NEIGHRIMS has clarified that this is a false report and has informed the Cyber ​​Crime Branch of the Meghalaya Police about the incident, said UDr Cornerstone Wann, Public Relation Officer of the hospital.
Speaking to media on the 28th June 2024, the 4th Anniversary of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, Bah Donald said that the attack by foreigners on the party in He said that these Bangladeshis have not spoken in words but have shown in deeds.
“This makes us Khasi like blind 'lang and stupid idols without brains,” said Dr Myrboh.
The monument was inaugurated by Bestarwell Kharbani, President of the Kur. At the same time, Macmillan Kharbani, Secretary Committee, read out the monument. the history of the country.
The election of the leaders of these two Autonomous District Councils will be held in
Recently, the MDA government has invited us on the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on the border. You have not invited us to talk but you have said, read whether we have already approved it or not.
The truck was also bearing the number plate No. AS11CC7420, according to a Whatapps MSG sent by SP Vikananda Singh.
I Kong Pretty, who used to be a member of the MDP and who contested the 2008 election from Malki-Nongthymmai Constituency, I don't think she knows the working methods of the party. “It's not like I'm going to fight in Nongkrem Constituency, but I'm going to fight from Malki-Laitumkhrah,” said Bah Bindo.
Climate change has also affected agriculture, not only in this state, but in the world as a whole.
" Maheh said.
He also encouraged the farmers to do their utmost to cultivate organic fertilizers to protect the soil.
“The Government has decided to spend up to T.75 lakh each for the best athletes,” said Conrad. Jyothi Yarraji (100m Hurdles), Parul Chaudhary (3000m Steeplechase), Shaili Singh (Long Jump), Annu Rani (Javelin Throw) and Bhawna Jat (20km Race Walk).
However, now they don't have to worry if they need it at any time, because the road has improved and this has also made it easier for the farmers who used to earn a living from agriculture.
Raj Biswas tied 25 runs from 19 balls, but Bicky Raj Das scored 77 runs from 31 balls and was named Player of the Match.
However, he did not think that this statement would turn against the KHADC until he was removed as CEM. Bah Bajop said that during the elections he said that the NPP will remove the UDP from the government after the elections. election.
The Government has initiated a number of initiatives to ensure access to health care in all areas by looking more closely at the health benefits related to digital and technology.
The struggle must end not only in the wind.
Nonglatem's school was filled with Form Muktieh in 2 minutes.
Short speeches were also delivered by the former President of TULBA Central Body, Bah Seiborlang L.Nonglait and Bah Rishandon Nongrum, the new President of TULBA. from various Units who came from all over Meghalaya.
He said that as an MP candidate from this party, he still has many desires to work to bring about more changes in many areas, so he will continue to work hard to strengthen and bring about more changes in the party. The Shillong Parliamentary Seat in collaboration with the party leaders to gain the trust of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ronie, who is still in Tura, said the government will look into the problems of the land dealers and is ready to find land for them.
Mawshaton has also been declared as a place that has been closed down due to the presence of suspected cases of Covid-1
I don't want to talk about the past, but I will talk about the past on the 31st July 2019 at Student Square in order to oppose the CAB. They are well known to various political parties, rulers and even politicians.
On the other hand, a smiling Rahul Gandhi said, “I congratulate the new government and wish them good luck”.
He said he hoped that the government would do something to help upgrade the law school.
On the road blockade, he said there was no obstruction of vehicles and there was no violation of the High Court order.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that he has not been able to discuss the issue of Roster System in the Synrai Legislative Assembly. He had to bring an adjournment motion to discuss the Roster System as it is an important issue and to lose the other issues that he had already put in the House. Thaw Aiñ is not yet completed.
You shall have the opportunity to try and judge by experts before accepting the public as such languages ​​that do not exist or that are not created or created.
“As I said, we have fought against all the ruling parties because the emergence of the VPP is also on the basis of the failure in the service delivery by all these political parties including the ethnic parties. , and we have often said that one day the VPP will replace the ethnic parties, which we have been able to do now through this result that you have witnessed now,” he said.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: The Sumarlang Ai Khasi Society (SADKS) today held a meeting with the public and distributed herbal seeds. to those people who have the intention to preserve the herbal medicines in Umtrew Ri Bhoi District.
Next season, Sailung Ialong and Mukhla Raij will play in the Super Division.
The words UNITED and AND are understood.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has imposed a curfew from 10 pm to 5 pm tomorrow, July 2, you night.
The election to elect members of the legislative assembly is not only important but also sacred because it is the rule of law that determines the future of the nation and its heritage.
The Meghalaya team consists of Raj Biswa, Kishan Lyngdoh, Rohit Shah, Punit Singh Bisht (guest professional), Dippu Ch Sangma, Chirag Khurana (guest professional), Rajesh Bishnoi (guest professional), Lerry G Sangma, Yogesh Tiwari , Anish Charak, Kilco Marak, Abhishek Kumar, Swarajet Das, Chengkam Sangma.
Eleazar Chungthang Menashe, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Excellence, served in the 13th Golani Brigade, a well-known unit of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF).
Because it is only through cooperation that the state can develop quickly.
Pala said many of them will leave the party that is currently leading the state government, the National People's Party.
The family members informed the police as the area was dangerous.
Shillong, Jymmang : Babyka B Marak has lodged a complaint on 24th July, 2024 that her scooter (ML-08G-4692) was found. that I have left the village of Akonggre, Tura (WGH).
John Calvin said, “The Word of God is a kind of light which helps to seek and understand God, a light to show the glory of God. God"Job" 12-7-10 “Ask the beasts, and they will teach you; the sea shall tell thee.
Shillong: An urgent appeal to the Hima Authorities to urge the children of the thousands in their Shnongs/Raids and Hima especially the Village Authorities to take action against this fight against Covid1 Thousands of children to take action to create opportunities in the village to farm as much as possible in the fields and areas that are free during this time of fighting covid 19 as part of being prepared for the future. any crisis or famine due to this conflict will still take time.
It means that Jesus came to Lazarus' house on Saturday and stayed overnight. The next day, Sunday, there was a Jewish feast, and the people knew. that Jesus also should enter Jerusalem into the temple of Jerusalem.
He said that he had collected up to T.80 lakh after cheating and deceiving the residents of the state to get jobs at the Secretariat, Shillong through the MPSC and DSC. The victim was identified as Richard Tiplang Swer, 39, resident of Wahingdoh.
I have spoken to the Civil Sub-Division authorities and I have learned that one person has died this morning due to the delay in coming for treatment,” he said.
Khliehriat, June 10 : Dozens of Congress, NPP and BJP workers have joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) to give their full support to the party's candidate Ma Shitlang. Pale will contest the MLA election from Sutnga Saipung constituency.
“They did not ask for an explanation on the reason for this confusion but they asked for an explanation to speak to the media on this issue,” said Mawkhliang. kaner is their household chore.
After hearing the opinion of the MLAs and party office bearers, Sadho will leave for Delhi to bring the news and the party will take the necessary action.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong of Baridua, Raidmarwet, Ribhoi District today sent a complaint to the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun. , who is not from abroad to this village.
I believe you know the reasons and events of those times for our nation.
Hindus do not worship Ram or Krishna, but they worship Ishwar, which means Savior.
He also urged the students to think twice in their own jobs, saying that now there is no need to turn to one side to get government jobs because government jobs can no longer be filled by young people inside. the state.
In the final match of the day, North Liberty Higher Secondary School beat Shangpung UP RMSA 4-0 goals. The Magistrate, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, in an order issued on 3rd July 2022 under Section 144 of the CrPC, has banned the mining of shyiap in the land of Ksehkohmoit and Krohbah in Ksehkohmoit village. Langtor village is located in the province of East Khasi Hills District.
The girl was on her way to Geoffrey's residence at Mawlai Kynton Massar on Thursday and was from Mairang and came to Shillong to sell shops.
In recent months, heroin worth more than Rs 70 crore has been seized in the Pakistani border areas near Sri Ganganagar district.
In other parts of India and Assam, there are also some varieties of sohtrun which are being imported recently.
I looked and saw that out of the 76 composers in KHB, not one of them has composed an environment song.
In the first innings, PM Santhosh scored 5/18 for Nagaland and in the second innings he scored 3/58 in 13 overs.
Shillong: Mawshbuit SC beat Mawtawar SC 0-0 in the 3rd Division Football Championship at Polo Ground on Saturday.
In the second half, Mawlai FC continued to play hard and scored only four goals and in the 58th minute Manbha scored the second goal. for him and for Mawlai.
The Ialong Behdieñkhlam is one of the six Behdieñkhlam festivals held in Jaintia Hills.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident to identify those involved.
Shillong: The newly elected President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie, has appointed six Vice Presidents, two General Secretaries, six Secretaries and a Treasurer.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lawsohtun Unit strongly condemns the murder of Hapish Nongbri, a taxi driver, in the past few days.
“If we can't impress ourselves first, we can't impress others through music, so whatever you do should be done from the heart,” said the Chief Guest.
The rangbah has a sense of responsibility not only in his household, but also in the administration of the community so that there will be just and good governance with the freedom to fight against you are snow.
The JSU together with the village authorities have decided to discuss and inform the law enforcement authorities to prevent the illegal immigrants from entering the village. expel those who do not have the right to live in this village and in the area as a whole.
It is understood that the meeting came after an arrangement between the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Speaker, Metbah Lyngdoh, along with other ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government. (MDA).
The Sordar of Kynshi Mawria, Bah P.Sohkhlet, also gave a briefing on the registration of day laborers through the e-shram. The Labor Inspector said that the employees will receive various assistance from the government.
It will not benefit us at all,” he said.
He said that East Jaintia Hills does not need to build the railway line at present, but the main demand is to bring about economic development including roads, government colleges and other projects. development within the District.
The Super Division will be played between Shangpung Lumiawmushai and Niaw Wasa at 2.00 pm.
We live in the days when we have to stand on our own feet or self-reliant without expecting too much from government jobs.
Syed Sabir Pasha from Tamil Nadu has been appointed as assistant manager of Chennaiyin FC in the 2017-18 ISL season.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs of these Khasi Villages have lodged a complaint with the High Court.
With the announcement of the curfew at midnight on October 24, about 1.3 billion people across India have been forced to stay at home.
These Mynder and foreigners who came from other neighboring countries through Assam, Tripura and other states have spread so far that they have settled in Ri Bhoi, West Khasi Hills, Shillong. In Jaintia Hills and small towns in the state, Garo Hills will be discussed.
This is an order issued since July 1, 2023, but which came into force yesterday causing confusion and protests from commercial vehicle drivers.
Lajong Junior have won three consecutive games and earned seven points from three games.
Regarding the schemes in schools where MDCs used to get two schemes but now they have only one, the CEM said that after inspection, it was found that some MDCs have received 2, some have received only one. one and some of them received 3 to 4 assistance so only one was given first so that everyone could get together.
London: British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, 58, has announced that he will step down as Prime Minister.
Groups wishing to participate will confirm their participation by meeting the requirements.
In the third year, 666 years, the Beast will sit in the Temple of the Jews.
This continuous implementation of the surveillance on the presence of robbers and robbers has led to the arrest of many serious robbers in the past six to nine months,” he said. North Block, who did not want to be named.
Shillong: Namita Deka, 31, from Police Reserve, Shillong, was taken to NEIGHRIMS on the 6th of this month, but died on the same day.
However, the government stopped in 2000 from airing the people on the grounds that many of the borrowers did not pay.
It is alleged that Bah Shullai had insulted the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who was delivering a speech on the discrimination against the indigenous people.
When contacted, Khlaiñbor Syiemïong said that he is a rap singer and lives in Mawkyrwat, but lives in Jakrem.
“My photograph with Amazing is like a family, a friend and I photograph with his brothers too, all brothers.
Poverty is not in terms of wealth but in terms of traditional values, traditional culture, traditional way of life.
The ECC said that the coal mining has affected the environment and the health of the people, as well as the drinking water they get from the rain because the tins of the houses of the people have been burnt down. full of coal.
In the results released by NEHU, 73.27% of the students who passed were Honor while only 65.06% of the students who passed the B.Com II Year Examination. 378 of them have passed.
“We too will set an example to other states like Mizoram and Manipur that we should not delay so that the aspirations of the people will be met,” he said.
Don't be afraid until you are afraid Hey Maya people chiboon and chem.
Furthermore, they will provide rice, wheat, dai, oil, sugar, flour at a reasonable price for all under the PDA system. For the elderly, they will provide an arshah food allowance. T1000 per month, Ayushman scheme to increase from 5 lakh to 10 lakh, medical colleges to be established across the country, 100% support from Pradhan Mantri Awass Yojana in Meghalaya, no to live in a house but in a house with two rooms, toilet, kitchen, gas connection and yard.
He also said that the VPP has two strong pillars, one is to bring about a clean and transparent governance and one is to protect the rights of citizens. citizenship whether in the rule of law or in the language of the thylleij, in the faith, or in the ownership of the land.
“At present, the company that is building this road cannot complete the pending works because it is in short supply of funds, but if the Khajna Khajna is opened, the money from the tool will be used. The gate has been used to complete the pending works, especially the Umsning By-Pass which is still pending,” said Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni.
Shillong, July 15: About 150 people have been affected by a natural disaster in Pynursla area in June this year.
According to a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of TULBA, Bah S Kurbah, the leaders who were elected and confirmed on the occasion include President Kyrshanlang Nongbri, Vice President Bloomingstar Kharpran. , General Secretary, Mr. Malcolmstar Kharpran, Assistant Secretary, Mr. Moonster Pangrore, Treasurer, Mr. Barbanius Kharumnuid, Finance Secretary, Mr. Wanphrang Kharumnuid, Publicity Secretary, Mr. Nowel Dhar, Sport Secretary, Mandari Dhar, Social Secretary, Michael Kharpran, Adviser Adrian C. Kharpan, Loster Dkhar, Bryan Kharpor and Marcborn Kharpran.
The construction of the Shillong-Dawki road has been implemented by an ARSS company. Until now, the company has not been able to clear the soil in the middle of the road.
Ratacherra Lumtrom, Lumshnong YWSC and Shymplong have qualified for the quarterfinals after winning the football tournament organized by the Narpuh District Sports Association (ENSA) on Tuesday.
Nongpoh: U Dr. WR Kharlukhi, MP Rajya Sabha from the National People's Party (NPP), today honored the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar. They held an annual meeting of the Central Executive Committee at Nongthymmai Umsning.
The word says, the crown shall be placed on the head of the leader, but do not let it cover it.
“It doesn't matter whether the party is in power or not but what is needed is the decision of the people because I was elected by the people,” said Pynshngain.
Manipur has been dropped to
About 1 lakh spectators are expected at the Wandra Metropolitano Stadium and there are reportedly many supporters of the two teams.
However, UDP Mylliem Constituency President Hamlet Dohling today lodged an FIR with the Jhalupara Out Post Police Station against the contractor and supplier registered with the government of Susil S Sangma.
?" asked the mother. “I don't know, Mother, but there is something wrong with you... I just understand that something is going to happen in our house.
They are fighting together to rule over each other.
Those who worship idols even if they pray until noon, they will not do anything, because they are dead gods.
“He also spoke on the lack of salaries of teachers and lack of garbage dump in Jowai. “To pay salaries to teachers and to provide garbage dump in Jowai cannot be done, but the government has money. He said that this is just a ploy to eat ei for five years, while government employees, teachers of the rights that they have worked hard do not get, farmers They are being neglected, the trade has declined and no one has thought of opening coal to survive because of the high level of market.
I want you to include the whole Bible in Khasi, Garo in this add.
The National Law Commission in 2018 after conducting a Public Consultation has recommended that the UCC should not be implemented but should be improved and amended. the existing customs of the various races and ethnic groups in India.
M.Nongneng President and G. Laloo Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Longsan Upper Shillong said that the Union will continue to oppose the state government's proposal to allocate land to the Air Force. He said that this is a People's Republic, therefore the Government should listen and respect the voice of the people because the Nongmihkmat are elected by the people and the Government is also formed by the people.
KHNAM also alleged that the State Sports Council has violated the order of the Labor Commissioner regarding the payment of salaries.
He was captured and hanged by the British on November 30,
Nongstoin, Jymmang 5: MSSASA, West Khasi Hills District in a statement sent to the media today said that the SSA teachers of West Khasi Hills District at a public meeting held at the office of the District Education Department On the 4th of this month, the Government has decided to appoint a full time DMC before the 8th June, 2016 and to release the salary for 3 months. before the 10th of June, but if the Government remains silent or looks at the problems of the teachers, she said that the ban will throw even the blood of the mother and there is no other way but to close the door. Please visit the office of DMC Nongstoin.
The reason why the AHORs continue to take up this third round of their competition is that many of the people of the state do not know or understand well about this competition. .
At the meeting, which was attended by officials from PWD, NHIDCL and other government departments, the Chief Minister said that the implementation of the Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki road was discussed. Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA).
For example, Lum Nokrek in Garo Hills is a hill that produces soh jew seeds from the wild soh jew trees on this hill and also the wild soh jew trees that grow on this hill are the original seeds. grapes of the world.
In this raid which was conducted at 8:00 pm, police arrested three drug traffickers including one Ronald Laloo, 24 years old and two others known as Banphiralang Shabong, 41, and Thangboi Paite, 46, were arrested.
He drank until nightfall with the intention of working.
“Shah I will tell you one thing, I did not say whether they are members of the KSU or not. When we arrest anyone, you should understand that we are based on all sides, where, how and why. , and so the investigation began and then went to court for a decision.
This statement shows ignorance on these two subjects.
The year 1966 will also be a memorable year for I (L) Prof.Martin N.Majaw who led the construction of the house of the 'Ki Thei awria' near the Umsohsun Bridge which we used to call the UNO. The Dreamland Cinema Hall has been completed.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Justice Paul Lyngdoh said, “Kiang Nangbah Government College is the oldest educational institution which has served the youth of Jaintia Hills for 53 years in the field of education. intelligent.
Regarding the road construction company BSC C&C JV in Kynshi, Shylla said that foreigners have been working since 2011, but there is not a single one to take the license. He said that at present there are only 60 employees who will stay for only 3 months and will leave in November this year. In this regard, she will have to seek detailed information from the Ministry of Labour.
Why does this question occur to me? It is because after those plagues in the past there may have been events and changes such as wars, famines, changes in the rule of law and others.
In order to improve the quality of education, the government will implement medical colleges and engineering colleges.
Those employees who are in the crematoriums, did not want to say anything, but they complained that they did not know about the collection of the fire from these crematoriums.
" I asked a question as if I was surprised.
Only sports clubs under Thadlaskein Block are eligible to participate.
There are 0 candidates in the rank of Post Graduate Medicine from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 7 candidates remained unemployed till 31st November
On their journey they passed through Tibet, descended through Burma until they reached the shores of the Bay of Bengal.
It differs from EPIC, credit card, SMART card and others because they take only that demographic data while Aadhaar (which comes from Sanskrit and means 'base' in both demographic and biometric measurements are required.
The union also congratulates the government and demands that the government should take action to allocate funds for the continued cleaning of the road. from Sohnidan to Umsiang so that the road will be complete and will be a blessing for the people of the area, said the statement.
The JAC leaders requested the Police Department to deploy police personnel in these areas at 8 pm, 12 noon and 3 pm, as these are the times when the school children. Therefore, the police need to ensure the safety of the students.
He expressed his regret when the students shouted at him when he went to talk to them.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, the CM invited all the stakeholders to implement the project which aims to improve service delivery in the rural areas of the state including district hospitals.
He said that he wants this heritage to be a blessing to the future generations.
The Presidents and Secretaries of all the District Units of MSSASA and two nominated members from the District Units have been elected as members of the Central Executive Committee of MSSASA.
India is a democratic country.
“He said the Model Code of Conduct will come into force within 72 hours of the announcement of the election to ensure security and vigilance until the end of the election.
Tens of thousands of bodies have been dumped on the Philippine highway after rescue workers were able to rescue them, the victims of Typhoon Haiyan in the area.
There is also a possibility of light or heavy clouds in the coming 24 hours.
Doctors have urged mothers to take the opportunity to vaccinate their children under five years of age and poor mothers to take this vaccine to strengthen their immune system by going to the nearest health centres.
The seizure came after police received a tip on the presence of smugglers trying to enter the state after they seized a vehicle. Volkswagen with number plate AS 01 DT
South West Garo Hills district has a 38 km border with Bangladesh.
Banshanskhem Nongphud (33) scored the first goal for St Peters while Bamil turned the tide through Tengba A Sangma (49).
AIS SujaTruth is essential in the life of every person, truth is the right that shines like the sun.
However, this morning while she was on her way to school, she found the pla again and took it to school with the thought that there was something in the pla.
We leave it to the discretion of the committee as the members have been given 12 months to look into it,” said VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon.
When she was tested positive for the corona virus, she died on the same day.
On the same day, a public meeting and wreath laying ceremony was held in Mairang and Nongklaw where MLA-MDC Mairang constituency Bah Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest. Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri as the chief guest including the Sordar Union, the elders who gave speeches on the bravery of Syiem Tirot Singh who fought against the British troops and as an elder he gave his life to protect himself. in death to escape the slavery of the people under the rule of the French rulers at that time.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Lady Kean College, Shillong has ordered the Lady Kean College, Shillong to pay a property tax of Rs 45 lakh for the year The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the CB's action and demanded that the state government should take immediate action against it.
“The NPP's withdrawal of Danggo from the Congress is like it does not trust the ethnic parties that have formed a coalition government,” said the leader, who did not want to be named.
Ernest's remarks have angered the National People's Party (NPP) to the point that Conrad has admitted that many of the BJP leaders and members want to see the BJP withdraw. to Mr. Ernest.
As decided in previous years, the Dorbar Chnong Khimusniang, Jowai will not allow candidates to lead foreigners and only 10 foreigners and 4 vehicles will be allowed to enter the village. .
There are also other activities that we mention and comment on from time to time.
The three injured including the driver were rushed to hospital.
There is only one small road connecting Nongstoin – Shillong and Nongstoin Mawshynrut (Sonapahar). There is no road to Rambrai from Nongstoin. I passed Matriculation from the Board of Secondary Education Assam, and I was also a fighter for Hill State at that time when we were fighting for our own state.
According to police, several fishermen found a pigeon sitting in their fishing boat while fishing in parts of the sea waters in these areas. a few days ago.
" I replied, "I don't know what will happen.
According to Bah Ardent, the boundary of South Garo Hills was introduced according to the notice of the State Government on November 3, 1976 and the boundary of Ri Bhoi was introduced according to the notice. the State Government on July 4,
This gives hope to the thniang of hope that it will rise high through your coming to become faithful workers not only for yourself but for the victory of hope for the Jaidbynriew,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 14: The election period for the Legislative Assembly of the State is six months away and almost all the political parties have prepared their candidates for the election.
The names of the players are Bashisha Rani, Junita Sad, Nicole Nongrum, Clary Lynrah, Magrita Kharbangar, Phiba Shangpliang, Suklin Kharkongor, Iari Nongbri, Naro Kharkamni, Streamlet Nongrang, Sia Galo, Mepi Loyi and Dulon Khar. (Coach) and James M Bamon (Manager).
So we want to see these stand up.
As the use of lights increases, the numbers increase faster on the LCD display than on mobile phones.
Not only do we protest without grounds but we condemn the VC's corruption and his indifference to the future of the children.
The 12 gold biscuits weighing 166 gms were recovered from Amir Hussain of Lilong Turel Ahanbi, Manipur.
What is more surprising for the MDC is that the jobs in Garo Hills have not been appointed by Garo, but the appointment has been exactly from two training institutions – Woodland Nursing Institution and NEIGRIHMS.“There has been no consideration for other candidates who have qualified, including the Graduates from the Government.
Shah said various authorities in the country have come up with guidelines and guidelines that help the media report on children’s rights in the right way.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, today took note of the long-standing demand of the Lalung (Tiwa) people to get Schedule Tribe status. Constituency, he led the elders and Sengbhalang leaders of these Lalungs, to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, to convey to him, on their demand.
The investigation revealed that the child was also raped by another man named Lumding Syiemlieh.
On Thursday, Madanthad Thadmuthlong will play against Royal Pole Mihmyntdu at 12 noon, while Kseh Sylle will play against Pasyih Cultural at 2 pm.
According to this rule, those from the east of Shillong cannot reach Khyndai Lad unless they pass through the IGP point and Kachari point.
Ma Vincent had a gold watch worth T.9 lakh, a 0.38 revolver worth T.3 lakh and a DBBL rifle worth T.15,0 94,26,671.67, while his wife had earrings, lockets and other items worth T.6,50,000 and a 0.32 revolver worth T.15,000. 86,742,89.29.
Latiplang Kharkongor (KHNAM) from Nongthymmai, Probiti Nongpluh from Laitumkhrah-Malki and Louis Dohtdong from Mawkynrew constituency.
Tynsong said the goal of the MDA-2 Government is to implement all the outstanding issues.
Nongpoh, July 06: A lyngkha cultivating sying in Umtangi village, Raid Narleiñ, Ri-Bhoi District, has been destroyed by the residents of Umtangi village, Raid Narleiñ, Ri-Bhoi District. Storen Dohtdong, Rangbah Shnong Umtangi and John Bian Sawkmie, Secretary Shnong, on July 4 at 1 pm.
Even those who have taken over the post have chosen to move back to their respective States by choosing the option available to them according to the Service Rule for Postal Employees after serving for one year.
However, if the Union Ministers do not agree, the Chief Ministers of the two states cannot implement any demand.
“If we turn to Hydro Power Projects it will take a long time but I think there are other faster options like Solar Energy, Wind Energy, and others,” said Ronnie.
In my personal voice, I follow the belief that God has divided only two people and those who have already been separated from each other, man and woman, to come in glory and to save the future of the child. mankind was created on earth to live and live all his life.
When asked, he said, “There are many vehicles carrying goods going to Haat Bangla.
U Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today came to Krang, don't come, don't do anything, you have the right to come for the candidate of your own party.
who.
“I have been playing since 1986 and continued until 1995-96,” said Sunn.
The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) has decided to postpone the Under-15 Boys Inter Cluster Cricket Tournament 2024 to the 18th of this month due to heavy rain.
These foreigners were arrested in Umsning area and the arrest by the members of the union was after receiving information that some foreigners had tried to enter the Umsning area. When the members of these organizations arrived at Umsning, they arrested the foreigners, who came in a Tata Mobile number AS-11-EC-0 It is also a vehicle marked 'ON PWD Duty'
All the forty virgins are good, all Christians are good, but there are other Christians who will be denied entry to heaven because they do not receive the Holy Spirit.
This area falls under the Rambrai-Jyrngam Constituency.
“The Government should bring to light all the people involved in this case and punish them accordingly,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The CEO of Ford India Private Limited, V Kaushik Prasad, today inaugurated the Ford Nikton Ford dealership at Mawiong Rim owned by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar. you have a place to build a shading.
The final match between the two teams will be played on Saturday.
Commercial vehicles should no longer move, they should increase the fare.
I promised to bring them out of Egypt where they were oppressed,to that....
Marak today left Shillong for Garo Hills to visit the scene of bloodshed which has resulted in deaths.
They are Julias Lymba (27) and Tariang Lymba, 8 years old.
Nagaland beat Meghalaya 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, announced the release of ration for the month of June,
The Fijians belong to the land and the land shapes their lives.
The department now has a plan to implement the scheme promised by the BJP government and that is “Nal se Jal” or water from the well for every household. , which will be implemented over the next five years.
We live in a democratic state and the political system is governed by the Constitution of the country.
Meanwhile, Sikkim finished third in Group 2 after beating Arunachal Pradesh 5-3
Regarding the ADHAR issuance in April 2017, there was an Adhar issuance in schools in the village, but the village elders have announced publicly that those who wish to to print the Adhar, there is no restriction or compulsion on anyone but it will be up to their free will.
Bah Donbok also expressed his dissatisfaction with the inability of the four MLAs to put forward a proposal to release the money from the MLA scheme to the beneficiaries.
Both the teams tried their best to score but nothing could be done and this continued for a long time until the 85th minute when Melawantei Kharmuti scored the first goal. With this victory, Iatyllilang SC has qualified for the final of the SSA 4th Division Football League 2023 and will play against Kharang SC on the 4th of November.
The player, who grew up at the Shillong Lajong Academy, was promoted from the club to make his first I-League debut against Churchill Brothers in March
He also praised the courage and willingness of the JSU members, students of Kiang Nangbah and Thomas Jones Synod College to come forward for the donation of blood. He also encouraged all the people under the age of 60 to come forward to donate blood.
The distribution of ration allocated to AAYs is 35 kilos per card free of charge in urban and rural areas.
The land produces many kinds of fruits, vegetables, and fruits.
He said that the citizens should go and complete the biometric process on the days and times stipulated in their places.
Speaking briefly at the prayer service to mark the 50th Anniversary of the Church of Jesus Christ on Saturday at Malki Square.
Apborlang Nongrum said that after talking to the DMHO of Ri-Bhoi, the DMHO has explained to them that the handover of the Sub-Centers to the Foundation will benefit the people in terms of and unemployment and others, but what is surprising is why the government did not give notice before doing this.
The dream and imagination of man through hundreds and thousands of years ago to reach the moon, came true on the 21st of November this year.
In Ranikor Constituency 35, which has 77 polling stations, the turnout was 89.12% for nine (9) candidates.
The news spread quickly to other VPP leaders who were not present at the scene and many came running when they heard the good news.
Nangkiew Irat are currently in sixth position with two points.
Women were allowed to ask for divorce.
Tens of thousands of parents around the world ensure that their children are healthy and free from many diseases by giving them the right medicine.
The teacher said that in the meantime she had died and the child also confessed that when she was unconscious, he raped her and tried to kill her but he could never do that.
“There were cases in the 1990s when ivory traders were arrested in the state who tried to smuggle up to 12 kilos of ivory at a price of tens of lakhs,” he said.
Those who have tested positive for the virus so far are Masoumeh Ebtekar and Deputy Health Minister Iraj Harirchi.
About 20 villages in the Nongpoh Census Town will receive water supply. Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar, Minister of PHE, on 4th July laid the foundation stone for the construction of a water supply system. The Greater Nongpoh Water Supply Scheme, which will be constructed at a cost of T.103 crore, will be implemented in these villages.
The events for the Under-23 girls are 100m, 20m, 400m, 800m, 1, 500m, 5,000m, 3,000m, 10,000m, 3,000m, 10,000m, Mix 10m, Jump 10m and High Jump
Robertjune Kharjahrin (Advocate and Social Activist), DrLS Gassah (Retired Professor), Bah KP Pangniang (President HSPDP Central Body) and others came to explain the topic.
Hamlet was also welcomed by NPP Meghalaya President Dr WR Kharlukhi, Dr Sniawbhalang Dhar, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Dr Don War and many other leaders.
It also affects the soil and more terribly, these Dkhars or mynder will become high paid while the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo will become low paid as they are almost immediately.
Bah Dkhar said that there will be no distribution of tupia on that day at Khyndai Lad.
Speakers on the occasion, including Bah Mayraldborn Syiem and others, praised the RBYF for taking this necessary step and which has been an encouragement to those who have been involved in the RBYF. young.
The incident occurred while the Special Force-10 Commando together with the North Garo Hills Police went to search for the militants after receiving information from the villagers that about five militants were trying to kidnap the villager. the wine merchants to demand money.
However, the KHADC Bill 2018 will no longer accept that a Khasi woman married to a Dkhar, Khyllahjait, Mynder, Poi-ei (non-Khasi) is no longer a Khasi and her children are no longer Khasi. Khasi.
Replying to a question on the issue raised by the Mawhati MLA in the House yesterday, Conrad said that the allegation that Meghalaya has been suspended is not true because many things have been done by the Mawhati MLA. Assam, has been replaced by Meghalaya.
Therefore, it is up to the Committee,” said Bah Paul.
There were 4 deaths.
Shillong: Two months ago, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid, said that the government has supported 1155 youths under the YESS programme. Sing Syiem visited Iewmaw Long area to search for licenses of foreigners and found many who were trading without license from the Council.
After receiving a tip, the police rushed to the scene to take the body and after completing all the necessary arrangements, the body was taken to the morgue of Khliehriat. Civil hospital.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The purpose is that these trees, when they have grown up, will be able to absorb more water in the areas where they are planted, and from these areas will be able to absorb more and more fresh water. to drink and to drink, and also to be able to turn into streams and rivers.
However, now that this tyngshop has explained this, perhaps everyone will understand.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Manipur by nine wickets in the fourth edition of the Ranji Trophy in Kolkata today.
As we say once again – Let us be the change we want to see.
For those in Sohra, the MSOA will send them to Sohra.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah also honored the oldest Secretary of the Dorbar, Bah J.Kerrsingh Tariang and launched the memorial book of the Khasi National Dorbar entitled – Khasi National Dorbar, Its Activities and Thought'
The winners of this competition will qualify for the WAKO India Cadets Junior & Senior Categories 2018 to be held in Kolkata from 2nd to 5th July
Sriharikota (Andhra Pradesh): India today launched the Chandrayaan-2, a GSLV-MkIII-M1 rocket, for exploration. man on the moon, where a specially designed vehicle will travel and explore the information on the moon.
This is good news for the people of Khasi Jaintia and especially for the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which has been able to force the new committee on the reservation roster and reservation policy of the state to set up an expert committee on the reservation roster and reservation policy. Reservation Policy on Tuesdays.
At the meeting, it was also decided that the leaders of various churches should take special measures – to work together to eradicate the illegal cultivation of 'tiew' poppy in the rural areas of the state.
Death is the temporary separation of man from the body and soul when the soul no longer dwells in that body.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sniawbhalang Dhar, on 18th June inspected the Shillong District Jail and the building under construction of Meghalaya Transport. Corporation (MTC) at Jail Road near Khyndailad, Shillong.
Lok Janshakti Party (Ram Vilas) leader Chirag Paswan has said that his party has joined the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) after taking a decision with the BJP on the issue of The ruling party has announced that it will win all 40 constituencies in Bihar in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
At the time of the incident there was a mother and two children.
Lumparing scored the first goal before the end of the first half through Chibasal Sangma.
Because it was said that the Israeli troops had arrived and even blocked the gate of the hospital and they could not even walk anywhere.
The tournament will continue on the 20th between Mynthong and Niaw Wasa United at 1:30 pm.
RG Lyngdoh said he is still in the Congress party and will discuss the election later.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem thanked the office of the District Social Welfare Officer, Ri Bhoi District and other government departments for their involvement in organizing this celebration. to fight against drugs and the aim is to educate the public on the dangers and impact of drugs which has destroyed many youth in the society.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that in the states which have two engines, the work is also fast.
We have seized 50 trucks and many of them have escaped and we have lodged a complaint against only 18 trucks at Mawryngkneng Police Station,” said HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar. media outlets on Tuesday.
Shillong, Lber 07: “I have done nothing wrong, I have handed over to the police to investigate and the law will take the necessary action,” said the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Horju Donkupar Roy Lyngdoh. Replying to a question in the House today, on the issue of violence against children and women in the state.
On the other hand, in such Public Hearings, both sides should be allowed to participate or to allow both supporters and opponents.
Wanbor said there are about 55,000 to 60,000 Khasi in Cachar district, 30,000 to 40,000 Khasi in Hailakandi district and more than 40,000 Khasi in Karimganj district.
The Lyngdoh explained that the Niam Raid Niam Shnong is the right of the children of the thousand to inform once a year to the Raid to bless them in the planting, agriculture and farming. shait you know, to escape the truh of the tram.
Sail is also surprised that his owner, KP Gosavi, has disappeared in recent days and now he is worried that he too may be killed by Wankhede.
Adding to his speech, he said that as the youth of the region, they should follow the example of these two youths who have bravely taken the initiative to become the defenders of India through the entry into the country. into the military through encouragement from parents and relatives.
Bah Syiem, who joined the NPP, has done a great job, winning the MDC election from Mawkhar in his first contest from the urban constituency.
The General Secretary of the Khasi-Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA) today announced that the KJBWA has decided to ban the slaughter of cows from the 18th of this month. month until 3rd June, 2016 which is more than two months.
Knowledge is not late and those who want to acquire knowledge can keep trying while their brains are still smart, even if age has passed and this is the Lalringthara, who is now 78 years old, was arrested.
The meeting was called by the Sengbhalang yesterday at the Patharkhmah Dorbar Hall to discuss with the people the reopening of the markets, after the government has tightened the curfew on the market. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected all the states and the country until the state and all markets have had to be closed.
There are many families who become rich by dishonesty and what they suffer is that they do not sleep.
Police have arrested L.Wanglet after receiving a complaint from the CSWO that he had insulted a security guard at the stadium.
However, when there are issues related to the Reservation Policy, the Khasi-Pnar community has informed the MDA 2 Government and demanded the recruitment quota according to the number of employees. If the Garo people don't agree to affect this issue, it is better that they too should inform the government of their demands so that the government can look into it and decide whether it will be appropriate.
Speaking to reporters, Bobby Kharshandi, an Independent candidate, said, “We have not received the ticket from the HSPDP, but I have a responsibility for the the people of Nongstoiñ.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 6th June 2013, has directed the district authorities to immediately provide relief to those families affected by the natural disasters in the past few days. three districts of the state.
Nongpoh, July 07: About 10 public shops in a market in Baridua village have been destroyed in a tragic fire in Ri Bhoi district. step at 4 o'clock in the morning.
He said that while the Hima Mylliem has not yet completed the call for applications, the party wants to see the applications of the Circle Rangbah Shnongs who have applied in Raid Marwet.
However, the groups or organizations in our country are only in the meeting of a few, there are no laws and regulations to regulate the working of these groups.
Scientists say that the asteroid contains precious gold, nickel and nickel, estimated to be worth about $10,000 quadrillion. to mine the gold, so that they can distribute the gold and make everyone in the world a millionaire.
The day was enriched with traditional programs prepared by the residents.
It is a short story in six verses and is one of the stories that follows the others found in the book of Genesis from the creation of the earth to the story of the flood in Noah's day (Genesis 1-10).
The cake cutting is a festival that celebrates the culinary tradition of kicking off the holiday reception, whether it’s in March or early November.
Twenty-eight candidates have registered their nomination papers including Julias Dorphang from Mawhati, HDR Lyngdoh, Congress candidate from Sohiong, Prestone Tynsong, U All the candidates of the NPP will contest from Pynursla, Mawkynrew, Mawryngkneng and Nongkrem.
“Education is very important, but we also need to know the laws and regulations.
Meghalaya Electricity Minister Abu Taher Mondal has inspected the Purulia Pumped Storage Project (PPSP) in West Bengal.
The awards were presented on Tuesday at a short ceremony at East Side Inn, Ladrymbai Bypass, Jalyiah.
Speaking at the meeting were Stenis Pyngrope, Chairman, Rangbah Shnong Union, Hima Khyrim, Seibor Warbah, General Secretary, Mawkynrew Constituency, Ban Pyngrope, Vice President, Shilliang R. Umkhen. Shillong, June 07: The CSWO has expressed its surprise at the appointment of the Director of Nongkrem. Donald Langstieh, against the allegation of an Orderly Peon just because she refused to stay in her quarter.
Then the children of the village or Raij of the Muluk grew up, the population increased from time to time and with the wisdom of our ancestors, they established the Seiñraij which is the Seng to look after, to raise, gather and rule the children of Niamtre from those times until now and also to promote the religion and customs.
last year the first month of july was released but now it has been forgotten.
Furthermore, police sources said that the family members of the deceased have complained that there is a problem in their household because of the demand for dowry and because of the birth of a daughter.
“We cannot accept this decision of the MBoSE to destroy the Khasi language.
Shillong: The residents of Shella village in Shillong on Saturday held a meeting to discuss how to restore peace and order in the village of Shella which is in turmoil.
The patient was admitted to NEIGRIMs for treatment by a team of doctors from the Department of Tuberculosis and Respiratory Diseases, led by Dr Vijay N Nongpyiur, Assistant Professor, Dr Jonh Muchahary and and Dr Gideon Thanksgiving.
Father Stan died only in the flesh, but his works live on, inspire and encourage tens of thousands of others who are still alive and fighting.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has imposed a curfew from 6 pm on 6th June 2020 and will remain in force until 6 pm on 10th June
The Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC) on 8th June 2020 has decided to abolish the subject 'Alternative English' and replace it with Bangla, Bodo, Nepali, Hmar and Manipuri. , Garo, Khasi, Mizo, Urdu and Hindi for 11th and 12th grade students.
“There is a need for a valuable change for the country as a whole,” Rao told reporters.
Then Myllung Soso Tham says that nature is like a library and this is not only Myllung Soso Tham.
They also met with the Secretary of the North Eastern Council, A. Luikham.
“We expect to submit the report to the Special Committee at any time soon.
Although the electronic media has met the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to speak on the decision of the Cabinet, he has refused to speak by saying, “Ask u prime minister".
On the other hand, the SP of South Garo Hills, Abraham T Sangma, said that police have been sent to the scene to ensure that no incident occurs.
Last year we distributed food items even to Garo Hills and some of the border areas of Assam near Garo Hills.
He said that those independent MLAs who are in the MUA-II government do not want to leave the government now to join the BJP because they are still waiting for schemes to be distributed to the people. , they will lose out on schemes from the government.
On the other hand, the Minister of Sports said that Meghalaya is now on the verge of holding other major sports tournaments in the future.
Referring to the issue, the Chief Minister said that they have to look at from all sides, they have to look at the order of the court and other issues. Once you have consulted with all those involved, you will be able to take the best decision.
These measures ensure that these social welfare programs reach all the people of the country, even in the remotest parts of the country.
There are such people, but even those who succeed don't lose ho," said the mother with a white laugh. "Hu ... hu... hu" laughed the father and squeezed his main tmoh.
North Garo Hills SP MG Raghavendra Kumar said the militants surrendered after a heavy insurgency and after discussions with the Peace Forum as well as with the peace forum. religious leaders who have been able to persuade these insurgents to return to the path of peace and no more bloodshed.
On the other hand, Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit asked whether the company has been hired or not. Under the jurisdiction of the PWD, he said that the Department of Road Transport and Highways of the Government of India has done what is necessary.
The training was divided into four parts and 140 new members from all over Jaintia Hills participated.
Shillong: The Health Department under the leadership of Dr S.Kharkongor, Trainer Incharge, in collaboration with the DTO office, has started a training program for tourist drivers. today at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The District Council Affairs Department of the State Government has recently returned the Village Administration Bill which the KHADC has sent to the Government for approval before the Governor approves it. The DCA has now returned another Bill which the KHADC has passed, and it has been returned because it is against the Constitution of the Jyrngam Hima.
The injured policeman was taken to a hospital in the city where he is now said to be recovering.
And it didn't mean that Jesus couldn't eat from the fig tree to kill him.
Ronnie said that the Director of Arts and Culture, Kong Matsiewdor Nongbri, has come to talk to him about this issue. I don't have a sports department either.
position, Balarishisha Rani, 2nd position, Shirley Mary Kharbuli 3rd position, Toiaibha Mylliempdah.
Two months ago, the Deputy Commissioner of the district, Chinmoy Gotmare was transferred as the Director of Higher and Technical Education in Shillong.
Public sector banks have played an important role in achieving this milestone through the support of the first scheme for small loans to the poor in the areas. around.
The MPF today sent a letter to the Lamphang to convene a special session on the influx of mynder and peace and order in Garo Hills.
The Chairperson of the SCPCR said this after many photos and videos have been spread on social media in many incidents in the past few days.
I'm sorry I didn't have you.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)'s proposal to make India one nation and one election has sparked a heated debate over these plots. party.
According to the information received, the girl escaped from the tyrsim of the robber after she fought and struggled and the incident was also witnessed by a friend who worked with the same robber. Petrol Pump.
The cultivation means from the time of sowing, sowing, planting, cleaning, care to harvesting.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EKH: 37, RBD: 1, SWKH: 2, WGH: 1, WJH: 2 and WKH:
In this regard, the Ministry of AYUSH has set special dates for the Central Government Departments to participate in the celebration of the International Day of Yoga by conducting yoga programs based on the Commons. Yoga Protocol (CYP) and also to conduct various programmes.
US memory chip maker Micron Technology Inc. on Friday said it will invest up to $825 million in a new chip manufacturing and testing facility in Gujarat. India’s first chips.
The villages and towns where the Khasi live are clean and tidy.
These rulers of the kingdom in the hill country welcomed him and adopted him.
U Sngi Duli used to go fishing in this Bir and used to catch big fish and other fish.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun and Bah Victor Ranee, who expressed their satisfaction to see the initiative taken by the Umlangpur Y&CC Leaders for the purpose of holding the The tournament, which is also part of the development of talented youngsters in football.
This river gives a beautiful view of the Nongjri and Sohbar hills.
Shillong: “There are many households in Shillong who don't paint their houses,” said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. “If the residents of Shillong, Jowai, Nongstoin, paint their houses, paint their walls, the city of Shillong will be brighter,” he said. Conrad expressed the importance of the word “I” for us to do our part.
The welcome ceremony was held at the Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Church near the Community Hall, Mawkyrwat in the presence of leading members of the UDP party. United Democratic Party (UDP) of the Central Body.
We are grateful to the government for their efforts in these ways to help our people, but they cannot feed the people unless the people also find a way to feed themselves.
They said that as of now, one of the criticisms of Dasakhiatbha Lamare and many people have said that he has not done anything, is because until now he has not been able to complete the road. The most needed road in Mawhati is the road from Umsning-Sonidan to Umsiang, which is about 80KM long and which is also the most popular road for the people of the constituency.
The village wishes the MLA a healthy body and to be able to carry out the needs of various villages in the constituency. 8 new cases of COVID-1 -19, 13 cases have been recovered on Sunday.
“This has caused the Rangbah Shnongs to be confused about this order of the Syiem.
At the Synod 2019 held at Lumshnong, we had the opportunity to listen to the stories of the villagers about the suffering caused by the Cement Factories.
They beat and tied them and released them that night.
In the meeting with the Commissioner, the BYJM demanded that the government should resolve all these issues.
It may be recalled that a few days ago, various government departments including the Magistrate from the office of the Deputy Commissioner visited St. Peter's Higher Secondary School to see whether it is still safe for the students. the school will continue in the same location.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Rangbah Raymond Kharjana who also took part in the swearing in ceremony of the First Leaders of the Circle by briefly reviewing the history of the Seng since its inception until now. He said that the ability of the KSU to provide services to the people of Hynniewtrep is due to the determination and strong foundation of the existing and past leaders.
The total number of those still undergoing treatment is 2,71,282 and the death toll is 1,59,3
: Shillong Lajong have lost almost all their matches in the I-League this year.
The 234 arrests in 2022 exceeded what police have arrested in 50 years in terms of drug dealers and users.
On this occasion, there was also an expression of gratitude to God and to those above and all those who have contributed to the construction of the church and school with songs and celebrations and also gifts by the people. believers of Kriangrin and the parish as a whole.
In the second half, Malki players struggled to score the two goals but failed to score.
The Meghalaya Wushu Association (MWA) has won seven medals at the 19th Meghalaya State Level Wushu Championship 2022 organized by the Meghalaya Wushu Association (MWA).
“Furthermore, he said that they have met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh to get clarification on their role as Rangbah Shnong especially when Laitumkhrah is a large village with many people. Foreign states are not allowed, and there are many shops owned by foreign states.
He also thanked all those who have supported him in all aspects especially the car buyers who have come to buy cars from this new car dealership which has a variety of cars including cars which can be used by officials as well as civilians.
He said that Narpuh is lagging behind in all aspects and this area contributes the most revenue to the government.
" La u Bahnah “Then sit down with me, for I still need a little.
Shillong, Lber, 05: The North Eastern Hill University, Shillong has welcomed the Yuva Sangam delegation from Uttar Pradesh for their three-day visit to Meghalaya.
“James Sangma and Prestone Tynsong should express why they are grateful to the people of Meghalaya and to improve the quality of life of the State by installing Smart Meters from China without receiving the security approval which is in violation of the rules introduced by the Government of India regarding the use of goods made in China.
Police have arrested Shokhothang for possession of 278.3 grams of heroin in 26 boxes of soap.
They said that the Secretary of Raid Ryngi, Hima Khyrim, has been working with the village officials in the area.
This is to inform you that Bah Titos Manner, husband of Kong Thiangmon Pohthmi, resident of Ratacherra, East Jaintia Hills District, has passed away. on 01/11/2022.
However, this is not the case, this writing of mine is only to warn or warn our flesh and blood to be those who know how to take care of or beware of other nations whom we see while The days are getting worse and worse in this beloved country.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29: Although the Congress party from Ribhoi District has only two MLAs, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA from Umsning and Bah Charles Marngar, MLA from Mawhati, the party is strong for the party. Vincent H. Pala has been elected as the MP from Shillong.
The Safety and Security of Migrant Workers Bill 2020 has been passed amidst opposition from the Congress.
This is an example that the Congress government has tried to ignore the provisions of the Constitution,” said the UDP. The foundation of the Constitution of the country,” said Bah Dkhar.
All these athletes expressed their happiness to have been selected to travel to the UAE and to participate in other sports programs that will last for 40 days.
Skill Development Officer, Lambormi Suchen, said that this is a program which the Government through the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills has provided special assistance for the purpose of encouraging the youth to go to the rural areas. tourism is the largest employment factory in the district.
“Of course, education plays an important role in this development of children, but if we make mistakes in these others, then we cannot understand the multi-level nature and we cannot bring in children who have “Responsible, God-fearing, hardworking, intelligent, who can benefit the state as a whole,” said Conrad.
The program was also attended by the parents of the patients.
Bhumi, who starred in Dum Laga Ke Haisha, also wants to make many people aware that it is very important to plant trees because trees are very important to bring clean air to breathe and as well as helping to improve the environment.
None of the injured has identified the names of the injured.
This girl is Synran Khonglah, the sister of (L) Katdilia Khonglah who passed away on Sunday.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Conrad K Sangma, the newly elected MP from Tura, today met with reporters at the NPP office in Lachumiere. “It's hard to say but I just want to meet you as a sign of my first visit to Shillong as an MP of the Lok Sabha, I want to congratulate you too,” he said.
It is understood that these are the workers from Assam.
““It has been about 10 years since this policy was developed and we have received feedback from experts involved in this issue, and from doctors from the state and abroad.
He said that there are facts even in the society that if there are any problems, if men go to stand, the problems will be even greater.
This year, the government plans to train up to 20,000 youth across the state.
Youths from Mawsynram, members of the SDRF and residents of Wapung village came to search for the driver to rescue him from the cover of the vehicle. The truck carrying cement was found on the 15th of this month.
It is said that their eyes were opened and their hearts were touched.
In fact, Mawkhar FC had a strong start from the start but couldn't score from the start despite having many chances especially from the 5th minute of the first half.
The MDA government has done on its own to compensate for the old posts which could not be filled by Garo, and this is unacceptable.
The cause of the accident was when the NHAI was repairing the 4-lane road at Dulongnar near Umdihar. The driver of the truck was on his way to Shillong when he collided with the Scorpio.
Khasi tyngshop Amunick Shadap, Florentina Sunn and Eric Longley Dkhar have taken part in the song.
God is so full of great love that if we remain in evil for a long time but only for a moment when we turn to Him, He forgets and forgives.
According to police, these two men have been involved in a gang of robbers and robbers for some time now and the investigation into these two men is ongoing.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: U Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, in charge of the market, has expressed his strong opposition to the decision of the Syiem of Mylliem to slaughter the cows. There are those in Khanapara who should not be sold to the farmers.
The advisers suggested that Bashti be removed from the throne and that the king should take another queen.
The Officer Incharge of Pynursla Police Station, said that 25 vehicles have been fined T2000/- each today.
Speaking to media, Bah Anthony Umiong Sport Secretary of the FKJGP, said that the FKJGP has been shocked by the reply of the Minister of State for Sports. He said that it is far from West Khasi Hills to talk about artificial turf.
In South West Garo Hills, there is one high risk contact, in East Garo Hills there is only one high risk contact and in East Jaintia Hills there is one high risk contact.
Akash Kumar Choudhury, who missed the first two matches of the season, will return from injury to take 23 wickets in three matches, which has promoted him to the top of the table. among the top players in the country.
Shillong, July 11 : The UDP Mawlai Circle has expressed its concern over the spread of African Swine Fever and also the detection of formalin in cows. the fish are not shipped outside the state.
These increases in tourism in the State show that foreigners have spent hundreds of thousands of rupees.
“In the elections here, the people do not elect the party but they elect the person who can work,” said Bah David.
The Christians at that time sang the song, "Two thousand years are at hand, God will count, from east to west we shall come together, to the altar of the Lord.
Jaiswal also wanted the government to take strong action to eradicate corruption and urged those who are corrupt to think carefully about their actions for the development of the state.
He said that the total number of members so far is 32 in Khasi-Jaintia.
The Rupang Relief Scheme is pleased to announce that it has received donations from many people who are willing to help the poorest and the total proceeds have reached for T.43,100.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation to arrest all those involved in the riots.
Thousands of Catholics who attended the special day of the Church.
Therefore, the MCGO urges the government to take action to conduct awareness programs to raise awareness among the people on the value of the environment and to avoid deforestation.
Parents are also afraid to send their children to school for fear of being caught by these ownerless dogs.
Covishield can cause blood clots and low platelet count.
Dr War said the man is currently under quarantine since returning from New Delhi.
They started the march from Bawri Mansion in Dhanketi, continued to Barik, Khyndailad and ended at SBI Main Branch near the court.
She urged the public to listen to the symptoms and not to ignore the symptoms and report immediately to 14410, or the war room number of the Zone or Block where you live, or Go to the nearest hospital/CHC/PHC.
“Some of the people who have tried to gather to go back to the forest to take up arms again like in Garo Hills have received such reports that some people have tried to revive the insurgency,” he said. he said.
Delhi, November 15: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today delivered a speech at the Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas, 2023 in Khunti, Jharkhand.
Peter's second letter is not long and consists of only three chapters and was not initially included in the Bible. included in the Bible.
To file a complaint and take action against the collapse of the State Legislative Assembly and to initiate an investigation immediately.
When asked, Conrad said the price increase will depend on the type of kyaid and the price will increase between 3-4% to 8-9%. in this decision.
However, the BJP-led Assam government has implemented the Assam Cattle Preservation (Amendment) Act 2021 and since the implementation of this Act, the smuggling of cattle to Meghalaya and other states has been banned. state of this region.
“The government should take the approval of the government, the elders and the Hima before it does anything.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawan Laloo has imposed a curfew from 5:00 AM on 17th June to 5:00 AM on 24th June to curb the spread of COVID-1
Speaking to reporters, the GSU leaders said that if the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act is not implemented in Garo Hills, who will take responsibility? .
These four villages include Rngi, Syllai Ulor, Kyndong-Nongkyntir and Mawiong.
“When we visit the homes of the low income residents, some of the families don't even have shelter, this is the problem of the residents. They are from Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sonapyrdi Unit and the residents of Shillong have expressed their concern over the lack of Jio and Vodafone networks.
This means that the roads have been brought.
He urged the government to preserve the environment by completely eliminating the deforestation as the temperature has risen sharply.
Shillong: The ASHAs of Amlarem Block have elected their office bearers for the term 2021-2024 on 6th November 2021 at Syiem Jingsuk Parish Hall.
It is also seen that these shops are owned by those Khar jiwjiw jawjaw who want to stand on the streets and do not work to sell in the market places because they cannot pay Tharai tax.
Jowai: Trucks of cattle have been smuggled into Bangladesh through East and West Jaintia Hills, especially through Kuliang, Umkiang and Muktapur.
They said that although the start of the construction was during the rainy season and the road was well paved, they requested the passengers to wait for a while until the completion of the road.
Another question is – By what power did Jesus rise from the dead? The resurrection of Jesus is as follows: (1) By the miraculous power of the Father.
Earlier, the opposition had accused the government of not responding to the protest groups in the state to demand the ILP. Shillong, Naiwieng 22: More than 25 members of the GNLA under the leadership of Area Commander Rakkam D. Shira, have escaped from the country. The arrest of CoBRA and SWAT commandos who raided their training camp today at Dangsa-Awe village, about 20-25 km from Nangalbibra, South Garo Hills district.
He said that the department in charge of education and PM POSHAN in the state has said that it pays honorarium to the PM POSHAN (MDM) every month but the teachers of school children are still receiving until March '22 for the remaining months of July 21 – October 21 and November 21 – February 22 – March April'22 and many of them have not yet received their honorarium for the past three months.
Zone-4 will fall on Narwan, Kyrweng, Moolum and Zone-5 will fall on San Shnong.
In this training, the resource persons gave a detailed explanation on the topic '& Responsibility of IRS' and how to conduct the mock drill. Other speakers were Bah Garod LSN Dykes who gave a welcome speech and urged the officers to take part in this training. so that the Mock Drill will be successful and beneficial in the event of any natural disaster.
The plight of the poor was discussed through the speeches of the dignitaries, including the Head of ICSSR, Prof B Panda, and Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari, u head of the Santikhetan Kala Bhavan Practoni.
Jackson Sohtun said that the neglect of Ribhoi area is not only in the past few days, but it has been suffering for more than 10 years. two or three hours a day, which affects the people of Ribhoi.
Besides criticizing the BJP government, especially Narendra Modi and Amit Shah, the RBYF has strongly criticized the state government, especially Conrad K. Sangma and his sister Agatha Sangma, MP from Tura Seat, for its support to the BJP government, for the passage of the CAB. At the end of the rally, the RBYF burnt down the houses of Narendra Modi, Conrad K. Sangma and Agatha Sangma.
Shillong, Lber 23 : The Garo Hills civil society organizations especially the ADE have expressed their strong opposition to the handover of many villages by Meghalaya to Assam in the preparation for the demarcation.
There were also several winners from Nongpoh GnP MMA Gym.
Nongmynsong opened the scoring through Tisharbor Rani in the 20th minute and Midal Amsong in the 45th minute.
The question is where is the money that has been spent for the people for 10 crores of years? The question is that the money of the Government is the money of the government. money is free property, that stealing it is no sin).
“Every time you have to open PHCs or CHCs which have already been built but when you face this problem that there is no sanction post.
She explained on what mental health is and on the importance of mental health.
The Women's Cricket League 2022-23 started on Friday at the Polo Ground with SCA (A) and WKHDA winning.
According to reports, across the state, the majority of the players were on the Argentine side, and in some places there was also a huge amount of money involved in the match. final.
Last year, the KSU had celebrated the day in Mawlai, but this time it has been announced that the rally will be held in Motphran.
his eyesight and hearing began to fail.
When she reached the place where the friend of the victim was supposed to get off, she got off, while the victim had to wait for a while to get to her house.
On the day of completion of the construction of the dam, no vehicles will be allowed to pass through the dam.
This year's festival is a celebration of culture, talent and music, and this year's festival will also feature pop singers as well as various DJs.
There are several varieties of Mandarin, but these are not as different as the varieties of this sweet soybean.
Of Post Office, Meghalaya Division,Shillong.
The Lok Sabha on Friday passed the 119th Amendment Bill, which was signed between India and Bangladesh in 1974, the Land Boundary Agreement (LBA).
Therefore, this is the time of the Laodicean Church, the Church of the People, at such a time, God says, “Take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, the shield of faith" Ephesians 6:16-1
“I should have the opportunity to talk face to face with the Prime Minister about the threats to my people from the Citizenship Amendment Bill and the infiltration of foreigners. I'm sure I'll take a decision whether I'll continue to be in the NDA government or not.
Efty United XI Mynso beat Moodymmai Cricket Club by six wickets in the District Cricket League of the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) on Tuesday.
Our lives are not in harmony with the Word of God.
Therefore, it is requested that they should provide the list of Nodal Departments along with their phone numbers so that the information channels can run smoothly at all levels,” he said.
The President of KAS said that the Khasi community lacks IAS, engineers and other offices where the officials have been run by foreigners.
In this regard, this reporter also had the opportunity to talk to the Sordar of New Nongstoin, Bah S.Rashir, who said that the PWD department has already visited the road. The department at that time said that it was not because of the small size of the muri, because the water flowing from these streams came through from the top and also from the hill of the DC office.
Amen and Amen.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, will inaugurate the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 to be held in Tura, West Garo Hills on the 15th of this month.
According to reports obtained by the court, it was found that the 15-year-old had been in a relationship with the 17-year-old for about six months.
These vehicles were stolen in the evening by the robbers, who live in these border areas, the report said.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Thousands of food vendors have registered at the office of the Asst Commissioner of Food Safety, Shillong.
Bah Don won from Shella as an Independent and I won from Mawlai as a candidate of the HPU.
The Khasi people are very small, and if they follow the education of human beings, they will surely disappear even for 10 generations,” said the brother.
He said he would also talk about the resolution of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Suddenly a pastor came out and asked me this.
At the same time, the union expressed its surprise that the UGC has taken the time to investigate the incidents inside CMJ University.
He said that in other states, they celebrate their mother tongue every year and here too it is necessary to celebrate their mother tongue.
We firmly believe that this newspaper will not only clean up Umkaliar but will clean up the entire Wahumkhrah and Wah Umshyrpi including their branches, starting from their sources.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83527 out of which 81562 have recovered and 1449 have died.
They also demanded that Bah AL Hek should not be punished severely for his anti-party behavior by temporarily expelling him from the party until the BJP in Delhi issues other orders.
Commander Shangpliang, Director of the film, said that the film will be screened at Anjalee Gallery from April 2 and the public can watch it at Bijou or Gallery.
As soon as they saw the BSF troops, the two drivers of these two trucks fled into the forest and left the two trucks and the cows behind.
Shillong: A man from Rajasthan has drowned in the Umngot River today.
Two football players under the age of 16 have been selected in the 23-man squad to represent India at the SAFF U-16 Championship to be held in Thimphu, Bhutan from 1 to 10 November. this year.
However, it appears that the Minister did not take into account the request of the Nongstoiñ Leader.
In a statement sent by the Public Relations Officer of the BSF, it said that on Saturday, BSF troops on patrol in Sonapur witnessed about 3-4 vehicles carrying sugarcane. from Ladrymbai to the border areas.
The victory of the 5th Meghalaya Games is a testimony to the development of sports and physical activities which has a bright future for the state.
Shillong, Jymmang, 20: The State Government has decided to increase the number of Police Outposts and Border Outposts especially along the border of the State by recruiting more than 3,000 Policemen.
they do their work righteously and have no demand for anything.
They also alleged that the food and drinking places in the area are dirty and they don't even get water to drink and if they go to buy outside they are asked questions but where do they get the money? They also alleged that the manager used to talk about household chores which have nothing to do with the job they are doing and that they are foreigners. count the bag.
In a letter signed by Monikha D Momin, President of the WTO, she said that the women in Garo Hills who earn their living from the trade are facing many problems in their trade due to the delay of the GHADC in providing Trading License for Longkmie.
“Khun, haven't you said anything yet?” asked the mother. “Yes, you mother,” he said. “I'm happy to have it now because it's cold,” said the mother. Peter said, “Tharai last week this month” Peter said suddenly. “Let it be like that,” said the mother. than.
Khliehriat, June 8: The Meghalaya People's Front (MPP) has demanded that the DTO of the district, Bah T Lamin, should bring in Motor Vehicle Inspectors (MVIs) to the office of the district. to facilitate the public in many needs.
He also said that some of the benefits we get from the presence of these trees is that it improves the bridges through the tree trunks.
The last meeting was held with religious organizations.
Similarly, fertilizer producers (including government, cooperative and private sectors) have developed other fertilizers based on phosphate (P) and potash (K).
The school increased in number of teachers when the advanced classes passed in successive years.
The teachers’ protest against the injustice of the government is a cornerstone to witness this issue.
After these things, Jesus will appear in heaven, coming in a cloud.
A poor state cannot afford to waste money by paying government officials and politicians to travel abroad.
“We have removed the trash mark from the country, we are going to destroy the building.
Speaking on the occasion, the Controller of Examinations of MBOSE, Bah FL Lyngkhoi, said that most of the schools do not take into account Class IX and just encourage students to take Class X. Therefore, to bring about order, the Board has decided to conduct the Class IX examination in which the questions will be set by the Board.
The Dealers' Association of Mawshynrut C&RD Block in the presence of the Wholesaler, Sordar and Secretary Shnong and leaders of the Sengbhalang on Saturday dt. .2020 in Riangdo to discuss the issues in the distribution of ration.
For the farmers and residents of West Khasi Hills, many farmers are farmers who do not have adequate farmland.
SYMPTOMS: INCREASE VISIT : Frequent visits to the body are the most obvious signs of infection.
Shillong: U Renikton L Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency on Tuesday said that if the national political parties can come and rule Meghalaya, there will be no gate to stop them. The political parties will not reach Delhi if they come to power.
The Investigating Officer has registered a case under Section 506 IPC and Section 5(n)/6 of the POCSO Act.
The motorcycle belonged to Austington Marbaniang.
“Other parties like the Congress and BJP bring schemes from Delhi to the state, while the NPP brings wealth from here to other states,” he said.
Speaking to media on Friday, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Smart City project which includes 17 projects has progressed well and in terms of Integrated Command and Control. Center (ICCC) should be completed by October
“The construction of the Marten landfill has been going on since 1938, it is now 86 years old and there is no space left,” he added.
The story of the mission and ministry of the Lord Jesus goes hand in hand with wonderful miracles.
One of the main reasons according to research has been found to be the lack of that humility and understanding first of all before God and the distance of a close relationship with the Creator.
“One of the senior party leaders and Union Minister, Amit Shah has visited Manipur.
In the meeting with these leaders, which was also attended by senior leaders of the HNYF, including Bah Sadon K.Blah, Bah Marcus Marten and others, they strongly condemned the state government's decision to create a Assam, to talk to Assam for the resolution of the border, because the lack of border has caused suffering to the Khasi living in those villages on the border. of Assam.
All stores will be closed on May 22 and 23, 2021 (Saturday & Sunday).
Jowai : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Laskein Block Circle today renewed its office bearers for the term 2024-2
Two recent passport size photographs (Self-attested).
The celebration of Rashtriya Poshan Maah 2021 will include four themes for 4 months - planting trees in the shape of Poshan Vatika in open spaces like schools, villages and offices and others in the first month .
We have opened up the perfect opportunity to attract investors in the region," he said.
The Commissioner of Garo Hills, Peter W Ingty, said in a meeting between Rijiju and Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, in the presence of PA Sangma, MP of Tura, that the damage was caused to the city. , has reached T.2,000 crore in Garo Hills and Khasi Hills as well.
Baskhem Thongni scored another goal for Wahkaji in the 80th minute.
Therefore, I have decided Rangbah to take on this heavy responsibility as the leader of the farmers in the state.
The farmers are also like Tirot Singh or Kiang Nangbah because they give their whole body and soul.
If we look at Meghalaya as it is now, even our descendants who are still growing up will suffer a lot because we are ruled by traders and contractors.
The meeting was attended by Government Ministers Roshan Warjri, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Rowel Lyngdoh, HDR Lyngdoh and Prof. RC Laloo.
He said that if there is any complaint regarding the names on the electoral roll, it should be lodged on 13th June 2020 and the registration of names should be done on 13th June the full version will be published on June 15, 2020.
The State Government has approved the establishment of the Meghalaya Education Recruitment Board which will be used to fill vacancies in the education department.
The Government should therefore ban the use of plastic not only in the market but also not allow companies producing goods and food to sell them with plastic.
Therefore, in connection with the preparation to spend all these by the two governments, the Prime Minister of the country will prepare to allocate A$2.5 billion for the purpose of education. improve and develop the major sports grounds in Brisbane; where the current proposal is to have sports grounds that can accommodate up to 17,000 people; while the Queensland state government will prepare a A$2.7 billion allocation for the reconstruction of the Gabba Cricket Ground.
The project will start with the renovation of the Government Office at Barik Point in November and will be followed by the construction of a new one in April.
When the new crop, the crop sop, increases in price.
Shillong, Nailar 7: Many people are being cheated by government employees and a job that should be done in one day takes months and months but from now on, the people should know that the number '1-800-3453644' will provide clarification when they encounter any contact regarding government matters.
When inquired, the Acting Syiem said that once the name of the shop has been changed, it will remain in the name of the Dkhar shirt until the owner changes the rules or if the Dkhar does not violate them. the rules and regulations of the shopkeeper.
Nongpoh, Naitung 19: After receiving a tip on the presence of gold smugglers in the state, the Ri-Bhoi District Police on Tuesday night conducted a search operation at Kyrdeng Police Checkpoint and seized A Volkswagen (AS 01 DT 7519) was seized.
There are 1,896 confirmed cases and 1,380 deaths.
In the order, the Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir and Justice SR Sen ruled that all elders, men and women, should participate in the election of village office bearers.
Bah Rudi said that the youth are struggling to find jobs because there is no job creation in this state like other states.
Therefore, the Muktiar questioned how the manual brought by the CEO regarding the installation of EVMs can be higher than the Rules.
“I expect the key from you the people of Weilyngkut area and Sohiong constituency as a whole”.
Speaking to reporters, the Principal of the school said that he and the school as a whole will try their best to improve the environment of the school especially when it comes to cleanliness.
“As you know, in 2004, hundreds of Pnars fled to Sahsniang under Laskeiñ C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills District for fear of their lives. Karbi rebels, who torture by demanding money and shooting dead Pnars for minor reasons,” said the Seng.
Shillong, June 21 : The Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills District led by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar will start its meeting on the 25th of this month.
“The reply we received in writing from RITES which is implementing this project says that the academic buildings, administrative buildings and also the workshops and hostels will be completed and handed over in October NIT,” said FKJGP President Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit while talking to media after an inspection and a brief meeting with the company officials.
Sometimes they say that when there are too many explainers to cook the food, the food doesn't taste good anymore.
In the Men's Bodybuilding 70 Kg category, Denzil Matthew Bang of Zoo Gym Shillong won the second prize, Pritam Sunar of Gold Gym Jowai won the second prize and Mintu Nath of Muscle Excess & Fitness Gym won the second prize.
He said that in the absence of a strong Lokayukta, those involved in corruption have escaped without punishment even though many of them have been informed by RTI. Shillong, November 24: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoLA) has passed a bill to ban the eating of alcohol by MLAs/MDCs in the state despite the opposition members' opposition that it should be implemented again until October 2019 to expire the current MDC term.
The Israeli government says it will release 50 Israelis, including women and children, who have been kidnapped by the militants, including 12 or 13 people. a day and this will require a four-day ceasefire and this is after pressure from various countries of the world, that Israel, should agree to the ceasefire and release these who was kidnapped.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the FKJGP, Ri Bhoi, today donated a large amount of Dew Bilat to the Sohkyrbam Domphlang Presbyterian Church, so that the church can use the Dewbilat for the construction of the church. to the Church.
To ensure the benefits of the indigenous people, the ST Morcha, as part of its implementation across the state, will visit all the villages including the villages in the remote areas to preach. and disseminate information on various development schemes implemented by the Central Government and to assist all indigenous people to access various assistance.
The two colleges to be upgraded to universities are North Lakhimpur College and Sibsagar College.
He also urged that if there is any violence, they should inform the police and also the One Stop Centers so that they can get protection to avoid anything bad.
On the issue of whether other notifications will be issued besides this Office Order, he said, “If that happens, it will also be a victory for the farmers”.
Jowai, Nailar 01: The 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
One of the birds is 2 centimeters long, the other is 10 centimeters long and only one of them is healthy and working.
Speaking to media, Sangma said this year is very important in terms of the implementation of PMAY. “It is to provide about 40,000-50,000 houses and in 2023-2024, we have set a target to provide up to 1.40 lakh houses,” he said.
If they understand that those young men from that family have seen that young man who came to sleep.
In East Khasi Hills, 25 cases, 7 cases in Ribhoi, 10 cases in South Garo Hills, 42 cases in West Garo Hills and other places.
As president of the party and as an individual, this is something we welcome.
However, one of the political parties from Karbi Anglong said that if the Khasi-Pnar villages decide to join Meghalaya, there could be trouble like in Manipur.
In the wedding ceremony or in the lympung shad, there are the sounds of the bomb, the nakra, the ksing, the tangmuri, the kynshaw.
The prolonged deployment of security personnel at the school deprived children of access to education and disrupted the conduct of classes.
When the BSF troops went to stop them, these people threw stones at the BSF. Later, when the search was conducted in the area, they found clothes. They cost about T.7,06,2
Rangthong Christian HSS beat Monfort Dilni Bolchugre School 4-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Therefore, most people collect these books and keep them in their homes and read them again at any time they want.
These are the money issued by the KHADC office from Nongpoh branch only. When we turned to Nongstoiñ, we found that on 16th November, 2015, the money was deposited in the account number 0087002226758 and the money was T .50 lakh tyngka in the name of former KHADC Secretary W.Syiemlieh. The Meghalaya Rural Bank Nongstoiñ has informed the Meghalaya Rural Bank Nongstoiñ. KHADC on 12th June,
The party has strongly condemned the EC of Ma Thombor Shiwat for alleging that the appointment of the foreigner from Kolkata is a political act of Ma Thombor.
“That's what we have to think about, you can't use cheap drugs and sell them at a low price,” said Bah Mitchell.
In another match, Ri-Bhoi DCA had to suspend after starting to play well against East Jaintia Hills DCA. They scored 107 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 35.1 overs.
Nongpoh, July 23: Unidentified robbers have tried to set fire to an IB of the PWD department at Umsiang on the border with Assam this morning. in time to put out the fire.
Because many times the speech in the head is stupid.
Similarly, there were no English-Medium Higher Secondary Schools to be implemented by the State Government for classes 11 and 12, and there was not a single school that could provide support in terms of English language learning out of 31 districts.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 13: Not only those living in urban areas, but with the passage of time, parents from all over the West Khasi Hills have become increasingly aware of the importance of education.
They were last seen at about 5 pm in Marbisu.
He also spoke about drugs, a bad alcoholic beverage and once addicted it is difficult to break the chain and many youths have become addicted to this alcohol.
It may be recalled that before 1996 when the law enforcement agencies issued the ban on logging, there were more than 300 saw mills in Mawshynrut alone.
Of course, not all children are like that because as human beings we have our own characteristics and interests, but it cannot be said that many of them are well aware of modern technology from TV, Mobile, Computer, Games of all kinds.
Even now we are facing many problems due to the overcrowding of the villagers until some households can no longer meet the needs of their children.
At the same time, Kharjahrin said that the Garo are only residents of Khasi areas, and they are also only guests. He urged the government to reject the proposal to set up camps in Khasi Hills. “There are many places in Garo Hills to set up camps in Garo Hills. Garo Hills' said.
JOWAI: A sudden fire broke out in Lakadong village in Iooksi area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District on Sunday.
In this regard, the Union will take measures to fight against this threat against the nation.
There have been 63 cases of cases under Section 377 of the POCSO Act.
The officer said that the BSF personnel who threatened him were one Rajendar Kumar and another whose name he did not remember.
“KHNAM supports the protest of the political parties to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state,” said the Working President of KHNAM. The entry of foreigners into the state, especially those who come illegally.
After the KSU members started distributing stickers and waving flags around Shillong, police raided the stickers in Khyndai Lad, Laban and Laitumkhrah.
The collection was also slow, tortuous and many were lost halfway because of the injustice of the collectors.
The suspension started with the suspension of Forest Chowkidar Cum Peon Franklin Khymdeit on 2nd November, 2016 and later three other officers, Chief Forest Officer, M Lyngdoh. Deputy Chief Forest Officer and Bah Baniwell Lyngdoh Under Secretary to the Executive.
After winning the semifinal, Mawlai SC will face Randajied FC in the final on Saturday.
Nongstoiñ: Tyllilang A has won the title of the Umlongpung Sport Club Association Football Tournament at the Umlongpung Stadium in Rambrai.
He said this after a group of organizations known as Saindur Tipkur Tipkha Ehrngiew Hynniewtrep (STIEH) sent a memorandum to the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh protesting against the The decision to hold the Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday.
Referring to the VPP, the General Secretary of the UDP said that the party itself has nothing to say, but they are proud if there are such people who will do good for the state as a whole. other.
“I have good hope for East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills that in 2023 who knows if the NPP party will be able to restore history, as it has been. At that time, the UDP won 7 out of 7 seats and perhaps the NPP will also win this time”.
Prem Lama of Cricket Lovers was named Player of the Match who took two wickets.
“After 45 years of independence, we don't know how to take care of our own people but now we have started to take care of our own people,” he said. the state that is on the border.
The milk protects you from the scent of food.
During the awareness session on the dangers and consequences of drugs and other alcoholic beverages, a detailed explanation was given by Dr. Ka Kynshi PHC, who explained how to drink drugs. drugs affect the minds of people.
Mookyndur has received 45 tonnes of challan.
However, knowing that her mother did not go to the market anymore, she watched to see if Panah would leave the house to work.
“The Congress is a party that is now in ICU and I don't know what will happen to it.
The IBA has also been suspended without any reason from the Los Angeles Olympics
“I will come unto thee for judgment: I will be a swift witness against them that deal treacherously, and against them that swear falsely; against them that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow and the fatherless, that turn away the stranger from his right, and that fear me not, saith the LORD of hosts.
Other books published by this author are G.K (general information).
Mizoram, which beat Meghalaya, managed to tie for only 139 runs.
Speaking to media after a meeting of farmers at the State Convention Centre, the Chief Minister said the state government is in talks with the central government on this issue and also with the people.
Lensbirth Marak scored 12 runs, Shubham Rasaily 17 runs and Angkit 16 runs.
Alleging that the former Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma did not do anything, Prestone said, “When we look back to 2014 when the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banned the From 2014-2017, the people have suffered in these four years because the former MUA government did not do anything but just sat on the bench and talked nonsense”.
However, in the last two decades or so, this mutual respect, trust and interest has started to erode with threats of hostilities, violence and others – which have become even more prevalent in this time of now in different ways.
Everyone has his own reasons to live, reasons to live well, reasons to live badly, reasons to be happy, as well as reasons to work hard.
However, they found that Bah Let's sister had died of a blood clot.
He said that the decision will be taken up in the ongoing dorbar synrai and after that, it will be sent to the central government to take the necessary action.
There are many signs that show the end of the world, and that can be seen in Israel because Israel is the bell of the world.
“I call for a clear explanation in the District Council, there are three or four generations who have accused, they are fake names,” he said.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the PWD (R) and NHAI officers have conducted a survey of the affected areas of the road and the repair of the road has started. witness.
This action of this officer is not only illegal, but also damages the highway.
The JSU has urged the Chief Minister to take action on the issue of these JHADC employees and requested the District Council Affairs Department to take immediate action to help release the remaining salaries of the JHADC employees. The employees have been suffering from the salary cut for many months and they are facing a lot of difficulties to pay for their monthly expenses from household expenses, school fees and They have to borrow money to meet their household needs.
Expressing his concern over the traffic jam in Upper Shillong, Prestone said that the traffic jam on this road has been affected by the construction of the road.
As a sign of respect, Bah Hek telephoned Bah Mawrie and said I have sent a letter to the Prime Minister approving two names – Bah Shangpliang and Bah Kharkrang – for some of the claim.
However, Lajong scored the first goal in the 21st minute through Donbok.
The Minister said that the citizens of Meghalaya now no longer have any feeling about the registration of Aadhaar because in the past years, the people have now understood the truth about Aadhaar and there is no longer any feeling about Aadhaar. any misunderstanding.
The NPP+BJP will elect a leader from among themselves to be the Chief Minister from any party to lead the coalition government as long as they are more qualified and accept to lead. the new synrop government.
“We are encouraged to hear from the former leaders and the honor belongs to them,” said Lamboksterwell.
So far, the AITC candidate has received 52 votes, the HSPDP candidate has received 49 votes and the BJP candidate has received 34 votes. Of these candidates, NOTA received 212 votes.
According to the election manifesto, the BJP has promised to promote mining along with the protection of the environment and forests.
We are very different from other nations.
In the past few days, the Dorbar Shnong of Lumshnong Village in East Jaintia Hills has expressed its strong opposition to the plan of Star Cement to increase its Mawshun capacity from 9 lakh tonnes per annum to 25 lakh tonnes. year.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Secretary who spoke about the weakness of the Muster Roll and Unions and this has affected the work of many departments.
At that time, Laban grew and grew and settled in different villages which now form the city of Shillong.
It may be recalled that this woman was one of the victims of the shooting incident on 24/9/2014 at Mookhep East Jaintia Hills.
Replying to the question, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that the government is ready to take all necessary measures to ensure that the department will be strong in its working methods.
The BSF troops handed over the smuggled goods to the Custom Office for further investigation.
The event was organized by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi.
“I am pleased that the Hima Nongkhlaw has celebrated Tirot Singh Day every year and it should continue every year,” he said.
In the Rajya Sabha MP elections, it is the MLAs who are the voters.
The meeting was conducted by Bah BJ Kharshandi, MCS, SDO (C) of Ranikor Civil Sub Division. , speech by the Sordar of Nonghyllam, Bah Johnpaul Hahshah and welcome speech by Bah M.Diengdoh, MCS.
He also stressed that the UDP party will not reach anywhere, because the people know better than the judgment in the 2023 election and hoped that the party will work according to its goals. The party is the party that will rise, but due to the corruption of the top leaders, many of the leaders have been shocked and have had to take a decision as follows: He has decided to join other parties due to the lack of work of the leaders according to the party's constitution.
Therefore, she strongly requests the relevant authorities to take immediate action to replace the transformer for the benefit of the residents and especially the school children.
Also, when you transport medicines via drones you also save less money when transporting medicines by vehicles to more challenging areas is involved.
Other speakers included General Secretary Bah Raiwan Sohtun, President Comly Lyngdoh, Shaniah Suchen, Working President Jaintia Zone Pynshngaiñ Papang and others. Participation Circle.
Video evidence of the incident was released, which showed Israeli troops entering the detention center and other soldiers shooting at the insurgents. The hostages were guarded by soldiers who threw bombs at the guarding area, while others entered the area where the hostages were being held and evacuated by helicopters. There were no injured people who were taken to the scene on a stretcher.
The land was believed to belong to Meghalaya but was handed over to Assam for the construction of the Indira Bhavan in the 1970s.
Shillong, November 18: The residents of Sa-i-maka Park in Sohra have witnessed a cultural dance performance from Sohkynduh village in Sohra Hima.
“The JNC also expresses its regret that the leaders of Jaintia Hills, there are 7 MLAs and 30 MDCs but they are watching and listening to this action of the government, do they accept? or do you have this part? The Seng is also pleased to say that when there are three major tribes, the government should respect them and not just ignore them. Why doesn't Jaintia Hills have the right to participate? This was announced by the Vice President of the JNC-Western Zone, Hamehi Bamon.
Phone and internet connections have been shut down at Suu Kyi's residence in Naypyitaw, where the top leader of the National League for Democracy (NLF) is staying.
One of the main reasons why the strong HSPDP party, which is about to come to power in the state, has not grown is its lack of direction according to the times and eras.
Furthermore, recent sources said that the HSPDP MLAs were surprised at the entry of the UDP MLAs to meet with each other under the leadership of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as President of the UDP, without inviting them. The HSPDP MLAs, when they learned that the UDP was delayed in holding the meeting, said that the party had already talked to the NPP leaders to form a meeting. Two HSPDP MLAs have left the meeting.
It is learned that there have been meetings with the officials of the state tourism department in the past to create opportunities to develop this place and others to attract tourists.
Therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's.—1 Corinthians 6:2
The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A Sangma regarding the increase in the price of school fees for students in the state. state.
The program was organized by the District Social Welfare Department.
In Mawlai, because of the strong Dorbar Shnongs and the people, no one is willing to invade the village but in other villages, there are many illegal invaders. the stieh to protect our beloved nation"
Das has been arrested on the complaint of the Bank Manager.
Nongthymmai S&CC beat Malki SC by 113 runs to win the first division of the Shillong Cricket League.
Shillong: All government offices will be closed on 31st November 2019, but for that day, all offices will be closed on 31st November 28th October 2020.
But many are not able to do so.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has already prepared to flee the country, but it was through Russian authorities that he was ordered not to leave his country.
We will have to let them live because of our oath.
In the 69th minute, Dhana SC opened the scoring for Rymbai Wahshnong SC. In the 79th minute, Rymbai Wahshnong SC opened the scoring. Rymbai Wahshnong had a chance to shoot the ball wide from the edge of the box and Jlang went into Dhana's goal.
From there it was exported to western countries such as the United States, Ireland and others.
We all think that our church leaders such as Fathers, Pastors, Bishops, Elders, Preachers will escape hell.
Thousands of people attended the Tablighi Jamaat, which was held in Nizamuddin a few months ago and have returned to their home states, such as Telangana, West Bengal, Karnataka and Gujarat. and many of them are infected with COVID-1
“We have found that there are some shortcomings in this Bill.
US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said the United States has been closely monitoring the situation in China after seeing the country's decline in recent days.
He said that as a leader, he has taken the initiative to allocate about Rs 3 crore to meet the needs of education in the constituency.
This protest will last for a day.
The MDC was received by NPP State General Secretary Barphi Toi and Block President NPP 3-Raliang Block Heingaitmon Suchiang.
Initially, when the Community Facilitators in the 28 villages where the project is implemented went to teach about the importance of hygiene and especially hand washing, the people did not believe the training.
The team has turned its attention this ISL season to doing what no other club has ever done – and that is to protect the honor from being threatened.
This comes after North Liberty HSS won the pre quarter final match at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Yoosar Kynjing President BAM-JH said that the purpose of opening the BAM branch in Jowai is to open up opportunities for the youth to get jobs because unemployment leads the youth to jobs that are against it. community.
Look at this one example – the mobile phone.
Initially, Meghalaya lost hope after being beaten for three wickets and scored only two runs, but Punit Bisht (29) and Ravi Teja (19) played well and scored 42 runs each.
The arrested person was identified as Mohan Desai. When questioned, he confessed to the crime and said that the reason for the shooting was long for personal reasons.
Israel's airstrike appears to have been confirmed today, as it has banned the movement of troops in the entire area.
Shillong: The House today witnessed the introduction of various Bills including the increase in the salary of MLAs, bills to strengthen the control of universities in the state.
On the other hand, the Committee said that all researchers have been urged to publish their research in Khasi language so that more readers can read it.
JOWAI: The result of the Lok Sabha elections from the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency in Ri Lum Jaintia District has shown that the people have given yellow cards to the MLAs of four Assembly constituencies in West Jaintia Hills District. From the two constituencies of East Jaintia Hills District, the MLAs have expressed their candidacy.
He said that there will also be a beauty pageant for the girls of Shella constituency aged 18 to 25 years.
This shows the uniqueness and importance of responsible and vigilant citizens who have been able to hold the government accountable to the people.
Besides, the Lamphang emphasized on the rejection of this issue, as there was also a proposal to discuss through an amendment motion to congratulate on the speech of the Governor and said that through these the two sections members of the House of Representatives can participate to further debate on this topic.
This change is known as the process of desertification.
Shrink : means shrink, shrink means small and small; riej should not be hidden to avoid injury.
The funeral service will be held on November 27, 2021 at the Mawlai Presbyterian Church.
In a statement, Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary of the UDP, said that the UDP is pleased to see in the media that Bah Mawphniang has admitted to being the leader of the UDP. The truth is that Bah Mawphniang was like a powerless force that was expelled from the Congress and later he joined the UDP in 2012,” said Bah Kharkamni.
Conrad said that up to three CCTV cameras have been installed in these buses for the safety of the students.
On this occasion, all the teachers of Bengalee Boys HS School and the staff of the school were honored for their success. Meghalaya State Unit Bah Ernest Mawrie, Rangbah Shnong of Laban and residents.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rashiba Siangshai, a woman who was shot by the police in Mookhep, said that since the day she was shot, on 24th July 2014, the bullet was still in her mouth. Since then, the woman has lost her health and has lost the physical strength to do the jobs she used to do. She has lost her husband who used to take care of her in 2016 and she is a childless woman. clean the house as much as possible in the houses of the people just to get food.
There have been 22,752 new cases of Covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours and 482 deaths.
According to Bah Khongwir, this law has been clearly stated but MUDA has been trying to cross the border by violating this law.
The law recognizes only murder, suicide, manslaughter and Cupable homicide.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Mairang Circle has met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Alexander L Hek to discuss the issue of the Community Health Center Mairang. .
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal today accepted the no confidence motion against the MUA-II government led by the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. The NC against Lamphang will be heard on the 16th.
However, at the meeting conducted by Witting Mawsor, Mawshynrut MLA and HSPDP Spokesperson Jemino Mawthoh said that he does not want to talk about unity anymore. it is time to find a way to solve the problems.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 5,323 and the death toll has risen to 1,1
Superintendent of Police (Traffic) NK Syiem said that the driver of the Mahindra Pick-up has been charged under the IPC for attempted murder.
Thus in her scientific trick Samson trusted and relied on his own strength in wisdom and forgot to trust in the power of the guidance of the Spirit of God as Joseph did, because that happened to him like this. “When God had turned away from him” Samson lost his eyes and his strength and asked God to give him his last strength again, and God gave him but and he himself died there with his enemies.
He also suggested to those who do not show any symptoms or who are seriously ill, to stay at home so as not to be too burdened by the work of hospitals.
On this day, the intermediate category will be played first and the rest will continue tomorrow and the next day.
Today's match will be between St Anthony's College and St Mary's College and Seng Khasi College will play against St Edmund's College. The final of the tournament is scheduled to be held on Tuesday 19th. June 22, 2023.
Likewise, we should not allow other ethnic groups to own or do whatever they want within this land of ours – the Bri u Hynniew-Trep.
Bah Lambok Thabah has served as a journalist in Meghalaya from the 1990s onwards in various positions until the end of his life.
The protesters demanded the removal of the Nagaland police, who are currently stationed in the Dissow area, which is a sacred law between Assam and Nagaland.
“When the report of the Commission (on backward groups) was sent during the tenure of former Prime Minister Morarji Desai, the Congress party opposed it.
During the investigation, the woman said that the reason why she refused to do the job was because she could no longer tolerate the insult and harassment of him from the sha. period.
The man sees the woman in four parts.
The members of the SLSC are Law Secretary LM Sangma, Director Social Welfare HM Shangpliang and Head of NEHU Anthropology Dr R Khongsdier.
At the same time, the Meghalaya government should be allowed to implement its plans as it is for the benefit of the Kharmetor themselves.
After winning the toss, Meghalaya chose to bat first and managed to take all the wickets of Railways in 47.2 overs but scored 219 runs.
These BDOs are like chiefs who rule over the people in the villages who do not dare to ask them questions or ask for an account.
He said that another reason why the people should vote for the UDP candidate is in the spirit of love, because the candidate is fully qualified.
We live in an age of wealth from the greatest to the least, because without it, man cannot live on earth in this physical state.
He said that the incident happened while the mother was busy inside the house while the father was going to clean up. but when she looked for him, she found that he was inside the top of the water.
Donations can be made to the Secretary Football Tournament or through the following Bank Account: SBI Mawkyrwat Branch with Account No. 38358463278 and IFSC: SBIN0
Therefore, Ri Bhoi is a wilderness area full of wildlife.
He spoke on many issues facing the people these days and said that the district council is the stronghold to protect the people and in the upcoming MDC elections he will contest for the rights of the people. remove the problems of nations.
“We will continue to work even harder in the weeks leading up to Election Day.
Various groups from civil society, political parties, friends and relatives have visited Pynshadkhurai-Sohra today to express their condolences to the family of Bah Lurshai.
In a statement, the Information Secretary of FKJGP Nongthymmai Circle, Bah Cornelius Lapasam, urged the Election Commission of India to take action against the registration of suspected voters in the area. Madness.
According to the RTI received, it was found that according to the budget of this scheme for the year 2020-21, the road from Dengagre to Matchakolgre, with a length of 400 meters, has been allocated. In fact, only about 200 meters have been built while the 200 meters have been shown only in the documents and it has been found that according to the budget, it has been allocated for the construction of the roads. got enough.
Police said the incident happened on the 5th of this month, a day after the rape and murder of a child in the Margherita area.
He said that the discussions and the issuance of documents have gone smoothly and the Council has given full cooperation to the Hima which have a border dispute with Assam.
In fact, Lajong had many chances to score but couldn't convert them, but it wasn't until after the extended minutes of the second half that Goncalves scored. in the 97th minute of the game to bring home the crucial point.
On these facts, S.Janong expresses his regret and apologies to the children of the Hima Sohiong and especially to the leaders of the JAC Hima Sohiong.
"Basis: The 'SankalpSaptaah' is related to the implementation of the Aspirational Blocks Program (ABP).
At the time of the announcement, media reported that there was also a gunfire in Libreville as a sign of the victory of the army. in this country.
Then came new words we didn’t remember hearing before.
He also gave an example that the Donbosco Technical School in Nogstoiñ is the best opportunity for the youth to get training, so that they can improve their income even if they don't have enough money. income generation is also low.
According to him, there are places where there are good schools but there is a shortage of teachers, there are schools where there are enough children and teachers but the school building is not.
“They said that if Thei writes, they will come and dance,” said the mother with a laugh.
The Sordar of Mawliehbah Mannar, Bah Klanding Sohlangpiaw, lodged a complaint on learning of the incident and the police have been searching for the suspects and arrested them.
According to these objectives, the Ministry is sufficient but only the responsibility of the State Government.
Egenstar said that 65% of the villagers in the state are youth and it is very important for the government to expedite the Youth Policy.
Jowai, July 14 : The Behdienkhlam Festival, 2023 will be held from 6th to 9th November 2023 this year, the General Secretary of Seiñraij Jowai said in a statement.
“According to the initial investigation, the escape of the GNLA member was due to the torture of the jail staff between 5 and 8 pm,” she said.
Alphonse announced last year that the central government through the tourism department has allocated Rs 70 crore for the beautification of churches and places of worship in the state.
It was found that the CHC has spread the garbage from the hospital inside the compound including plastic, medicine bottles and others.
Although it is not clear how the MLAs against Mukul will convey to the AICC chief, it is understood that the speech will be on the letter they have already sent to Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi. these days.
The stones and coins worth billions of dollars cannot be sold anymore.
Shillong, July 9: U Bah Wanshai Laitmiet, 32, a sumo driver from Sohra, has sustained serious injuries to his ear after being injured by an IPS officer named Anand Mishra.
Ladthadlaboh beat Mynthong 4-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament.
Jeswin also set a new record of 8.42m at the Indian Open Jumps Championships in October this year.
Lamare will contest against the Voice of the People (VPP) candidate Ardent Basaiawmoit and the UDP candidate Lambor Malngiang.
Meanwhile, the Principal of St Edmund's College Dr Sylvanus Lamare said he does not understand why the government and MBoSE are silent to withdraw the announcement to make MIL (Khasi) an elective subject.
We have seen the suspension of many Bills passed by the ADCs, which have not received the Assent of the Governor of the State.
At 10 pm, they left her alone and went to release the vehicle, but after half an hour when they returned, they found that she had been killed. Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the murder.
In the women's category, Saiden HSS beat Borkhatsari Presbyterian SS 8-0
The price we pay for the freedom we enjoy is vigilance.
He said the government will select a village to implement this scheme separately to set an example for others to take this as an income generating opportunity.
Amberlight Masharing, Working President of the RBSU, said that the main reason for the RBSU to gather the elders and set up the committee is after the RBSU has established a committee. She has repeatedly informed the government about the need for a government college in Ri Bhoi, but until today it has not been successful.
He said that Jan Aushadhi Kendras will now be more extensive in rural areas through cooperative activities and in the coming days, the poor will get good medicines at affordable prices.
Article 370 is temporary, but Article 371 is specifically for the North East and there is a big difference between the two articles, Shah said. Speaking at the 68th meeting of the North East Council in Guwahati today.
General Management had the highest participation with AB InBev, Adani Group, Aditya Birla Capital, JSW Steel, State Street and Tata AIG General Insurance, accounting for 7% of the job offers this year.
Out of these 1,457 cases, 948 cases including 181 Armed Forces and 767 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 30 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 1 case in South West Khasi Hills. Ri Bhoi district has 119 cases including 29 Armed Forces and 90 civilians, 12 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 30 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 186 cases including 104 in West Garo Hills. Armed Forces and 82 civilians, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills, 16 cases in South Garo Hills, 98 cases in East Garo Hills and 98 cases in North Garo Hills. 13 people.
The Symbud Myntri in charge of Urban Affairs, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday, said that the state government has decided to talk to the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to decide on the issue. Finally on the proposal to relocate 342 families living in Sweepers' Colony in Mawlong Market.
After that, we have arranged to hold a meeting in Nongpoh tomorrow to invite the Police Department, the Mazdoor Union and the owners of petrol pumps.
Shillong, Lber 20 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the love of the country and the nation will not be strong if there is still a spirit of hatred and hatred of others.
The Presbyterian Church has 57 households, the Fellowship Church has 4 households, the Catholic Church has only 10 households and the Church of God has 2 households.
This announcement is in contradiction to the speech of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma on the same day.
We need to be responsible and let us be cooperative with the police department in charge of the smooth operation of vehicles,” said Bah Adelbert.
I remember that at the first public meeting I attended at Umroi, Bah Pala did not know how to speak.
Regarding the Miss Narwan Festival 2024 audition which will be held in both online and offline, the offline audition has been held on the 13th, while the online audition will end on the 18th. The selected winners will qualify for the Grand Finale of the Festival on the 31st.
Shillong: The film Pynngop will be screened at Panaliar, Jowai on the 26th of this month.
Although this proposal has not been accepted, we are encouraged by your speech in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, and the 11th September 2019, will be a historic day because it is the first time that The first time there was such a resolution, the discussion in the House on the proposal of Article 371 on the basis of the IOA & AA, until along with other members of the opposition who supported the resolution, There was also a Chief Minister from the ruling party who stood up to convey to the State Government the need to set up a special State Committee to look into this important issue for the protection of the Khasi Hills.
“You came yourself, that's the end of the story that Bah Let came to tell me.
She also benefited from various programs implemented by the PRIME Program in the state, she received information on the problems of the farmers and their performance.
Before the inauguration of the new office bearers, a meeting was held led by T.Sawian.
He expressed his surprise at the silence of the state government without responding even after four days of the strike by the former CEM and Samla Warjri.
Ryntih in the 21st minute had the first chance through Bickyson Kharkongor but his shot went wide.
On the other hand, to curb the traffic jam, the city traffic police have implemented another law, which is the law of the drivers, in which they must follow the rules and regulations. they shall not enter non-vehicular areas, shall not sell to walk in a one-way street and shall not park in no-parking areas.
It is learned that at that time a woman who was shooting near the scene saw that the three men were going into the forest, but later she saw that only the markha of the child had come back. The woman, who was still on Saturday, told the child (para markha) to tell her mother that the man had kidnapped the child into the forest.
Shillong, July 7: The residents of Mawkliaw-Kemrang village have suffered from severe water shortage in the village.
When asked about the delay in implementing the scheme since 2012, Adelbert said, “I was directed by the District Council at that time that I should implement it exactly according to the guidelines. “I am a person who walks on the road, for that reason I am still talking to the village authorities that the works to be carried out should be exactly related to the cleanliness of Wahumkhrah,” he said. Adelbert said in an interview with Rupang.
These are the problems that arise in a short society and when there are no laws or measures to protect such as the ILP and others.
When asked about the income per day, they said that in the beginning when they started selling goods in the market, there were good market days and they earned more than T.2000, but now Many of the farmers have received less, but they have received less than T.1000 and above.
“The Red Flag Rally is on the orders of the district authorities,” said Bah Dkhar.
In the past few days, due to lack of food and drink, these birds have not turned to the shops, but on the 18th they have turned to the shops to paint the meat sold in the shops.
Some of the shopkeepers who arrived early in the morning to shop have returned home, but some of the shopkeepers have opened their shops and obeyed the government's orders.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said that the opening of the new slaughterhouse will provide good and clean meat, as they will be examined by doctors to ensure that the slaughtered animals are healthy. should be free from any risk to consumers.
However, at about 11:00 pm, while these residents were returning home, suddenly the police of Jri Kyndeng Police Station under the leadership of Second OC Saikia arrested these people. They were taken to Jri Kyndeng Police Station and beaten.
On this occasion, Bah Robertjune also delivered his first speech to campaign for the MP election as the UDP candidate who raised many issues which he has a goal for the people and the state as a whole.
He said KHNAM will take a decision in these days to hold another protest if the government continues to insist on the implementation of the ILP and the issues of teachers in the state.
Therefore, he also expressed his blessings to the party to continue in all its activities for the welfare of the community.
“This is the beginning, the future will be brighter if Bah HDR Lyngdoh doesn't step down,” she said.
In this regard, the Director promised to take action and will also meet with the relevant authorities through the State Planning Board on the allocation of funds for the additional building as proposed by the State Planning Board. the authorities in charge of the government school in Nongstoiñ and others.
“There are many secret agendas of the BJP but we will not accept them and we will stand against them,” he said. state.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 117, including 97 cases in East Khasi Hills, 96 cases in West Garo Hills, 8 cases in West Garo Hills. There are 7 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 6 cases in Ribhoi District and 2 cases in North Garo Hills.
Investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Furthermore, the issue of this program is occupancy, which means the presence of people in a place and those who do not leave the same place as the time changes.
The District Magistrate has ordered Lakiang to submit her report on the 7th of this month.
After the cleanliness, the Seng Samla urged all the residents of Mawlai as well as the Dorbar Shnongs within the 100 kilometers of the Umshing River to take action to maintain the cleanliness of the river. of me.
The barrier for patients to come for treatment is affordability.
This force is not strong, but it is the weakest and evil force that Jesus did not allow to grow and develop, so he stood against along with the fishermen, the tax collectors, the women, Samaritans, Jews, slaves, Gentiles, Jews and others who followed Him. He stood up and fought against that power with the principles of the kingdom of God: love, freedom and abundant life. .
The public also had the opportunity to taste a variety of dishes and to meet those who prepare these dishes, from meat, fish to English dishes prepared by the youths who have received you are learning from the outside.
“We don't want to empower the Rangbah Shnong but we want to empower the dorbar so that the people can have power but this EC of the PDF has removed these important rules,” said Bah Ardent.
Lack of health care, involvement in crime, lack of education, lack of self-love, are some of the reasons for the lack of natural love.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mylliem MLA Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh said that even if the Prime Minister appoints him as Minister, he has no problem accepting it because it is to serve the people.
Therefore, based on the above, the VPP demands that the State Government should issue a White Paper on its arrangements and approvals to reach Ardent M Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), said in a statement.
We hope that with the arrival of the CRPF, peace will also return to Lapangap and the surrounding areas.
Furthermore, the 1st goal of Nongkrem strengthened the team to play better and in the last minutes before the end of the first half, Nongkrem managed to score. Two more goals were scored by Gamelial Lyngngoh in the 30th and 43rd minutes. Marbisu and also through the stingy counting of the defenders, but with the spirit of fighting Marbisu managed to score another goal in the 41st minute through Lamshaphrang Kurbah.
On the Congress party's request to convene another meeting before leaving for Delhi, he said, “It is not necessary to do so because the government has already convened the meeting and Assam has already convened the meeting. They have also convened a meeting to discuss and take their opinion on this issue.
The Voluntary Blood Donors Organization, Shillong in collaboration with the Regional Blood Bank, Pasture Institute, Shillong and the Dorbar Shnong Thainthynroh, Shillong, has conducted a training to explain the importance of blood donation.
The fire broke out at 1:15 pm on Thana Road opposite Payal Cinema.
When the reporter from Shillong arrived at Nongmahir, he understood that it was very beautiful because there were sal trees, planted with flowers, a beautiful place to stay built of siej and a place to eat. prepare separately.
It is the NPP which has shown its work despite the criticism from many political parties.
As part of the programme, the Central Bureau of Communication, also organized an exhibition of photographs of the freedom fighters of the North East, various competitions including dance competition, drawing, word competition and others related to the issue of cleanliness.
“The Social Justice Department of the Government of India has allocated funds for the ground and the government will try to make arrangements to complete the preparations on time,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 29: Leaders of the All India Trinamool Congress led by Bah Macmillan Kharbani on Friday joined the National People's Party (NPP). The TMC has been banned from Nongstoiñ because of the understanding that the people of the area have not yet accepted the party.
Therefore, we need legislators who are well educated, intelligent, read and inform themselves about what is happening in their own state, in their own country and around the world.
Imphal: A group of Manipur Police Commandos on Tuesday staged a protest by surrendering their weapons in Imphal, Manipur.
Shillong, Nailar 11: As part of the follow-up to the decisions of the Dorbar to meet with all the ADC, State Government and Indian Government, including the BJP Meghalaya, a group of the Federation of Khasi States. They met with Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Chief Executive Member, KHADC, and handed over a letter from the Under Secretary, KHADC. Lok Sabha Secretariat, regarding the validity of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed between the Government of India and the Khasi Hills under the Federation of Khasi States on 17th July
In the last Dorbar, I brought the same notice regarding the felling of trees by the JHADC in the JHADC Forest at Mukoilum but it was allowed to be discussed inside the House but now it has been rejected. “I don't know why, but the EC has been too busy,” said Marki Mulieh.
Here in Meghalaya, the future of badminton players is in doubt.
In the first pool league of Group C between Meghalaya and Telangana, Meghalaya beat Telangana 1-0 and drew against Madhya Pradesh. In the final league against Maharashtra, they lost by 10 goals and in the second league, they drew against Uttarakhand.
The scientists of the world are worried, There is no cure for the disease; Millions of people are sick, Thousands of people have died.
In order for this to happen, it is necessary for the families of the Hynniewtrep people who have nothing to contribute to their sons and daughters so that they can put up a pledge if they need to take loans from banks. they can set up their own businesses.
Up to 25 teams from various sports federations have joined the MFA. The tournament will be held at four venues; The final will be held in Shillong, Tura, Jowai and Mawkyrwat.
The game will be played in Deuce Ball.
“Yes, we are not the ones who look after the patients in their bedrooms, we don't drive ambulances to take patients to hospitals, we don't collect drinking supplies to give. to every man's house, but we have much wealth.
He said he did not believe his doctors and officers that the number of sick and dead in America was as they claimed.
During the two days, the women received many benefits from the speakers.
In 2019, HANM went to Ratacherra to plant mawput and erect signboards as part of the protection of the land of Jaintia Hills.
Lambok Star Marngar, President of the KSU, said that the KSU has the aim of mining uranium in the state.
