The U-14 team will play again on the 28th at Madan Heh-Mawlai against OM Roy HS School.
In West Bengal, 14,022 cases were reported, in Uttar Pradesh, 2,038, in Maharashtra, 26,538 and in Delhi, 10,655 on Tuesday.
However, JYF Bataw demands from the district authorities to hold a market in Bataw village in compliance with the rules of social distance, so that it will be a blessing to the people. “The farmers are poor and those who live on daily wages,” said Bah J Lakhi, President JYF Bataw Unit.
Iaisynroplang Syiemlieh scored the goals in the 23rd minute, John W Nongsiej in the 31st minute, Aitenjoy Nongkhlaw in the 42nd minute and Wanbhalang Kharmawlong in the 42nd minute. at 60 minutes.
“I understand that we cannot force anyone to stop the protest.
Each test alert will clearly indicate that it is only a Test Message to avoid confusion.
On this occasion, the DC also assured the leaders of the two parties that the government will take action on this issue so that it will be of great benefit to the youth who are preparing to contest. DSC examinations will be conducted in the future.
“Those who want to know more about the village, you can search on Google Nongkhlaw 793119, for convenience because this village is not Nongkhlaw near Mairang but Nongkhlaw to Nongstoin,” said the Pastor.
In the past, we remember that during the tenure of non-Congress prime ministers, they didn't go to Delhi more often but they went when the state really needed them. They are not going to surrender but they are going to demand their rightful share as a state and the needs of the people of the state.
“It's not a long struggle, I think within two months the resolution will come out,” he said and she was happy.
He said he does not know how the Voice of People's Party (VPP) will be in the future but he hopes and wishes that the party will not be like other parties where even MDCs and MLAs do not have. thank you until now.
Nan Polok has become more beautiful after the army has built an electric lighting pond and other improvements.
This region is lagging behind in almost all aspects.
“It was carrying a rear tire,” said the man, while talking to Rupang. The reason was because the vehicle was driving very fast.
The tunnel was constructed by Navayuga Engineering Company Limited.
I believe that the Savior will be with us (Matt. 28:20).
Shillong: Five poachers have been arrested by the South Garo Hills District Police in connection with the rescue of a Kyrbei animal. .
However, Mohan here speaks clearly that Hinduism includes all kinds of faiths.
The match between the two clubs was very friendly and interesting.
The total number of cases has risen to 7492, 5088 have recovered, 2390 are still undergoing treatment and 11 have died.
From this it can be said that from the beginning to the end of the Shillong Western Bye-Pass will not be less than 38 Kms.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government on Friday approved the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Reclamation Fund Management Guidelines, 2022 to restore the forests and surrounding areas damaged by mining. soil.
Jowai, July 23: U Prof. RC Laloo, Local MLA and Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inaugurated a view point on the Syntu Ksiar River which is part of the Myntdu River.
Alan Niangti, Waheh Chnong Loompyrdi Iongpiah said that the inclusion of our District in the 272 Districts or Hot Spot Areas is a good news for us as Village Leaders. to take action against the number of people or young people who are addicted to alcohol as the days go by and it affects not only their families but also the society of the village is also created.
She said that her victory in the title was not an easy path as she had to work hard to win the title.
Speaking to Rupang, Spiton said that he started writing in 1968, when he used to be a letter writer to the editor of Ka Pyrta U Riewlum. , which is doing well in these times.
Jowai, July 28: The 100th Anniversary of the Pasyih Catholic Church, the blessing of the new church and the Eucharistic Procession of the Parish Mooksiang (Phramer) West Jaintia Hills District will be held on the 29th of this month. 29/01/2023) at Pasyih Village and the programs will be as scheduled. The difference is after the issuance of the Order U/S 144 GrPC dated Jowai, the 25th January forbidden to hold a service from the ground where it was supposed to be held and moved it to the ground in the new church grounds.
He also accused the journalists of being murderers who steal the property of others.
He also expected that in Meghalaya too, with the hard work of the members of various Mandals, the BJP will be able to rule in Meghalaya.
Some of them who have not yet appeared for the Selection Test will drop out, but the government has not done anything and does not care if many students drop out.
Finance Secretary Ma  Michael War, Joint Finance Secretary:- Bah  Markynsai  Khongwir, Treasurer Bah  Beyondstar  Kurbah.
Earlier, the Central Government had proposed to construct two railway projects including the 22 km railway line from Tetelia to Byrnihat and the 108 km railway line from Byrnihat to Shillong.
The court was informed that recently on 16th June, the bridge connecting Sonapur and Borghat was flooded.
Today's award ceremony is for the trainees of the month of November to November 2022, the trainees of the 97th batch include about 1200 youths from different parts of the North Eastern States. .
Shillong, July 25: Following the death of a young woman who was admitted to NEIGRIHMS hospital after allegations of negligence and distrust of doctors, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) has called for the death of a young woman. (HANM) on Friday met with the Director Dr. Nalin Mehta to find out the truth.
“The visit of the Prime Minister will have many things to think about for us the people of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the HYC in a statement has expressed its concern that these Jihadi militants have made Meghalaya their safe haven because there are no strict laws to prevent the entry of mynder into the state. The General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, on Tuesday said that Assam has now become one of the states in the region where Jihadi militants have started their activities. This was confirmed by the arrest of several members of Jihadi militants in Assam.
Therefore, in addition to such programmes, it is also necessary for parents to take responsibility in teaching their children, because if anything bad happens to their children, it is because of lack of parents to teach their children, which has caused this society to become as bad as it is today.
About 700 athletes from 11 Frontiers of the Border Security Force took part in the four-day tournament.
During the search, police recovered two soap boxes suspected to contain drugs from the body of Dony Paya Mulieh, 19, resident of Khliehshnong, Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills. Langki Rymbai, 23, resident of Lumshnong.
They also called on the Taxi Associations to attend the meeting if they are not wrong and who is wrong to explain to the majority of taxi drivers at the meeting. In order to resolve many of the problems faced by the taxi drivers and especially to talk about the sticker of the Taxi Owners Association Jowai Region where some of them have been arrested by the police. sticker when you leave your district.
“Until now we have not received any information about the intention of our two MDCs to join the NPP but we have seen only in the media,” said one of the party leaders Bah RV Lyngdoh (MLA, MDC). ) when talking to Mawphor.
She said why don't they ask the MLA/MDC to clean up the Rangblang to Phlangdiloin road and to complete the road from Rilang to Ranikor which has been pending for many years. 1984-85 and also the road from Umjarain to Nongrynniang.
In his speech, he said that in one of his meetings with Bah RM Marweiñ about 20 years ago when he went to sell tiar at his house, she encouraged him to work or do anything. work without fear and work with faith.
From Asia, only Cardinal Toppo has reached this level among the nations.
The State Education Commission will come into operation immediately and the term of office will be two years.
After the meeting, the authorities of the electricity department visited these three villages on the 8th of this month in the presence of The Sordar of Sohlait Village, Bah B.Sohshang and other elders from these three villages.
In another development, the Chief Executive Officer, Shillong Municipal Board has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 15th of this month, the department had raided land dealers in Khyndailad and surrounding areas, but After repeated requests to the vendors not to crowd the streets, a vendor named Prem Shah has acted unfairly and spread his illegal goods. and Ajmer Marbles, Motphran, Shillong.
She said that the victory of the HSPDP in two constituencies in the mid-term elections is not the hard work of the President of the party but the hard work of the party workers.
I will get straight to the point of speaking.
India Today reported that China has been working hard at Depsang to strengthen its troops and troops have been working hard at seven locations in Daulet Beg Oldie. which is only 23 kilometers from the border between the two countries.
In the second half, Iawmulong Nartiang beat Phramer 6-3 goals. One goal for Iawmulong Nartiang was scored by OG in the 27th minute. Nongtduh scored in the 20th & 80+5th minutes, Bani Shadap in the 36th, Ebanskhem Nongtduh in the 50th and Shemphang Phalangki in the 75th minute.
The Government should appoint its own staff or nurses to treat those infected with Covid-19 and not to mix with the same nurses to treat other patients infected with other types of patients.
The same thing happened to the Chakmas from the Chittagong Hill Tract of East Pakistan (Bangladesh) who fled to India.
He said that on this decision taken by the Cabinet, the UDA will seek clarification on the Village Council which the state government intends to introduce whether it is in accordance with the plan of the Home Ministry.
During their journey, they have already cleared the fields of the farmers in Tbanlangjrong.
“When Dr. Mukul Sangma was prime minister and such an incident happened in Langpih, could he have done as he suggests now,” she asked.
Li was sanctioned by the US government in 2018 for buying Russian equipment, but the US sanctions did not mean shutting down business relations between Li and to Austin.
The election for the post of Sohiong Constituency has been postponed to 10th June after the UDP candidate for Sohiong Constituency, Bah HDR Lyngdoh passed away suddenly a day before the general election. in the state.
It is learned that the diesel truck which was heading towards Jowai was driving too fast and the driver could not control the vehicle until it turned over and hit the vehicle again. a Maruti car was coming from the opposite direction.
“This park is only a place to rescue the animals that we have surrendered by people when they catch the animals or there are those who keep but they surrender the animals,” said Bah Marngar. .
“It was through a clash between the Assam police from Khanapara and the Byrnihat police that these foreigners were driven out of the area and the vehicles returning to Meghalaya were released,” said Bah Marbud.
He said that it is for this reason that the party has to be very vigilant especially that on the 7th its leaders are all inside the camp as it is also the deadline for members to come. turn to the camp.
The program started on Tuesday and will continue until the 18th of this month.
JOWAI: Vehicles parked on the highway and village roads have been blocked with stones, liquor bottles and garbage cans.
Her parents did not know the cause of her death, but when they received information, through RTI, they found that her death was due to covid injection and physical injury. jongka, after this injection.
The SP said that the Laitumkhrah Police Station under the leadership of Inspector N.Thohrem, O/C Laitumkhrah have arrested Ricky Swer, 27, resident of the Fire Brigade. he was still on bail in the rymphang, and under his leadership were arrested the people who had taken the goods which the thieves had stolen.
Then Lanosha also began to cry.
The chess tournament will be held in three categories – under 11 years old, under 15 years old and under 18 years old.
Six candidates are contesting the Sohiong election and out of these, Bah Synshar received 16,679 votes, while Bah Samlin of the NPP received 13,257 votes, Congress candidate The HSPDP got 62 votes, the TMC got 89 votes and the BJP got 40 votes.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, who visited the puja at RR Colony today was accompanied by Defense Minister Roshan Warjri, Urban Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, Health Minister AL Hek and others. Parliamentary Secretary Samuel M Sangma.
“The aim is to bring awareness to the country.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, on Tuesday visited the villages in Block-2 area and found that a Police Outpost should be located in the area. as a protector of the Khasi Khara people, who live in this area, which is also a place of conflict between Meghalaya and Assam.
The wife of the deceased is Mrs. Daiamonlang Mylliemngap.
“Unemployment is very high in the state and there is a need to create opportunities for the youth of the state,” he said.
“We will not allow reckless driving and we will ensure that they will be punished and fined according to the laws of the country,” he said.
Informing that the Cancer Wing of the Hospital has started functioning fully, Kumar said that all this is due to the hard work of the staff and the Civil Hospital, Shillong will one day be upgraded to a Cancer Wing. Super Specialty Hospital.
“The answers and speeches of Bah BB Lyngdoh in the State Legislative Assembly from 1973 to 1975 clearly show the hard work of the rulers in the last fifty years in relation to the border.
He said that the HNLC will not surrender to these threats of the Meghalaya government and said that the HNLC is now trying to form its own government outside the Meghalaya government. Shillong: MeECL employees will continue to hold a two-day strike on the 16th and 17th November 2020 at the venue of the strike. The meeting will be held at the parking lot of the MeECL head office at 10 pm.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has called for the closure of the toll gate in Lumshnong after the NHAI has ordered to repair the NH 06 from Mynkre to Ratacherra.
Not to listen to the few who disagree.
The MDC is Akthar Ali (independent MDC), who has received the PMGSY road construction project from Hulukona to Gopinathkilla, which is about 4 km away.
Taking good care of your oral health helps to prevent infections and thus contribute to a healthier lifestyle.
“What else are you called.
For this reason, our state is declining in all aspects and there is no hope that it will improve or change.
Speaking to media, the Lamphang said that during the inspection on Friday, he urged the implementing authorities to speed up the work.
“Our vehicles will carry the fuel if those who should have delivered it do not come,” said PDAM President Kennedy Khyriem on Tuesday.
The federation requests private clubs/teams to come and take part in this tournament and will accept first only those clubs/teams who have informed in advance.
To give money, to make great people and to enrich themselves just by winning medals doesn't make much sense and if it is in this way, there will be a time when the country will go empty handed in many sports.
It is up to the government whether it is willing or not to implement it.
In his speech, Payeng stressed on the importance of biodiversity and the need to educate children on the importance of planting and caring for trees.
In June, two Frontier Corps officers were killed and three security personnel injured in an explosion in Kohlu district of Balochistan. in Pakistan.
However, his goal is to contest elections on issues and the main goal is to improve income, education, economic growth and strengthen agriculture. by bringing in the resources that have been allocated by the central government.
Regarding the awareness campaign on the health of the people of the area, Bah Sunn said that the Committee has also brought the doctors to listen that they too will bring the what the people have informed their Department.
Those who have worked for less than 50 years should be recognized as RCW Skilled Workers and those who have worked for more than 50 years as RCW Highly Skilled.
Leading participants from the World Bank were Director India Augustus Tano Kouame, Lead Social Coordinator, Meghalaya Junko Onishi, Senior Economist Benedict and Mohan Gopalakrishnan.
The awards were presented by the Minister of Tourism and Culture Development, North Eastern Region, G.Kishan Reddy.
He urged the government to immediately stop the search for the Sengbhalang leaders and if it understands that the people are affected by the protests, it should take the right path to call for talks with understanding. and party leaders on the issue.
The Dorbar Shnong Wahingdoh has won the award as the most beautiful village in the field of street painting and the government through the Tourism Department has donated a cash prize. thousand rupees.
Alien A beat Eagle Elite 48-31 points and Valentino Umdor of Alien was named player of the match.
The Fourth Division (U-20) Football League 2023 of the Shillong Sports Association (U-20) continued on Tuesday with the victory of Pynthorbah SC.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court (Acting) Uma Nath Singh, who is sitting in the hearing to discuss the complaint against the MLAs and MDCs, said: He said that the post of leadership is a public service, and is not exempt from the Prevention of Corruption Act.
This morning, seven cases were confirmed, two from Jorhat, Golaghat and one from Kokrajhar and Nagaon.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today discussed the amendment to the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSS A), 2016, to strengthen the curb the entry of foreigners. and at the same time not to be harassed by those who come as visitors.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) Central Body has demanded that the state government should increase the allocation for the agriculture sector and government departments. related to agriculture.
They were identified as Alexander Lamare and Livingstone Susngi of Nangbah Mulang.
He urged the students of today, men and women to spend more time in acquiring knowledge and not to waste their time on things that do not benefit them at all. and to the whole nation.
The remains of the President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Donkupar Dkhar (Rtd IAS), who passed away on the 15th of this month, have been laid to rest at Lum Jingthang. The Khasi Kmie Seng, Jaiaw, Shillong on Tuesday.
The imposition of rules by the government authorities will be meaningless if the people themselves do not have a sincere desire and responsibility for the value of the environment.
Shillong, March 23: The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has warned four wheeler drivers including local taxi and private vehicle drivers and two wheeler motorcycle drivers not to They should not violate the rules of the Motor Vehicle Act especially on the roads of Shillong where the No Entry signboard has been erected.
The total number of cases has risen to 609 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
“We have made it clear that the party will not be responsible if the relationship between the Khasi and Garo breaks down just because of the victory of the Garo rebels. Garo rebels should not operate in the Khasi Hills especially in Borsora, Shahlang and other places.
“With the reputation of this man as the leader of the HSPDP, it is hoped that the state government will look into the petition sent by the party soon,” said the general secretary of the party, Bah Generous Warlarpih.
The General Secretary of the party said that their appearance on this day may surprise the residents of Sohiong constituency.
The President also informed that the sign boards near Nongtalang Govt.
He also stopped for a while at Laitryngew for the tribute of the people.
Haman tried to destroy the Jews, but God did not allow him to do so.
On Thursday, Ao said the situation of the Congress in Meghalaya is not satisfactory.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Lyngdoh said, “I would like to thank the ET Edge for organizing this tournament for the sixth Doctors Day Conclave.
It is also understood that there are some Niamtre religious leaders who are misleading the people in the village especially in Iaplashait village where the residents are only Niamtre except for one family who has been misled. The Presbyterian Church became the Church of God.
The presidential election campaign in the United States has reached its climax and this time, Donald Trump has filed a lawsuit against the conduct of the voting, which won Joe Biden.
All four of these schools have been closed and there is not a single teacher.
Shillong: Members of the Coordination and Welfare Committee of Shella Bholaganj Block (CWC-SB) have donated 600 blankets to the villagers of Shella Bholaganj Block. 600 households, who are poor and cover 26 villages of Shella-Bholaganj Block.
On the other hand, Bah Arju Dkhar Vice President of CCORMAU said that the government should not delay in implementing the demands of the casual workers as some of the workers have been working since the 1980s. They have worked for many years.
Police Commissioner Surjit Pandey said the complaint was lodged at Sarojini Nagar police station.
This corruption of ours without any consideration for the future generation has put us in the middle of the night, where if we don't have that responsibility, the time will come when the environment will be clean and will not be able to no longer to hold on to us and to give us life.
According to Bah Vivek, the reason why the prisoners have been able to escape and do their work inside the jail is due to the lack of checking in the jail.
Since 17/6/20, the office has confirmed the name of Bah Stogent Lynrah as the dealer of the center. The Chairman of the Vigilance Committee has convened the Committee on 11.7.2020 and decided that the Dealer should follow the rules and regulations of the Supply Department. regarding the price and manner of distribution of rice to the beneficiaries.
According to a statement, KHNAM has demanded that all the 306 vacant posts should be filled and it is afraid that half of these posts have already been filled. ing as happened in the Gram Seveka post where the young candidates who have passed have to take to the streets to sit on hunger strike to revive their post which they have passed.
Speaking on the occasion, Superintendent of Police Bhanupada Chakraborty said that police seized a Suzuki BALENO in front of Churaibari Police Station which was on its way to Assam from Assam. Tripura.
Three of them were seriously injured and most of them were women.
Can you explain how technology can help in the implementation of the law?
This meeting was held after the Seng found that the Assam government has not taken into account the talks with the Meghalaya government after the tragic incident at Mukroh on 22/11/2
Shillong, Nailur 04 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Monday urged the groups that hold protests to act with dignity and order. because the police cannot be mere bystanders when someone violates the peace.
The four parties have accused the MDA government of not being able to rule, it would be better to step down.
Although the MP elections will be held next year, the VPP has not yet discussed the issue or announced its candidate for the elections. to witness that there have been some elders who have expressed their willingness to contest from this party.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will confirm that it will reject the no-confidence motion tabled by the Congress party. The opposition in the State Legislative Assembly, against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
This happened on Saturday at 5 pm, when a hill suddenly collapsed and fell on the 44th highway.
He said the UDP was wasting its time to go to Delhi.
HS Shylla, in several newspapers, today, said that there is a provision in the old law, that the children born from the marriage of a Khasi woman and a man those who are not Khasi, shall be Khasi and this part shall be removed.
Every hero was commemorated by having his image or words engraved on specially minted coins or coins.
The total number of voters in these four constituencies is 1,24,319, 59,745 males and 64,574 females.
These teachers are Mr. ED Nongsiang, Mrs. Deborah Kyndiah and Mrs. AM Mawlong.
These two Centers have started various activities such as making soap, tables, clothes and other items made by private individuals which were originally designed by the youth who came to these labs. .
Shillong: U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister in charge of Disaster Management, on Tuesday said that in the past few days, there have been heavy rains in the state. Khasi Hills District and in West Khasi Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District.
They said that he does not listen to anyone and does not consult any of the government ministers before he does anything.
Other guests who attended the ceremony included Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister Dr RC Laloo, Chief Adviser DD Lapang, Chairman of the State Planning Board Salseng C. Marak, MP Former Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio, former Manipur Chief Minister RB Koijam, NPP Working President Arvind Netam, Meghalaya Assembly Speaker AT Mondal, Opposition Leader Dr. Don. Nagaland Assembly President Chotisuh Sazo, Government Ministers including Prestone Tynsong, Deborah C. Marak, AL Hek, Zenith Sangma, Roshan Warjri, Clement Marak and Ampareen Lyngdoh.
In connection with the incident, police also arrested the suspects and seized a Mahindra Pick-up number AS-01-NC-9 used to carry these stolen goods.
At the time of writing, it is not clear which party will form the government, although there is talk that the NPP may cooperate with the BJP and some other political parties. MLAs are not politicians.
He also directed that measures should be taken to ensure that this issue can be completed this year.
Lajong will play two home games for the final round and two away games for the Second Division I-League.
This means that they do not want to vote for any of the candidates on the EVM.
However, the news was covered with false information and unfounded explanation.
He said that as the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, he has already spoken to the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbai Anglong and the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya has already sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Assam. There should be no interference on the part of Assam in this polling.
If the MBOSE continues to ignore the guidelines/criteria, it will become a silent killer as drop outs will increase. halftime of the children.
Since being uploaded, the photo has gone viral and has garnered 18 million views.
Thanks to the willingness of the donors to reach out to the people who are in dire need of assistance, it has been seen that there has been no death toll so far.
He is so strong, everyone knows him.
“With this in mind, we have decided to further strengthen the RDA," he added.
It was during his tenure as MLA that he was able to establish an SSA school in Moolber.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills today decided to impose a night curfew in all districts of East Khasi Hills from 7th November 2020 to 14th November The hours will be from 9:00 pm to 5:00 pm daily.
The Seng said that as a reminder on the CAB/CAA, Conrad said that Meghalaya will be exempt from the CAA but it is his sister Agatha Sangma who supports the CAA in Parliament.
Shella MDC Tienwell Dkhar mentioned many of the great works that Dr. Don has done, such as the roads to Mawphu, Nongsteng, Ryngud-Laitiam, through the rivers of War, Mustoh. Shella, Mawlateng to Mawkliaw, Japuh River to Sohbar, Majai-Tharia Arch Bridge and many others.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanamuganathan, has sent for a thorough reading of the Village Administration Bill. this Bill.
The Minister expressed his desire to turn Shillong into a “pedestrian city” and said, “I believe that Shillong can become a pedestrian city because the villages are not far away and therefore If we have footpaths that can serve the people of the State, I think many of the people of Shillong will choose to park their vehicles in the parking lots and walk”.
He said another reason why they are against these trucks is because the road has not yet allowed such trucks to carry goods from this area until they get proper roads.
At the festival, the participants, dressed in aprons and gloves, came together to knead the cake in a large bowl, in order to knead many flavors of the cake.
He said the BJP has called a meeting to seek support for the NDA Presidential candidate and I have also attended as the National President of the NPP. BJP is not going like MDA and now that it is election time every party has the right to express anything.
Arunachal Pradesh came second with the Lindum Kia Kia in 3:01:56 seconds and Thokchom Helen Devi added the medal to Manipur by coming third. She finished the race in 3:04:55 seconds.
The Petroleum Dealers Association (PTA) Meghalaya has appealed to all the owners of petrol pumps in Khasi Jaintia Hills to join hands in this 24 hour strike. the whole of Assam.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong said the government is currently in talks with various groups from volunteers and civil society groups. He expressed concern that if the railway is introduced, the influx of foreigners will also increase.
On this occasion, the State President of the party, Rikman G. Momin, welcomed the office bearers of the ST Morcha, the District Presidents and District Committees to the party.
“However, we feel that there has been a big change in Meghalaya where people have now seen tourism as a big employment opportunity. and you will see that even the Dorbar Shnongs have come forward and worked with the department to ensure that the security and safety measures will be a priority. forward".
Shillong Lajong FC, led by Coach Janbor, won the tournament 2-1 at Bongaigaon.
The Government of India has spent thousands of crores of rupees on the implementation of various programs for the youth at a cost of Rs 2,710 per youth.
Shillong: Nine youths from Madanryting have been attacked by mobs at Jatah village in Mawkynrew Block this morning.
According to Bah Carmel, the villages in Laitkroh have expressed their opposition to the decision of the KHADC to abolish this constituency and felt that the action was taken by force without going according to their feelings. and public decision making.
When inquired from witnesses, it was said that the accident occurred due to the speeding of the truck.
Leaders of the Ri Bhoi Progressive Health Workers Union, including Beril Kshiar, President, Bah Khraw Lyngdoh, General Secretary, together with many other members, rallied at the ground floor of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. to express their opposition to the government, after the state government has remained silent on the demands of these casual workers.
“We will have to withdraw from the agreement if the government delays in implementing the measures to curb the influx of mynder,” said Bah Khyriem while speaking at the opening ceremony of the Mot Sahkynmaw of Khla Wait. Tirot Singh at Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah today.
In the two years since he became the Prime Minister of the country, he has never taken a day off.
“I have already directed the officers to strengthen the police presence at the BoPs along the Assam-Meghalaya border,” said Bah Tynsong.
Shillong, March 12: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) in East Jaintia Hills District has strongly opposed the plan of Dalmia Company, which produces dewbilat for the purpose of mining coal at Thangskai village in East Jaintia Hills.
The following are some of the ways of change that can be very beneficial in terms of health: Breakfast : Breakfast is important for energy production and controlling hunger.
Since the 20th century, Warner Bros. has been able to produce its most popular and successful films which have helped to grow the company over time despite fierce competition. Hollywood among the production companies to produce beautiful films.
It affects the household; When there is a drunkard in the house, it affects the dignity of the household.
Imad has also moved up 15 places to 127th position with 31 runs in the match while three wickets have been taken for 19 and 2 for 21 runs. He has been promoted by 120 places to 93rd in the list and has also moved up by 44 places to 24th among the All Rounders.
The District Magistrate has issued an order to revoke the Night Curfew in Sahsniang village. immediately.
At the same time, he suggested that we should look after the income of the people to ensure economic development without causing loss or damage to the environment.
Another incident occurred on the 6th of July when Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit called a public meeting at Malki Square and the meeting was to stand at the Secretariat to protest against the government's implementation of the The MUDA Building Act in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
I will appoint the rulers and deputies.
They were closed yesterday after it was found that the garbage was dumped into the river. Besides, the meat slaughterhouse is not clean and this has put at risk the health of the people and the the body and also the environment.
The union strongly condemns the letter written by the Member Secretary of the MSPCB to the MoEF&CC and the union has sent the documents from the DC's office to verify them. Shillong: DD Shira, Director of Social Welfare, Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Assam Police have arrested 280 groups of supporters. The Government of India, for the production of nutritious foods, which are usually obtained from rice and the Department of Social Welfare, has taken the rice from the FCI and delivered it to the manufacturer of these rice. Continental Milkcose Ltd. and from this rice, various foods have been made, which have been distributed to anganwadi centres, to provide food to the children.
This was inaugurated by Bah AL Hek, MLA Pynthorumkhrah in the presence of Bah Fantin J Lakadong, MDC. Malki-Laitumkrah, BDO Mawpat C&RD Block, Phrang Warjri, Rangbah Shnong, B Khonglah, former Rangbah Shnong, Swilin Kharsahnoh, Headmistress and others.
He also encouraged those who have not won in these two games to continue to work hard so that one day they can reach the goal of victory which will be the pride of the state. to your household and to yourself.
This decision was announced after a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Shillong, June 28: Two organizations, the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) have alleged that the government has been unfair in the process of extending the recruitment of students who have passed the District Selection Committee. across the district of the state.
The union invites those who work in homestays or hotels and those who work in private homes and day laborers to attend this day, so that the union can explain clearly the issues of the union for the benefit of the workers. .
The thieves who stole the motorcycle bombed the lock.
This Sub Center has been opened since 1981 and with the passing of time its services to the sick have not improved despite being one of the best and recognized health centres. by the State Government and the Government of India alike.
THE KAMRAM OF KCHU KA SIANG IN THE RELIGION OF YUNG In the religion of Yung there is a special part that must be performed by the head of the household who has appointed him as the KÑI. These two people are the ones who have the thylliej, the patience, the cleanliness and the cleanliness in the household, the meaning of the Kynsai, the Pangrai, the Ratap, the Rabiang. Therefore, you must understand the Niam and the Rukom of the Kur Ka Jait.
“Since this year, the government has stood firm on the ground that unless the people of the state accept, uranium should not be mined,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, the residents of the area expressed their dissatisfaction with the deterioration of this road which is known as a good road. scheme.
The Mawlai Nongkwar Youth Association, Shillong, has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Founder Strong Cajee, former MLA/MDC and Minister of State.
get Dkhar.
In this incident, six people including the driver of the Bolero, three Sisters, a Father and a Brother of a Mission School in Assam lost their lives. you are alive.
Lionel Messi, one of Argentina's best players, failed to score from the penalty spot against Iceland at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow on Saturday. and which resulted in a 1-1 draw.
Therefore, before I propose to others, I would like to talk to you as a sign of my love for my friend (Peter's father),” said Bah Bok. Banisha brought two books, one for Bah Bok and one for her mother.
Dr Sanjoy K Shylla died at Iongnoh village after his Mahindra XUV 300 registration number ML 05 X 4578 fell off the road and crashed into the ground this afternoon before reaching the village. Iongnoh, West Jaintia Hills District.
There have been reports that some MLAs themselves have wanted to remove Mukul Sangma from the post of Prime Minister because they are not satisfied with his working methods and want to replace him.
These appear to be no different from the accounts we read in the Bible, especially in the book of Genesis.
We hope that any MP from this constituency will be truly responsible and understanding.
There is a full Statehood and self-government.
Superintendent of Police (SP) EJH Giri Prasad in a statement said that the seizure of the drugs was based on a tip that some traffickers had come to The drugs were used in Silchar.
To the light of the country, The spirit of the young man is united; You don't have to eat kiwi, Especially in the pictures.
Now that it has been completed, this road will open up many opportunities for trade, tourism and other activities”.
“KHNAM strongly condemns this violence and corruption by Assam and the district authorities or government authorities of our state should immediately investigate and stop this attempt,” said a statement from Thomas Passah, KHNAM. youth president.
It is to be recalled that the police department and the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District, since the past few months, have urged the people passing through the national highway from Narpuh area to avoid They should carry food and drinking water in advance so that they will not be inconvenienced in case of traffic jam at any time. to drive too fast.
The number of cases in Italy has risen to 86,498 with 9,134 deaths, while the number of cases in China has risen to 81,340, while in the United States, new cases have risen to 10,0 The number of confirmed cases has risen to 16,8
Let us surprise the people to think and understand that the election is not a game or a money making game, but a sacred time for us to think and decide who we are. send to be leaders.
“Just because we are in the opposition doesn't mean that we will close the door to discuss the border issue, we will not close it and the Prime Minister has promised that the meeting will be called again. “The meeting of the Committee,” said Ampareen.
Klip and others joined the Congress in the presence of MBCC President Teilang Blah and Vice President Kansing Lynshing.
This is not the first time that the owner of these buses, Hiren Ali and his buses have been arrested by the police, but it has been four or five times. They have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police for allegedly smuggling these kwai supari, said a source.
The State Government has awarded him a cash prize of T.12.50 Lakh.
The beat contest will be held at the Sohkha Kynjai Club.
He said that they have been staging protests against the government and most of the time the government has arrested and searched for him because he is a leader of the party who used to incite the people to protest.
Janis has two brothers and sisters and is the youngest.
Those from better families send their children to Shillong to study.
During the second raid, three shops owned by foreigners were found without Trading License and proper documents. This is the place of Nongpoh.
For her sake, he must sacrifice, not only himself, but also his household, his children, his wife.
“However, as it is now, we have to find out how to fix it, and we have an order from the court to take action and we have not banned them from operating in other areas of Shillong.
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has elected its new office bearers including council members after its general meeting held on July 1 in Shillong.
There are 61 teams from 72 villages in Nartiang Constituency.
Speaking to media after the opening of the eighth meeting of the HLC, Prestone said the government will send a petition against the HPC's appeal to the Supreme Court within 10 to 12 days. .
The best feedback is through the giving of votes," he added.
From this tall stone you can see many of the villages in Shilliang such as Sohkynduh-12 villages, Mawkliaw, Mawlam and Pynursla.
“There are also two candidates who have proposed to contest the election including Dr Bahunlang Khron, Assistant Professor at PGT College and Prof Lakhon Thabah, Professor at NEHU. including Bah Ricky Syngkon.
In the year 1859, the Government of Jaintia Hills was appointed to the Government of Jaintia Hills.
Other Rong ki Taw or Tamasa in the past years have not allowed traditional cultures to emerge.
Referring to the government's bias in which the tarajur is only for the Garo people and finally all the political parties who opposed the casino including the Minister of Taxation, He has announced the repeal of the Meghalaya Gaming Act 2021, but as a party or group we do not believe in that statement and if this act is to be repealed it should be introduced by law.
“We don't oppose Hindi.
In consideration of this issue, the Governor has set up a High Power Committee to resolve the shortcomings in the health department in the state last year.
Nehemiah said, “My face shall not be sad, when Jerusalem, the place of my fathers' sepulchres, lies desolate and its gates are burned with fire.
We also told the Director that NEIGHRIMS should first allow the youth from the State in the vacancies at this hospital, and the Director also made it clear that the hospital will allocate 44% of the jobs to them. “You are from the state,” said Donald V Thabah.
Mehbooba has conveyed many of the needs of the people and also to express the problems faced by the people from time to time.
The Navy and NDRF teams are expected to recover the body tomorrow. Meanwhile, 10 water tankers brought from Bhubaneswar have been deployed. Coal India Limited and Kirloskar Brothers have been working together to improve the quality of life in the area.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Lambok Rymbai Vice President of KSU North Khasi Hills District in the presence of Rona Khymdeit, former MDC of Nongpoh, Bah Cores Marweiñ, KSU leaders and other dignitaries.
In the second innings, Efty United XI scored 123 runs in 11.5 overs for the loss of two wickets.
The foundation of truth, If we are united, we will receive it.
“The request of the party is to invite these leaders (VPP leaders) to discuss how to consider the Reservation Policy.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the situation in Manipur is very tense.
Finally, what if we do not obey the counsel of God's people or reject the Word of God?
The Chief Medical Officer of the Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Aman Warr, said that the public should not be stingy as the disease is very quick to spread from one person to another.
The highest number of deaths in Britain was on the 10th, with 980 deaths.
Shillong, March 02 : The Honorary Secretary of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Bah Gideon Kharkongor, has been appointed as the Match Observer for the third T20 International between India and South Africa to be played at Holkar. Stadium in Indore, Madhya Pradesh.
It may have been a drama to impress the supporters by quickly refusing to work with the foreigners.
Two of the deceased were from East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
The group also urged to involve the owners of the area to participate, so that the work can go smoothly in relation to this project.
“Don't say that the VPP's struggle is in vain but we have started to see the results because the Prime Minister has always said that if you want to change the Reservation Policy, go to court. The VPP has to call the Prime Minister to explain this issue and also if you see that those who don't want to talk about this issue because it is sensitive but in this “They talk and this happens when we leave,” said Bah Ardent.
Shangpliang also admitted that more than 2000 party workers in charge of the Mawsynram BJP Mandal have sent their resignation letters to the President of the state and to join the NPP. at the meeting to be held on the 12th of this month at Mawsynram.
In 1987-1990 he served as Assistant Parish Priest of Resurrection Church, Pynursla. In 1988 he studied Audio-Visual for Evangelization at Christu Jyoti, Bangalore.
Because it is different if we compare only Assam in this state if we say that the BJP has won 100% in this state.
The Indian Embassy in Israel on Saturday appealed to all Indians in the country to be vigilant and follow the safety rules due to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of State for Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and the MLA of Mawphlang, Bah Eugene Son Lyngdoh, expressed their happiness to take part in the event. In this tournament, because the holding of such meetings between the Khasi youth brings about love and closeness to share the welfare of the students and those who come to work here. The state of Assam is located in Guwahati.
Shillong, March 29: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District Shillong, on Tuesday announced that Section 144Cr PC has been imposed on any individual, company or others. certified by the MoEF/SEIAA and authorized by the higher authorities.
“The management of the factory has told the PUC that they are ready to produce dewbilat but they cannot sell it to the market because they have not received permission from the State Pollution Control Board (STCB),” he said. said Mr. Chyne.
The group, which includes the youth and elders of the village, also sent a letter of gratitude signed by many of the villagers.
“We don't like any political party or any organization linked to political parties to come to our university,” said Geniuca Majaw.
On this occasion, Bah Renikton said that he will talk to the Prime Minister and if there is such an incident, the State Government should take action.
Various programs were held during the Summer Camp from 19th April to 31st May.
The Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank Ltd.
It has decided that the deaths of prisoners will end only if the ransom reaches a threshold where the State Government will have to pay a high ransom.
The disinfection was conducted in all markets, shops, ATMs and villages.
Asteroid, will pass close to Earth on 10th July 2019, according to NASA and NASA says there is no need to be afraid, because this asteroid, which contains heavy rocks, will It will travel at a distance of 4.55 million miles from Earth and will travel at a speed of 10,400 miles per hour.
“The villagers don't get even 10 percent jobs in the dewbilat companies although in writing they say that 60 percent should be given to the villagers,” he said. it is over because the river and the forests will turn into bih and syllen lut.
Lohe therefore called on the states of the North East to unite against the bill.
Voting is the right of all voters granted by the Constitution of India to cast only one vote each, not more.
The incident which claimed one life and affected six others shows that the government's lockdown has put science and logic aside.
The next morning, the son wrote to his father, “Father, you can plant your rice in this field, which has been dug well by the police and only a few, I can to help you, I'm out of prison.
Should be banned, stop earning.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the NPYF Umroi Block, Samla Pynhun Rynghang, said that the reason for the NPYF Umroi Block to honor Laniewkyrpang Nongrum is because of the The SSLC examination 2022 is not only an honor to the family and the school, but also an encouragement to those who have won the title and honor. many young people from Umroi area and the district as a whole.
What development and what we have been robbed of when in these three years we have been robbed of a government that has increased prices.
East Khasi Hills has dropped to sixth place with only 15 medals (5 gold, 4 silver and 6 bronze).
Anthony has joined the NPP to contest the MDC election from Laitumkhrah constituency after being rejected from the UDP ticket. Secretary of the UDP Shillong City.
According to Jen, the story of the film has appealed to her and that is why she felt ready to sign it.
MPUF Ladrymbai Unit President E Ryndem and General Secretary Bonifast Ryndem in the presence of EJHD President Kyrshan Blah and other MPUF leaders and members. MPUF expressed its gratitude and wishes to the MPUF to continue to help the poor.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell on Monday sent a letter to the Chief Minister and the Minister of Education demanding the establishment of more Common University Entrance Test (CUET) Centers in in the State of Meghalaya.
Punit Bisht scored 250 runs off 263 balls while Wanlambok Nongkhlaw scored 70 runs and through these two Meghalaya tied for 576 runs for the loss of nine wickets.
He said it is the duty of the government to make it strong and efficient in the service of the people.
“Prepare to meet thy God, O Israel” Amos 4:1
Sonowal said that after being elected as the Chief Minister, he went to Gogoi for advice, when he promised to help and advise him on his responsibilities as the Chief Minister. .
So our decisions are always as much as the insights we know how to use them.
Now there are many election moneylenders, while many intellectuals are no longer able to vote.
In conclusion, the HNLC reminded that it has not demanded anything or asked for any part of the state, but its goal is that Hynniewtrep should get its fundamental rights.
The investigation revealed that there were three bullets in his body, namely in the right hand, chest and neck.
It became more and more confused as the Christian religions spread from time to time and it began to promote itself and speak evil of others.
Hep said, "What do you drink?" Lydia asked, “Ap, I'm going to sleep for a while.
He said that the teachers demand that the government should take over only the teaching profession and not the management but the government cannot implement their demand while in other states the government can. collaborate with teachers.
Shillong, July 30: The FKJGP Byrnihat on Tuesday told the Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar that the road from Narbong to Byrnihat in Umtru area is in poor condition and needs to be repaired.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Hamlet said that the villages under the census town no longer receive the JJM scheme as it is reserved for the rural villages.
“We have gone through the legal process because we have had an incident in Them Metor and we don't want to go through the same path because it will delay and the Government will provide assistance and they will become stronger.
In the second half, Nongumlong SC took the lead through Nehlang Kharsahnoh in the 66th minute but Lumdiengjri SC equalized through Borsing Langñuih in the 69th minute. minute and until the end nothing could separate these two teams.
Ma Shaniah said that the protests that the protesters will take this time may not be a mass procession or a sit-in. “We don't have the opportunity for other protests. “The court has not allowed us to call a curfew,” he said.
The robbers killed him by tying him by the hands and feet as well as by the neck and used sharp knives to kill him.
The flame of their love for each other grew rapidly.
On the other hand, the Hyc Padu unit has also spoken to the MLA of the area, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, and he has promised to take action on the shortage of electricity.
The mother and father have nothing to do with the customs and traditions of the Khasi. If the mother and father are Khasi children, the KHADC should have changed and revised the Khasi customs and traditions. The mistake on this method of giving jait only from the mother should be created and allowed to be given to the father and the mother without discrimination against the children who want to give jait to the father or mother as well.
My son went to an English school abroad.
The program was conducted by G Mylliem, Block Development Officer, Amlarem C&RD Block.
In Friday's matches, Pantsulaia Levan (Georgia) defeated Soni Krishan (Delhi).
Furthermore, it was informed that these chairpersons have started performing their duties assigned by the Election Commission of India and these will be the chairpersons for the smooth running of the elections to be held in on 27th June 2023 and anyone who violates the Model Code of Conduct will be punished according to the rules of law, said a statement from the District Election Officer Ri Bhoi.
Regarding the Ordinance, he said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs strongly opposes the Ordinance passed by the government and said that there are provisions in the Ordinance which affect the minority community. He said that the Rangbah Shnongs should issue a certificate to the foreigner within five days and if they cannot issue it, they should respond within the stipulated time.
From the camp, security forces recovered 2 pistols, 2 knives, 2 knives, 4 mobile phones, several lightning bolts and several documents. needs of the organization.
“Tied te un sa plie pan te un sa ai,” said the young boy, taking from the Word of God and adding that they should be humble because God will lift them to the top of the mountain.
On the other hand, the Ri Bhoi Police have denied the allegation that some people have thrown diesel fuel and mobile phones on the road.
Two Bodo youths from Guwahati, Daniel Nongrum, Golden Suchiang, Regina Lamo, Medeora M Umlong, Nelson Kharbani, Vice were present at the launch. -President of HANM. As a sign of the release of the Music Video, all the invitees and the judges released at the same time the Calendar 2020 produced by the film JINGIM which is sold at a price of T. 50 each.
According to a statement sent from Raj Bhavan, during the meeting, the district officials briefed the Governor on the state of peace and order in the district.
The Bible itself says that God created man in His image, and that He breathed into him His spirit, so that man might have a life like that of God. this is what we have: a mortal body, an infinite spirit, an intellect and a conscience.
“We want the State Government to clarify this especially the Minister of Forest and Environment, so that the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep can understand these issues and that our people who work to serve body and soul in the departments “The HYC demands that the State Government should immediately remove the policy of this Government in relation to the officers of the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep,” said the HYC. The above announcement and the appointment of Bah YS Shullai as the Chairman of the State Pollution Control and at the same time we demand the appointment of Bah Hector Marwein as the Chief Secretary of the State Government.
The signing of the 19-year-old has been a mutual benefit for the leading stars of Mumbai City.
We don't think that this life of ours is shaped by those things which we choose of our own free will.
They also recalled that the KSU has been involved in many protests whether it is in the field of education, unemployment of the youth and also in the opposition to the government in many areas. There have been many criticisms against the party but as intelligent leaders we have not hesitated to stand up even in the face of difficulties and persecution for the good of the country and the people.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Robert said that this rule is only for the rich to mine coal because it is impossible that there will be people in the state who cannot afford to mine coal. up to 100 hectares, except for the rich.
The Word of God will fulfill all these things.
The New Shillong Township, which includes the Knowledge City and Administrative City, has already been allocated T.10,000 crore for development works, which will create about 50,000 thousand jobs. empty," the Prime Minister added.
Shillong, Lber 26 : Tura District Cricket Association (TUC) beat South Garo Hills DCA by 212 runs in the Zone 2 of the U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 at Williamnagar.
The union also urges the public not to discriminate against those who have been infected with COVID-19 or to discriminate against the staff of various hospitals such as doctors and nurses.
Books gradually became important in the lives of people from children to the elderly.
“It is not a serious disease if treated at the right time.
Another part of the EM's mention is that there will also be a collection of names from the shop owners as well as the tenants.
Now another group of gig workers has emerged in the State and around the country whom we call “gig workers” such as rapido drivers, home delivery workers and others.
In a video released by the rebel group, it showed 20 soldiers who were sent to the ground before being killed.
After the meeting, Bah Sounder Strong Cajee, President of MCSEPAC, while speaking to media, expressed his gratitude to all the supporters who have given their hands and feet in this MLA election. The TMC Mawkyrwat Block has not reached the goal of victory.
In the complaint, Maliwa said she was assaulted and assaulted by Bibhav Kumar when she went to the Prime Minister's residence.
We also see the death and suffering of our fellow citizens from the consumption of tit.
Similarly, the dates for filling up the registration forms for regular candidates of affiliated/recognized schools, the MBOSE has not given any notification. )from October each year to all these recognized schools to know the deadline for submission of application forms.
“I would like to inform you that after receiving many reports from the Magistrates yesterday and today, it is clear that many people are still smuggling and carrying coal illegally inside the country. district without respecting and obeying the orders of the Supreme Court and NGT and by the actions of these people, it puts the district and police administration in trouble because we all know that at this time we are busy in the fight against u COVID-19, but the exploitation of some rich people who don't think and know anymore about humanity has brought shame to the district as a whole.
The team visited many parts of Nongstoiñ town such as St. Xavier's Secondary School, Public School, Anderson Higher Secondary School, JJM Higher Secondary School, Sibsing Memorial Government Higher Secondary School and others.
Meanwhile, Meghalaya Football Association President Larsing Ming Sawyan said the MFA has decided to promote the MBL after winning the tournament last year.
Sadhu Sundar Singh was a Christian poet from India who was famous in Asia and around the world.
The Prime Minister should understand that the people should improve their income after suffering from the two dams.
Police have advised taxi drivers to be vigilant when driving or picking up passengers as some robbers have taken them.
“Linda is the best of you in friendship...” said Riia. “Of course I am very lucky to have friends like you and Riia who are good-hearted.
Therefore, if the accounts of PayTM and the Prime Minister can be hacked, how can it be that the accounts of thousands of people, who do not know how to create passwords, will be hacked by these hackers. snar paint steal.
Likewise, if a woman who has no children by one husband marries another man, the new husband shall be the children of her husband whom she has not had by another husband.
These places in Bangladesh are places that we as a country and nation should be proud of and should not forget; They are the places where the kings of our country have painted to showcase their great deeds and to this day these places still stand witness to the greatness of the kings of our country and our nation.
Allfond invited all the farmers of Ri Khasi Jaintia and all those who have the spirit to support the farmers to come and take part in this meeting so that with one voice we can demand the abolition of the farmers. syndon the illegal kilogram of rice.
When asked whether the BJP is still willing to cooperate with the NPP, despite their strong criticism of each other during the election campaign, Bah Sanbor said, “In the election, it is not surprising. , the election is the election, in the government we work together, but inside the field we criticize each other and everyone knows, that the UDP criticizes the NPP and the NPP criticizes the UDP. In my constituency, I don't criticize anyone and I haven't invited any of the leading leaders of the party but there are leaders from the constituency itself”.
The Vice Chancellor said that during his one and a half years of work, he has met people from the river, who have planted bridges, ponds and ponds to irrigate crops. There are also various clothes and herbal medicines and these are very important to show around the world and therefore translation is necessary.
The union also urged the forest chief not to rely solely on the reports of the junior officers of the department, but to try to find out the truth himself.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, was the chief guest at the programme.
When inquired from the police, whether the change of route for vehicles going to Shillong will continue until the repair of the bridge is completed.
Many discussions have arisen over the incident which is unknown but it is believed that it may have been caused by a power outage.
According to the UDP leader, the post of Rangbah Shnong is a job of helping without any benefits and the post of Rangbah Shnong of people who are clearer as government employees will make it easier to help the people because they are more aware of the schemes and facilities provided by the government to the people.
and thou shalt plant vineyards upon the mountains of Samaria" Jeremiah 31:4-5
He said the government has called a tender for this, but the government cannot proceed because there is only one company which has submitted the tender.
However, it was learned that in such seizures, public vehicles owned by private individuals have not been paid for three years.
Prestone said the party has issued a strong order that the law should take action to ensure that there will be no disruption before the swearing-in ceremony on the 7th of this month.
The election of the new Dolloi in these Elaka was held after the death of Dolloi including Hepsing Dhar Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka who passed away in 2021 and Wenly Dhar Dolloi of Shangpung Elaka who passed away in year 2015.
in/ is to allow landlords to provide information related to tenants in accordance with the provisions of MRSSA,
Shillong, March 21: The Dorbar Shnong of Jaiaw Laitdom on Tuesday said that the failure to consult with the Mawlai Phudmuri Village Council on the construction of the bridge from Jaiaw Umpoh to Mawlai Phudmuri is a mistake.
Full support for the holding of simultaneous elections will promote activities for economic development and social stability, strengthen the foundation of democracy, and achieve the The purpose of India is to become India.
All the dead are from Assam.
However, the MLA has decided not to support the MP candidate Rajya Sabha if the MDA elects a candidate from the NPP party. If you don't belong to any party, this MLA of KHNAM has also voted or supported such a candidate.
Shillong: Two candidates of the National People's Party (NPP) M Ampareen Lyngdoh from East Shillong Constituency and Jasmine Lyngdoh from Nongthym Mai Constituency have been elected. They have already registered for the election to be held on 27th June 2023, at the office of the Returning Officer of East Shillong Constituency and Nongthymmai Constituency at the DC Office Shillong.
When contacted by Rupang, the family members of the child said that the child died after being raped.
Up to 64 schools including boys and girls have taken part in the tournament.
On the other hand, the members of GHADC expressed the need to raise awareness among the public regarding the digital registration of land.
It is learned that these people who went to be tested for corona virus have given false addresses and phone numbers and it has caused a lot of trouble to the Uttar Pradesh government to find them.
Indian Minister Ram Villas Paswan told NDTV that the ban on plastic products will continue and one of the rules will be cigarette buds.
In the final of the Super Heavyweight 92kg-over category, Sagar of Railways and Jaipal Singh of Punjab.
The celebration was filled with traditional dances and songs by the villages including Loomiongkjam, Panaliar, Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Khynroo Khyllood Committee Jowai, Shlem Hikai Tynre Seiñraij and Seiñtyllilang Ladthaboh.
There has been another case of COVID-19 in Assam from Goalpara district after contact with another person who attended the Nizamuddin Markaz in Delhi.
He also inaugurated the Pico Hydroelectric in the village.
Pravin Bakshi, Director of Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Meghalaya, today sent a letter to the Assam Petroleum Mazdoor Union regarding the assurance to provide security between the suppliers of petrol and oil to the state.
The meeting was led by President Wellson Siangshai, Donkupar Roy Kharkrang, Vice President and other members of the party.
During the meeting, the DC promised to send a correction so that the residents of our village will not have any feelings.
He said the party has to move quickly to announce candidates in JHADC because of the confusion over the intention to divide the constituencies.
If this continues, we are sure that many sorrows will come upon us.
Don't choose lyngkhot lyngkhai anymore because it will not bring good for us.
Dr. AK Nongkynrih, Professor, Department of Sociology, NEHU, spoke on the role of the media in the past 43 years since the independence of Meghalaya.
Reinjoywell Wasrde scored the third goal in the 31st minute while Lastbornson Marwein scored the third goal for Mawten. Ïaidborlang Thongni scored the second goal in the 60th minute.
“Tomorrow we will have a thorough discussion with the Minister of Home Affairs to request him to provide financial assistance to the state to set up Police Stations and Out Posts in those areas where there is a lot of harassment by the police. Assam along the border between Meghalaya and Assam,” said the Principal Secretary.
We also have many employees who face the same problem.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the school authorities, who have been able to organize this sports tournament for the students.
It is difficult but the people are trying their best,” said Bah Paul.
Earlier, the Assam government had advised the Assamese not to travel to the state for their own safety.
He said that the Taxi Drivers Association in East Khasi Hills does not want to create divisions among the communities, but should reach an agreement to find the best way that will not affect anyone. .
On the other hand, the Managing Director of the company, Dharamsey Pallicha, said that the area is very fertile in terms of agricultural products but the farmers should get support in the form of loans from banks. .
However, they need to understand that the responsibility lies with them in the marriage relationship far beyond this.
He will take up their case against you" Proverbs 22:28 / 23:10-11.
Delhi, November 24: The Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA) of the Government of India will hold the India Smart Cities Conclave 2023 at the Brilliant Convention Center in Indore, Madhya Pradesh on 26-27 November
The Principal also expressed her gratitude to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for visiting the venue, various leaders, officers, office bearers of various churches, the managing committee of The school, students and others who came to extend their condolences.
Through this inspection, these people who visited these cigarette shops, gave training on the provisions of the AinCOTPA, especially on sections 4 and 5, as well as section 6 (A) & (B) and section 7, which prohibits smoking in public places, smoking to children under the age of 18 and prohibiting the sale of tobacco in schools.
During the raid, six armed militants opened fire on the soldiers and police, but at that time they turned away, and after a short fighting, the militants managed to defeat the soldiers. fled on the two motorcycles they used.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that there are 2192 students including those who have worked across the states of India and urged them to continue to work. Therefore, I would like to ask you to stay in those places where you are currently because of the Corona Virus.
It is worth mentioning that the reason why the residents of these six villages have protested against this private person known as Aisail N.Sangma, is because according to the documents received. to seize by the village, it was clear that this person who intended to sell two small plots of land, while in the documents he sent for the land, which amounted to 654 acres and which has also included the villages in the area and which has shown that they are merely fraudulent.
He said that other issues that the government needs to take as firm foundations, that the land should fall under Meghalaya are schools and the availability of development projects. Mawshynrut C&RD Block has been implementing the scheme for 100 days.
On the other hand, the MPCC President also congratulated all the Congress leaders and office bearers who have worked hard in the mid-term elections.
He said that since 1988, the party has been standing on the basis of opposing the railway line into the state because the party sees far that there will be infiltration of villagers and smuggling of mynder into this country. milk and honey.
NOC from the Superintendent of Taxes, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoiñ pursuant to letter No.ST/WKH/NG-207/2023-24/193 dated 1/09/2023 issued by the Commissioner of Taxes, Government of Meghalaya .
Hebrews 9:11-28.
In Nongkrem constituency, there are five candidates: HS Shylla of UDP, Hubert Riang of HSPDP, Lambor Nongrum of Congress, Edar Lyngdoh Nongbri of KHNAM and Mimi Nongkhlaw of BJP. There are 13 candidates including 4 candidates from Mairang constituency, 5 candidates from Mawthadraishan constituency and 4 candidates from Rambrai constituency.
“MDA leader Conrad K Sangma has resigned as Chief Minister after the party's sister Agatha Sangma supported the CAB,” Leningstar said. Other political parties that support the MDA have not withdrawn from the MDA which means that they too support the CAB and the people should warn all the incumbent MLAs in the 2023 elections.
Royalpole beat Samaro 4-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
However, even though we are living in the midst of these changes, let us take responsibility for the responsibility of parents to their children to be fulfilled in order to produce children who are worthy to become citizens who can build a house. A wise mother gives birth to a child according to her purpose, plan and understanding.
Bah Jodi Syiemlieh, one of the fish farmers from Umthied Lawkasoin, said that this month it was found that all the fish kept in the ksing have died. Not only the fish that he kept, but all the fish that kept in the village also died without knowing the reason.
Shillong, Naitung 09 : The Director General of Police, LR Bishnoi, IPS together with the Chiefs of Police of East Khasi Hills District have met with the village leaders of various villages at Lumpyllon Community Hall, Jaiaw Shyiap. on many topics including peace and order, drugs and how to avoid traffic jams.
The statement, signed by Hoping, is the HSPDP's explanation of Witting's remarks to the media that the HSPDP has requested Ardent M Basaiawmoit not to hold a meeting. on the 19th of this month at Student Square but he did not listen. They are unfounded and untrue but only his personal feelings, and the explanation was signed in the name of Bah Hoping.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 31,000 and the death toll to 1,0
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, through its General Secretary, Samla Sanatomba Bamon and President, Bah KS Suchiang, demanded that the government should take action to repair the bridge immediately. on the border so that it will not cause too much trouble to the people in traveling and transporting goods.
Some of the scriptures say; “On 11.12.2019 when the CAB was amended to the CAA, it was a dark day for the indigenous people of the North East, and a bright day for the illegal immigrants. pictures
Besides, they demanded that the company constructing the road should immediately inform the government authorities or the village headmen of Pynursla area when there are such incidents so that the necessary measures can be taken.
The first place went to the Ferrando Speech and Hearing Center with 165 points, while the Discipline Team went to the School and Hearing Center for Hearing Handicapped Children.
It is also a demand to stop the illegal implementation of the Roster System.
Regarding the explanation of Bah Ardent, we hear that the Executive Committee through the Registration Authority of KHADC has approved these registrations which are against the Riti u Khasi and the Khasi Lineage Act at the time. They were the CEMs and they were also in the time of Bah PN Syiem.
On the order of the Meghalaya High Court to deploy 10 pyrtons of Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) personnel to curb the smuggling and illegal mining of coal, Prestone said the State Government has written to the Central Government. According to the court's order to send the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) and now the CAPF, he did not know whether the Central Government would provide these security forces.
Ajay also asked why other ethnic groups do not participate in the Dorbar Shnongs, which shows that they are not undemocratic.
Shillong: After winning the India's Got Talent award in 2010, the Shillong Chamber Choir (SCC) has become increasingly popular these days.
During these two days, the competitions include information competition, tyrko nia, traditional dance and song competition, guitar competition and talent show.
This price will be effective today at 6pm.
Jowai, June 28: The KVK, Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the Agricultural Technology Management Agency (ATMA), West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday held a 'Kisan Bhagidari' Prathmikta Hamari Campaign is part of the 75th Anniversary of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav at KVK Campus Wahiajier.
He said that so far there have been no new cases of Covid-19 in the state and Meghalaya has been free of Covid-1
"Yes," said the mother. Maheh was filled with joy and decided to start visiting the Rangbah Shnong's house to get closer.
“We are against the government's decision to build a 40 meter road when there is no old road,” she said.
" Furthermore, he said, "There are hundreds of thousands of witnesses.
He said that after receiving information from the Central Government, the State Government is now looking into the MRSSA, and discussions with various leaders on this issue will be held soon.
He stressed that the traditional beliefs in democracy must be maintained in order to strengthen democracy in rural areas.
However, the Government has been very slow and has not given us the pension we have demanded,” he said.
Police have seized 16 mobile phones and iPads from these four persons.
There have been 179 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
People do things just to please themselves.
“When I look at you bah bah, you are able to do this job because you are smart and sting,” said the mother's friend. They left the restaurant and paid Rs 500/- for the meal.
This should have been one of the issues to be discussed during the elections.
The song was sung by Mewanbha Sawian and the music was composed by Mewan E Nongsteng.
These two men came to arrest only with their bodies without any weapons.
The Khasi and Pnars have not yet learned to sleep.
In the 2nd Division, Jongksha beat Raitsamthiah 4-1
New Delhi: India has lost 1,540 sq km of forest cover from 2019 to 2021, according to a survey from 2019 to , which has affected 11 states, according to the Forest Survey of India (FSI).
In the second service, the service was concluded with the sacrament and the Word of God was distributed by Rev Father Sylvester Nongsiej.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, N.Dkhar, one of the leaders of the teachers' group, said that the decision was taken to protest against the Assistant Director of NIOS Regional Center Guwahati, Piyush Prasad. He said that he would issue a new resolution within 10 days on the 24th of this month.
She urged the children to spread the knowledge they have gained from this program so that those who need assistance or assistance can go to this clinic.
“I am not the only one who has been elected, but there is another candidate from Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Kevin John Khyllait,” said Maitshaphrang.
Pelcy was also the leader of the Mahila Morcha of the BJP in the state.
They are allowed only to visit schools for those subjects that need teachers.
She said that until now the disease is still one of the most dangerous diseases and the government has set a target to eradicate the disease by 2030 and Ri-Bhoi The district is on the road to eradicating the disease, and all this is because the government has set a target through the surveillance workers, ASHAs and increased the distribution of drugs to kill the disease and They are not allowed to enter the area where the disease is still alive.
In all cases, charges shall be prepared within 7 days of the first hearing.
The KSU leader said that after the meeting, the DC told them that he would call a meeting with the BSF and the SP of East Khasi Hills to discuss the matter and after the meeting he would inform. to the leadership of the organization.
“The protest programs will affect the income of the poor but all this is due to the silence of the government,” said the LKKH. Shillong, Nailur 1: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, has tried to create trouble in order to incite the political parties to implement the ILP demand. The foundation stone for the construction of the Kashari House in Nongpoh was laid on Saturday.
Shillong: U Trinamool Congress MLA from Mawsynram, Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang has urged the state government to introduce relief measures for the farmers in the state, following the outbreak of the disease. terrify the trees.
The Parish Priest of Byrnihat Parish was also present at the opening ceremony to bless this hospital which will be a great blessing and benefit to the people who will receive health services. .
On the same day, a service was held to honor the Lord as part of the celebration of CHRISTMAS and the youth of the Society participated in various songs as well as the children of Childrens. Home.
The distribution was led by Cheimiki Laloo, Team Leader of Grassroots Shillong.
In fact, the case is still pending in court and they cannot transport or trade coal until the court issues an order.
The lesson of this story is, “There is nothing wrong with happiness.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his delight to open the Multiplier Pig Farm, a project which has been implemented in the country. The project was successful through the cooperation of all stakeholders such as the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department, PWD and others, the Sordar of Mawsawa, the land owners and the residents of Mawsawa.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 2,553 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 42,5
Rohan Rai tied for 37 runs from 35 balls while Mukhramul H Sarkar tied for 28 runs from 44 balls while Doril June Pathaw took five wickets for 16 runs in 3.3 overs. Arnold Shadap took two wickets for 27 runs in four overs.
The best fighters in this tournament are: Senior Men.
The post mortem was conducted at SMS Hospital, Jaipur and the body was taken by ambulance to Delhi for transportation to Meghalaya the next day. .
This nation has no strong foundation in its language, religion, customs, ethnicity, ethnicity, land ownership, judgment, and established Hima. and u Blei Trai is right.
Matthew 24:21 / Matthew 24:32.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) has conducted a 15 day training for the residents of 7 villages in Jaintia Hills District. West Jaintia Hills District.
On this basis, they said that they are not against the Government's announcement of the Agneepath scheme but their demand is to conduct the CEE examination so that they can join the Indian Army.
Shillong: The Hima Sohra, in a statement to the media at the Shillong Press Club, on Tuesday announced that according to the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya to allow foreigners to apply for Trading License, “It's not like we're going to be able to do that,” said Bah BV Rymmai, Secretary of the Hima.
Map kynum, it's not that I'm doing it.
He said that at that time, the UDP won only six seats, the PDF won four, the HSPDP only two and KHNAM only one.
This bridge is used by trucks, pickups and commercial vehicles from Barato, Mukroh, Saba, Maitdein, Iongkynshur, Iongkwang and Thangrain to get medicines at Laskein. CHC and other works and to Jowai.
When we looked back at the Khasi speech not only in the dorbar or in the public meetings of the government or of the people's organizations and unions, it was found that it is still a challenge because many of them are stupid or even stupid. teachers of the Khasi language are not able to speak fully only in their mother tongue.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo, on Tuesday issued an order directing all land vendors to move away from the footpaths and streets. roadside shops as it has disrupted the traffic of the people and vehicles in Shillong.
The Government should therefore provide special training to the senior officers to improve their good manners, simplicity and politeness. use of relevant languages, responsibilities, transparency, accountability of activities and fairness without discrimination fairness in the running of public affairs.
The two Rangbah Shnongs, RS Wahsarang and RS Lumshken, said that no one has been working on the road for more than six months.
On the other hand, Bah Michael Lyngdoh in his speech said that on 16-01-2023 after informing the wildlife people, they said that they would come and they sent to wait for the elders. of the neighborhood but they did not come.
In his speech, Bah Pala recalled the principles on which the Congress stands especially to include all in the country.
The program was held at the office of the party in Nongkwar under the leadership of Bah Banpynbiang Riang, member of the unit.
Encouraging the public not to be afraid to take the COVID-19 vaccine, Dr.DD Lapang, said that such diseases have happened in the country. all the years that have passed and have been able to destroy them only through Tika.
“This is a drop from the 20,000 poor who received assistance from such golden opportunities before 2014,” he said.
Kohima: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has emerged in Nagaland.
Fairborn Lyngdoh scored two goals for the team in the 24th and 32nd minutes, followed by Andrew Paswet in the 36th minute and Nickhil Lyngkhoi in the 47th minute.
Through this Group, the public will also have the opportunity to express, ask questions and comfort themselves.
" Men Kpa said. Bah Shanbor took me into a shop.
Obram Sumer (59) scored the first goal for Panaliar. Iawmulong Nartiang will play against Khliehingriang while West Madan Mustem will play against Mookyndur.
The program was enriched by the performances of the women, youth and children of the Dorbar Shnong Ïalong.
Even the food items, I asked in those months from the shops that the price of rice in Resubelpara was T.31 while here in Shillong it was T.44.
You are a man, you are a byrsieh.
The Federation of Khasi States, the Federation of Khasi States, the Sirdarships, the Dolloi and the Council of Nokmasna Ri Lum North East India, send their condolences on the sudden passing away of Ma K Comet Rymbai, Dolloi Jowai District, on 19th 2014, who has also held the post of Vice Chairman, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and Vice Chairman, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Meghalaya. Hynniewtrep.
The list of candidates released by the AICC General Secretary KC Venugoal shows that there are 39 candidates approved by the AICC including Bah Pala and Saleng.
Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, the candidate of the Indian National Congress, has increased his number of votes from day to day.
Dangri Phawa scored two goals for Madankynsaw Mookyndeng in the 18th and 67th minutes.
Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Department of Health and Family Welfare in his speech expressed the need to take appropriate measures on the issues related to the treatment of chronic diseases.
However, if all the residents of Shillong come out to clean up these streams, it will be a blessing.
Indian cricketer Richa Ghosh, who is also a wicketkeeper and batsman, has continued to dominate her career; especially in the semifinals of the Women's T20 World Cup in Cape Town.
It cannot be said that even until now, it has never been heard that the residents of the villages who have fish ponds produce fish for export to the market.
As mentioned above, alcohol can be detected while drinking but drugs cannot. Therefore, the first step is for the parents or relatives to monitor and evaluate the behavior. and of the children of thy hands.
In the third division, Green Age and Nongrah had to share 10 points after a 2-2 draw.
The University of Gauhati recognized the Khasi language in
After the investigation, it was found that three bullets were fired at the vehicle.
“I have seen in the media that education is declining in our State and such news is affecting and sad and we have to fight to preserve the dignity,” he said. students to be diligent in their studies with obedience and respect for their parents, teachers and elders.
The total number of voters in Raid Shabong is 4,0
“However, we express our dissatisfaction because those 41/42 entry and exit gates mentioned by the previous government have only one which has been prepared to start the work. We want the government to immediately stop and start building the gates. If we don't just give reasons, we will build our own gates. We understand that it is a new government, new people but the officers who have taken over are the same, we will continue to monitor and if we don't see any signs we will set up our own gates,” said Lambokstar Marngar.
“More than 11 lakh people have been vaccinated against COVID-19 and therefore I urge the village leaders to explain and take their part to explain to the people,” he said.
Himanta Biswa, Chairman of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) spoke about the Arun Uday Scheme which has been fully implemented in Assam.
On the occasion, Ma Nujorki Sungoh expressed his desire to bring about development in the constituency.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 569 new cases have been confirmed and there are 4534 active cases in the state.
Nine border villages have written to the Regional Committee that they do not want to be in Meghalaya and want to go straight to Assam.
The KSU has strongly warned the Longkmie Gas Agency not to reduce the number of gas tanks that should reach the homes of the residents of Laban.
Police have registered a case under Sections 419/420/511/364A/384/340/34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, June 11: U Prestone Tyndong, State President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday slammed the leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) led by Ardent. That the VPP leaders when speaking publicly at meetings always accuse all parties of being guilty and right only the Prah party.
When the Minister heard about all these problems, he promised to the residents as well as to the employees of the department that he will take up this issue to bring about changes and improvements in due course.
The Sengbhalang has intensified its protest to force the government to implement the ILP in the state.
All these show whether the nation is backward or not.
They shall not be able to be led by him who sees the sun and the moon.
Speaking to media, HM Shangpliang, Convener of the BJP Committee on the Roster System, said, “We support the order of the High Court on the cut-off date, but we don't say to implement from previous years or going forward; but we want the Government to take a decision and if the Government does not, it should be by the Legislative Assembly.
She is indeed a hard working child and she is very poor about her role as a student.
With the concluding speech of the Lamphang, Bah Adelbert also listened and did not speak anymore, and there was a stir in the House.
Adding to his speech, Bah Renikton suggested that it is no longer the time to look at the dress of others but to think again. to improve their jobs through new discoveries that young people have made and to do so through their attendance at training centers to become more skilled in the field of sewing and weaving .
He said that this is the act of the robbers, whom he suspects to be from Laitumkhrah. 'I suspect that they are from Laitumkhrah. He said that the suspicion of the people to leave the village is because some people are angry and angry with the Rangbah Shnong especially for not allowing them to open wine stores. “Lehse Police are investigating to find the people involved,” said Bah Bruce. u Rupees.
The singer of this song, Gracyl Ropmay said, “My heartfelt congratulations to the Honorable Prime Minister, Bah Conrad.
Another reason is that despite the influx of factories to consume more electricity, Meghalaya has not produced enough electricity to meet the needs.
Besides the hunting, the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur has also warned the people not to cut trees from the boundary of the Village Forests of Wapungskur. persons who are not allowed to throw garbage within the boundary of the Village Forests of Wapungskur Village.
Confirming this, Director General (Prison) Kulbir Kishan said the incident happened on Tuesday morning inside the jail where the GNLA leader was arrested.
Shillong: The Kshaid Youth Development Association (KYA) has organized a two day football tournament on the 14th and 15th July, 2019 for Under 10 children. -14 and Rangbah, which was named “1st Independence Football Tournament Inter Block/Dong”.
The SP said the incident happened at 5:40 pm.
Moodymmai beat HUCC by 18 runs in the final of the Open T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA).
Jowai, Nailur 6: The Special Team of WJH Police in collaboration with the Ummulong Police Station, this morning arrested two persons involved in the robbery of a truck driver at Petrol Pump, Mukhla Umsuwe.
The 2011 census of Assam shows that there are 3.29 crore people in the state.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has strongly criticized the media for its tendency to defame the North East as a hotbed of terrorist activities.
They also voted in Meghalaya.
In this Election 2013, the people will see many performances of the strongmen who will contest.
Shillong: The number of cases and deaths from Covid-19 in the state has risen to 246 today. 19 and 6 deaths.
He will fulfill Satan's desire to become a god for a long time.
Contempt of House – A contempt of House for speaking or uttering words that are against the sanctity of the House of Lords at the level of the village, raij or hima, including in the dalariti or dorbar. Thawaiñ State.
I felt that the Spirit of God had come upon me and from that day on, I was strong in my faith even though I had to walk and encounter many forces of darkness on my path. you are my life.
He said to spread ideas is to imitate what students in other states like Delhi, Gujarat, Bihar and so on are studying.
“It is sad because I joined this party with the intention of working for the good of the state and for the people,” he added.
“However, what I want to say here is that the people have already experienced the rule of the Congress party for decades now, in which the whole of India has been ruled by the Congress party for a long time. “But the people should judge what the Congress has done,” said Bindo.
He said that on his part, he agrees with Bah AL Hek that the party will nominate MPs from Shillong and Tura if it does not reach an agreement to have a joint candidate among the party. MDA. “For the MDC, we have been prepared but we cannot say how many candidates will contest,” said Bah Shibun.
There were many issues to be discussed in the state, whether in terms of various projects, issues related to the Marathwada Water Grid Project, issues related to water in Konkan and I've been contacted by the farmers," said Shinde.
I'm the one who sat down before the Karbi here.
When inspecting these collection centres, it was found that vehicles coming from Tripura, Assam, Karimganj and even Hojai, Karbi-Anglong come to carry Sohsaw from these collection centres.
Khliehriat, Nailar 30: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Zone has demanded that the government should build a four lane road from Jowai Bypass to Ratacherra for the convenience of the people in the state. Jaintia Hills and also to avoid the landslides that happen from time to time in Sonapur, because this is the only way to prevent the daily traffic jam and it is time to improve. This road is located in Jaintia Hills.
In addition, the 'smam' congestion of this city, which was built without a sign, has increased.
The name of the Lakadong Sports Association (ELSA) was announced at the Executive Committee meeting of the Elaka held on the 6th of this month at Umlatdoh.
Hilar Thabah completed 4 overs for 12 runs and took 3 wickets while Cavin K Wanniang completed 4 overs, tied for 18 runs and took 3 wickets. .
Bah Bok said that his wife is strong.
The Word of God says – “Whoever believes in Jesus will never perish.
Before the burning of the tyngshop, a short meeting was held in which speeches were delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Shella, Bah Readerforce Sarubai. He said that he is ready to cooperate with the party on this issue.
After inquiring about the shortage of Home Guard Police in the driving of vehicles today, this reporter found that the reason is that many of them have been found at night while standing in line for salary at Mawdiangdiang.
The District Magistrate has requested that all those who have entered the bank, to stay at home for about 10 days, by listening to their health and if they feel If you have any questions, please contact the District Control Number 03638232028/1077 or the Helpline Number
Nongpoh, June 15: The Ri-Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) has decided to hold a meeting with the Ri-Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) to improve the safety and security of the pedestrians along the 4th Road in Ri-Bhoi. ) has demanded that the government should build toilets in some parts of the 4-lane road and the Shillong By-pass.
He said that the establishment of such training centers will help other students from poor families to sit for the matric examination, as most of the poor do not have the opportunity to attend tuition due to the high price. .
The program was held at JN Sports Complex, Polo where Bah Samborlang Diengdoh and Kong Khamti Massar (Sports Promoters Meghalaya) were the chief guests who handed over the jerseys to the players.
New Delhi, Nailar 26: Sonia Gandhi, the top leader of the Congress party, has left Parliament at 8.15 pm today, accompanied by her son, U. Rahul Gandhi, along with Minister Kumari Selja.
The race will start at 6 pm from the Indoor Stadium Saiden and end at the Indoor Stadium Nongpoh. The race will be divided into Junior (under 16 years) and Senior (16 years and above). The winners will receive 5,000 for the first place, 3,000 for the second place and 2,000 for the third place and 5 consolation prizes of T.1000/-Na PHE Nongpoh is invited to register at the office of the Superintending Engineer of PHE Nongpoh before the 20th of this month during working hours.
On the same evening, the Acting Dolloi of Nartiang, Rimeo Rymbai, lodged a complaint with the police that at 4:15 pm, while the priests were performing the rituals at Wah Myntang, a man who Don Sumer, known as Don Sumer, created a stir and warned Donkhian Phyllut and other members of the village.
"I'm sorry for you Hep and that young pastor," said the brother. "It's good for you when you get home," said the sister.
After being tied for the first time without losing the toss, Nagaland Women were restricted to 74 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 35 overs.
He also explained how the OST works in Mawkyrwat and that people can get help from the OST in Mawkyrwat only those who have received treatment from Shillong because at present there is no Psychiatrist.
Ishan Pandita, Lara Sharma (signed from Bengaluru FC) and chess player Jaushua Sotirio from Newcastle Jets FC have also been signed. This time, they have not been able to play well in the Durand Cup where their journey has come to an end only in the group stage where they have won only once out of four matches.
The football tournament was organized by the Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) at Tyrsad Stadium.
The CCIB also requested the District Council not to issue NOC or Trading License to any company that takes up the signage industry.
Nongpoh, July 05: Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem today handed over the work order to the Nongpoh Constituency to improve the education of the school children. St. Joseph Higher Secondary School, Umden for the purchase of 10 computers at a cost of 3 lakh tyngka through the SRWP scheme for the year 2022-2
We must not overthrow the rule of law and promote rule and justice.
He is the son of Mr. Tenderson Myrthong and Mrs. Delbidaris Lyngdoh Langrin.
Besides these troops, there is a platoon of CRP and SF 10, which are patrolling Shillong.
When there is any injustice in the government, the people should not blame the government, but should blame themselves first because without the people there will be no government.
Six years later, the house of Dorsingh Marwein and his wife Elizabeth Lyngdoh, the house of Borsingh Marwein and his wife Saphila Lyngdoh, were moved into the village.
“We have rejected it and we want to replace it with another one,” said one of the Parliamentary Secretaries who did not want to be named.
There is Lyngdoh (acting)
“Moving forward, we’ve learned through mistakes and from the challenges we face and we can’t deny the reality and there are so many involved and so many types of activities happening all over the place but we “We have to bring together these 10 places and we have to go through a special program with the goal we have,” said the Minister.
The competition was held at the Lukha River Festival in Umpasu Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills District last month.
“The government should be vigilant that Meghalaya has got its own state by dividing it into two districts, including the United Khasi Hills and Garo Hills, which falls outside the state of Assam.
Finance Secretary – Fasterki Sana.
Agreeda Lapasam, daughter of Wanbor Suchiang and Bhakam Lapasam, residents of Sahsniang, West Jaintia Hills District, has received her Doctor of Philosophy degree (Ph.D.
Arrangements have also been made to bring adequate water tanks to the households of this village to make it easier for them rather than having to fetch water from distant sources.
Not only that, it was reported that the village authorities can only provide masks and food for the village guards, but they cannot provide hand sanitizers, because they are expensive. bad that you need to that bun spah bitor.
The earth shall reveal her bloodshed, and shall no more hide her slain.
However, the other 2 parties got Zero or Duck.
Ma Nujorki Sungoh, regarding the tourism sector, urged the people to cooperate with the government departments and to renew their mindset on how to welcome foreigners and attract them to stay in Jaintia Hills. still many beautiful tourist attractions.
Ri Bhoi District has five constituencies including Nongpoh, Jirang, Mawhati, Umsning and Umroi. Referring to the candidates announced by the parties, only 3 candidates have been announced by the party including Bah Badhok Nongmalieh from the UPD. Rosweel Shadap of the PDF and Iva Kharbani of the HSPD.
The election roll will be on the following dates. According to the announcement, from 31st July 2022 to 16/9/2022 are the dates for registration of voters, then on The draft electoral roll will be released on the 29th of April 2022 and from 29/10/2022 to 15/11/22 will be the dates for receipt of registration, correction of nominations and any complaints. Form 1, Form 1A and Form 1B can be obtained from the office of the Electoral Registration Officer, Rymbai Doloiship, JHADC and the cost of the forms is T2 other.
Hearing the reply from the EM, Rona said that this is not the first time that the District Council has been forgotten but it was not informed during the visit of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. He visited the traditional village at Mawphlang which is under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
The Dy.Commander in Chief, Zen Robert Ch.
This treatment includes the repair of the wound and covering the wound with plants harvested from the forest.
Earlier, Manipur had managed to keep the first innings tied for two days by scoring only two runs per over.
The incident happened at 3:30 pm at Mookyndur, West Jaintia Hills when an Alto 800 heading to Jowai collided with a petrol truck.
From the Editor & Publisher and all the staff of Rupang.
Shillong, Lber 29: The State Government has not been willing to revive the khalai nusip after it has been suspended for many years.
“I don't want to say anything, it's a personal decision,” she said when asked how she feels about this.
Bhansali has been preparing the story of the film for more than two years and this year he announced that it will be shot in the summer months.
Canada in recent months has accused India of involvement in the killing of Khalistan militants within Canada's border in recent months. .
Bommai expressed his gratitude to the party followers and leaders as well, and expressed his gratitude to the Cabinet for working together to improve the work of the government.
He said that the lawyers of HNLOCTPA from Shillong did not go to New Delhi to attend the Supreme Court hearing on 21st November 2017, but they did not want to raise issues or politicize the case. Sonny L Khyriem, Chairman, SCCCOMDF, Shillong, said in a statement.
The meeting was attended by the Assistant Commissioner, MCS, Dr. Rita Pohrmen, Incharge Jowai. Dr.P.Shylla, Blood Bank staff and blood donors.
The MDA meeting on the 4th is very important to decide who will take over the post of Lamphang as the dorbar synrai will be held on the 6th and will end on the 13th of this month.
If we count other teachers, the number will increase significantly excluding Government school teachers and those teaching in private schools.
The CEM said that the allocation for this year is 329,07,00,710 tyngka (329.07 crore) while the expenditure is 329,02,67,300 tyngka (329.02 crore). .
He expressed his surprise how the headmaster could get a contract in his name to build the school building.
Philip D Shira has been appointed as Area Commander of RESU,” said the police chief.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) Spokesperson, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, on Tuesday said that the party has expelled several party leaders on the grounds that the party wants to have discipline in the party. party.
On the same night, the PDF also elected its leaders and elected Pynshngain N Syiem as its chairman, Neil Antonio War as its secretary and Process T Sawkmie as its leader. The decision of the meeting was that all the members of the PDF should arrive at the dorbar in order, and should unite without hesitation. each other, and to confirm the promise and oath, which they had made that night, they signed their names.
Speaking to media, Bah Mayral Born Syiem Chairman of the State Health Advisory Board said that the meeting was fruitful after discussing many issues related to the development of the health sector. especially the services to be provided to the people who have also been informed before the Minister.
Shillong: The Association for Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) in Tura has approved the appointment of MS Rao as the new Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
This Government is a very clever Government to ask the Central Government for a lot of money. However, in terms of development and growth, this Government has achieved a lot of money. .
Speaking on the occasion, Fenela said she has not left politics but is not ready to contest the election this time although some people have come to talk to her.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 01: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday continued its election campaign in Umyiap constituency which was held at Riewblei Square in the middle of Umyiap constituency. tam in the state.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these three schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers as usual from time to time and at the distribution point, instruct everyone to stand at least one meter apart in line.
Anti-influx groups have demanded the Conrad K Sangma-led MDA government to immediately implement the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) for checking influx and illegal immigration into the state.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the allegation that the Congress is friends with the NPP is a misconception.
On the other hand, the DC has promised to remove all the illegally erected gates.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chancellor of USTM, M.Hoque said that USTM is very proud of PA Sangma, because PA Sangma has played a great role in the development of the country. He is the founder of the USTM and he is also a visionary for the future of the youth in the state.
This is also a matter that the people should know, which Dr. Mukul and many others don't know, because it is a constitutional law, which they suddenly know when they know that there is a law. at the door.
He said that many of the residents have come to the VPP to inform the PWD authorities about the progress in the construction of this road.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these goods, they can complain to the office of the S.D.O (Supply) by writing clearly their name and village so that they will be notified. 576 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and 8 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1133 in the state on Friday.
The United Kingdom will resume implementing the mask rule in shops and public places from Tuesday, said Sajid Javid, Secretary to the United Kingdom. the government of England.
Two bodies of two foreigners identified as Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta were found in Ichamati and Dalda areas, police said.
The source said that the robbers also stole T.600 tyngka and a camera worth T.6000 tyngka from the room of the Headmistress.
To prevent individuals or groups from discriminating against the disabled, we request the MHRC to take action and provide an expeditious judgment in this regard.
Robin Naiya, along with seven others, left their village with the intention of going to work in Andhra Pradesh and traveled by Coromandel Express.
When police inquired about the driver of the truck, he said that he was not inside the truck because he fell in the middle of the road.
The farmers will start talking to farmers across the country from 6th July to 20th July 2021 to invite the people of the country to take part in the march on 26th July
Speaking as the chief guest, C.Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District said that the fishing industry is not an easy job but as fishermen we have to have the strength and ability. of them to do or jump.
He said that last year, the police department registered 46 cases of road accidents in which 40 people were killed and 15% seriously injured.
The cause of the incident was said to be that the driver of the transformer could not control the transformer. Fortunately, it did not hit the transformer but there may have been a death. .
“The actions of the Lamphang are the main reason for the dissolution of the EC,” said Bah Teinwel.
He said they are going to talk to strengthen relations between Israel and Turkey and Palestine will also go to strengthen relations between Palestine and Turkey, despite the conflict between the Palestinian Authority and Turkey. two countries (Israel and Palestine) as seen from time to time.
He enrolled those who graduated from school and gave training on how to farm, plant fruits, fish and market them.
Real Madrid players and staff immediately surrounded Manzano and Bellingham, who complained that he had been denied the goal. I don't have a Red Card.
In West Jaintia Hills there are 26 male candidates, in North Garo Hills there are 24 male candidates and in West Khasi Hills there are 21 male candidates.
The Chief Minister also told Dr Pokhriyal, Minister of Education, Government of India, that the state has a goal to train the youth in one of the skills that they have.
In the 19th and 19th centuries, during the Reformation movement, doubts arose again.
“We don't want to repeat that incident that year, but we want the government to help and think of the victims who were injured in that incident,” said the statement.
Saikia said that people from Assam are being harassed over the checking of documents and other facts on their names in the NRC. He said that there are students from these places who harass people from Assam.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has suspended all the ongoing and planned survey works in the areas within the District Council boundary.
Scientists say that in such a case, the moon's orbit comes closer to Earth and in such an event, there is a stirring of the sea water and even that the bodies heaven, they shall be removed from the place where they used to be.
As it is written in the Bible, so God will fulfill it.
US President Joe Biden told reporters on Tuesday that he and his administration are looking into whether they can use force. and many laws to completely close the Southern border with Mexico to prevent the illegal entry of refugees across this part of the Mexico-United States border. States.
The Contractors Association has expressed its dissatisfaction with the sudden increase in the price of dewbilat. The GS said that besides receiving a lot of money, they are trying to reduce the price.
Therefore, the government cannot do anything else because all the vacant posts have been appointed.
We pray that he will recover from this injury.
The 2nd Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 will be held from 17th to 19th June at Dommawlum Playground. Mairang's voice.
The third team in the tournament is East Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the Minister acknowledged that there is a shortage of personnel in the police department to fight against crime and insurgency in the state. Take this decision to strengthen the police department.
He said that there were 719 candidates for the examination to fill the 180 vacancies in
The death of the policeman while he was running step, happened on a village road in Downgate village in Nongpoh Proper, where the policeman while running, suddenly collapsed. He was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital, but when he arrived at the hospital, the doctors pronounced him dead.
Then, in 1887, the Cherra Theological College was founded.
RYMBAI: The Minister of Revenue, Social Welfare and others, Kyrmen Shylla, has handed over two garbage trucks to Rymbai and Sohmymphor villages on Tuesday.
The 11 youths including five Khasi youths who took part in the competition include Khrawbor Mawnai (20), Pynshngaiñ Kurbah (17), Bishnu Sharma (16), Indra Sharma (12). Dameshwa Kurbah (16), Mebanjop Kharkrang (16), Gilbert Kharkrang (21), Payaskhem Kurbah (17), Vikas Rana (20) and Kyrshanborlong Khyriem (20). year).
Regarding the collapse of the Dwarskuid Bridge, the Government has banned the passage of heavy vehicles and even the District Magistrate has already banned the passage of heavy vehicles. Section 144 CrPC has been passed to ban only vehicles carrying less than 10 MT and it is through these signs that the government is ready to build a new bridge for the safety of the people in you're looking for you.
For now, this is enough, if anyone doesn't agree with this chairman or wants to clarify, we are ready to explain and discuss face to face.
At the same time, he appealed to the people of Mawtawar to elect him again as MLA, so that he can continue to monitor and implement the works he has started in Mawtawar such as PHC and many others. development works that the village needs.
Similarly, the government needs to improve to address any problems that may be encountered before the curfew is completely lifted, as it has created mechanisms to ensure the delivery of food items and others. other needs in the past.
Speaking to some of the shopkeepers, they admitted that most of the BSF, when they carry goods from Pynursla, Shillong, they accuse them of coming from Bangladesh or intending to go to Bangladesh.
Furthermore, the Court has the power and duty to provide justice to those victims of such disasters; and it also has the responsibility to reveal to the world the value of human life.
A total of 4142,000 refugees have been evacuated to temporary shelters so far.
The first half was very interesting especially when there was no one to score.
If the BJP leads the new government, it will first invite other parties with the intention of putting the NPP, Congress and TMC in the Opposition. On behalf of the BJP candidates in Shillong, he said that the BJP does not want to invite the TMC to form a government in Meghalaya because this time, the Prime Minister will be from the BJP. Which party will form the Government and with which political parties is the question that will be known once it is known how many MLAs will be formed by the different political parties.
Here you are not the master.
The truck was on its way to Assam to unload these trees.
However, it is surprising that the government has never had a scheme to provide assistance to the farmers except for the central government scheme which is only from 2014 to
Shillong, March 12: Meghalaya beat Manipur by seven wickets in the Women's U-19 One Day Trophy in Surat on Friday while the U-19 Men's team beat Manipur by seven wickets. They lost by 346 runs to Bengal on their opening day of the Vinoo Mankad Trophy in Vijayawada.
Dr. WL Narry, MCH, South West Khasi Hills District, expressed his gratitude to the parents for their efforts in vaccinating against various diseases. He called upon them to remove fear from their minds and come forward so that their children can have a healthy body.
A house has been destroyed by a fire in Mooshrot village, West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday.
To avoid these problems, the Union demands that the State Government should repeal the Act which was implemented in 1989, in order to bring peace of mind to the people of the Union. The whole state.
All the members across the state joined the Army in Jaintia Hills, Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
North Korea lost for the fourth time after beating Japan 1-0 in the final.
Similar maintenance has been conducted at PHCs, CHCs and Police Stations.
On the other hand, Prestone said the government has taken action on this issue and has authorized the Block Development Officers (BDOs) to issue vehicle passes only to those who urgently need to travel. send care.
On the other hand, Bah Kharraswai, as the President of the party, said that the party is deeply concerned about the situation among the government employees who are insulting and trying to steal from the public money, by asking for justice.
Dawanroy Nongpluh scored 51 runs (7×4 and 2×6) while Daymeniv Shullai scored 21 runs (2×4 and 1×6).
There is no parent who cannot give his children enough money in a day.
The Nongkrem MLA said that if the Prime Minister wants to talk, he is ready to talk especially in relation to the allegation of mental illness.
Shillong: U Dr. WR Kharlukhi, a member of the Rajya Sabha and the incumbent President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, has been re-elected as the President of the party in the state.
When the police arrived at the village, they found that three men had been shot and arrested by the villagers.
The judiciary is the only ensurer of the proper implementation of the law.
This is the perfect place to relax with cocktails on weekdays, have fun with your girlfriends on ladies' nights and dance to the music of our DJ at that day of the week.
Announcing the decision, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that through this scheme, the government will survey all the land dealers to find out the land dealers who have already received identify with the market vendors who come to sell like that.
During the raid, police seized more than 8 kilos of snieh and shyieng khla from the residences of these two robbers.
Pynhunbor Iawphniaw, Assistant Organizing Secretary Michael Sangriang, Assistant Organizing Secretary Philip Lyngkhoi, Agriculture Secretary Jaian Waniang, Sports Secretary Francis Kharjahrin, Chief Adviser P. Paliar and B. Thongni and members Petersbun Thongni. Shandra Thongni, Kyrshan Lawphniaw, Kyrmenskhem Paliar, Floster Lawphniaw and Forticroy Paliar.
On this day, there was a song and dance.
The residents of Umthlong Village, Lummawnei Village, on the 10th July, were delighted to receive the dewbilat road constructed by MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, after they have been waiting for many years.
Easter F Gatphoh and Rtn.
How can the future generations see again the beautiful and clean Bri Tympew?
Furthermore, other departments such as the Election Branch, Supply, SDSEO and others are not yet available, which has put the people in great trouble as all the works have to be completed in Nongstoiñ.
Therefore, the Government has issued a condom that does not need to be purchased and can be obtained from the Government's health centers at any time.
The RDA has announced the name of Robertjune Kharjahrin as the MP candidate. The RDA meeting has elected Robertjune Kharjahrin as the MP candidate. ", said Mr. Metbah.
The education that was introduced by the British government hundreds of years ago is no longer suitable for today but has been forcibly followed here in our state and this is the reason why the youth who have completed higher education or Graduates to sit and wait for their parents because they don't get GOVERNMENT jobs, and if they work mysteriously or drive cars, or shop, nobody counts that they get jobs. If an educated person does not get a job that pays GOVERNMENT salary and this idea has enslaved the nation until other nations have taken away their jobs from our own nature.
Higher Secondary School (West Khasi Hills) against Assam Rifle Public School (East Khasi Hills) by the end of the first half, the two teams had scored 10 goals. Assam Rifles Public School opened the scoring in the 65th minute, but five minutes later, Sibsing Memorial Govt.
The Chief Minister said that these areas have been inspected by both the Regional Committees headed by the Ministers of the State Governments, and modern technology has been used in doing this work.
Many leaders of the North East have praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for spending time today to collect garbage from the Mamallapuram waterfront in the morning.
Many say that kraiki is better than wheat, barley and rice bran and if India can move forward in the eradication of diseases through nutritious kraiki, these could replace one of the three parts cereals for diabetics and anemia women, which will result in 100 grams of cereal consumption per capita per day and this will achieve the target “Cereals, parts of important in the diet of all" in the year of dedication to krai around the world.
These writers are interested in the theoretical explanation of others and relate it to our nation, and when they write or think about our nation, they think. or they draw from the teachings of others, not as we want with our own minds, and then they explain again as others explain their society (Westernisation/Modernisation).
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The AJYWO Central Governing Body (AJYWO) has urged the people of Meghalaya especially the Village Leaders to stand firmly against the Meghalaya Regulation Bill The State Government will not be able to curb the influx of foreigners into the country but it is a law that will protect the rights, powers and authority of the land owners and the Rangbah Shnong and it is a law that will punish our indigenous people.
In the Under-14 category, JNM Lamin beat Ches Star Secondary School 9-1 while RC Eve Secondary School Mihmyntdu beat Govt.
The Glazer's Family, who have not been able to win against fans from around the world since the club were trapped in a £790 million debt, have reportedly lost ground. take over the entire group in 2005, appears now ready for massive investments in massive acquisitions when it makes its first round of Outside spending in the month of November.
However, this time, we here, we have to wait until 42/43 days to get the result. in the days and months of voting.
We have lodged a complaint against these shops with the EM. Roy said that the Enforcement Department should not wait only for organizations or Dorbar Shnongs to issue trading license and should not go once a year or only. when there is a complaint and they should visit it regularly.
Meanwhile, the Dorbar Shnong of Mawïongrim has closed down the shops because the Dorbar Shnong Mawïongrim Rim has decided not to allow anyone to sell shops in this area due to the presence of these shops. they pollute this obvious tourist attraction.
He also urged the leaders and even the members of the community to have a spirit of responsibility for our community, because if we don't have that cooperation it is difficult to protect the country. “If we don't have that customs and traditions, it will put our beloved people at risk,” he added.
He added that he has a spirit of responsibility for the Diengiei area and the Sohiong constituency as a whole as well as for the country and the nation.
“Many of them die because of the lack of timely access to hospitals and the lack of oxygen supply in hospitals,” he said.
Stressing that the Landlord and Verification of Tenancy Bill 2013 is the right law to protect the right of mynder to stay in the state, Mukul said in the House today. “Let's not talk about ILP anymore”.
The SP said that first there was an accident between a BSF bus and a Maruti, after a truck overturned in the middle of the road, a Maruti car collided with the road. A car, two Maruti cars collided with a truck and these incidents happened in the area of ​​MES on Upper Shillong Road, and these incidents caused heavy traffic jams.
There were 16 militants from various groups involved in the plot, including one of the leaders, Umar Adizai, who was involved in the selection of the seven. going to commit suicide and attack the military school.
Sohphan is one of the most beautiful places in the state and has been designed as one of the most beautiful places in terms of architecture and one of the 15 most beautiful places in the world as well. This place is also used as a dorbar shnong and a place of residence for people in case of disasters.
Hundreds of children of Sutnga District under the leadership of the Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) of Sutnga District in the presence of MLA Sutnga Saipung Shitlang Pale and ECC leaders marched from Shi Kilo with placards. They wrote about the impact of these coal mining factories on health and the environment.
The JSU leader said that the ILP is very important these days and the JSU will continue to raise mynder in Jaintia Hills and other parts of the state while the ILP is not implemented in Jaintia Hills. state as a whole.
There are two years of higher income and even mothers with young children who are smart and stingy can easily earn and look after children at home.
He urged to preserve the uniqueness of the nation.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah RS Nongbri, Regional Head, MSME, GoI, Bah Teibor Kharshiing, Consultant RF, MBMA/MBDA, Kong Balaiohmon Rympei, Dy.Manager DPMU, EKH.
At the beginning of the public hearing, the District authorities allowed five speakers, those who opposed and those who supported, but while the meeting was going on, the speakers there were 4 of them; Suddenly, there was a stir, after a stone throwing which was suspected to have started from the area of ​​the road supporters.
Finally, the organizers have been able to divide the categories into the championship.
Pynshngain, who was suspended from the Congress, has resigned from the post of MLA and from the party recently which led him to take over the post of leader of the PDF. Mombati's charter and 16 election manifestos were also launched.
“For now, we want to focus on our work, we will respond in due course to the government on our demands,” he said.
Bindo said that the Congress has not taken action in the past 50 years even though the country has been ruled by the Congress. in Delhi, Assam and Meghalaya, but this issue remains unresolved.
In Meghalaya there are also CHCs, PHCs and Government Sub-Centres and Dispensaries but the treatment in these is not good; not enough doctors, not enough medicines and treatments.
If a man gets the place he should have, we will see the spirit of a man and the Khasi whom you should not play with.
Only Ravi Teja and Sanjay Yadav scored 51 runs while Yadav scored 12 runs.
Earlier, the MPF had strongly opposed the appointment of Lamphang as chairman of only the ruling MLAs in various committees of the Legislative Assembly.
Ardent said that many of the residents of Jaintia Hills are rich, but in the places he visited, he found that the poor residents of Jaintia Hills are still poor. to other places.
Nongpoh: The 3rd Annual Meeting of the Ri Bhoi District ASHA Association (ASHA) on Saturday was held at Sajer Hall Nongpoh.
Shah directed the DGPs to be vigilant on the situation and the day-to-day changes in the border areas.
Shokhomang Lhungdim, 40, resident of Lumbatngen, Law-u-Sib, Shillong was arrested and 127.77 gms of heroin worth T. 12,77,700 tyngka (Twenty-seven thousand seven hundred tyngka).
Bah Eugeneson, who was the chief guest, said that our nation and football go hand in hand, and there have been players from our state who have shown well in the field. He said that compared to other states in the Eastern Region, our state still has too few players to play in the biggest tournaments in the country.
And one of the seraphim cried out with a loud voice, saying, Holy, holy, holy, holy, Lord God of hosts.
Speeches were delivered by Circle Inspector D Marwein, BDO Nongstoin Police V Swer, District Social Welfare Officer IK War and others.
In fact, the employees of MCCL have already arranged to meet the Prime Minister today to discuss and request him to fight for the release of their salary for 10 months which has caused them a lot of trouble. workers to provide for the needs of the family.
Phan is a plant that needs a lot of fertilizer.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Kynrem Valley in the Sohra-Shella River is one of the most famous valleys in the state and even in India.
“I know better because I am the chairman of the regional committee where we have prepared our report by visiting and meeting with the chiefs, village leaders and we have collected “Zenith Sangma doesn't know anything about this and it is wrong to go to these places just to get glory for yourself,” said Bah Tynsong.
Shillong, Lber 21: Police today arrested a man who claimed to be an Income Tax officer and demanded T.5000 thousand from a shop in Mairang. The victim was identified as Ebormi Khyllep (30).
Let us conclude with the prayer of Ella Wheeler Wilcox: “The prayer of works is like a sword without a sword.
The KDA now demands that the government should increase the food security according to the time.
The Bapli don't listen carefully but as usual they don't listen carefully until the voice of these leaders is heard.
Almost all the six leaders from the private party have supported the party to regain the power to form a government in Bihar.
The film 'Bakla' stars Bah Rudolf Mawlong as Ryan, who is well known in Khasi films, and Samla Nakilawanda Warjri as Abby Puron. Khambor Nongneng as Chris and Mediora L Umlong as Molly Puron. It was produced by Biscorious Wahlang and written by Ban Lymba.
He said that the union has received information about the existence of these schools through the villagers and also through the Rangbah Shnongs of these areas.
This will also be the first time that the House, after the MLA elections, will have a Leader of the Opposition after the appointment of Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh of the Congress as the Leader of the Opposition.
It is time for us to turn around because to stay like this is dangerous and will endanger the future generations.
Regarding this order, the DHTE through a letter dated 28.09.2022 has sent the order of the Education Department dated 26.09.2022 to the Principals of Deficit Colleges to calculate the remaining allowance until November year and to be delivered by March 15, 2022.
If Bah Ronning had done something wrong and the BSF had intended to arrest him, they should have shot from the wheel of the vehicle or blocked the road of the truck, and then they would have done according to the law. .
In the first leg of the tournament, Khliehongriang beat Dongmihsngi 1-0
As soon as he stood up, all the farmers laughed because we knew that he was a man who knew how to speak and make the people laugh and most of his speeches were like that.
Khliehriat: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has declared a public holiday on the 24th of this month for the Behdeinkhlam festival.
Referring to the Congress rule in the state, Hek said, “Meghalaya now needs development, a people's government that only the BJP can provide.
It is a sign of disrespect.2.
“The government's claim that it has been able to prevent 99 such incidents shows that the insurgents are trying to resurface in the state, but the the government never buried that".
"There are those who want this lockdown to continue for another six months, another ten years, another two years.
Furthermore, the RAM through a complaint lodged with the SP of East Khasi Hills, requests the law enforcement authorities to investigate and punish a person known as Bonnie who was involved in spreading these videos. WhatsApp registration code.
Later, his family moved to Jamshedpur.
This is a master plan to defeat the son and the father because they know that the father has a chance to win from 6-khliehriat.
The British abolished the Syiemship in the Jaintia Hima and appointed only the Daloi. Although there was no Syiem in the Jaintia Hima because it had become a British Area, Dr. John Roberts felt that the Jaintia Hima it is within the jurisdiction of one nation.
Each contestant will have 60 seconds to showcase their talent and three winners will be judged by Devang Raval, one of the organizers. famous comic and there will be a doctor too, who will help judge together.
Cham-Cham Secondary School came first in the women's category with 14 medals including 5 gold, 5 silver and 4 bronze.
However, the language of school, which has become a long-standing language in society, even if it is the native language of shlem-hikai or shlem-pule, can be used only in writing, because in speaking stories it has become more popular. the language of school.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner, in a letter sent by him, pointed out many shortcomings in the road from Dimapur to Kohima, due to insufficient equipment, engineers. the uneducated, the workers and the unemployed.
In the case of the dome of the Assembly, at the high level and they say that even in the case of Tim writing at Polo, the high level has been involved.
Conrad's song has spread online, and it didn't take long for the residents to respond to the viral clip and those who criticized the singing talent of the Prime Minister.
The District Magistrate, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, has banned the mining of minerals in the vicinity of Krem Liat Prah in Shnongrim.
Shillong, July 13: The Rangbah Shnong of Sohra, Bah P Tariang, on Tuesday said that the claim of the MBDA to implement the Wahshari Project in Sohra is unfounded and unfounded. indeed.
But that is not the case here and we need to understand the concept of development better".
The team has only a few hours left to win the title, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh said that these players now after making history will be an example to lead the way for others. The children who are still growing up in football and tomorrow Saturday have a strong hope that they will be able to make history by winning the title of this tournament.
Furthermore, the leaders of the party have made it clear that they will not stand idly by, but will continue to monitor the work until the victims get their rights.
Furthermore, u Bah Lyngdoh said that when government buildings are destroyed and turned into houses like this, it seems that it has turned into a place of refuge and a place of entertainment for the robbers; Therefore, as the President of RSKESO, he urged the government and the relevant authorities to take action for the improvement of these buildings of the office.
In this regard, the Joint Action Committee (JAC) has said that it will oppose the Syiem's ​​order and will not accept it at all.
Accompanied by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, they submitted a petition informing that the amount of Rs 151.33 crore has not been allocated for the construction of the SICPAC. The project was funded by the Non-Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR).
Bah Khotkupar said he relies on the law enforcement agencies to give a fair trial because he did not act as he was accused in Riangmang village of being a witch doctor, a demon possessor and others. other charges.
On the other hand, the Minister said that there may be a shortage here and there as the government is introducing new books especially Science, English and Mathematics.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lai Lyngdoh Circle, last month, inspected the road leading to Nongkhlaw, Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District for the 3rd KJP Youth Service. through October 5, 2023.
However, even though the children do not have that ability of their parents, they understand and appreciate it very much.
In this way, they also issue bills to the Villages and Households.
To mislead the people but to speak in Parliament is not right because the people know that the BJP will not listen to the demands of the Congress, without talking to the NPP even though it is an ally. Three years have passed, and now it is time for the candidates to come and collect votes by being smart enough to collect more votes from the people.
Therefore, it is right that these SHGs should disappear only for a while.
During the search operation, police found the body of the youth along with his auto rickshaw parked there. injuries to parts of the body.
The JAC said that this project will affect the villages below the Umngot River as well as those above the Umngot River as it is the river that is the main source of income for them, especially for tourism.
Speaking to reporters on November 15, Benedic R Marak said, “On the District Council, I have been the CEM of GHADC for 8 months but why has the Prime Minister treated me badly? He has forcibly removed me from the post of CEM and has not yet given any reply to this”.
“Regarding the smart meters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has clarified that the tender is called and the price is requested by the companies.
R. Lalrodingi, Advisor, BIT gave a detailed explanation on the programme.
The mining of mineral resources especially coal and Mawshun has been a long-standing occupation of the Hynniewtrep people and this has supported many families whether they are rich or poor. longing poor or rich as well.
MEPA also demanded that the government should implement the distribution of all government announcements through the Information Department of the State Government. Government from time to time.
Those who do evil shall be arrested.
“This lack of response has affected the rights of Ri Khasi and Jaintia as a whole,” said Bah John and urged the KHADC to take action to respond immediately on this issue so that the State Government can to send along a comment on the matter.
Those who are in charge of auditing the schools don't go at all and if someone audits the accounts of one or two schools, they go after many years and not to all the schools.
On the same day, an inspection was also conducted on the Umsning By-Pass to Sumer, which was accompanied by Bah Jason Mawlong, MLA Umsning Constituency, Bah Dipul Ryntathiang, Chairman Umsning. Town Durbar and others, in which they requested the NHAI officials to install two footbridges, namely at Umsning Patarim and Mawlein Mawkhan, at the same time to build the footbridge. They shall walk in the water to escape the troubles during the rainy season.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has informed all those residents of West Jaintia Hills District who are abroad and who have already registered to return home. A special place known as a Dropping Point has been set up for them to register themselves so that the District authorities can get the records and take the necessary action.
On the other hand, the King said it is up to the KHADC to consider their trading license application and the Hima cannot do anything.
“Even if one independent candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam comes to support, there are only 29 candidates.
Nihim said that whether Dr Mukul Sangma will contest or not is up to him because he does not want to say anything because he has been a candidate who is ready to meet anyone. in the election.
After this, India suffered defeats in the semi-finals of the 2015 & 2019 World Cups in Australia and New Zealand.
The internet has been banned in four districts of West Bengal including Malda, Murshidabad, Howrah, North 24 Parganas and parts of South 24 Parganas.
The 5 star hotel, located in the heart of the city at Khyndai Lad, has been in operation for 33 years since its inception in 1986 but has not been completed yet.
“The state government understands that there is an urgent need to amend this Act.
During the three days of the festival from 18th to 20th June, the religious servants of the Raij from the Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot, Wasan and the knia of Phrakur Phrakmai have a special role to play. Participated in the Dihsoopen at Langdoh's House, Kbai Mooknor in Iawmusiang and also specially in the completion of the offering of aid for the Soodwar Sooluti and Tawiar Takan on the morning of 20th June
“At 2:00 pm, the crowd turned back to the venue to disrupt the event.
The office bearers of the Executive Body of Wapungskur are: Postling Dkhar as Waheh Shnong, Cheerful Ryngkhlem Asst. as Treasurer.
Prestone Tynsong said the government has sent a directive to the DCs regarding the sale and purchase of food items in the market to ensure that the food items reach all the villages. in the state.
When asked whether there are any leaders who have joined the party, Bah Lyngdoh said that there are many leaders who are old and new MLAs and MDCs who have joined the party. at least come into the party, when the time comes.
The meeting will also discuss the installation of buildings, activities of the Inland Waterways Authority of India and will take part in the issue of sanitation. and suba in this thought.
Shillong, March 28: The Government of India through the Food Corporation of India (FCI) has launched the Open Market Sale Scheme (OMSS(D)) every month to increase the price of rice in the market.
It cannot be said that there are more than dozens of large ponds along the Mawthadraishan Hills from Domkseh, Mawphanlur, Mawkyrtung, Lawdisai and other villages.
If this statement of the students is true, the MBOSE should consider the subject Social Sciences this year so that the students who are taking Matric examinations this year will be able to change this subject.
“On this incident, we would like to state that we have acted according to the evidence we have received during the investigation and this has been implemented in accordance with the rules of law.
Even Ma Lahkmen Rymbui has revealed that he does not want to hold the post of Education but he has been forced to do so.
Today, there was an article, which was delivered to the offices of some newspapers, in which some claimed, that the guns, which were taken from the police station in Mawlai Mawkynroh, were broken into. Oh Umkhrah.
Chingjring K Marak took three wickets for 14 runs while Tengrik Sangma took three wickets for 18 runs.
God's Word foretold this in the Book of Daniel, “Until the time of the end; and many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall increase.
He said that peace and order has declined in the state.
The Super Division Football Tournament (WJDSA) has been postponed to the semifinals of the tournament scheduled for November
Laitlum is one of the 68 villages that make up Mawkynrew Block. It is a small village and lagging behind in many areas especially in terms of development. According to the 2011 census, Laitlum has 148 households and 728 inhabitants. but now the number of households has reached 174 households and 916 residents, 2 ancanwadi centers our village also has 3 schools 2 LP schools and one secondary school The LP Schools are run by the Catholic and Presbyterian Churches and the Secondary School is run by the Perjingstad Ellio Christian Society. There are 698 NFSA beneficiaries, 67 households with AAY cards and 282 beneficiaries, and 85 households with PHH cards and 416 beneficiaries. There are 9 households and 45 beneficiaries.
“And what we know is that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has the right to give land to Pynthor,” he said. Thousands of children, when they need it, it is on this basis that we also go to ask for a burial ground because as the days go by the church is growing, we need a burial ground and when we go to ask for a burial ground the Syiem has given us here in Mawroh. heh shi akar tam,” said Bah Lenus, who said that the church has donated T.18 lakh tyngka by collecting money from the faithful.
He refused saying that he had no money...in such a case I said; “You have money to spend for ...Bala and repair her house but you don't have money for us.
Mawkhar SC beat Laitkor SC 1-3 in the first leg of the match which was played at the SSA Ground at 2:15 pm. Kyrmen Lyngdoh SC scored the first goal in the 76th minute through Euvasius Mawthoh. minute.
The areas to be covered in Phase III include Pynthorumkhrah and other suburbs.
“The 2G Scam, Commonwealth Game, and many other corruption cases have destroyed the country and affected the poor,” said the BJP leader. Meghalaya will give a good answer to the Congress in the state.
How clean and clean is the government chair that we don't know or understand the shame and dignity.
They added that this behavior of the government has shown that it is not biased.
The woman said that she never met or talked to him again after the incident.
According to the latest news, many students have been disappointed by the delay of NEHU in issuing their long-awaited results and preparing for other examinations.
The second thing that happened was surprising and surprising to see that many people from different religions came to this tournament. The name of the Khasi people and they are not ashamed to call upon God to the Creator, they sing special songs, patriotic songs, religious songs, and many turn to God to pray to thank and to invoke his help in secret and in public.
Let us stand up to protect and improve this Mother Earth once again.
“Therefore, the people should beware of these parties who want to play with the border issue and the people living in those areas,” he added.
Paulus bought the ticket for the Dear Weekly Lottery from the ticket shop in Laban, Red Cross.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDC) in 2019 found that there are only 3 households in Samanong village who are still cultivating Krai for pig feed.
The AIADMK has decided not to have anything to do with the BJP either in the Lok Sabha elections or in the state.
People who are overweight and obese are at increased risk of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease.
It doesn't matter if you are a student, it doesn't matter if you are a Sengbhalang, it doesn't matter if you are a church leader, it doesn't matter if you are a Government Employee and it doesn't matter if you are a Legislator.
The 16th will be the counting day for all the candidates who have contested the Lok Sabha MP elections 2014, as well as for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
They said that the villagers of Amlympiang village who saw Bah Lyngdoh walking upstairs with injuries, police took him to Dawki PHC for treatment. The victim was taken to Shillong for treatment.
He said the NGT cannot ban coal mining if the provisions of the MMDR are followed.
Shylla said Mukul Sangma wants all Khasi MLAs to follow the example of HDR Lyngdoh and the UDP and HSPDP have done this without thinking. The only thing left is the PDF.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The State Government has spent T.9.28 crore in East Khasi Hills District alone for the treatment of men and women who have become addicted to drugs.
He said that the North East has abundant natural resources, such as electricity, oil, coal and others which can completely transform it.
Tripura Chief Minister Biblab Kumar Dev has admitted that the brothers and sisters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi are still living in the business of driving autos and selling grocery stores.
Two days ago on Easter Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited a Christian church in the city.
Pretoria: South African women are not satisfied that only men can do whatever they want, but this time, they are demanding their own rights and that is to have many husbands. , as the country is shy.
On this occasion, Dr. Nadon also explained to the students how to shut and clean the eyes, as many of them have not received detailed training on the eyes. this part.
The CM also urged the youth who took part in the program to make the most of their talents and not to waste this special gift from God by going in the wrong direction.
To increase the number of employees in Garo Hills at the MeECL office. The demand is also to have a Backlog Recruitment in Garo Hills as was done in Khasi Hills in 2020 and
He said that Bah Hoping as a world politician is also a strong man and a lover of the nation.
He also hoped that the peace talks would be held as soon as possible for the benefit of all and especially for the peace and stability in the state.
Hoque said that by 2030, USTM will have all the departments of health from Allopathy, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy as well as research departments. .
The team will be led by coach Ishfaq Ahmed.
The Kurs also gave pictures of the marks on the body of the young woman.
The registration will be held on the 28th of this month from 4 pm onwards at the He Man Physical Institute, Jail Road, Shillong.
In the discussion and opinion which was attended by many office bearers, the voice that came out was that Bah Goldenstar Nonglong should contest again as MDC. that for the MDC election, the office bearers and supporters should not force him.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U HSPDP MLA from Mawshynrut Constituency on Tuesday expressed his disappointment over the government's delay in opening the Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division. “I have met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma to discuss the issue but after promising many times, he said that Dr. Mukul Sangma has postponed it. “I request the Prime Minister to keep his promise,” said Witting. “I request the Prime Minister to keep his promise,” said Witting. Appearance.
They have written to the CEO of the PTI to cancel the decision of the newspaper and as a sign of protest they will stage a sit-in at all the PTI offices in India.
“I am delighted to have such an opportunity to be involved in the third place match, which is important as both teams have fought for the U-17 World Cup to be held today. year.
Diplomas and certificates include 66 students.
He added that if the leader of HANM really stands on the basis of patriotism, why is he quick to point fingers at his fellow citizens and to destroy the honor of the village?
One of the media outlets has interviewed the band, in which one of the musicians of the band introduced himself as Cornelius Kharsyntiew and is a guitarist and shimti. Another musician from the band said that his name is Mayson and he is a bass player and “shaw shaw” and one of the singers said Andreas War, who plays guitar and bom, has been with the band since 2020 and is also the drummer of the band. guitar and other instruments, while one of the band, Gaudy Shullai, plays guitar and duitara and Sain Shullai plays drummer.
On the other hand, the President of the VPP, said that the intention of the VPP is to protest with violence because it is the beginning of the protest and we don't want to protest strongly, but if the government He urged the youth and parents to come and give their full support to the VPP. On the question whether the VPP will close the Reservation Policy “We will continue with the protest and if the government does not accept it will be a great loss to other ethnic groups but the VPP does not want to go to court because it will be a shame to the government because you will see your mistake".
Mawkhar SC also didn't allow and passed the ball in a beautiful manner where Aiban-rapalang Dohling in the 10th minute managed to head the ball into the net.
Shillong: Seven people have been killed in heavy rains in Mawsynram Block, East Khasi Hills District today, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma. “I send my deepest condolences to the families of the deceased,” he said.
After the march, the HYC also held a short meeting in front of the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex. Shylla General Secretary and Samla Jackson Sohtun President MPUF Ri-Bhoi District expressed their deep sorrow and strong condemnation for the government's failure to look after the problems of the people on the border.
The drugs were seized by the Ri Bhoi Police after they seized the drugs from a vehicle coming from Manipur and were trying to smuggle the drugs to Shillong. They also seized the drugs and arrested the smuggler.
“I'm sorry, what does the word step-mother, step-father mean, is our nation living like that, don't be ashamed, let's keep the dignity.
Different and many kinds of incidents happen every day and make us think, make us angry, make us angry and make us enemies just because we act without thinking.
It is learned that on the 20th of November, the village had talked to the management of the factory to bring the woman and the village had closed down the workplace of the factory. The factory will take action to find and bring back the woman.
122 puja pandals have been set up across the state and in Shillong alone there are 61 pandals.
They include 64 Indians, 16 Italians and one Canadian.
D. Furthermore, the youths to be awarded shall be those who reside within the boundary of Mawlai.
The body of Stefanie was found sleeping in her house with marks on her neck. Police took her body to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for post mortem. need.
Perhaps, other nations have clapped their hands and ridiculed our nation.
This style of play continued even in the second half where both the teams did not allow the chess players to score again.
In the second leg, Marbisu SC beat Sohryngkham SC 2-1 goals through Seiborlang Nongbri.
“In terms of fermentation, it is a unique technique of each winemaker and it is not the technique of all winemakers to do only one technique but each one will always have a different technique,” ​​he said. state.
Rgh.Kamnipaia Challam from the Sein Raij Jowai was present at the closing ceremony. A short meeting was held at Yung Langdoh of the Raij Mynsoa led by Habijan War, President of the Seinraij. Mynso, gave the thanks from K.Situng, while the welcome speech was from E.Sungoh.
On this occasion, Conrad launched the Drug Free Meghalaya App.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on November 13 inaugurated five foundation stones at Pynursla.
Such insects in the West are killed by spraying the plant with arsenical sprays.
Sarma said 2,29,893 people have been quarantined across the state and 1,04,083 have been tested so far at various hospitals in the state. thousand per day.
During these three days of the 6th State Conference, programs including a Procession were held to explain about the ABVP party and also cultural programs and others which can attract the attention of the ABVP members. from different Districts of the State.
Speaking to Rupang on Friday, Bah Warjri said that in the 1980s, a veterinarian from the Veterinary Department used to check the cows before the buyers bought them. Dkhars who came to buy cows in Khana market.
I don't need to explain in detail how the Karbi perform and perform the kñia ka khriam, the siang ka pha, or the rituals in their Chomangkan.
On the other hand, the AdtU team would like to express its gratitude to News18 for recognizing the university through this award.
Shillong, June 07: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA from North Shillong Constituency, on Tuesday said that in other states, before forming a coalition government, the parties decided to join the government. They used to discuss the Common Minimum Program (CMP) before forming the government, unlike in Meghalaya where the political parties are still thinking about the CMP almost six months after the coalition government was formed.
In terms of literacy, this area is still far behind.
The Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, Dr C. Shylla said that the state has not been able to supply its own meat and the shortage has been imported.
She said that the committee is trying to bring the best for the youth in this age, so that it can help them to go out and compete abroad and to develop the sport. The skills they have along with this physical activity will empower and strengthen them in addition to the sports and skills they already have.
The three were taken to Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) for treatment.
In the men's shot-putt, Asian Games champion Tajinderpal Singh Toor won the gold medal with a throw of 20.42 m and broke the qualifying standards for the two tournaments. to be the Asian Games and Asian Athletics Championships.
Teiñwell Dkhar of the UDP, Batyngshaiñ Rynga of the Congress, Pyndap Saibon of the KHNAM, Pynthymmaibor Chyne of the NPP, Pynthymmaibor Chyne of the NPP, Wellborn Bynnud and it is not known whether the PDF will contest or not as no candidate has been announced from the party in Shella.
In this match, Saindur scored the first goal through Khlur Phawa 12′.
The final selection trial will be held in Shillong for those players who have already been selected in the first place.
It is on this basis that they have decided to strike from the 14th of this month until today.
According to sources, if the Delimitation Committee fails to complete its work within the stipulated time, the MDC election may be postponed until the completion of the work.
The Municipal Councils will introduce many small municipalities like Shillong Municipality in each of the big towns like Mairang, Nongstoin, Sohra, Nongpoh and so on.
On the other hand, the President of AMDA appealed especially to the leaders and the people of Ri-Bhoi District to donate and urged the office to donate. The Deputy Commissioner also asked the Art and Culture Department of the State Government to provide assistance to the team which will compete soon next month.
I am one of those who would like to take part in explaining the meaning of it by putting three questions for you to consider.
The next match today will be between Nongkohlew SC and Mawkasiang SS&SC at 5:30 pm at the 3rd Ground, MFA Turf Polo.
The schools that reached the Top 10 include Adventist Higher Secondary School in Thadlaskeiñ, Anderson Higher Secondary School in Upper New Nongstoin, Patharkhmah Govt.
The Committee has been established as the Animal Market Monitoring Committee and will oversee the sale of meat in the markets. keep them clean to avoid any infection.
On the other hand, the High Court has said that the state government should not intervene if there are those who do not want the project to proceed so that the work can proceed smoothly without any further obstacles.
Shillong, March 12: U Minister of State for Forests, James K Sangma today said that the government has appointed a special committee to look into the pollution of coal mines and the government is still waiting for the report.
The Regional Committees have been appointed by the Prime Ministers Conrad K Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma at their meeting in Guwahati on Sunday 22nd July They also inspected the remaining seven areas including Block I and Block II of Psiar, Khanduli, Borduar, Mawtamur and Langpih.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced last night that the country will impose a 10-month curfew starting Friday.
They were arrested and imprisoned until the end of the war.
The President also spoke about the G-20's vision of urban development.
The teams that have qualified for the tournament are China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan and the winner India.
Many central government offices, central government companies and various private companies have been located in the new city.
The overall turnout in KHADC was 74.02% while in JHADC it was 87.51%.
Ruins: means lymph- lymph is a foundation that has collapsed and scattered around.
“The government should appeal against this to the Division Bench to quash this decision immediately,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Pleng still don't have Mo.
Many discussions have arisen after the Congress party lost the elections especially after the state government has postponed the GHADC elections for about a year and a half which has confirmed the term of office of the EC for more than a year. ancient.
No one was injured in the incident, but there were injured in the incident.
Shillong, July 17: Police on Saturday raided a GNLA camp and arrested a GNLA member identified as Kadem.
“Of course, I applied for ticket after consulting with many party leaders.
“This incident shows corruption and deception of the people.
She said that the media has a major role to play in highlighting the shortcomings in the implementation of child protection.
For the 75th year we have been enslaved by the people of North East India because the leaders or so called leaders have ethical problems. Khar bang should not change the name of the party led by Ugaro.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, no new cases have been reported today while 2 cases have recovered.
“I finished early in fact but because of the lack of passengers I was late.
He also expressed his regret that most of the land vendors in Shillong are foreigners from Bihar, Rajasthan, UP, West Bengal and other places.
The names of the defective drugs have been approved by the relevant authorities.
On the occasion, the General Secretary of HITO West Jaintia Hills, Samla Crisence Ksoo, welcome speech was delivered by Pressmi Suting, General Secretary, Mynsngat Area. HITO Umjalasiaw Unit was signed by the President Wanbiang Pulang and the Constitution of the Union and the confirmation of the members of the HITO Umjalasiaw Unit.
RK RYMBAI (IND) – 1347.
In connection with this incident and especially on the truck carrying coal, the Ri Bhoi Police have already registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Therefore, the loud voice of the latlat who are urging with a strong spirit to revive the nation can only be heard if we strongly encourage our fellow citizens to cleanse their minds and hearts by asking them. Heartfelt sympathy for the community, the future generations of the children.
"“Every problem has a solution, I believe that with that spirit of seeing what is best for the state, we will not work hard just to say that I, I am wrong and others are wrong but the spirit of common understanding of the needs of the people.
Shillong: After seeing the cleanliness of the people of the state on the first day of the lockdown on the 1st June 2021, who have left their homes without any restrictions and without cars. There are also some people who have used old car passes and there are also those who have used old car passes to avoid being arrested by the police and the police. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has decided to impose a fine on those who fail to provide car passes from the first day of 3rd June Several vehicles have been fined 1000 tyngka at Mawlai Mawiong and Polo due to lack of car passes.
“The arrest of illegal immigrants and the shooting death of police are unacceptable incidents,” said the statement, which reminded the GNLA that it will continue the indefinite curfew. in Ampati until the government takes action to stop the shooting and the police taking the law into their own hands, but the curfew has been extended from 2 to 6 June due to Good Friday and Easter Sunday.
Shillong, March 26: U Congress MLA/MDC from Mawsynram and Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today met with the Congress leader. V. Nara, who visited the state, was arrested at Pinewood Hotel.
When inquired by this reporter, it was found that the markets in Ri Bhoi District are quiet and no one can hear the Christmas songs. In such months, the visitors are filled with joy and happiness, because Christmas is near.
The Waheh Shnong also confirmed that the drivers and shopkeepers have already given their tickets at Mandankynsaw, Mowkyndeng.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, the Prime Minister said that his government has so far been able to release up to T.150 crore under the SEDP. for implementation of health facility schemes in the financial years from 2019 onwards.
They shall become two powers within one Shnong.
Writing on Twitter, Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said, “East Jaintia Hills Police have foiled the plot of smugglers to rob youths and arrested two boxes of heroin worth T.5.5 crore, two vehicles and other documents were seized.
On receiving information, a complaint was lodged at Madanrting Police Station and the Meerut Police Station was informed.
The UDP Youth Wing leaders, who have accepted the post of leaders, include the President-elect, Bah Sumarlang Swer, Jeffrey Khymdeit as Vice-President, Ailong Pariat, General Secretary, Phis Narlong as Vice-President. Assistant Secretary Johny Marbaniang was elected as Finance Secretary, Sport Secretary to Binestar Kylla, Education Secretary Arsuklang Kharbhih and other members of the Executive Committee. Rayonald Kharkamni and Donkupar Sumer were elected as Advisers.
East Bengal scored three goals in the first half.
The milestones achieved during this yatra are: more than 29,000 Gram Panchayats have achieved full implementation of works, through the implementation of 100% Ayushman Cards; more than 18,000 Gram Panchayats have achieved 100% implementation of the Har Ghar Jal scheme; more than 34,000 Gram Panchayats have been able to fully digitize land records; and in support of the Swachh Bharat initiative, more than 9,000 Gram Panchayats have been able to meet the requirements for the implementation of the ODF Plus model.
You are also not allowed to carry any weapons.
Wahlang said that the erection of shiah signs on the border has reduced many crimes such as illegal trafficking and has also reduced the entry and exit of criminals. It also affects the movement of elephants and other wildlife and if the elephants do not have access to the path they want to go, there will be more conflicts between humans and elephants.
“The Dkhars don't give us cows anymore because they have allocated them for the cow smugglers to Bangladesh,” he said.
Tynsong said that many people aged 18 to 44 who intend to get vaccinated have already registered themselves and this was discovered after the opening of the portal.
However, the three men requested the court to suspend the sentence so that they can appeal to the High Court and their bail application was accepted with a bail bond of T.1 lakh each and they were also ordered not to flee to another country.
The Income Tax has received information from the Core Banking of various banks and according to their findings, those who have deposited lakhs of rupees have sent a letter to them to respond. and what work they can produce to the maximum.
Some of the objectives of the Seng are as follows: to strive for the development of the entire region.
In addition, a policy of banning the entry of heavy vehicles from 7 am to 8 pm has been implemented.
At the same time they also borrow customs from other ethnic groups to enrich their own culture and perhaps the groups that now want to change the census from mother to father want to enrich their culture .
The RTA has directed that these vehicles should operate only in rural areas like Smit, Nongkrem, Sohryngkham, Mylliem, Sohra, Sohiong, Mawsynram, Mawngap, Mawlai and others.
Other office bearers include Hiamdor Rapsang, Joint Secretary and Pristimai Jyrwa (Treasurer).
Such people are waiting for the judgment of heaven and earth in one day.
In another incident, Mawpud village on the same day, a family of Kong Balapynhun Ryntathiang was injured in the landslide.
The political parties also demanded that the police should play the necessary role in patrolling to avoid riots.
Information: Written by Mr. MP Mawkon.
The statement by the Chief Minister that those red areas should continue to stay at home or fall under the curfew rules, has its own issue, while it is also true. to distinguish between other places which are white, blue, stem or any other colors which the government wishes to draw in the coming days.
“We have written a letter to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to order the shopkeepers and market owners to stop throwing garbage but we have not received a reply yet,” said Bah Sohliya.
There are 690 confirmed cases in East Khasi Hills, 402 in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in West Khasi Hills, 2 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 49 cases in Ribhoi District and 120 cases in West Jaintia Hills. , 9 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 59 cases in West Garo Hills, 15 cases in South West Garo Hills, 6 cases in South Garo Hills, 14 cases in East Garo Hills and 7 cases in North Garo Hills.
Various political parties have formed a Joint Action Committee after the death of Sapam Robinhood, one of the students of Ananda Singh Academy Higher Secondary School, in a mass protest.
The HANM has criticized the government led by the Prime Minister for encouraging only the coal trade and transportation of coal from abroad to supply the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills, which threatens the spread of the disease from the influx of foreigners. to bring the disease into the District East Jaintia Hills, but the government has no responsibility for the benefit of the people of the state.
Shillong: There have been 174 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
When asked about the village, the son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that he is from Laitumkhrah.
Only one packet of prasad can be distributed among the devotees.
We as a nation have to be shocked, because if we don't protect ourselves through laws like ILP, NRC and others, the time will come when when the BJP or any Thor party comes to power they will attack. enough for us.
Shillong: Under the Nirbhaya Fund, the Women & Child Development (WMDC) scheme for the treatment and support of rape victims and girls under the age of 15 who are pregnant has been launched. It has been allocated T.74.10 crore.
He said that the success of the college in getting these new classrooms was during the time when Bah PN Syiem was the CEM of KHADC. He was very concerned about the shortage of classrooms in the college, which prompted him to take action and implement this scheme, for the purpose of increasing the number of classrooms in the college.
“We have agreed as the government to suspend this work until the committee is satisfied and submits its report and the final discussion which we expect will be held soon,” he said.
“If you don't distribute lakhs of drugs, you will put the people in darkness.
He was diagnosed with hyperkalaemia, Covid pneumonia, uncontrolled diabetes mellitus and diabetic foot.
The suspension will come into force from 23rd August
Without speaking at length, Dr. DD Lapang said that the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division will be successful. The right to upgrade it to a Civil Sub-Division, as it is one of the areas which has to look after many rural villages and which is also located in the border areas with Assam.
Police are investigating the incident and a post mortem has been conducted.
Shillong, July 15: A video of Bah Julius Dorphang MLA Mawhati has spread quickly through the internet which has been shared through Facebook, Whattapp and others. not on youtube.
He added that the presence of these 29 factories which have been banned from operation is a threat not only to the people but also to the environment as it will affect the drinking water and the forest. in this region.
If the water is clean, the fish will survive and be strong and these fish can be caught and sold and also held as a fishing competition to raise money.
The new office bearers were sworn in as President Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, Vice President Jeremiah Dkhar and Distarborlin Wanñiang. Organizing secretary Redyfernandy Sunn and others.
The union also said that Bah Ronaldstone Syiem has been a dedicated journalist for his work.
Shillong, July 1: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) has strongly opposed the destruction of stone and soil in Ri-Bhoi.
The curfew will start from 5 pm to 5 pm on the National Highway
The BCPL, however, has not provided any of the necessary information to decide whether it is really able to operate the MCCL and how much experience the company has in the production of dewbilat.
“The party members who elected Martin M Danggo four times as MLA are still in the party in Ranikor constituency,” said Bah Process.
At present, 23 schools have come to take part in the tournament, which has been held again after two years of cancellation due to the spread of the disease. infected with Covid
He said that this happens also in KHADC or JHADC when they do any development works the district authorities don't have any information and when something happens in the areas where they provide schemes, there is a problem because the two authorities. The district has no knowledge of this and has to investigate thoroughly to find out whose development works they are.
The smuggling of Mynder into Nagaland, which does not border with Bangladesh but has the ILP Act of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873, has raised questions among many experts.
This happened at about 3 pm.
Zoramthanga said Lalmuansanga, a resident of Vairengte Venhlun, was shot dead and is undergoing treatment at Kolasib Civil Hospital.
At the same time, the KSU has demanded from the NEHU authorities to expedite the announcement of the results of the Under-Graduate students and to conduct the examination of the students who have to compete. I'm going to semester back paper.
Ms. Rebecca wants to help the problems of the farmers and help the problems of the youth.
This came through a free-kick in which Sukhaliñ managed to score the goal.
However, the 11 MLAs there are supportive of the NPP.
On the other hand, the MDC of the area, Bah Charles Marngar said that he recently met with the Union of Village Authorities in Mawlasnai and they have agreed not to allow the establishment of an Outpost in Thadrang or Tyrso. .
Up to 48 clubs from all over the region have come to take part in the tournament and the prize money for the winners will be Rs 25,0
The Supreme Court has ordered the implementation of the NOTA so that voters can cast their votes even if they do not have the right to vote for anyone.
In East Jaintia Hills, one case and in West Garo Hills, one case.
According to the letter, the ASHA workers expressed their gratitude to the National Health Mission and the State Government for providing for the needs of the ASHA workers. The ASHA Benefit scheme which has been suspended for more than 5 months.
Suklang Dkhar, President of the Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association and General Secretary of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association, expressed his satisfaction that the championship has been successful. He said that speed skating should be promoted in Meghalaya.
The Best Team in the Under-16 category for men was won by Sein Jait Tuber Higher Secondary School, Tuberkmai Village with three gold, one silver and one bronze medal.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong Lamin said that the government has not yet provided any assistance to the families of those seven people who have died and 11 others who have become ill and have been treated in hospital. Five of the deceased were from the same household and were brothers and one of them was the brother of their mother and all of them were children.
In addition, he advised everyone to carry plastic bags or any reusable bags when going to the market so that the shopkeepers will no longer use plastic bags. .
In Tiehbah there is no Raid land, no village land, no kur land but only Khurit land or private land or Rikynti.
Betsheba Kharsyntiew (PFR) scored the first goal from a free kick in the 10th minute. After 15 minutes, Ibashisha Khongwet scored the second goal. Khongwet scored another goal from the penalty spot after 4 minutes.
At least before five years, it is time to prepare in advance to reach the goal.
Shopkeepers have been directed to wear masks, to provide hand sanitizer in front of their shops, to clean their shops and surroundings regularly and not to allow unwearing customers. mask to enter your shop.
Shillong, July 19: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has sought reports from the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department and the Fisheries Department regarding the disease of pigs in the state. The presence of formalin in imported fish.
