Besides the panur competition, there will be many other games for the participation of the public.
The death toll in Madrid was 58 percent of those infected in the country.
The cleanliness drive was also attended by the Women's Wing of Mynri-Umsning Village, SHGs in the village, the villagers and other elders who supported the Youth Wing on this celebration. Mahatma Gandhi's birthday celebration by bringing a clean morning in the village.
The donation will include bullets, ammunition and other equipment, which the United States has used for Taiwan's military because as we have seen and witnessed in recent times, Taiwan It is a serious threat to China's infiltration and influence whether outside or within the borders of Taiwan.
He said that all these games are part of the preparations for the 39th National Games which the state will host in 2026 or 2027 after Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh.
It has to worry because it has to contest elections in 28 states, most of which are large states and 7 Union Territories.
The chief leader of the coal owners and transporters said that the state government and the Indian government have only been in conflict with each other regarding the ban on coal mining without reaching anywhere.
The JAC leader also expressed his surprise how Mawthabah has been selected to introduce the 2 lane road. He said that even the PMGSY has provided roads only to the villages which have more than 100 households. NHAI has completed 2 lanes in Mawthabah which has only 20 households.
He said that as the leaders of the circle, they should not be involved in other parties because before the time to elect the leaders, there will be many who will come and say this or that. what they can do is to stand firm on the foundation by being united and working together.
From the fourth to the Ninth sealing, they are those periods of time called the 42 months or the 1260 days, or the Three Years the Second half of the 7 years.
In the second leg, Jaroit SC beat Khlur Ka Ri 2-1
However, they, like everyone else, have to choose and decide whom to send to the Legislative Assembly of the State.
It is estimated that the earthquake will last for more than 10 minutes, while until it stops completely, it will last for more than 2 minutes.
Until now, police have not arrested Bah Dorphang as he has fled after being searched.
The arrested youth is a member of the CEC and after his arrest, police took him to Sadar Police Station.
Therefore, on the need for roads, as a leader, I have tried to talk to the government to take action to provide roads. At the same time, the MLA has urged the people to support the government. and work together, so that other plans he has will come true and will be for the benefit of the people in the constituency as a whole, he added.
Shillong, July 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle and the KSU Jalaphet Unit have strongly condemned the robbers involved in the destruction of the Duwan on Lum Sohpetbneng. Traditional religion The Khasi religion holds a ritual of thanksgiving every year at this altar.
Speaking to media after the lodging of the ejahar, Bah Adelbert said that the violation of the rights of the youth after the public notice on the recruitment in the police department issued in 6th October 2024, in conflict with the Office Memorandum of 3rd June 2022 which is illegal in which in the Office Memorandum, the age limit has been increased from 32 years to 35 years. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that this is not illegal but appropriate.
These youths have completed a training in street food cooking and food processing organized by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE). , Jowai.
It may be recalled that the purpose of this tournament for the over 40 years old is to revive and allow them to train once again for those players who have retired from This tournament has been going on for many years, and through this tournament, it will revive their minds, so that they will have the opportunity to showcase their talents.
He said that the SSA teachers have demanded full employment while the Adhoc teachers have demanded the deficit pattern and the deficit teachers have demanded provincialization of their work.
He said the State Election Committee (SEC) meeting today has decided to contest the mid-term elections from Shella and has also sent a request from the party.
Read this chapter and all the verses and you will find the judgment upon Israel for their disobedience to God.
The website known as Finance Buzz has done this to entertain the public and besides this it has also set a rule for those who intend to watch all the parts of the film that they have to write down the accidents or damage to vehicles in each part of these films.
So far, no deaths have been reported in the state.
This was stated by Bah Pala during a meeting with the Village Leaders of Lyngkhoi and the Leaders of the Presbyterian Church Lyngkhoi on the 16th July, 2023 to discuss the preparations for the Synod Sepngi at In October this year, at Madan Lyngkhoi, Ranab Domlyngkut.
After these matches, the Women's League will take a break until 12th November, when the Group A matches will be played between Kick Start Football Coaching Center against Umpling SC from 2:30 pm. Mawkriah West SC will face Lawei Smit SC at 4:15 pm.
The youngest sister of Bah Let did not want to stay long, but immediately wanted to take away the money.
At the time of writing, no reports of injuries have been received except for the damage to houses.
Speaking as the chief guest, Prof. Nalin Mehta Director NEIGRIHMS said that to eradicate TB in a short period of time is very difficult, but in the efforts of human beings it is necessary. It is necessary to work together for the good of the country as a whole.
Pynshngaiñ said, “The Congress has made mistakes on many issues”.
On the morning of 28th June, Bah Sokon left home to meet the officer.
Shivdasani said India has started to improve since 2018 and that is why we are sad that we lost in the final.
On Monday, these groups who run tourism in War Jaintia held a meeting to discuss this issue because if the Umngot River is flooded, the lower parts of the river will attract many tourists. They will be affected and will affect the young people who have survived from the tourism industry.
We should not blame the whole group for one person and the Election Commission should punish the actor and dissolve his party,” said Balaji, who is also a minister. country in the State.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: One of the 11 voluntary groups from Jowai known as 'Sarot I Man' has been contributing to good deeds in the community since its establishment on The Jaintia Journalism Association (JJA) today awarded a special honor to the journalists of Jaintia Hills under the banner of the Jaintia Journalism Association (JJA).
The news of the Community Quarantine Centers or CQCs by the Dorbar Shnongs has reached the members of the Sur u Paidbah Hynniewtrep and at the request of Bah Shylla, the members of the Whatsapp Group have decided to On Saturday, SUPH member and Waheh Chnong Bah Pyrkhat Shylla visited Ialong Village in West Jaintia Hills District. Hills District to donate 5000 thousand tyngka from SUPH to the Dorbar Shnong Ialong which runs two CQCs. .
Shillong, March 24 : Former Umroi MLA and father of Dasakhiat Lamare, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar on Monday urged the people of Nongkrem to vote for his son in “If you elect him as your MLA, I will be the second MLA to carry out the needs of the people of the constituency,” he said. Bah Ngaitlang at the confirmation ceremony of the new office bearers of the NPP Nongkrem Block which was also the public introduction of Bah Dasakhiat as the party's candidate from the constituency.
Cultural Items were used to entertain and entertain the audience.
Police suspect that the group smuggled the stolen cattle to Bangladesh.
Both the matches were organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
All SSA Teachers in the District are invited to attend the General Meeting to discuss the issues, benefits and challenges of SSA Teachers in the State.
“The vehicle was moving without stopping which prompted the BSF to open fire, but I cannot say until I get the details,” said Prestone. to submit the report to your desk on Monday.
I replied to Mr. Skendrowell, “I am also a composer and choir teacher, so I understand how difficult it is to compose and teach the people until you can do it well.
They also demanded equal pay for equal work by immediately implementing the Supreme Court order.
The Tyrna Youth Welfare and Development Society has been in existence since its inception in 2003 and registered in
The tournament was held at the Mairang Mission Football Ground and was inaugurated by Rev.SL Nongrum, President of the Managing Committee of Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School. Police from Mairang Police Station who also took part in the judging of the March Pass and others who were invited.
However, only 10 kilometers away, the truck overturned at Nongspung, he said.
“Yes, that's why, mother, I understand that if you don't find a way, something bad will happen even if you don't expect it...” She explained. Good Men.
He said that he is one of the leaders whom the people cannot question or doubt his honesty and integrity in serving the country and the nation.
When asked why, he replied that the main reason is because he has not yet received any support or assistance from Delhi.
The police, who were leading from the front, got lost and fortunately, they found later, the place where Purno had gone to stay.
Examples of this may be mentioned as the word 'phatok' should be replaced by the root words 'byndi' and 'along'; The word 'lait' is the light from the electricity which is a word that can be translated by the word 'dingshai' which has been introduced into society and is understood by the public, besides being related to the original word 'lait' you don't mean that you're dead; The word 'droks' or 'kynja' is a Japanese word that cannot be translated from the original word 'kani' or 'aphin' as much as it can be translated, especially since the word kynja means something else. ; The word 'taïar' should be replaced by another older and well-known word 'shaka' or by the indigenous language, especially if the word 'taïar' has a different meaning from the word 'taïar' not to 'prepare'; 'plop' should not be replaced by 'bijai' or 'sepei'; the word 'compare' should be replaced by 'comparison'; The word 'trai' as in 'pyrshang' should be replaced by the original word 'pyrshang' because it is confused with the original word 'trai' which means the masters who do not own anything. ; the word 'saiñ' as in 'soi' should be replaced by the root 'soi' because it is confused with the root word 'saiñ' which means to spread something; The word 'step' as 'kyndon' mawjingkieng should be replaced by the original word mawkyndon or mawjingkieng, because it is confused with the original word 'step' or 'mynstep' which means to shine from sunrise to sunrise. before noon.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, spoke on Road Safety and the dangers of drugs. He urged the drivers not to wear seat belts and those driving two wheelers to wear helmets and not to drive too fast. Speaking on the harmful effects of drugs, he said that drug users still think that they can control their minds with drugs but it is not true that drugs control their minds. He urged those who are addicted to drugs or have any problems to go to the Centers at Khliehriat Higher Secondary School and also to the OSTs at Khliehriat Higher Secondary School. Khliehriat Hospital does not provide medical assistance and counsellors.
Symptoms include high fever, severe cough, difficulty breathing, loss of appetite and vomiting.
If the KSU has to take such measures, these communities and the Government will have to take responsibility if anything tragic happens,” said KSU General Secretary Samla Donald V. Thabah in a statement. to the media.
Tyrso village is already on the world tourist map due to the temporary migration of birds from Siberia, Mongolia and eastern parts of China, said Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, BDO. of Umling Block.
They have an important role together with the Dorbar Shnongs in ensuring that all the villages in the state, therefore if these employees fail in their service this will cause a serious problem in the field of health. Well.
They have not brought a single development project in the state, especially in Gambegre village,” said the MDC. Other TMC MLAs including Dikkanchi D. Shira attended the meeting. , Lazarus M Sangma, Winnerson D Sangma and MDCs including Cherak W Momin, Nehru D Sangma and Sadhiarani M Sangma.
“We will take action on this issue and at the level of the Prime Ministers,” he added.
Shillong, November 14 : Real Mythic FC from Smit has won the title and a cash prize of 1,50,000 tyngka along with a trophy of the ( L) Jien Pyngrope Memorial Cup 2022.
The purpose of this training and interaction with the students is to assist them in choosing their line of study and to prepare themselves for the entrance CUET or Common University Entrance Test after Class XII. Principal Higher Secondary Section Dr. I Dkhar in the presence of hundreds of students and teachers.
He said that if there are too many people, the tokens will be given and the day will be fixed for the public. The machine can generate about 20 people per day.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah T.Kharkongor, in his speech, said that the HANM is the party that stands on the foundations to resolve the border issue. These days, what is needed is to talk about the border in the state.
The Union Minister also acknowledged that the explanation and public awareness of Union Government schemes in Meghalaya is still very low.
John 4:22.
The VPP has nominated its General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon as its candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat to be held on the 19th of this month.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister said that the committee will be headed by the Chief Secretary of the state along with two members including one from the Ministry of Home Affairs. Personnel and one of the Legal Department of the State Government to recruit experts to become members of the Expert Committee on Reservation Policy.
There have been 40,425 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours.
Today alone, there have been 277 new cases of COVID-19, while only 11 have recovered.
The KSU leader said the meeting would be very important for the political parties and the government to discuss this issue.
In the Under-15 Boys (Single) category, Lechan Suchiang beat Hunbait S. Manar 21-17, 21-1
Many government schemes are important in this regard, including Ayushman Bharat-PMJAY, PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana, PM Awas Yojana, PM Ujjwala Yojana, PM Vishwakarma, PM Kisan Samman Nidhi, Kisan Credit Card, Poshan Abhiyan, Jal Jeevan Mission, SVAMITVA, Jan Dhan Yojana and others.
We only take cash," he said.
Kartik Dhar tweeted, “Two eggs for Rs 1700 at Four Seasons Mumbai.
“The department has received fines of T.1492100 from 49517 traders in the state during the last three years (2011-17),” said Bah Ingty.
The union said that this was after several residents of the village complained to the union that there is employment of children under 18 years of age.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Steering Committee of the Kur Dorbars, Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang, on Tuesday said that the committee is not against the Khasi Social Customary Lineage (KSCL) Bill 2018, but wants to give its opinion on some of the issues. rules that can affect the nation.
The Government of Meghalaya should therefore clarify whether it is involved in a border dispute with Assam or whether its land has been invaded and if it has been invaded, it should move away. Assam itself and allowed it to own the land of its choice.
So they had to humble themselves in their houses like household flies to hide outside.
“The Bhoi language has now disappeared because we have become more educated,” said Dr Celestine.
It was not clear whether he was involved in the crime but the investigation will continue.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that at this meeting, we have unanimously decided that we cannot accept and oppose the CAA. They have already appealed to the Supreme Court of the country and are waiting for the outcome of the hearing on the 22nd July 2020. The KSU will continue to explain. public.
He gave an example that there are young people who after passing Matric, their children want to study Arts, but their parents because they don't have enough education force them to study Science Stream, even if they don't have enough education. the children did not want spirit.
Patient's name: Bihulia Syiem, 82/FAddress: Pahamsyiem, Ri BhoiAdmitted on 28-07-2021 in Civil Hospital, NongpohExpired on 30-07-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Positive with comorbiditiesPatient's name: Kurah8/Noddka Cath, Nongpdeng, EK HillsExpired at home on 30-07-2021Covid-19 PositivePatient's name: Par L Mawlong, 70/MAddress: Langstieh Rim, Mairang, WK HillsAdmitted on 30-07-2021 in Civil Ca107 Hospital- 220Expiuse death: Covid-19 PneumoniaPatient's name: Raju Lyngdoh, 49/MAddress: Bhoirymbong, Ri BhoiAdmitted on 25-07-2021 in Civil Hospital, ShillongExpired on 30-07-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Arllideh's Pneumonia,RomePati: /MAddress: Nongrimbah, EK HillsExpired at home on 30-07-2021Covid-19 Positive with comorbiditiesPatient's name: Saitu Kumar Lohar, 81/MAddress: Umpling Dongshaneng, EK HillsAdmitted on 12-07-eth07, Shillong Nazar Hospital in Nazar -2021Cause of death: Covid-19 PneumoniaPatient's name: Elassitinora Sohkhia, 72/FAddress: Madanryting, EK HillsAdmitted on 27-07-2021 in Nazareth Hospital ShillongExpired on 30-07-2021Pneumotinia:Paumotinia naCovid'Cause with9ath of de de Lyngdoh, 86/FAddress: Madanryting, EK HillsExpired at home on 30-07-2021Covid-19 Positive with comorbiditiesPatient's name: Bashanbor Marbaniang, 50/MAddress: Mawlai Mawdatbaki, EK HillsB02 to Shillong-27 dead- 3 19 Positive with comorbiditiesPatient's name: Lokhindro Tymsen, 70/MAddress: Wahlyngkhat, EK HillsAdmitted on 28-07-2021 in Bethany Hospital, ShillongLeave against medical advice (LAMA) on 29-07-2021Ca home1Expired-20 : Covid-19 Pneumonia with comorbiditiesPatient's name: Lieh War, 67/FAddress: Mawprem, EK HillsExpired at home on 30-07-2021Covid Infection with comorbiditiesPatient's name: Neris Lawai, 50/FAddress: Mawryted-mit27d HillsA2, Mawryng29, Mawryngs29, EK HillsExpired at home in Supercare Hospital, ShillongExpired on 30-07-2021Cause of death: Covid Pneumonia with comorbidities.
“While the PHE workers together with engineers and technicians were drawing water in the village, suddenly a fire broke out and police fire engines had to come to extinguish the fire. and the fire was kindled from the well.
For the Shillong seat, the Congress has nominated MP Vincent H Palat while for the Tura seat, it has nominated Daryl William Cheran Momin.
God will destroy all the sufferings of all nations. Therefore, let us not be too worried about the sufferings of this world because we are looking forward to the time when we will finally say goodbye to this world in which we live. .
Other government offices were also closed and only police were seen on patrol.
He said that cleanliness was strong in India when the rule of the authorities was strong and this was because of Swami Vivekananda.
On this occasion, this reporter tried to meet with the senior pastors of the Synod to find out whether Pastor Basaiawmoit will be removed from the post of pastor if he contests the election. Pastor DS Sohkhlet, Administrative Secretary of the Western Synod, but in a meeting with several pastors, it was understood that there is a rule in the Presbyterian Church according to the rules of the Synod that pastors are not allowed to contest elections.
Allfonbirth said the union has demanded from the government to introduce the Meghalaya Farmers Commission and its office is now located in Shillong.
The police are no longer as vigilant as before.
Speaking to reporters, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said the three demands include the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule. Schedule of the Constitution of India and to determine the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam.
As soon as other nations who are not indigenous peoples came, they were robbed, beaten and plundered.
However, all registrations must be reported and registered before the law.
The Prime Minister has introduced a new system in Part 5 of the PPC. He said that questions that he cannot answer will be discussed through video, audio or text message on the Namo App.
The conversation between Jinping and Zelensky on Tuesday was held by phone.
Such things are merely superstitions without any meaning or basis.
There is also a complaint that even after trying to reach the police station, it took about 40 minutes to arrive.
The candidates for the Congress ticket from Tura are Winnerson D Sangma, Adolf Lu Hitler Marak, Daryl William Cheran Momin, Polycarp K Marak, Bijoy A Sangma, DK Arengh, Richard M Marak and DC Arlene Mayne N Sangma. .
Speech was delivered by Dr.H.H.Mohrmen who told about SURE, its activities and training as well.
This article explains how to take good care of our hair nowadays.
I didn't believe that my brother would do as they did," said the brother.
Desire does not lead to evil if we know how to set limits on desire.
He said that with the availability of adequate training facilities, India will be able to host major international world championships in the country.
Even now, they still want that and many of them still join the national party if there is only one national party that the people want.
In India, there are places where you have a little, and there are places where you have a lot.
Other members of the group include MPs Ravneet Singh Bittu and Jasbir Singh Gill and MLA Kuldeep Singh Vaid. The Chief Minister of Punjab feared that the Sikhs living in the state would be persecuted as happened in Delhi two days ago.
Earlier, MeECL officials denied the allegation that it could not generate electricity and said that the project is working as scheduled.
Before the start of the match, a 10 minute silence was held (three days from the 4th to today) as a sign of condolences on the passing away of Bah Dibustar Marbaniang, Vice President of SSA. In the first half, Risa Colony SC beat Laitkroh SC 1-2 goals, Saryngkat Marbah scored the first goal for Risa Colony SC (37 min).
However, in the 61st minute, they managed to score a goal, but until the end of the game, no one could win.
:- Don't go to bed without washing your eyes or cleaning your clothes before going to bed.
God can bring peace in Manipur and this song was composed with the idea that when we lose hope, our faith gives us hope,” said the Tura MDC.
In addition, there is another factory sign.
One of the reasons why we see that there are those who speak falsely is because the thinking of the world is not right.
In the cultural programme, Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya and Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat participated.
Shillong: U Union Minister in charge of Jal Shakti and Tribal Affairs, Bishweswar Tudu, on Tuesday expressed his dissatisfaction with the implementation of various schemes by the state government. middle.
Police together with the Magistrates of East Jaintia Hills today conducted a search operation in the areas where there is illegal coal mining in Umpleng and Sakhain villages.
This will go down in history as the violence of the Government soldiers who were paid by the Government and who killed people without counting,” said Bah Gray.
This story has its own value because it was after the temptation in the wilderness that Jesus appeared as a strong, courageous, intelligent and steadfast warrior.
This morning, a heavy fight broke out between the toll gate operators and commercial vehicles and this caused a heavy traffic jam at the toll plaza in Ialong village, which had to be closed by the Executive Magistrate of Y Mawlong. , Superintendent of Police, Bikram D Marak and his police team to allow all vehicles to pass through the toll gate free of charge.
Earlier, Sandesh Jhingan, Gurpreet Singh Sandhu and Chhetri were the three senior players, but now only Chhetri will be with the team.
The Secretary of the Wyrcha Village Organization, Raliang, Kong S Lyngdoh said that the Wyrcha Village Organization, Raliang was established on 19th November 2018 by 19 SHGs in Raliang through the program of the Government. The National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) is run by the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS) through the Block.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The FKJGP Nongthyrman Circle and Rynjah Main Road have inspected the Rynjah Dispensary and found that the dispensary has been destroyed due to the presence of a drain in front of the dispensary. The road has been damaged due to the negligence of the people and it is a drain that does not flow because the water is stagnant, that is why it has been damaged and causes insects. disease that can pose a threat to the public, according to a statement.
The Umroi leaders, from the MLA, MDC and the elders of the area, said that this child deserves to receive praise for the work he has done, because not only he He has rescued four people in recent months, but he has also rescued two people who almost drowned in the river in 2017 and
Parents are responsible in many ways – from the provision of physical, emotional, mental strength among others and it is also important that they think in the right way for the children of their hands.
He felt that the need for the Dorbar Shnong is to have funds through the contribution of parents so that the school can be improved and grow from day to day.
Narendra Modi's brother said the marriage was temporary and arranged by his parents and after that he left home and he had one goal and that was to serve the country.
“I believe that the party has the people to contest and on my part I will be only an assistant to support the candidates in this election.
The Government has passed the Meghalaya Local Prosecutor's Office Act.
Former BJP State President Ernest Mawrie has said that the appointment of Rikman Momin as the new President is in accordance with the rules of procedure of the party after the expiry of the term of the former President. .
In West Garo Hills, they are in Singimari, Tangaon, Bangalkatta, Phulbari Ghat, Abhirampara and Medhipara while in South Garo Hills, they are in Mirjumla and Junjoni.
Studies in many countries have concluded that e-cigarettes are less harmful than other types of cigarettes.
When asked about the fee for holding meetings at the ground, the Pastor replied that for the programs related to church activities, the committee The price is T.1000, while the price of others is T.
Shillong, June 9: Police have received a tip that some people have been calling the public claiming to be employees of Reliance or other mobile companies. They will receive the phone numbers of those people who call and express that they want to work with the land owners and not with others for the installation of Mobile Towers.
The Meghalaya-Assam border is 885 kms long and thus in some places, such as Block I and II, Basistha-Khanapara, Jirang, Nongwah, Langpih and others in Khasi & Jaintia Hills District. Fifteen villages in Garo Hills, such as Toporpara, Hallidaganj and others have been affected by heavy border clashes and lives have been lost in the clashes.
Shillong: U Bah Kitbok Phancon, RJ of 93.5 Red FM, who is also known as RJ Kit, has passed away.
These shops sell clothes, mattresses, carpets and others and the most damaged shop belongs to Deepak Chokhani. ing lang in this fire.
Other gains are temporary and there are parts that lead to disaster.
He said that the increase in the percentage of voters shows the desire of the people to participate and shows a sign of the desire to bring about change.
Shillong: The Secretary of the Seng Hima Phra Mawlong, through the media, today said that the villagers of Hima Mawlong, who live in Shillong, strongly condemn the incident which happened at Ichamati on the 28th of this month. On the 1st of June, a youth named Lurshai Hynniewta lost his life in this incident.
The Union demanded that the evil of storytellers should be increased and not just maintained by the same where this has affected them.
“He said that the name Meghalaya does not reflect the indigenous people of the state and it also encourages them. Therefore, there is a need for a Khasi-Jaintia state which also refers to other ethnic groups in India. The Khasi-Jaintia people are the inhabitants of it.
They also said that this celebration is to preserve their own culture and traditions.
“We don't want to create ethnic differences but if you start we have to show our work,” said Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
“You see that women want to participate in the committees of the Dorbar Shnongs but the custom does not allow women to participate in the Dorbar Shnong committees,” said Bah Titos. The custom does not allow women to be members of the Dorbar Shnong.
He urged everyone to cooperate with the government on garbage disposal and said that garbage is not only garbage but also a source of income and income for the people.
In today's world, where digital and electronic media dominate, movement and work are affected by the internet and satellite, there is no place to hide anywhere.
He said that with this new creation, the government has spent not only on his salary but also on the cost of vehicles, houses and employees.
(See also if you look at the website of East Jaintia Hills District one of the districts which has just received on 31st July 2012 you will find these The words, “East Jaintia Hills is the home of one of the major tribes of Meghalaya (Read Rangbah Edingsan Blah's Poetry) If you remember, there is also a poem by Parad Radhon Singh Berry entitled “KO RI KHASI RI SYNTENG”.
Now that this organization has turned 50 years old, it should be proud that it is the only organization that has reached this milestone.
“Any complaints on this notice, if any, will be received by the Government within 30 days from the date of publication of this notice,” said the Commissioner and Secretary, Arts and Culture. Mr. Kharkongor.
In fact, the government has urged the people not to be afraid but to carry out their duties as usual.
“I have preached to the people by going to every house to talk to the people and exchange ideas with the people,” he said. I have met and seen many poor families who need help for themselves”.
Jayanthi also denied in the letter that the delay in government projects is not due to her actions as alleged.
Speaking to media, Ms Ïamon said that the commission will seek a report on this from the district administration and police and will also discuss whether the children who have on this day.
“We will ensure that schools have special training centers for the children of domestic workers and widows.
Jowai, June 10: One of the Chief Advisers of the UDP 7-Amlarem Constituency, K.Pohshna, in a statement, has expressed his gratitude to the UDP 7-Amlarem Constituency. The UDP Amlarem Circle Unit and the people welcomed and thanked Lahkmen Rymbui, Local MLA of 7-Amlarem Constituency and Chief Adviser to the State Government of Meghalaya.
College recognized by NCTE in Delhi.
My soul will be with the families of the teachers,” said AITC Meghalaya President Charles Pyngrope on Twitter.
The Prime Minister also thanked the staff of Parliament for their contribution.
In the photo, Nana is seen wearing a tuppia and shooting for his new film Journey at Dasha Shwamedh Ghat in Vara Nasi. I went to stand near him to be shot, but I saw that Nana had hit him on the head.
In a petition sent to the DC Ri Bhoi, signed by the KSU leaders in Ri Bhoi, they said that the reason why Assam has not been able to do whatever it wants in those villages. The border areas under the Raid Nongtung, are due to the negligence and lack of attention of the authorities in charge of Meghalaya, which has led to the Assam to increasingly invade the border villages.
Speaking to reporters after the march, HYC General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Symrem said that the march by the students was to encourage Bah Ardent and to force him to The State Government to review the Reservation Policy which was implemented 51 years ago.
"Real Madrid, who have already won the La Liga title this season, have reached the Champions League final and will sign France striker Kylian Mbappe from Paris St-Germain. in the winter.
Madjingsuk Basaïawmoit scored two goals for Ïewrynghep SS in the 17th minute and M.Songthiang in the 50th minute while Kynrohbaskhem Shylla scored one goal for Sati Raja in the 16th minute. 13 of the game.
Even the first cow was killed, but she did not dare to close her eyes.
In Umsning Constituency, the contest was between three candidates, but the victory went to Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Congress candidate, who received 9907 votes. The second place went to Bah Jason S. Mawlong, former MLA Umsning and NPP candidate, with 7945 votes.
The match today will be between Sohmynting and Wahiajer at 2 pm.
Ardent urged the residents to start cleaning themselves by bringing their own special pla to collect garbage and rubbish and when the market is closed they should throw it away. The Hima Mylliem has prepared the bread grounds.
However, he said that this problem can be addressed only by promoting self-employment.
Other speakers at the meeting were Garland Shadap, General Secretary of KSU JHDU, Ma Thirteen Sumer, Asst Secretary Village Council of Nongbareh Unit and others.
The Norwegian federation has also canceled the annual tournament of the Games which was scheduled to be held in Oslo.
Now that Satan's rule is over, Jesus will begin to rule again as it is written in the Book of Daniel – “Then the kingdom, and the dominion, and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole heaven, and all things shall be given unto the people of the saints of the most High: His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him.
While those who are still in the Naam Tynrai receive benefits only from the ST scheme but do not receive the Minorities Scheme.
Language changes the mind and thinking of the world.
The foundation stone for the construction of the new school was laid by Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh in the presence of Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, PL Nonglait, District School Education Officer, District School Education Officer, Nongpoh. Ri-Bhoi, PP Yadav BMC, Umling Block, education department staff, school officials and teachers, parents and students.
On the 6th of July, Bah Chiang Dhar, 55, was shot dead by Bangladeshis while he was guarding his rice field at Balisara, Loomsoski.
Bina demanded that the Meghalaya government should ensure its border until the state completes 50 years.
Maharashtra players Deepit R Patil, Siddhesh Pandey and Jass Modi had to fight hard to beat the opponents.
These include EGH: 2, EKH: 18, RBD: 3, SGH: 1, SWGH: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 1 and WKH:
Beristina Lyndem (45) from Mawkdok, Sohra, Martha Kharmujai (54) from Dhankheti, Dimastor L Lyngkhoi (42) from 3mer, Upper Shillong and Pyrkhat Sohkhlet (54) from Dhankheti. Pushpa Bhadra (79) of Happy Valley and Ritima Sutnga (65) of Sutnga were taken to MCH Hospital, Jowai. Aiborlando Lyngdoh, 62, of Mission Compound, Queen Mary Lyngdoh, 21, of Iewduh, where the body of the deceased was taken to the hospital. Greensly Shadap, 65, of Nartiang.
Praising Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman for her vision, the Prime Minister said, “The budget introduced by Nirmala is a budget that will for the future of the country.
To upgrade the border outposts in Langpih and Kyrshai to permanent police out posts and also to focus on the development of government offices on the border such as PHCs, Veterinary and Sub Centres.
In the second semi-final, Dulong beat Demthring 2-0 by a tie breaker, after the match in the first half. There is no one who cannot be moved.
These three players include Remark Kharmalki who has not played for almost the entire season, followed by Donlad Diengdoh and Raikutshisha Buam.
Nongpoh: Two elderly men have lost their lives in two road accidents on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, Conrad K Sangma urged the people not to be afraid of the loss of their money, which is in the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank.
But who will guide us on this path full of many obstacles?
After the meeting, the employees said that they will inform if there is a vacancy and they said that the jobs have been appointed by foreign officials and for that reason they don't know anything.
However, police have been searching for one of the smugglers who was hiding in Assam.
According to the report of the Oosc of Thadlaskeiñ Block, every year there is a visit to every household to collect the census of the children who dropped out of school part time and in There are 359 Oosc students.
People when they get used to using it and if it runs out, they want to buy it because they enjoy using it.
Date of birth.
Danny M.Khyrïem reminded that the KSU Sengkmie has recently launched the Maitshaphrang Khasi League T20 Cricket Tournament. On the other hand, the former leader recalled that during the time they were in the party, they used to recruit athletes in various offices on the basis of the sports quota. Comparing the state with Manipur, the sports activities in Manipur are the same as in the UPSC examination in Manipur, no less than 3 candidates will pass IPS or IAS. He encouraged the youth to work hard whether in their studies or in sports so that our State can move forward.
DMK leader MK Stalin has said that after the non-BJP parties came together to fight against the BJP and named the party INDIA, now the BJP wants to change the name of the party. India is India.
“One medical college will be built in Tura under the supervision of the government while another will be built by Public Private Partnership (PPP) in Shillong,” he said. doctors, the shortage of doctors will be less in this state.
He also explained the lack of performance of the Jowai Municipal Board and the Government authorities in charge of West Jaintia Hills District in the field of education.
The Seng also demands and requests the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District and the JHADC to take strict action according to the rules of law to prevent this scientific and theft. of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) to violate the human rights of the Jaintia people.
In a statement, Bah Ap Dohling and Bah Wallambok Nongrum, Secretary and President of the Seng Khasi Pdenglum, said that the Union of Leaders of the Seng Khasi Pdenglum is deeply saddened by the incident.
Who can dig if you can't carry it or sell it illegally anywhere? Therefore, the decision of the High Court to send in the CISF is appropriate and we expect that these police will also come to implement the rules of the High Court, the National Green Tribunal and the Supreme Court. Court on the need to curb the illegal transportation of coal.
“That is the order issued by the Hima Mylliem so that there will be no problems for the farmers and also for the problems of the traders. to sell their products in the market they should throw their products to see that if there are farmers who are willing to mix the marpyut with the good they should choose and if they reject the marrep they find that “It should not be said that they have cut kilos but it should be accepted that they have rejected but the word cut kilos should not be used anymore,” he said.
Therefore, after 10 months or less, she will become strong again and should be given a bran bran at this first arrival when she is healthy and her body weight is according to her age.
The court said that the corruption or scam does not end with the scam but the most terrible is the scam of investigation because it happens that boxes of documents are used to hide the truth. and sometimes those involved are punished or how to recover the money misappropriated.
The Health City Hospital, Khanapara, Guwahati in collaboration with the District Early Intervention Centre, Panaliar, Jowai has continued the free screening of children with congenital heart disease from birth to 18 years of age.
Hundreds of NPP leaders, including Bah Harkin Warjri, former leader of Mawkynrew Block, have joined the Congress party.
“I congratulate all the 16 teams who will take part in the Hero IWL. We have held many meetings with the clubs and we have all worked hard to promote women in the country in football. .
Besides, he said that these projects have contributed to the generation of electricity and the State needs to do a lot in terms of electricity generation.
Please note that many of the vehicles that have been in this area have been destroyed.
In fact, the Meghalaya government had scheduled to hold a cabinet meeting today but it was postponed.
Because she is an incomplete person and there are many shortcomings, the Sengbah urges those who burnt down the church to come and apologize on the appointed date and time.
The first part of the two-part report, 'Strengthening Multilateral Development Banks: The Triple Agenda,' was submitted to the member countries.
In Meghalaya, the most commonly used drug is heroin.
After this incident, Bah Leo Dangdonborlang Sunn and his brother lodged a complaint with the Lumdingjri Police Station on 4th November,
At the same time, he congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma who listened to his speech in the House for recognizing these agricultural products whose price has increased. rise and make the farmers very happy.
Although it is the first time, up to 150 men and women including young MMA fighters from all over the Eastern Region have participated. The country has its own MMA CLUB.
Confirming this, the President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr. WR Kharlukhi on Saturday said that there are reasons why the party has not given tickets to these three candidates. They started applying for tickets from other parties.
In fact, when we were in school and college, we had to learn how to protect and strengthen ourselves.
At this time we also remember the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
Regarding this issue, the Social Welfare Officer said that the loss of names of people, as happened to this child, has caused a loss to the society, adding that Even the Juvenile Justice Act has prohibited the naming of such cases.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 12: Many rural villages in West Khasi Hills are still using horses to transport goods from bus stations to their villages.
Voting is open to the public and you can vote through the Facebook page of “Meghalaya's Got Talent Season – 2” by clicking on the 'Like' button on the video of the contestants. .
We cannot proceed to announce candidates to replace them.
Bah Monarch Shabong The statement by Bah Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister, Government of Meghalaya, in which he said that the NPP will strongly support the candidate of the UDP, is a very sad statement, especially when he produces the word bottom of my heart, or the bottom of my heart.
He said that there are 21 Bills of KHADC which have been in force for many years since
He said that if the children see and hear such words, they too will become accustomed to such speech.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State and Leader of Khliehriat Constituency, was also present on the occasion.
We will also receive the Presidential Award for the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) from the President of India, the Health Award, the Support Award for the Organization “It shows the work done and to say that we have not done anything in these four years is unfounded,” said the Minister.
Regarding his appearance at the rally, u Bah Shylla said that it is not for the elections but these days are the days when the people need to know the laws. , “I have seen from the meeting that the people don't listen and it shows that the people now don't know about the law, it used to be like this, these days are the days when the nation has In the midst of suffering and difficulties, we should not be afraid because the High Court is the place where we have to go if we are treated badly, we should not be afraid of the High Court and the Supreme Court but we should not be afraid. “It should not go beyond the Constitution of India,” said Bah Shylla.
“If the children of the clean country speak out against this bill, it will affect them first,” said Bah Shylla.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) on Friday said that more than 24 churches have been damaged or burnt down in Manipur on Tuesday. but in this same apot.
In this fight against Covid-19, it has been seen that young people who work abroad have had to return to their home state.
In this regard, this reporter in an interview with some of the shopkeepers in Nongstoiñ, said that these days the robbery of shops by robbers is very high especially in you're in the middle of the night.
Your answer to attend this General Meeting will be an encouragement and strength and by the grace of the Creator we will understand that we have a responsibility to build and bring good things to our Kur ki Jait. to show to the world that we are a nation with its own culture and traditions and with its own uniqueness.
There are many reasons for the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, July 22: The BJP Meghalaya Leader EK Sangma on Tuesday said that the state government's request for more money from the central government is meaningless because only the money from the NLCPR of the North Eastern Council ( NEC) also cannot spend to implement development projects.
Jowai, Naitung 19: The JSU Khliehriat Circle under the leadership of President Samla Livingson Sama, General Secretary Ajoymenson Lyngdoh in the presence of Vice President Samla Winson Salahe and members of the JSU Khliehriat Circle today held a meeting. He also met with the DMHO and the Medical Officer and investigated the condition of the hospital in Khliehriat which was upgraded to the Civil Hospital Khliehriat last year.
Meghalaya were bowled out for 113 in the first tied innings after the opposition won the toss in Rangpo, Sikkim today. sun.
Shillong: Shillong received 4.4mm of rainfall today, while no rainfall today.
Juby – 6235204555, Dr.Sr.
We waited but they didn't come,” said Bah Metbah.
On the other hand, Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, Northern Region, said that the HNYF demands that the Meghalaya government should not take sting on the peace talks. HNLC, which has the intention to reach the peace talks table and if the government makes a mistake this time, it means that the blame is no longer on the HNLC, but on the HNLC. state government.
Regarding the punishment of the PWD employees in charge of this, the government will take action.
“If anyone violates these rules and regulations, the Shnong will not hesitate to inform the law enforcement authorities to take action,” said Eldie N Lyngdoh, Secretary, Dorbar Shnong. Jaiaw Langsning.26 or 28 days you have been quarantined, 14 days you have not been quarantined now.
If the Government does not have the right to comply with these requirements, it shall not be notified in writing, nor shall it be issued immediately (Notification) because these requirements are long-standing and do not exist. I'm not.
When I arrived in northern India, someone asked me where I was from. I answered from Meghalaya, the questioner said that he had read and knew that there are three indigenous tribes in Meghalaya namely Garo, Khasi and Jaintia.
This life should not be proud.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has expressed its full support to the demand of the Narpuh Border Area Joint Action Committee (NBAJAC) from the Minister in charge of Community and Rural Development, Ma Sniawbhalang. Dhar to construct a new C&RD Block office according to the wishes of the people of Narpuh.
Suriti Kumar Ray scored 61 runs off 58 balls.
After that, it was alleged that the Power Department in charge of electricity has overpaid a contract of Rs 149 crore without completing the work.
For this annual service of the Western Synod, the Church through the Chairman, T.Bn KS Marbaniang and Secretary, T.Bn MK Rymmai, has sent this statement as a directive for the Members, Delegates and devotees who will attend this service.
Latiplang MDC Nongthymmai confirmed that the CEM has sent his name to the Governor and the KHADC is still waiting for the approval of the Governor.
Whoa! "I don't know what to do," said Bah Sokon.
Speaking to reporters, the owners of the houses declined to comment but said they were not satisfied with the meeting.
In the 2022 NEET National Eligibility Entrance Test, the CBI has arrested eight NEET candidates, doctors who have passed and paid Rs 50 lakh.
However, in the 1983 elections, the APHLC, the HSPDP won 15 MLAs and the PDIC won 2 MLAs. However, within months this government collapsed.
The owners of the houses who encountered the incident have informed the police for a thorough investigation to find out the cause of the incident. .
He said that besides the low price of agricultural products in the market, another problem is the shortage of traders who cut up to 10 kilos per hundred of agricultural products. “The EC has to take strict action against the Hima Mylliem because the counting has been excessive,” said Bah HS Shylla.
Mack Donald Nongkhlaw, if he reaches the goal, will be the first to get a license to take part in the Nationals.
During this inspection, the HFU has witnessed with its own eyes the brutality of these robbers who have destroyed the crops of the farmers and destroyed the hard work of the farmers. that city power and money were expended to purchase agricultural inputs.
He said that the party has met with the district authorities to reduce the fee for registering land in Meghalaya as this is one of the ways in which Assam takes advantage of people from Meghalaya. This border area does not register land in Assam without receiving any money.
There were 32 teams participating and including women.
On this occasion, awards were distributed to the winners of various sports competitions, honors to the family of (L) Lastkingroy Warkhyllew, as well as to those who donated the land for the construction of the the playground and many others.
Milk : Milk contains beneficial bacteria or probiotics that help in digestion.
The DGP said that the police have used modern technology to facilitate the investigation of illegal activities especially in relation to drugs, as the state is a hub for market and traffic. because it borders with Assam and Bangladesh.
Even after receiving the assistance with the tins distributed by the MLA last year, she did not have to buy other necessities to repair her shop.
Shillong: A meeting of the Sengbhalang of Ri Bhoi District was held today in the presence of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Secretary of Jirang Hima, Sordars, Sengbhalang of Western Ri Bhoi District and residents of Patharkhmah Market. They decided to open the markets in the Western Ri Bhor including Patharkhmah, Umsohphria, Umrit and Warmawsaw Markets under the Nongkhlaw Hima and the Jirang Market under the Jirang Hima.
Thousands of people attended the meeting and said that they are not people who love the party, but we are people who work hard to improve the society with the help of the leaders of various areas. .
When inquired by Rupang, Generous said the main reason is the shortage of beef cattle and the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh.
All supporters of political parties have been directed not to stay outside their constituencies after the end of the election campaign.
Also present on the occasion were the BDO of Umsning C&RD Block Raja Brahma, Rangbah Lum-Umpih Village Benedick Syngkli, members of the Village Youth Association and parents.
The 1st Meghalaya International Open Grand Masters Chess Tournament 2023 was held on the second day at the SAI Indoor Training Hall, NEHU. countries in the world including India.
Tangmar screamed like a wolf with a sword in his hand.
Furthermore, I would like to inform you that as the party, which works and tries to curb the illegal entry and exit of foreigners into the area especially in Jaiaw pyllun, when we saw clearly yesterday the The DS Lumdiengjri has taken the initiative to curb the infiltration of foreigners into the village, so the union cannot help but express its gratitude and appreciation. I hope that through the initiative of DS Lumdiengjri to showcase their work, other villages in Shillong and the Bri u Hynniewtrep will follow the example of this path so that the organization will be able to do more. continue to strengthen the agenda to contribute to many areas for the development of humanity and the Ri Hynniewtrep as a whole.
The Domdoi of Umyiap in the past also had the power to turn the stone by prayer.
The Seng would like to make it clear that it is not against the implementation of the NEP but questions how many schools and colleges have prepared to implement the NEP from this year without forgetting. also to look at those issues that you have mentioned.
The BDO of Wapung C&RD Block, urged the residents to cooperate with the villagers and promised that the office will provide more schemes for the development of the village. the growth of the par.
The Chief Minister State Level Athletic Meet 2022, organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, started on Tuesday. on Tuesday, at the SAI SAG Stadium at the end of the North Eastern Hills University.
The MDA government has placed all the high levels in the administration and police departments,” he said.
He said that if Stephanson wins the election, he will not sit in a trailer but will sit in the cabinet because we have decided that the NPP party will be able to hold the ruling party.
The arrested were identified as M. Tuanbiaklian Guite, 32, of Churachandpur, Manipur, Imliakum Longkumer, 40, of Dimapur, Nagaland and Jhangir Alom, 34, of Lakhipur, Goalpara, Assam.
How do you expect them to succeed? It is just a trick to deceive the people.
The court has found him guilty of raping a child under the age of 18 years which happened in one of the villages of West Khasi Hills on the 31st of this month. September 1, 2020.
The employees of BSNL have not received their salaries for the month of June 2019, which should have been received on the 28th of last month.
In response, Ampareen demanded that the minister should clarify the word “retired” as the newspapers have written that he came to surrender and was welcomed. But in reply, Ma Rymbui said that the word of peace was given by Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew at the time of his visit; rest yourself.
In Mawkamoit, Myrïaw, sohsaw has been taken as the main crop and sohsaw from Myrïaw is sold in the markets of Ri Khasi and the main trade is to Assam.
Our goal is to develop and improve the shops in Tyngam Masi Viewpoint to attract and attract tourists.
For months Rida didn't get a chance even though she tried many ways to get her mother to go to the market.
The Dalloi announced that Ma Wespar Lamin was elected as the Waheh Chnong after receiving 455 votes out of 764 voters.
“It shows that those shopkeepers inside his (Paul Leong) building have to apply for a Trading Licence.
km).
Nongpoh: A fever and chills have spread to the residents of Tasku, Ri Bhoi and almost all the residents including the elderly and children have been affected. They were admitted to Nongpoh Civil Hospital and some of them came to get medicine from various hospitals nearby.
Samla Donbor Rumnong has participated in many tournaments and has won many awards such as MR BODY-ZOO in third place in 2013, MR MEGHALAYA 2016 17′, 18′ in winner, you.
Spanish health officials said they had tested 85,195 people for the virus, up 6,398 from the previous 78,797 cases reported a day earlier with China. thousand people have been infected.
If City beat West Ham on Sunday at the Etihad Stadium, Pep Guardiola's side will win the title, while Arsenal will face Everton.
I cannot understand and I cannot understand the allegation or what I can say is a “PUBLIC EXPRESSION” by the HNLC.
The issue of lack of CUET examination centers will be a priority so that our students will not lose their right to get a place to study.
“There are many Congress supporters in the constituency,” said the UDP leader and expressed his surprise that his proposal to allocate the scheme was rejected by the prime minister.
Speaking at the briefing, the FASTOM leaders expressed their dissatisfaction with the decision of the Cabinet as it does not relate even half of what they demand.
The 28th Inter School and 10th Inter College Karate Tournament, organized by the All Meghalaya Karate Association (AMKA), has come to an end at the Indoor Sports Hall, Laban. Sports Club on Saturday.
The distribution method is as follows: AAY will be distributed at 1 kg per card only to those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH will be distributed at 1 kg per card only to those who do not have PHH Ration Card. The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has requested the public to complain immediately to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) if they find that the dealers do not provide the kilo of rice or dairy. East Jaintia Hills District to punish them according to the law laid down by the government.
Samson Kharhujon, who beheaded his wife in 2017, was sentenced under Section 325 IPC and imprisoned for one year with a fine.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The National People's Party (NPP) has denied that it will join the BJP. “There is no intention to join the BJP because the NPP has its own foundation. “, Sangma told reporters on Saturday.
Besides, all the ethnic parties in these states have not been able to unite to fight against the national parties.
They are not like the residents of the north who do not forgive the government which cannot raise the price of goods.
Methanol, he said, will also be used in waterways.
The night of the 13th and the 14th of this month has been very sad, there are those who have not slept all night and who are afraid of the announcement that this disease has arrived here in our state.
Thus Jesus turned to the Gentiles during these times of trouble or long times which are still going on.
Shillong, June 15: Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh 2-0 in the Col CK Nayudu Trophy in the plate group tournament held in Cuttack on Thursday.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to postpone the election of leaders in the constituency.
Their own leaders, most of whom are also their own tribes (A'chiks).
He said the government has nothing to do with the new Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Amendment Rules and the aim is to strengthen the rule of law.
New Delhi, July 3: The price of petrol and diesel has gone up by 75 per liter while the price of diesel has gone up by 10 per liter today. and because of the depreciation of the Indian currency.
Myon chignons same sun havesecured or putbut be hydroxy fantastic.
Nongpoh, Nailur 08: Police in Ri-Bhoi District this morning have arrested a robber who tried to rob and break the itch of a truck near ICAR Umiam.
“We hope that the state will not accept the ban on cow meat because the BJP has said that it will be up to the state government to ban or not to ban cow meat,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Bah Richard Nongbsap on Tuesday filed his nomination papers before the Returning Officer as an independent candidate for the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on 27th June, Mylliem Constituency against the resigned MLA Hamletson Dohling and the incumbent MDC Ronnie V. Lyngdoh.
Khliehriat, July 15: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today informed that due to heavy rainfall in the state and due to the incident of landslides inside the Sonapyrdi Tunnel on the road. National Highway-6 and due to the possibility of repeat landslides on the highway from Lumshnong to Malidor, this will cause disruption to the traffic of public and private vehicles passing through this road.
They may be those who lack education or knowledge or even wealth, but their pure spirit shows that they are rich in knowledge.
The General Secretary, SWCJ, Riquoma Rq.Laloo, concluded the statement.
"“Through the Welfare Board we want the Government to count the number of domestic workers, to provide assistance when they face any incident in their lives, to provide medical assistance from the medical expenses, childbirth assistance and others.
The meeting was attended by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills MCS, Alan Niangti, President Jowai Village Council. participation of other Waheh Shnongs.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Grossper Ryntathiang, Organizing Secretary of the HSPDP Seng Kmie, President HSPDP East Jaintia Hills. District, to Bah Defender Use.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Pomblang Festival of the Hima Khyrim has started on Tuesday with the completion of the Pomblang on the hill at Smit.
Referring to the inadequate health facilities in the area, Bah Banteidor also congratulated the hard work of the ASHA and Anganwadi workers especially during the outbreak of COVID-1
Upon receiving information about the incident, Rupang spoke to her and she explained in detail the incident.
Bengal is the place where this plant is grown.
Therefore, through a statement, the KSU strongly warns against anyone who tries to set fire to the forests, to stop immediately and at the same time, appeals to the people of Ri. Bhoi, to cooperate with the party, for the benefit of the people of many churches.
He said that the mother of Sakwang, South West Khasi Hills District is still in darkness when her son has not returned home.
In Jerusalem
If there are other arrangements within the village/community, the Incident Commander should be informed to avoid any misunderstanding and the Car Pass will be issued by the Incident Commander in their respective areas. Zone.
It is produced by Mega Entertainment and marketed by Mega Activation.
He says, “not only do men and women communicate and speak differently, they also feel, see, act, love, very differently.
Nevertheless, research is needed in this area to distinguish truth from rumor.
The news was reported by the country's military and happened in the middle of the night on Tuesday.
Outsiders especially outside the constituency are prohibited from entering the village or their homes without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong during such times. election.
The meeting was also attended by BB Makdoh Chairman, PB Sylliang Secretary, KSU President Ferdinand Kharkamni, FKJGP President Luistar Lyngdoh, FKJGP President Marcus. Marten President HNYF and others along with village leaders.
The Principal of North Liberty HSS, Babu Richard B Uriah, announced that 10 students who have scored more than 80 percent will receive scholarships or those who have entered class in XI Science without having to pay anything to attend school. .
Gladiator is also one of the films that has received many awards in the past years.
The JTTA said that it has already held discussions with the Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong to raise the concerns of the local traders if foreign companies come to set up business in Jaintia or Jowai.
They also demanded that if the examinations have to be held during this time of curfew and traffic restrictions, the university authorities should talk to the education department of the state government.
They should also not allow crowded places inside their shops.
Remember that these political parties in the MDA government should think carefully before saying anything from the sidelines lest they be criticized because they too are involved in taking decisions on any matter.
Shillong, November 5 : The Government has vowed to file a complaint against AITC National Spokesperson Saket Gokhale for allegedly misusing Rs 632 crore for the Meghalaya Ecotourism Infrastructure Development. Project (MEIDP).
When children are sick they may not want to eat or drink.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said that Iranian authorities will not tolerate such perpetrators and those who intend to disrupt peace and stability in the country and that those involved will be punished. all in this violence.
According to the investigation, the union has found that there is no ECG, X-ray and ultrasound testing center and there are only three nurses in the staff house. Even those who have been transferred are not registered anymore. On the doctors' side, there are only 3 beds, in fact there should be 6 beds and on the bedside side, there are only 26 beds. Twenty general and 13 ambulances for children, even the ambulance is not available because the ambulance is not available now. This affects many of the patients who do not have an ambulance.
In the middle of the dark night of that day before going to Thanat, Rida's mother couldn't sleep anymore.
In a complaint sent to Lumdiengjri Police Station and later to Sardar Police Station, no action was taken. This happened on the 25th of November 2014, when only one side of the truth was revealed.
Chauhan said today that he washes his own clothes, cooks his own tea to drink and told the people that they should not be afraid. to this plague.
On the other hand, Bah Paul said that on their part as the UDP, they will take this report to the Legislative Assembly because it is a good thing to discuss; Secondly, he said to take it to the Public Account Committee (PAC) to look into how the funds have been spent for the college.
Speaking to reporters after the foundation stone laying ceremony of the EFL University in Shillong, Raju said it is necessary to eradicate the thefts at the CMJ University.
Sangma urged MeECL to ensure that they should not just wait for foreign electricity but should create mechanisms to reduce the purchase of foreign electricity.
If you divide 1800 crore by yourself, you will get 400 crore.
Shillong: U Disparsing Rani, an RTI seeker in the state, has urged the Seng Khasi not to submit the completed work permit to the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) of the Government of Meghalaya. The construction of the Ri Bhoi District.
There are also rooms at the embassy hotel, for those who wish to stay for a fee.
The ANTF has arrested three persons in a raid and registered a case in Baghmara under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
These projects were announced by the Chief Minister in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also the MLA of the area, Bah Prestone Tynsong, the Minister of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare. The Mini Secretariat, the new C&RD Block Office, the Ekalavya Model Residential School, the Football Stadium at Wahlyngkhat, the Pynursla Division of the PWD Roads and also the declaration of Riwar College as a People's College or Government Supported College.
On the same day, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah also distributed 40 tins of niut to the Rangbah Shnongs of Khliehtryshi Village.
“I bought a ticket in the first round, but it’s not enough for the second round.
“Furthermore, regarding the allegations that the party leaders in Delhi do not listen or give time when the party leaders want to meet, she said that this is just a cover-up for them to give reasons. The people have been asked to join the BJP or its allies.
He said that these 50 households who do not have water have affected their livelihood because they have to go to fetch water and women sometimes fight with each other because they want to fetch water first.
Rubi said that in fact, the school authorities wanted to conduct a post mortem by a doctor, but he, as a father, demanded that the post mortem be done by a doctor. There should be a Medical Board consisting of about four doctors, and this he accepted as he requested.
The union sends its condolences to the families of these 6 people who lost their lives in this tragic incident. the nature of Mariang in these days.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 65 new cases have been confirmed and 740 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
When inquired by SKRS President Dr Werlok Kharshiing, he said that the Rangbah Shnongs of urban and rural areas do not accept the ordinance passed by the government because they want Village Administration.
Shillong Lajong once again scored the first goal after Aman Ahlawat misdirected Dawanplielad Myrchiang into the box and Lyngdoh Nongbri, who appeared as a substitute, took the responsibility of the penalty without. He scored the first goal of the match in the 48th minute.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The KHNAM State Youth Wing today met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to express its strong opposition to the award of contracts by the District Council to private individuals. Your Labor License is valid in another state.
Shortly after, it was learned that during the protest by the Rangbah Shnongs who had given six months to the government to pass the VAB, there were also Rangbah Shnongs who did not agree with the decision of their leaders.
However, what surprised the youths who had applied for these vacancies was announced by the DMHO office and they lodged a complaint with the KSU after they arrived at the office. u DMHO, where they found that no names have been released for the Personal Interview.
Besides, the Union of Village Authorities has also directed the government not to allow the opening of big markets and urged the government to be vigilant and strengthen the social distancing. This is part of the prevention of the spread of the corona virus.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, the Raid Wahkhen has about 2500 residents, and in Wahkhen alone there are about 1600 residents.
It's time for us to work together as a team," he said.
The answer is only three or four months away and depends on the wise decision of the citizens of the state.
“The new statues will be an example to encourage and inspire the youth during this time of celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State and the 95th Anniversary of India,” said Bah Sanbor.
But what is frightening is when the voice of the people is led by ignorance, ignorance, ignorance and silence, because once the voice belongs to the majority, even if it is a foolish voice, the believe that it is the voice of God.
However, the Chief Secretary promised in front of these leaders that he will ensure that this will not affect the people.
There are new power stations but why do they disappear first than those that have been built longer and why do they disappear because billions of rupees have been spent to buy power in these power stations" “That is why we want to have an investigation to find out who is involved in our employees or the officials of MeECL and we should punish those who collect personal wealth by stealing from the department. " said Bah Arju.
We will have to see that there is no loss of one community even if that is more populated.
Nepal today passed a new law on marriage between an Indian woman and a Nepalese man.
Brione Pohshna was elected president, secretary-Embok Suting, vice president-Mawsiang Nongrum and assistant secretary-Banker Siangshai.
This is the first time that the Khasi people have held such a Dorbar Bah in which the people from all over the country have taken part in the Dorbar. .
“We congratulate all the Ministers on their visit to Delhi soon to meet the Central Government so that they can return to the state with the good news of the implementation of the ILP in the state and also. also to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule,” said Bah Lambok.
Therefore, they are bright because the holy conscience of the morning comforts their hearts: for they have the light of God that keeps their feet from stumbling in the way of life.
For more information please call 9485432298.9
Shillong, Jymmang 15: “This government will not be able to hold all the shirts, there will be governments that will not be able to implement the Inner Line Permit,” said KSU President Daniel Khyriem. The General Executive Council of the KSU (KSU) was held today at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Bah Sokon donated the tuition fee of Bhalang which is not less than T9000/- tyngka.
The fare has been issued by the State Government on 25th September 2020 in Notification NO.TPT.91/80/813 to increase the fare from T.7 to T.11 per truck. T.8 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer for red roads, T.8 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer for gravel roads and T.10 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer for dirt roads.
Pala said this while answering a question on the number of opponents of the railway to Rilum Khasi Jaintia.
They are trying to lay the foundation stone and open the District/Civil Sub Division/C&RD Block everywhere and without finding anything, they are only trying to cover up their shortcomings.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government and the EDGE 10 Group kala wanrah ia u soh bad la lah ban ithuh iaki khynnah kiba la don iaki sap ki phong kiba nylla.
The ships that were bombed were Norway's Front Altair and Singapore's Kokuka Courageous. and these are the two ships.
"Bah Teibor at the same time expressed his hope that from the work he has done for the village of Mawlai, the people will give him the opportunity to continue to work at a higher level. on.
“These and the priority needs clause have boosted the economy in rural areas.
Nongstoiñ, June 25: The construction of the road from Nongstoiñ to Sohpian, which is only 9 kilometers long, has turned into a drama in the past few days. day.
“I have received the support of the MDCs who represent the constituencies in the Amlarem MLA Constituency,” said Bah Stephenson Mukhim. he lost the 2018 election.
Police have arrested one person, Ghosh, who touched the hand first and investigation is ongoing to arrest others involved.
The tournament will be opened on the 3rd June at 3 pm at the First Ground, Polo, Shillong in the presence of the Chief Minister, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. the Minister of Sports shall be the chief guest.
The Kur Lyngdon Marshilong Nongstoin Area Unit, on Saturday 18th October, held a Kur Dorbar at Nongstoin, to discuss the issue.
Now it's good for them.
Aiboklang Khongjee scored the winning goal for Rangdajied from the penalty spot in the 90th minute.
Because all the works required for all the districts, starting from these headquarters, will spread to other places,” he said, adding that the release of areas under Article only the reasons and consequences of this law can be changed anywhere later.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, MDCs of Mawkhar Constituency, JB Basaiawmoit and Sanlang Kharkongor on Saturday inaugurated the water tank. and water tanks for the supply of drinking water to the residents of Wahthapbroo.
“The government has not taken any decision to detain the ANVC-B rebels and will not take any decision against the will of the people,” she said. The meeting was led by the General Secretary of the KSU, Bah Auguster Jyrwa.
The same person sets the price of the goods he buys from the farmers and the goods he sells to them.
On the same day, the VP accompanied by (Dr.) Sudesh Dhankhar visited the Maa Kamakhya Temple in Guwahati.
The player has now joined Spurs in preparation for this season's tournament.
As usual every day after class, Rida went to the market to help her mother.
The delivery of parcels and other items from other states of India will reach Meghalaya directly.
On the other hand, Bah Kurkalang said that the action of MeECL is not appropriate, as the light has been cut off in the village especially at this time when many school children are in the middle of examinations.
In Ribhoi District, 2 cases were confirmed from outside the state, while in West Khasi Hills District, 10 cases were confirmed from Shallang.
The State Level Subroto Mukherjee Football Tournament organized by the Sports Department of the State Government has been held for the second day in the city.
During the inspection, the CoRP found that the sub center is no longer suitable for habitation as all the doors have been broken, and one of the rooms has been covered with dead trees.
Regarding the incident, the union has met with the SDO Amlarem and the SDO of Amlarem held a meeting today in the presence of the BSF. Waheh Shnong Muktapur, residents, incharge of BSF and leaders of JNC-Western zone to discuss the rape of the doctor by the BSF and unanimously, at this meeting it was decided to appoint a An Independent Inquiry has been set within two months to investigate the incident.
According to police sources, in a complaint lodged by the Principal of the school, Kong Wantimon Mawa, on Friday at 11:30 pm, she said that that she returned to school from a sick leave and found that there had been damage to her room.
The closing date for submission of nominations will be 29th June, 2016 and the date of review of documents will be 30th June, and the date of withdrawal of nomination will be 02nd June. .
Prof BK Tiwari said that all the medicinal plants are obtained from the forests and without the forests, there will be no medicinal plants.
It is also famous for making gold jewellery, making various types of jewelry, it is also famous for making various kinds of dishes from Khasi rice especially Pusaw, Pusyep, Putharo, Pumaloi, Pukhlein and other kinds of food.
Speaking to this reporter, many of the residents expressed their concern during the daytime fire especially as it is Saturday the day when the contractors have to work. They counted the days and the days when they received their wages from their masters.
This requires a thorough investigation and the Government of Meghalaya should discuss this issue with the Government of India.
Regarding the issues related to the coke factories, Pala said many things and strongly criticized that it is the fault of the government itself, especially those from the NPP and UDP parties. Speaking to Mawphor, Vincent Pala said that he has visited almost all the villages in the Sutnga-Saipung Constituency and has met many people. election, he will not come to campaign election and it is difficult to meet, but in fact for three months now I have visited almost every village, there are also villages where I have entered every household, so He said that in his journey as one of the leaders, he has found that the people really live in darkness in terms of development. He said that if he wins the election, he will promise that if he wins, he will be able to achieve his goals. To achieve this goal, he will take the first step to improve the roads, paths and as a leader he has many desires to help the poor and develop them.
“I don't have anything to say to Bah Paul but one thing in the fight we have to fight I have been going since last year.
Mychel B Nongsiej scored the third goal in the second half (53rd minute) and Rishanlang Myrthong scored the last goal in the 66th minute.
The program was held as part of the Shynrai Lakadong Festival organized by the Directorate of Horticulture and the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency. day at Pamsna Laskeiñ Block.
Shillong, June 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has ranked ninth in wealth out of 30 Chief Ministers of States and Union Territories in the country, according to the Association for Democratic Reform ( ADR).
Consumption of herbal medicines do not affect the health of the consumer of those medicines but they strengthen the immune system and and heal from diseases.
He suggested that this could be done by forming a team of 20-25 people depending on the local situation.
The fiercest fighting was in the Nongnah area where the strongholds of the Maharam Hima were built at Nongkdait, Mawtajem and Tynrong Bamon.
Individual awards including the Best Goalkeeper in the men's category went to Subhrata Rabha (North Garo Hills), Best Player in the men's category went to Shamiki Myrchiang. In the women's category, Larishisha Dkhar (East Jaintia Hills) and Nazarine D Sangma (West Khasi Hills) won the best goalkeeper title.
The Quality Management Systems Certification Scheme, the Environmental Management Systems Certification Scheme and the Food Safety Management Systems Certification Scheme are recognized by the National Accreditation Board for Certification Bodies (NABCB) against ISO/IEC 17021 standards.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the state government has taken seriously on this issue to monitor so that the Khasi language can be included in the Khyrnit.
The VPP has announced Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon as its MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Police have lodged a complaint on the incident.
The meeting was attended by Robertjung Kharjahrin, Polan Sohphoh and Jes Nongsiej.
“I was coming from Khliehriat and at that time, I saw with my own eyes that one of the wheels of the truck fell into the ditch and the driver could no longer control the steering wheel and fled into the forest. At the same time, the KSU has expressed its deep anger over this incident.
Nongstoiñ, June 4: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sengkmie has celebrated the Khasi National Awakening Day this year by holding a public meeting at Nongkhlaw village near the famous crematorium of U Syiem Tirotsing. Syiemlieh had established it as a military base in the past during the war against the Dohlieh who had attacked the children of thousands of the Hima Khatsawphra.
Suddenly he took a knife, cut off the leg of the cow, and poured water on the leg of the cow to remove the snier.
Why? Isn't it that the beautiful light has faded away? Let us speak briefly about this truth as we see it.
There has been a 'Free Movement Regime' in which Myanmar citizens have been allowed to travel freely up to 16 km to Mizoram, and there are many Myanmar citizens who are now they are still living in the state because of the violence in Myanmar.
The deceased was identified as Manoranjan Deb, 55, resident of Mawbah.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), which have agreed to work together in the election in the form of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA), will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. The Shillong Parliamentary Constituency will be elected as the candidate of choice for the Lok Sabha seat.
Even 5% of the country's youth are unemployed in these companies and factories.
Residents of about 1,000 houses in four districts of Uttarakhand have filed a complaint alleging damage to their houses due to the ongoing construction of the Rishikesh-Karnaprayag Railway Line. , said officials in charge of Rail Vikas Nigam Limited (RVNL), the team that implemented the project.
In chase, the CYC bowlers managed to score 136 runs in 35 overs for the loss of 9 wickets, which led to the defeat by 9 runs.
“We can't do this.
For those who get Niangkhnap, it is better to apply distilled water or rinse with distilled water by applying potassium permanganate to the trees.
You don't have to fly to get an escort or get a VIP vvip tag.
The findings were based on a survey by AIMO of 34,000 small enterprises in India.
“They have been confirmed after a thorough examination of the documents by the Law Department of the state government and others,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 27 : The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) on Thursday held an annual meeting of all deficit teachers from all over the Khasi Hills.
In the Men's Doubles 35+, Peterson L Lamare and Deymeniv Shullai won the title after defeating Rimilan Passah and Da-u-ru Laloo 10-21, 21-1 21–11.
“As we are political leaders, we are not citizens of India,” said Donbok. “If the Indian government doesn't provide us with educational institutions, adequate health facilities, has not been able to provide jobs for the youth, has not provided land, land, adequate border and the rights of the people we are not shisha we are citizens of India but we are only voters.
This is the first training in the region for women through Skills Meghalaya.
Bah PT Sawkmie also admitted that there are still groups who misunderstand that the development schemes introduced by the state government or the Nongmihkmat are bad. provides assistance for the improvement and development of villages and such misunderstandings should be removed.
Riboklang Hynniewta of Cricket Lovers took two wickets for 8 runs in 4 overs and Mehraf Sarkar took 2 wickets for 24 runs in 4 overs.
Two of these women are Phliak Mawlong and B Mawlong.
The program was organized in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, West Jaintia Hills. Your concern.
Shillong, March 05 : Border Patrol troops in East Khasi Hills on Tuesday seized 74 cows from the border.
At that moment we couldn’t see anything anymore and I felt like floating on a cloud.
In the complaint, the Secretary of Hima Nongspung alleged that Bishnu N Sangma of Barigaun, South Kamrup district, Assam, robbed him at the village on July 30 at 10 pm and shot and beat him. Morlen Marak sustained serious injuries to his right leg and right hand.
The Government has to appoint translators in Parliament, in all departments of the Central and State Governments, even in companies, where there are thousands of job opportunities.
A short speech and blessing was delivered by the Sirdar and Bah W.Majaw.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr A War, today said that the areas that need to be randomly tested are Khanapara and 13 Mile Ribhoi District. .
This will take time and the investigation is ongoing".
Motley Crue member Nikki Sixx has announced that the band is currently preparing for a new album which will be released soon.
KSU Mawlai Circle and HNYF Mawlai Circle wish the office bearers of the Sunjuk Rangbah Shnong a healthy body so that they can work better. “We pray that the struggle against the VAB will not stop until they win,” said a statement from various political parties in Mawlai.
Satellite images show that there has been a massive landslide, which has changed the landscape in the area and the roads have been widened and the roads have been changed. of the river.
The opposition leader India has demanded a thorough investigation into the bloodshed in Manipur and a clear statement of the cause of the incident. .
The approved funds amount to JPY 34,537 million and have been signed for the Northeast Road Network Connectivity Improvement Improvement Project (Phase 3) (II), to support the construction of the tallest bridge in India. The Dhubri-Phulbari Bridge, which connects Assam and Meghalaya from one side of the Brahmaputra River to the other.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen sharply to 3.8 lakh, bringing the total number of cases to 1,83,76,5 today.
Regarding this, the foreigners will meet with the heads of the Labor Department of the State Government.
Speech was also delivered by the Executive Engineer of PWD who confirmed these schemes announced by MLA Bah PT Sawkmie and said that these roads will soon be implemented.
Mukul said that until now, only the TMC is willing to fight against the BJP while other political parties in the state have remained silent and stopped fighting or speaking against the BJP. On the other hand, the TMC candidate from Nongstoiñ, Bah Macmillan Kharbani, while speaking at the meeting, said that the people have experienced and seen the secret plans of the BJP. The TMC has come to help the people to fight against the BJP. He said that the TMC has ruled West Bengal and has seen that the people and Christians there are peaceful and harmonious unlike in the BJP ruled states where Christians have been facing problems for many years.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Nongkseh and surrounding villages have faced a serious problem due to the deterioration of the Patharlyndan road to the banks of the Wah Umtrew which is about 18 km long. It has also ordered that ambulances be able to transport patients to these areas.
Does the Government have the eyes to see, the ears to listen or the wisdom to take a decision at the right time,” asked Bah Nongrum.
On the other hand, Prof.Kma said that although the JAC understands that there is a slight loss of students, but this will be a temporary loss and perhaps it will bring back benefits in the future. Noting that now everything depends on the VC, he said, “This VC doesn't take care of the matter.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills PK Boro as the chief guest inaugurated the tournament in the presence of District School Education Officer Kong P Syiem, District Sports Officer Ma K Passah, members and leaders of WJDSA. He urged the children to participate in this tournament with the spirit of sports and congratulated all the participants.
The spread of Covid-19, the lockdown on income, the discrimination from the youngest to the oldest, the increase in the price of education and the increase in the price of food items and especially the census slaves to their own brothers and sisters just to feed themselves they are ready to sell us without payment for the sake of the future of peace.
With one voice, in order for our State to be clean and free from corruption, we must do something to clean it up once again.
And when I try to translate into Khasi for me alone, it means neither in heaven nor on earth,” said Prestone Tynsong.
The venues for the tournament are St Anthony's School, JN Stadium, Polo, U Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium, Shillong Club, Laban Sports Club Indoor Stadium, Assam Regimental Centre, Crinoline Swimming Pool.
However, as we can see, the Christmas and New Year celebrations of the MDA government are not over yet! Amit Shah has counted the votes of 34 lakh people of Meghalaya.
“We have held this meeting with the District Council Affairs (DCA) on Friday,” said the CEM of KHADC. On the other hand, ARPA wants to wait until it wants to study the needs of the amendment.
The CEM said that some of the rivers will be declared as Protected Rivers and if anyone tries to destroy these rivers by polluting or killing the enemies, they will be punished. a fine with penalties which can also include imprisonment.
The new cases include 62 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 from Bhoi and 2 from West Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the President of the party, Samla Donbok Dkhar, in his speech, said that the Minister has deceived the people of the state by signing the MOU through Google Map.
It is important to follow a healthy lifestyle and avoid many activities and habits that put high blood pressure.
Kitbok said the union demands that the Mylliem C&RD Block and the PWD department should not take the wrong decision on this inspection especially to encourage the indigenous people who set up shops to earn money near the road. 7mer road has been around for many years.
The 1875 years were years of painful punishment for the children of Israel because they rejected the truth and crucified their Messiah.
Para Khasi, there are many threats and threats whether in the field or in the newspaper.
The hole is 180 feet deep.
The first refers to a life of eating and earning from the land and the second is the respect for others and for God the Creator.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: Out of the total number of married couples in East Khasi Hills, only 321 have been registered with the government so far.
In his speech , the Chief Minister , Conrad K Sangma , who is also in charge of the budget for the year , said that the allocation for Sports & Youth Affairs is T .208 crore, an increase of about 13 percent.
He also directed the officers to ensure the safety of the house and to find out the cause of the fire.
If the Sixth Schedule doesn't apply, why doesn't it apply?
The final was attended by Raliang MLA Coming One Ymbon who was the chief guest, Romeo Suchiang President VDP Raliang and other village leaders.
The tournament was held from 1st to 3rd November at Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra in Guwahati, Assam. skills and encouragement to local entrepreneurs in the North East of India.
Initially, the police suspected a man and arrested him. After investigation, he confessed that he was one of those involved in the kidnapping and murder of Damehipaia.
The Mupyut Dorbar Shnong has decided to allow the use of this land as a garbage dump for Jowai for three months.
We can meet the MLA at any time, how can we elect others who don't even pick up the phone and even meet him is difficult.
There is hope that the project will be a success and there is no reason to speculate at this point.
Happy and satisfied workers are a blessing, but this is not the case in Meghalaya because the farmers in the State are suffering.
Replying to this, Bah Tynsong admitted that it is disappointing because it takes time to investigate and prosecute the perpetrators.
They also discussed the need to participate in the upcoming elections in 2023, but on clear and fair grounds.
After the programme, a COVID-19 prevention campaign was also witnessed at the venue.
Nongstoiñ, June 6: KSU Nongstoiñ Circle under the leadership of Assistant Organizing Secretary Pynskhem Wanniang, on Tuesday said that the KSU Nongstoin Circle (KSU Nongstoin Circle) has sent a letter to the Minister of Migrant Workers. Five foreign carpenters have been abducted from Nongpyndeng village of Bah Donboklang Syiem.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court of India has ruled that it cannot legally recognize same sex marriage. the same right to marriage for LGBTQIA+ people in the country.
Regarding the number of public health centres, Mawhati constituency has three PHCs, one in Mawhati, Mawlasnai and one in Umtrai, a village in the Umsiang area.
The body was recovered by ROV 280 feet into the spider cave in the 370-foot-deep cave with 200- to 400-foot-long spider webs.
Founder Passah scored the first goal for Khliehingriang in the 34th minute.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will distribute awards to the students who pass well in various examinations.
Conrad said this in the House today in reply to a question raised by Congress MLA Mayralbon Syiem on the impact of the NRC from Assam to Meghalaya. They are the ones who have been expelled from Assam.
He said that the road from Kseh Bilat-Laitkor to 5 Mer has now turned into a road where not only the vehicles of the people living in the area pass through but everyone comes. walk along the road.
“We have had a detailed meeting between MLAs, health officers, nurses, supervisors, DHS and National Health Mission (NHM) officers in Nongstoiñ, where we discussed the work of the department. health.
The Enforcement Wing, led by Bah F.Kharsyntiew and his followers, who numbered about 5 persons, at the same time during the inspection of Trading and Labor License. , was attended by the village leaders of Mawsmai and Barridua.
The 30 cases in East Khasi Hills District include 18 cases from Jhalupara, 6 cases from Anjalee and 6 cases from Upper Mawprem.
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 98, RBD: 10, SWKH: 6, WGH: 3, WJH: 2 and WKH:
However, the HNLC has admitted that it has rejected the request of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
They know the problem, it is not that the government is trying to hide it but it is because the central government has not released the money,” said Bah Lahkmen.
Due to the negligence and lack of attention of the PWD department to the safety of the people, the accident has resulted in the death of Dr Sanjoy K Shylla.
Within the Cabinet, Government Ministers have the right to discuss, disagree and object before reaching a decision.
After a while in the second half, Rangdajied FC scored the second goal through Damehun in the 60th minute. col.
At the same time, he added that the participation in the tournament has been arranged by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA). to take part.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma was the chief guest and the meeting was conducted by Rupert Green Marbaniang.
The students have vowed that if the authorities cannot resolve their demand, they will monitor and reconsider the path of protest.
He said that one of the issues they have discussed is the ILP, where the state government has already accepted the ILP in the parliament, but so far the state government has not gone to the ILP. followed by reasons to approve the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The drugs seized on the day were packed in 200 soap boxes.
The photograph shows that there is no change from the one taken in June 2018 and there is no damage to the building and there is no damage to the trees behind the madrasa. .
It is also reported that the UPF, which includes the PDF, NCP and MLAs, wants the Lamphang to join the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
They lost by eight wickets.
The Shnong would like to express its gratitude to those who have donated books and other gifts for the maintenance of this Library.
Shillong: The Raid Laban Sports Social and Cultural Organization, as usual every year, congratulates all the students and this time too through the 17th Meritorious Award for Students Women and men who have passed well in various examinations such as SSLC / HSSLC / ICSE / ISC / CBSE / DEGREE / PG / Diploma etc for the year 2019-2020, who have passed in the 1st Division and above.
MeCEL has owed NEEPCO T.379 crore and due to non-payment, NEEPCO has suspended its electricity supply for about 10 years.
Bah Shylla, he is still very intelligent, he speaks stories, writes literature and the words he speaks are difficult to translate, if you are not people who know all the laws and regulations of the nation and he is a good reader of the Bible, a good reader of the Constitution and a good reader of the Sixth Schedule and perhaps it is about his wisdom, to think about different issues and then the speed. I don't know why, but in the past few years, I've been calling myself High Speed ​​Shylla.
Shillong: The Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya will meet from 6th November 2019, said a statement from Dr Andrew Simons, Commissioner & Secretary, Office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today.
He said that the union has received many complaints from the consumers, where the increase in electricity bill during these times has been excessive and when the consumers go to inquire about the electricity bill. The increase in electricity bills, often they are harassed by the employees and do not explain clearly to the public who want to know about the increase in electricity bills.
Nongstoiñ: Assam Regimental Center FT (ARC) has reached the quarter final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) organized by the Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC).
In the Khasi Hills, it is now higher than the mountains (5000-6000 ft).
Isn't this a sale of the power of the people?
Marak said the suspect had a .22 pistol and seven rounds of ammunition.
In this place there are mawbynna (male and female stones), these stones are the special stones of the kurs of the Hima Jaintiapur, and these stones were placed for the purpose of giving eat the dead ancestors on the day of the feast of unleavened bread.
Therefore, we have to be very careful from now on,” said Ardent.
He said that the measures taken by the government in the field of health are not only in the way of providing health services but also from the point of view of lifestyle. of people.
“We have decided to issue a directive or circular to all departments to check the wires and other old electrical equipment in case of any short circuit,” said Mondal.
Umphyrnai SC won the U-10 Football League 2023 (men) by beating Sohryngkham 4-1
He said that the Bansara Eye Care which has been traveling from one village to another has been a blessing and an encouragement to the people that they should not be afraid of this part of the country. it is with the eyes because if we lose our eyes our life is lost.
Shillong: U Aditya Singhania led Meghalaya to victory over Mizoram in the Ranji Trophy match in Kolkata on Thursday.
Although other junior personnel have been arrested, CM Jha, the most important member of the university, has not been arrested yet.
The cold storage was inaugurated in 2001 by Bah EK Mawlong, when he was the Chief Minister of the state.
The union leaders urged that as the head of the district, he should take responsibility for the welfare of the people in the area, by ensuring that such development works for the benefit of border villages, should move forward and complete.
He expressed his gratitude to the state government for providing financial assistance for their participation in Malaysia.
“To cause trouble inside the House is not pleasant in front of the people.
Earlier, Sarafina had passed the examination four years ago.
The Congress doesn't have any issues with others and thus it just misleads the people”.
A red sky was also seen as a sign of the fire that has destroyed the forests of Canada in recent days.
The 365 days to say goodbye and bid farewell to 2019 will be closed.
“Croatia has surprised to reach the final in the world, which still has the largest number of refugees in Assam,” he said.
Tura, July 19: U Pynskhemborlang Marngar of West Khasi Hills and Olivia Dkhar of West Jaintia Hills have won the title of Champion of Champion in the arm wrestling tournament. The 4th Meghalaya Games, which were held in Tura.
Referring to the match in Jowai, Sein Pynbhalang came back strongly to win after suffering three defeats.
In the second semi-final, Rymbai Iawpynsing beat Khliehriat West YWSC 2-1. Phirip Lyngdoh scored the second goal in the 56th minute and Rimiki Rymbai in the second minute. the 67′.
November is the month of examinations for school children.
The owner of the dumper has informed the Meghalaya Police from Ri Bhoi District who have been working hard to search for the dumper. Friends of the owner of the vehicle saw the truck while it was driving in Nongpoh area and stopped the vehicle in front of the Petrol Pump near Saiden and immediately informed the Nongpoh Police. Station.
The second meeting will be held on 13.12.2019 at 2.00 PM at the same CD Hall at Mission Compound, Shillong.
However, there was another fierce ticket race between Aicifull K Muslim from Nongstoin and Fernandez Dkhar, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Youth Congress.
Shillong, Lber 03: Leaders of the Seng Khasi Seiñ Raij, on Tuesday, submitted to the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit regarding the rights of minorities. as provided for in the Constitution of the country.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these goods, they can lodge a complaint with the undersigned by writing their name and village so that they can be punished. they.
According to Bah Nongrum, the Village Administration Bill aims to provide for the rules and regulations in the administration of Villages, Hima, Elaka and to protect and empower the Dorbar Shnongs according to the Constitution of the Village Administration Bill. that before.
It helps to remove toxins from the body, snepkor water also helps for the proper digestion of the kidneys and contains those drugs that can protect against various diseases and and to heal the sick.
Priority Household (PHH) rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per head free of charge for rural and urban areas.
Warning: It is very difficult to trust anyone in today's world, there is a lot of selfishness.
Please take this golden opportunity, which you will only get once in your life.
And we see these achievements as signs of change and public understanding of how leaders are elected.
“He said the party will consider whether to replace the post of Minister between Hamletson Dohling and Gavin Mylliem.
He said that the Dorbar will be attended by the children of the Hima Mylliem, so that all the activities of the Hima will be transparent to the public.
“People who are seriously ill are no longer able to get proper treatment to better places because of the lack of access,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Rangbah Shnong has flocked to the offices of their MLAs and MDCs to apply for residence certificates as the Rangbah Shnong has no authority to issue village certificates to them since They were sentenced on November 10, 2014 in the High Court.
Bansahnam Nongbet won the Gold Medal in the 24Kg category from the Sub-Jr Boys E/K/H (St.Francis H/S School, Smit).
Why are they afraid of the people when it was the people who won them over? Wow! When they came to the election campaign, they used to say, if you elect me and if I win I will serve you.
As a suggestion, we have already started working on a vision, a plan for the future of where this university will reach in the coming years”.
Dr Kumar has been promoted as the new SP of the CID in place of Dara Aswaghosh.
This building is a memorial to Kiang Nangbah to this day.
Today, this old man has passed away, and he was buried with honor, today; However, at the time of his funeral, one of the soldiers or volunteers who took part in the Hill State, Bah Sharaid Nongbri, went up to his house and saluted the volunteer. hill state.
The match between the two teams was very friendly and at the end of the first half no one could score.
“We who carry daju are fined T.200 or T.300 most of the time just because we don't travel in vehicles,” said Bah Constantine Lyngdoh.
The training we receive from financial literacy enables us to become better financially literate.
This does not mean that other talented singers from our state cannot rise to the level of the Shillong Chamber Choir.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Three organizations from Jaintia Hills District including the Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF), the Jaintia Hills Circle JHC and the Jaintia National Union (JHC) have strongly condemned the assault and shooting of Balen Thubru. Two journalists, Ruhi Phawa (Rupang/Riluk) and Paul Lamare (Door Darshan Kendra Shillong), were arrested on Tuesday night at 9:30 pm in Soomer West Jaintia Hills. .
The Khasi Jaintia Pig Butcher Association (KPI) has also criticized the speech of Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, who has addressed the people by saying, “Beware of eating pork”. The issuance of the warning has frightened the people to eat meat and also affects us as pork traders and producers.
Jews do not eat the meat of four-legged animals such as cows, pigs, goats, sheep, and others.
He accused the government that the intention to dismiss the confirmed teachers has made the teachers like Langknia while the illegal appointment in other government departments has not been pushed.
In West Khasi Hills alone, we have a road project from Nongstoin-Rambrai-Kyrshai to Chaygoan (Kamrup District) which is about 75-80 km; Then we have a 170 km highway project from Mawphlang, Weiloi, Mawsynram, Balat, Ranikor, Nongjri and Moheskola to Baghmara; We have a Nongstoin-Maweit-Kulang-Nongjri road project; There is also a road project from Riangdo to Athiabari-Hahim to Boko (Kamrup District).
Smoking is associated with dysfunction and pollutes the internal organs of the body.
Suhsieng, one of the newest bands from Mawlai, has released the song 'Khrismas Basuk' on its Youtube Channel.
The Karbi had been waiting for the farmers of Lapangap village since morning and when they saw that the farmers of Lapangap village had come to the field to look at the water, in the field, they were shot with bird shot. and the shooting lasted all day long.
“Especially many of the teachers are too old to look for jobs elsewhere and many of the teachers have their own households to support themselves. Once again we appeal to the government to think about our lives,” they said.
In Laitumkhrah area, the same problem has been faced by the residents and the Dorbar Shnong has taken a decision to ban the land vendors and will also strictly control the land vendors. that they should not block the paths of the people.
At the same time, they must bring a passport size photograph, Aadhaar Card, birth certificate recognized by the Municipal Board / CHC / PHC. ma Shngainlang Suting (Amlarem Block) 7628865644, ma Sailon Syngkrem (General Secretary ASSA, Amlarem Block) 76300363152, ma Rangbah Suchiang (Laskeiñ Block) 8787599527, ma 4 Nabok108 Sungo5h then Block) 7005150944, which Welborn Lyngdoh (Thadlaskein Block) 986367549, ma Player Suna (Thadlaskeiñ Block) 8731076404.
Earlier on Friday, there were 69,070 new cases in a single day.
In a statement, the President of the HYC, Sohra, S.Nongrum and the GS, P.Nongrum, said that the lack of ambulance vehicles has affected especially the poor and there have been times when the the soul of a precious man is lost.
The Government's dismissal of 1200 teachers in the State, which happened in 2021, has caused the teachers to face difficulties and perhaps affected their minds. how to support their families and support their children in their studies.
This charter should cover all the needs of the villages and people living in the border areas.
The market was inaugurated by the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek.
Such people do not trust in God's guidance and rebel against his actions.
He said that the union has immediately called the MBoSE authorities to meet with them, but it has been learned that the MBoSE officials were not in Shillong when they went. go to Guwahati.
The villages on the border between Meghalaya and Assam are Desh Domria village under Mylliem Hima, Borduar village under Nongspung Hima and Nongkhlaw Hima. Sohiong and in the Jirang Hima, Langpih village under the Nongmynsaw Hima and Block-II which still falls under the Raid Nongtung of the Khyrim Hima.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has taken note of the complaint of the farmers that the traders should stop the kilo cut of agricultural products such as jhur brought to the market and the farmers should not cooperate with the market. kriah is the byrni.
The New Zealand Test team has announced its unchanged squad for the upcoming two Test matches against Sri Lanka. Lanka.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting of the Organizing Committee held at the Secretariat, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, said, “The department will give its full support to the The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has decided to hold the Meghalaya Games to provide an opportunity for youngsters to showcase their talents in sports.
Even the food shops which have been allowed to open and encouraged to sell inside the shops, but there are still shops that are clean and the magistrates have closed these shops in Iawmusiang.
Therefore, I believe that this inquiry is only for fun.
The KSU said that this incident is due to the negligence and irresponsibility of the authorities in charge that although the transformer is near the school but it has not been installed and this is the reason for such incidents. tragic event.
Dadapbiang Lyngdoh won the gold medal in the Sub Junior Girls category, Valarie Suchiang won the silver medal in the lead climbing category and the bronze medal went to U. Bhabok Nongkhlaw in the bouldering of the Sub Junior Boys.
Speaking to reporters, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said that through projects and schemes, the department builds dams, irrigation canals, wells and pedestrian bridges. and irrigation systems, ponds and more.
In Tura, incumbent MP and NPP candidate Agatha Sangma, Congress candidate Saleng A Sangma, TMC candidate Zenith Sangma and independent candidate Laben Ch Marak have filed their nomination papers.
"Then my mother and father stay in the village..." asked Riia's father again. "Yes, Pa...they stay in the village..." replied Deisy.
Shillong has eight candidates while Tura has only two.
It is a shame to see and hear that our MLAs from time to time blame the customs and traditions in order to support and criticize their inability to take the necessary decisions when we face problems. those who belong to the earth.
According to him, the purpose is to bring khadar administration and services to the people under one house or one yard so that the people can go to one place and get all the services. and all the help they need.
Speaking as one of the most successful groups, Bah Markstarwell Langte, Nongkdait Nongtwah IVCS explained about the progress of the IVCS.
Where sir?.
“The introduction of this scheme is a lyer bih, because through this scheme, the PDF party has been formed especially the MDCs who have received this scheme who have never received it before in the history of KHADC. There is no MDC scheme in 2014-15, because the State Government has not paid the MDC scheme. “We have released the phone and now we have seen that only Rs 100 crore according to the Assembly budget has been passed for the District Councils,” said Pangniang.
Shillong: The Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) is ready to collect its equipment from Shillong from vehicles and others to Jharkhand. from Lower New Colony, Laitumkhrah to the office of AMD at Nongmensong, Shillong.
The Minister said the Milk Mission will also look into the lack of proper marketing facilities for milk in Meghalaya.
The program was conducted by the President of the Association, Bah Richard Sun in the presence of members, teachers, parents, players in the open and students from 6 leading schools of the district. .
“Besides, when MePDCL plans to supply electricity to Mawdiangsnam and Umyiap, the Assam police can suspend the scheme until the government has to suspend the scheme, because it has received a letter from the contractor. The Assam police have threatened to arrest and punish him if he continues to operate the line.
The policeman, from West Bengal, sustained injuries to his arm.
He said that if the government allows the CMPDI to prepare a plan for the resumption of coal mining in the state, it will cause a big problem as the department does not know the situation. of land in this state.
One probably can buy luxury items like chairs, cupboards, house colors, various beautiful decorations to decorate the house.
The anthem was launched online by Governor Phagu Chauhan in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Tura MP Agatha Sangma, Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang and others. Officer of the Department of Arts & Culture.
Kynsai and two other friends went to sum in the thwei.
The HYC also promised to take responsibility to fight hard and to take as one of its goals to include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule which India should recognize.
During the time of Dr. John Roberts, our country was divided into two parts, one known as British India or British Area and the other as the Indian Native State. One of the largest Indian states is the Hima Jaintia which became part of British India in
Shillong: The Executive Committee of Nohwet Village will hold its Annual General Meeting on the 31st July 2019 at 9.30 am and will end at 3 pm at the Nohwet Village Dorbar Hall.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 17: Due to heavy rainfall all day due to sudden change in weather conditions, the organizers of the Cherry Blossom Festival have had to cancel all the programs on the opening day of the festival. The meeting was held at Kurkalang Square, Bhoirymbong District.
Dr. Homiwell Lyngdoh Nonglait in his book 'Niam Khasi' said that the name Khasi includes all the Khasi, Khasi Pnar, Khasi War, Khasi Maram, Khasi Khynriam, Khasi Bhoi and Khasi Lyngngam.
However, out of these, only 948 have come to work in the state.
“Conrad said that for posts which do not have enough data, the roster point will start from
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Suiñ said that in the 2018 election, he did not get full support from all the villages due to the short time but this time he has received good support from the hill areas. Mawsynram and other places and expects the border residents of different ethnic groups to join the UDP. “I have stood firm,” he said, adding that the UDP is not a Khasi party as alleged by the opposition but it is for everyone.
Passah said that regarding the demand of the party which has already been sent to the Chief Minister regarding the cancellation of the personal interview from October 2022, but until now The party has not yet received a reply.
KYRMEN will arrive safely.
The final will be played on Saturday at 4:30 pm.
Shillong: Shillong has increased its production of Umsoh and Wine on Thursday with the opening of a microbrewery named “Yeastern Civilization” located in Laitumkhrah. I'm not from Shillong.
NPP leaders have been waiting for Longkumer for two days, but when he did not return, they lodged a complaint with the police.
Meanwhile, Kejriwal congratulated Modi for congratulating him on this glorious victory and said that he will soon meet Modi to discuss many issues related to the country's economy. Delhi and told Modi that he needs assistance from the central government.
There have been 506 recoveries, 365 new cases and 5 deaths on Tuesday.
Shillong, November 11: Police on Saturday recovered the body of Hedrin Rynjah from a house in Dongkanan, Laitkyrhong village, East Khasi Hills District.
The office provides training in tailoring, knitting, carpentry, computer and others to help the youth to stand on their own feet, said the Functional Manager.
Nongstoiñ, November 6: The Inspection Bungalow of the PWD ® Department in Nongstoiñ, after being renovated and renovated, has become the most attractive and beautiful place among the IBs in Nongstoiñ.
The program was enriched by a drama on the life and struggle of this freedom fighter, by Kong Lapdiang Syiem and her team. They included the Assistant Director of the Constitutional Affairs Department, Kong D.Kharjana, the Advocate of the Supreme Court of India and the author of the book “ Daniel Stone, Sordar of Nongrmai Village, Bah S. Nongrang and one of the members of the Lyngdoh Kur, Bah Marshall Lyngdoh Nonglait.
“They have come to meet me too, where we have listened to what they have said and expressed, but until now we have not discussed this issue within the party or decided anything,” he said.
The public hearing was attended by Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Abilash Baranwal, IAS, ADC of East Jaintia Hills, Bah SS Syiemlieh and others.
He said that the most important thing is the connection of road from one village to another because stand alone cannot be achieved.
New Delhi: An Air India passenger named Shankar Mishra has been arrested after he robbed an 80-year-old woman of her card. the same flight from New York to Delhi on 26 November
According to Elias, there are 10 households and each household has more than 5 people, some have 5 people, some have 7 and some have 8 people. When you ask how many people have those 10 households.
The landfill at Marten, Shillong is currently a place filled with garbage and has threatened even the Damsite because if the well collapses into parts of the old road. Without fail, the garbage will flow into this most important dam in Meghalaya as it is also the source of electricity for the state.
Students who have passed Class VI to SSC should have scored 70% or above, those who have passed Class XII should have scored 65% or above, those who have passed Graduate/Post Graduate/Professional Course should have scored 60% or above, and those who have passed P.H.D cannot be sent.
According to the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) of the Katakey Committee, there should be no video footage of the coal mining but there is no video footage.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday held a meeting between the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAA) Titos Starwell Chyne and CEM Thombor Shiwat. The Jaintia Hill Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has announced that it will meet with the Union Defense Minister Amit Shah on the 14th and 15th of this month in Shillong.
However, to tell the truth, the blackout in other states is longer and more difficult.
Her contributions have raised the status of Meghalaya.
After returning to the village, they were quarantined for 28 days.
In the Under-17 Women's Tournament, Ïewrynghep SS (East Khasi Hills) beat Rangthong Christian HSS (South West Khasi Hills) 2-1
The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle Girls Wing will soon meet with the law enforcement authorities such as the DC South West Khasi Hills to speed up the investigation into such cases so that the victims can get a fair trial. .
The money will be sent to the account number associated with Aadhaar.
He said the amount of T.5 lakh for the prize and the expenditure of T.5 lakh.
The Winter Queen 2015 is a 22-year-old student of BA 3rd Year English Honors at St. Mary's College Shillong.
At this programme, one of the Fish Processing Units of Y.Kharsyntiew SHG was inaugurated in Mairang at Umwiehsup, Mairang. 2021-2022, which was implemented by the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries, Nongstoin. At the program in Mairang, the participation of the Superintendent of Fisheries, Nongstoin, Bah A.Laloo, other employees of the Fishery Department, the Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem KM Syiemlieh, Village Leaders and the people of the area.
On the two issues of MUDA and VAB, the CEM said that they will be discussed again now as the state government has a new government.
Nathienal Kent says, “In the fifteenth century the poor lived in misery and misery in the crowded and dirty neighborhoods of the City.
Nongstoiñ: Shillong Lajong FC have had to leave home early from the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) organized by Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC) this year after being defeated by Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC). in the first match of the tournament which was held on Saturday at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium.
James Sangma will hold the Home (Police), Food and Civil Supplies, Power, District Council Affairs and Law.
At the same time, he said that in the past, most of the thefts committed in this market were by non-Khasis.
This young man is punctual and punctual and does not hesitate to go to work.
These students and people from the District who have arrived from those states and countries affected by COVID-19, are advised to stay away from crowded places and stay indoors. (Four) days.
The sad thing is that if the Government of Meghalaya has been working from one government to another for 47 years, as it is now, it will not be long before Meghalaya. it will become the State of Tripura.
After failing to meet, they decided to meet tomorrow and also send a notice to the DC and SP of Ri Bhoi, which is a request to them to support the The Union of Rangbah Shnongs, who have set up a gate at the site, have set up a gate to prevent the entry of the people.
On the other hand, MEMRIWU leader Roipar Kharrasswai said that there are 205 field staff employees and 180 of them have joined the strike. He said that this is just a ploy by the Management to establish GVK in the State.
At the same time, he said that the last time the Council received an audit report from the CAG was in
We cannot say that there are many children who know the suffering and happiness of their parents who are true and know man and know God but the guidance and discipline of their parents saves their lives from the shackles of it. Today, those who guard the wicked and those who do not know the good and the evil, because often the wicked fall into the trap of the wicked.
Throughout the whole world, the children of the dead have been destroyed.
Nongpoh: The driver and follower of a truck (AS-01-NC-7796) have been forced to throw away a lot of garbage on the Umsning By-pass. It was after the leaders and members of the RBYF Lumnongrim Unit, found them and sent a driver and follower that they had to leave again.
According to the rules, if a minister contests for the post of Speaker of the House, he must resign before filing his nomination papers.
We have lost even our loved ones because of the bad condition of the road which we cannot even reach the hospital in time which is also sad that even the ambulance or Ambulance 108 is not available. to come to this place of ours.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs and residents of the area have expressed their appreciation to the BSF Meghalaya for distributing essential items and medical assistance to the residents in need. border.
This decision was taken after the death of pigs in different parts of the state in the past few days.
Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh's marriage has come under fire after Sikh leaders opposed the couple's bringing the holy book of Ranveer Singh. The Sikhs or Guru Grant Sahib went to the Gurudwari.
Nongpoh: U Ricky Kharmawlong of Saiden village, has been seriously injured in an accident on the NH-6, Saiden village. The vehicle collided with a Bolero Pick-up driven by a drunk driver.
This will be the first time that they have spoken to the media as members.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has strongly criticized the Coordination and Welfare Committee (CWC) for its discrimination against the killing of two foreigners in Ichamati.
The teachers were also awarded the District Award.
He said that the party has a strong suspicion that the courage of Assam to cross the border and destroy the border villages is due to the presence of ID Card/EPIC in both the states (Meghalaya & Assam).
The group has announced that it will hold a curfew on the 8th of this month to demand Garoland.
The state government will release a compensation of T.4 lakh to each of the deceased and pay it to their families, he said.
He said that the people came because they trusted and loved him because they saw the work he has done in these few months that he was in power. that, that wan by kaba for agreement for honor.
Out of 22 members of the Indian Red Cross Society, 17 people donated blood.
She held a meeting of other creatures, such as Kyllang, Symper, Leilieh, to discuss before the Shyllong or Shu Lang was buried.
Bah Sameer, 46, is survived by his wife and two daughters.
Kitborlang Marbaniang, 10 years old, was killed by his enemy on the night of the 17th June
There are 159 examination centers for SSLC and 108 for HSSLC in all 12 districts.
“According to the signs of the rituals which have started since July, it is hoped that we will celebrate Behdieñkhlam as usual, so that we can celebrate with colors and dance,” said Ma Shallam.
Treesa Jolly in collaboration with Gayatri Gopichand also left the tournament after giving a w/o to Jeong Na Eun and Kim Hye Jeong of South Korea in the pre-quarterfinals.
The issue of signboards will come first for discussion at this meeting.
The award was presented to him by former Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan in
“He has never received any benefits, benefits from the job he has served, savings and insurance, this cannot go on like this.
Mawphor reporter Kong AL Tron who took part in the walk with the members of STEDS found that inside the forest there are still 30 species of trees, wild flowers. , the forest is filled with the sweet voices of birds singing.
“During this meeting, the most important thing is that we have been able to agree for the return of the HNLC leaders to take part in the peace talks,” he said.
One of the most important reasons is the exploitation of those involved in politics that instead of creating ways and means to open up the doors for those who sell in the market, they are strengthening their position. They have even passed various laws to put pressure on the government.
At the opening ceremony of the training programme, 35 Assistant Professors from various institutions including Odisha University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT), Bhubaneswar; Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswavidyalay (BCKV), West Bengal, Assam Agricultural University (AAU), Jorhat Central Agricultural University.
Her daughter Arunima Lama was wearing a blue T-shirt, blue jean skirt and slippers.
Father Matta died on 17th July 1963, at the turn of the BUR (Khwan) where he lived while he was watching the Wahmyntang disaster.
God spoke and it was so.
We are a generation that sees the rise of the Tree (Israel) and that the Lyiur or times of trouble are coming, and we see the branches that sprout leaves (the countries of the world) and by this we know that cut you long hajan.
“After this, we will hold meetings where the Congress will take a final decision on the names of the candidates with the approval of the President of the AICC and the official list of candidates will be announced publicly,” he said. Gogoi.
Even among us, the sons of the Khasi Pnar people, who came from the womb of the woman, there are still those who oppose the transfer of jait ai kur to the mother or the woman. Your customs and traditions are yours.
Meanwhile, the Under Secretary General Administration (A) Department has declared three days of mourning for the death of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh. 28th and 29th of this month, and during these days of mourning, all government activities will be suspended and the flag will be raised at half-mast in all government offices across the state. on November 29, 2015.
This is happening in Assam, Tripura and the North East,” he said.
Shri Lindstorm K Marak, Headmaster, Rugapara Deficit Secondary School, also awarded the District Award to 33 teachers and for East Khasi Hills, who received the award. to Smti.
Babu FC Shullai, General Secretary of APSTA and Secretary of the All India Primary Teachers Federation (APSTA), on Tuesday said that the state government will give a holiday to all primary schools on the 4th November The Open Session will start at 2 pm and Bah DP Wahlang, IAS, Chief Secretary of the State will be the Chief Guest.
The monument was inaugurated by Bah KP Pangñiang, President of the party, in the presence of the landowners who donated the land, the relatives of (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, Danielstone Lyngdoh Nonglait, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait and others.
However, the project has not yet been implemented.
The evening bombings claimed the lives of 71 people and left more than 185 others seriously injured.
These leaders of these two offices were confirmed and sworn in by the President of HITO Ri Bhoi District, Bah Ban Kharnaior.
Ma Phyllut said that according to his information, at the time of the EVM incident, Thombor Shiwat, Congress candidate, was at the PS. He who ordered his supporters to force the votes of others (Proxy) and threatened to shoot the people who were protesting there.
The song has become so popular that the Jerusalem Dance Challenge has been held on social media and from the rulers to the religious people have participated.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng, 10: The Superintendent of Police (SP), South West Khasi Hills District, has issued a notice to the public if any vehicles are found passing by and have been smuggled or replaced with illegal items. and which may be subject to fines and penalties under the Motor Vehicles Act (Amendment) 2019, Motor Rules Act 1989 and the order of the Supreme Court of India.
During the interview, it was reported that Akbar was under the influence of alcohol and ordered her to sit next to him.
Therefore, we understand that it will be on the issue that these pastors are being tried for their campaign against Aadhaar.
Shillong: The State Government has announced the rules for the opening of churches from 1st March
Shillong: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima has been summoned to appear before the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) in New Delhi.
There are also barracks and quarters for the police to protect the Nepalis and their villages.
“Such trees are rare, they are useful in many ways, besides helping to fertilize the soil and improve the environment, they are also medicines for many kinds of health. diseases to us human beings,” said the statement.
Six deaths were reported from West Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills, two from South West Khasi Hills and one from East Khasi Hills.
“In the Sixth Schedule, we are empowered to transfer the title to the Mother.
However, it appears that the Meghalaya government has ignored the order of the Court and has not issued any notice to the various government departments except the Commissioners & Secretaries of the Ministry of Labour. the District Council Affairs (DCA) and the Deputy Commissioner of the districts.
In the second half, Precious Tang scored two goals in the 5th & 27th minutes for Royal Pole Mihmyntdu by beating Royal Pole Mihmyntdu 3-1 and Samsauru Papiah in the 45th minute.
At the end of the tournament, the Pala District Youth Assembly would like to thank the Chief Guests and Symbud Guests from the beginning until the end of the tournament as well as the Pastors and Elders of the Pala District Youth Assembly. .
Tura, Jymmang 14 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma and Chief Adviser to the Chief Minister, Thomas Sangma on Saturday, The foundation stone for the construction of the PA Sangma Medical Skill Hub worth Rs 150 crore at Dumindikgre near Babadam, West Garo Hills.
Shillong, March 11: The preparations for the MDC election in GHADC to be held tomorrow have been completed and all the necessary arrangements have been made for the election. individual candidates.
"The social agreement could have been a memorable day but the prime minister who should have been involved has not been informed, and this does not show the pride of the government," she told reporters.
“If Meghalaya doesn't have the Sixth Schedule, why doesn't Mizoram have ILP?” he asked.
Life is precious and those who drive cars should understand that they have no right to take the life of anyone.
“As a person who has been in government for many years, we know that when we want to do anything, we have to think carefully to ensure that the people get the benefits. not to put pressure on them.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Forum, Bah Chandame Sungoh, said that the allocation of land to Assam is a reason that cannot be accepted by the residents of the state. It is surprising that the MR claims that many of the villages that Meghalaya has received while in fact most of the land goes to Assam.
Shillong: The residents of Jyntah village have alleged that the Assam Rifles troops have been harassing and disrupting the movement of people especially those who walk from the Wah Umkhen Bridge.
The program was opened by welcome speech by Dr. Melissa Glenda Lewis, speeches by Dr. Sandra Albert, Director, IIPH-Shillong. especially the Covid 19 pandemic.
Revelation 13.
Therefore, it is time for these leaders to take action and especially to create opportunities to pay the debts of those who are entitled to receive from the government, said Bernard.
More than 700 people have applied for these jobs,” said Sangma. “This is not only for the entrepreneurs but also for the people.
Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope, Nongthymmai MLA, while congratulating Timothy, recalled that in 2008, when he was MLA, he received the pathaw and khaw brought by Timothy. Timothy D Shira.
He said that as a leader, he does not want words to jam the work.
It is not the knowledge and skills that others can trust, but it is the maturity, the ability to keep one's word even if one has to die and the search for the truth that man was made an adult.
Sinha said if Modi really wants to talk to the people of Meghalaya there is no power in the world that can stop him.
The Association congratulates Meghalaya Age Ltd.
And now I would like to say again that if they elect our party, I will immediately lift the ban on coal mining so that the people who earn and trade in this mineral will not be employed.
A mobile phone, five newspapers containing drugs and a knife were also seized from the 45-year-old man. Vivek.
Sanbor said this after filing his nomination papers as the BJP candidate from South Shillong constituency, today.
The 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 was held in Jowai on 11th July in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills BS Sohliya and others.
In the evening, the people lined up to the main road to encourage Bah Ardent.
The court also directed the state government to look into the garbage dumping not only in Jowai, but throughout the state.
“The entire Council, from the Executive Members to all the MDCs, will stand firmly against this proposal as we have done in the past and will continue to oppose the mining of uranium,” said the Chief Executive. Member of the Council, Mr. Pyniaid Singh Syiem.
In its order, the Supreme Court strongly criticized the State Election Commission (SEC) and said that the conduct of elections is not a cause for violence.
However, when we have sat down with him, we should not say anything about being a child but we should encourage him to continue his studies while his mother is still able,” said the mother.
Bhagaiah said the state and the entire North East has been known as a place of worship but he does not believe that in India which is far from having one language, one religion, “It is it's not like that," he said.
First of all, the party would like to congratulate all the heroes of the nation who have worked hard to fight for this issue.
The Chairman was appointed by the NPP MDC from Mawphlang, Bah Lamphrang Blah.
Speaking on the initiative, one of the founders of Rapido, Pavan Guntupalli, said that the initiative is part of the right to vote without worry.
In South West Garo Hills, one case is from Mahendraganj Cluster and in North Garo Hills, one case has not been screened.
The DC said that this road has already been inspected and suspended in 2019 and the Assam side has informed the district authorities and this is an old road.
On Saturday last month, Bah Dhar spent time to inspect the implementation of projects and schemes in Nartiang Constituency by inspecting Mynsngat village for the construction of a football ground, road. and to the Assembly.
With a vision to improve the society, the group has decided to participate in several activities in collaboration with their partners from the village, the country and abroad.
According to Hek, the reason for the transfer of Dr Thapa is not because of personal reasons but because since he was appointed as the director, NEIGRIHMS has There was only a monthly strike by the doctors.
He has also been a teacher and inspiration and USTM is very grateful for his excellent work, especially for his support and encouragement in our efforts to bring about better educational opportunities. “It's in Meghalaya,” said Hoque.
Perhaps, the four Congress MLAs may join the NPP in the coming days.
Mawkyrwat, June 04: The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya on Tuesday, June 3, 2022 in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police, in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police, Police have arrested two women from South West Khasi Hills District along with 1790 Yaba tablets.
Seventeen state governments have signed MoUs with the Ministry of Textiles at a meeting held in New Delhi today to implement the SCBTS.
The Regional Committees shall send their reports to both the Prime Ministers.
The union, which has about 40 members under the leadership of its President Dr CH Pakyntein, has complained about the lack of assistance to the herbalists from the government or the District Council.
Therefore, the Seng invites all the members of the Khasi religion to attend the Seng Kyrsiew to hear the speeches and advice from the Tymmen Riewsan of the Khasi religion and there will also be various programs at the Seng Kyrsiew. S.Nongrum Secretary Khasi Swer said in a statement.
He said that according to a complaint by Md.Makbul Hoque, incharge of the FCI, initially there was a fight between the Khasi youth and Naba Baruah who was cleaning near the vehicles. After that, other drivers came out and shot and tied the Khasi youth until he was seriously injured.
Let us hope that we will get the Lyiur as it should be.
The collapse of the stadium, which is one of the largest in the state, shows that there is a torti work.
He said the Assam government has also appointed an inquiry headed by a retired judge.
On the other hand, he said the HNYF strongly condemns the MDA government for its inability to implement the peace talks to the end.
When the people learned that the budget session will start on the 16th, many started asking what the VPP MLAs would do if the Governor spoke again in Hindi.
Cell Broadcast is used to provide emergency information, such as weather warnings (eg, tsunami, floods, earthquakes, evacuation warnings, and other important information) .
As the President's speech shows, Mukul Sangma is like a Pharaoh who rules by force and oppresses the people.
He was now supposed to return to the party for the third time but I had no idea what had happened in the last two months.
In Meghalaya, as it has been seen in the past five years, the people have accepted the rule of lies, corruption, slander, slander, and the people no longer care what happens. They counted themselves kings and worshiped the Lei for three years for those who won or ruled.
They also said that MECL's lack of attention to the public is due to the fact that generators weighing as much as one truck have already been installed in government offices along with inverters.
On the other hand, the Rotary Club Jowai has expressed its gratitude to the promotion of Rtn.
When the doctor said that, I understood that the disease was very serious.
Tel Aviv: At least 35 civilians have been killed in Israeli air strikes in Rafah, northern Palestine.
Shillong: Police in West Garo Hills today arrested Bernard N Marak, Vice President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from Tura. Police in West Garo Hills to V.S Rathore.
The reason is that God no longer speaks of Himself as He did to Adam, Noah, Abraham and others.
Officials of the IEDCR department were supposed to arrive in Sylhet today to test the patient, but the woman died before they arrived.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, said that the state government has appointed full time teachers and this year, 1,300 teachers have been appointed. , has been increased to T.15,000 per month from T.60 per month to T.600 per month.
When asked whether there is a promise of Ministerial appointment to the PDF MLAs, Conrad said, “At present we are only talking about this issue.
I agree with the words of the prophets that if the sins we live and commit, close the ears of God, our prayers will be in vain.
He said that apart from the Government employees, most of them should not be discussed because it is understood that many of them are illegally resident and do not have the right to be given land by the Government.
Congress leader HDR Lyngdoh has emerged as one of the candidates for the Congress ticket in the MP election against incumbent MP Vincent H Pala.
In another match, Uruguay beat Saudi Arabia in Group A with a goal from Louis Suarez in the 23rd minute.
We have not heard a word from him, even MACS should not say anything on this”.
He said that food processing plants, oil mills, rice and oil mills, which are outside the Municipal, will resume their operations.
Shillong: Police are checking CCTV footage to track down the robbers who threw a patrol bomb at the office of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) this morning.
“This is one thing that needs to be done from today onwards that we should be proud of being Indians from the North East,” he said.
Shillong: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP), Bah Sandonbor Ryntathiang, today said that they will hold a meeting on the issue of Khasi Jaintia State on the 5th November
“Kong Simi Khongtiang, said that this is a great joy for the team of the film 'Ka Chithi.
Meanwhile, Khliehriat police said that they have found a body lying on a tyllai phasi since September last year in Lumshnong.
Speaking at the meeting, Bristina Wanniang, Supervisor, Social Welfare Office, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the Social Welfare Department has schemes for the purpose of conducting awareness programs on drugs and alcohol. drinking alcohol.
However, as the discussion progressed, it became clear that the reason for the many disputes between the land owners and the District Authorities was on the basis that the government had The land owners who are entitled to receive this compensation have not yet received the compensation from the government.
“Congratulating the people who supported the VPP candidates in the last MLA elections across the constituencies, Dr. Batskhem said, “Your support in this election Four candidates from the party have been elected to the Legislative Assembly to bring forward the issues of the people and the state as a whole. other.
Shortly after, the HSPDP held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall on the 4th of July followed by a public meeting at Madan Student on the 6th of July to discuss the same issue. mat.
SCA-A started the innings with 49 runs through Samelawan S.Nongkseh (13) and Rudra S. Rathor before losing the first wicket.
Informing about this, Paul said the committee will have members from the government as well as from non-government to elect a suitable person to be the chairperson of the Commission.
The union has also received information that these foreign workers are doing a lot of work, when they are working themselves, when the local workers are not there.
The court passed the order after receiving a letter expressing concern about the delay in the recruitment of teachers in the area.
At that time the people of Israel had to walk under the law of Moses and Moses commanded the Israelites according to what God had spoken to him.
What has happened to the highly praised dignity in India and also in Meghalaya?
The Dorbar Tlang of JHADC has been delayed until this month due to the lack of leadership and at the same time due to the busy schedule of the incumbent CEM to contest the MLA election. JHADC has been small in paid as it has only 10 Congress MDCs, but it is still in high paid due to the support of non-Congress MDCs.
When inquired, Prestone said that so far there have been five or six candidates who have come forward and expressed their desire to contest the MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
COMSO has urged the people that the demand for ILP should not be only for the civil society or MLAs, but for the people who are only leaders but the protest should be. of the people.
KHNAM, which has four MDCs, has only three MDCs to become EM. According to media reports, James Ban Basaiawmoit from KHNAM may lose the seat. Process T Sawkmie, Adilbert Nongrum and Latiplang Kharkongor.
She also complained that the state government authorities should have informed the NHAI authorities in Shillong in advance and should have taken steps to ensure that the road will not deteriorate too much.
Basaiawmoit said that in fact the police should not have shot dead Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew and should have arrested him alive because he was alone at home.
East Khasi Hills has 134 new cases, followed by West Garo Hills with 126 cases and West Jaintia Hills with the third highest number of cases. there are 119 people.
Another public hearing, which was scheduled to be held in Moosakhia, was also canceled due to protests by the people.
The State Government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, has inaugurated the Football Stadium at PA Sangma Sports Complex, Tura, West Garo Hills on 16th November
Lakhon Biam, Chairman of the Council, resigned.
At the same time, he said that the SDO leaders have been advised to meet with the higher authorities to discuss the matter.
The story of this match is that by the end of the first half, the girls of these two schools had scored three goals each, and these three goals for these two schools were scored by Na-I-Sha Nongrum scored the third goal for Iewrynghep Presbyterian Sec School in the 8th, 24th and 69th minutes. They scored in the 25th, 28th and 72nd minutes.
She also explained about the need to be disciplined in the way of saving money and how to avoid stealing money from fraudulent people through today's technology.
Many MDCs have spoken about the current state of KHADC and the corruption in the Council, but the CEM has not been able to clean up even the corruption in the council which he is the head of. Instead, he went to preach against corruption, to preach for change all over the place.
On the other hand, the Seng has also found that the lack of cover and speeding of skum vehicles can cause many accidents and injuries to the passengers due to the congestion of the roads. also to put in danger to vehicles without cover if there are any who intend to take advantage.
“If Assam builds a dam, many villages and places in Meghalaya will be affected and Kyrshai village could fall into the dam, because it is planned to dam the river more than 100 meters long,” he said. In this regard, the CoRP urges the Meghalaya government to take immediate action to stop the Assam government, as the preparations of the Assam government are ongoing on this issue and if the Meghalaya government it doesn't do anything to lose many places.
AYWO leaders met with the Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills S Awasthi and urged him to eradicate this evil.
In this second phase of the border settlement, the remaining issues to be settled between the two states are seven, which perhaps will be one of the most difficult settlements, because as In the first settlement, although these are the areas where there is not much land dispute, however, here and there there has been a sign of the lack of willingness of the people of the state to find and After many years, they have now become part of Assam.
Meanwhile, President Dr Donkupar Roy said that the upcoming MDC and Lok Sabha elections are essential for the party to win with dignity.
He said he is grateful to the Congress party for electing him as MDC from Mairang-Nongkhlaw but the changing times will have to think differently.
The National General Secretary of the Organization, Ram Lal, who laid a wreath at the memorial of Tirot Singh, who is in the Fire Brigade, was also present at the memorial service. This is the state of Shibun Lyngdoh.
Besides Antonio, other Congress MDCs who have fled are Hadrian Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat, Albinus Lyngdoh from Umroi, Victor Rani from Jirang and Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew.
P.Nongkseh scored the first goal for Imson in the 61st minute.
Those who wish to participate must register at tornelo.com until 16th November, 2021 and search for U Tirot Singh Online Chess Tournament to enter.
Dr. Kharshiing's remarks on the Village Administration Bill (VAB) that the government has been given six months to pass it into law, have caused anger among the people. The approval of the crowd was 'Em-em em'
Pride or Envy is always there because of Comparison.
Jayanthi has written a long letter to Congress President Sonia Gandhi explaining why she has left the party.
The Village Defense Party (VDP) of Muktapur village in Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District has seized 10 vehicles of smuggling and arrested five suspects. on the India-Bangladesh border.
On the shortcomings of Mawryngkneng Constituency, Bah Kharpran said that in Mawryngkneng, most of the villages are farmland and at present the farmers still need many things. a regular officer in the farmers’ relations department would work for their needs.
In the second session, a meeting of the Union was held chaired by Bah G.Dympep. General Secretary Bah RR Marbaniang, Treasurer Bah AJ Warjri and other other.
The BJP has won 12 constituencies while the NDPP has won 25 constituencies.
Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU Ri Bhoi District and spokesperson to the media, said that the four organizations, the KSU, RBYF, FKJGP and HNYF, have also decided to cooperate with the KSU. The demand of the Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs is on the grounds that the MDA government in the state has been too silent and has no responsibility for the peace and order of the people in the state.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has sent a statement to the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, to appoint a special committee by the office of the Prime Minister. The Annexed Agreement signed and accepted by C Rajagopalachari, the Governor General of the country and the Heads of State of the Federation of Khasi States on 17th July
She said that the robbery was from the roof of the church.
The waste from the meat processing plant will also be converted into compost for other uses.
On the other hand, the Hynniewtrep Association has sent a letter to the KHADC and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to complain about the opening of foreign shops without Trading License. Labor License, illegal operation and misuse of one Trading License for two or three foreign shops in Ïewduh.
The search operation was conducted across parts of West Khasi Hills especially on the border with Assam where vehicles were entering and leaving between the two states on the border.
To be vigilant from an early age and not to become a victim in one's own country.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Unit has decided to ban foreign shops without trading license from trading within the boundary of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
The Earth, the Slap, the Earth and the Cold2
Talks are currently underway with Iran for the export of sohpieng.
Moolamanoh SC scored the first goal in the 90th minute.
“Therefore, I would like to urge the youth to come forward to receive the training, because these trainings are free and benefit the youth in many ways when they complete the training. train.
The rally was also part of the protest against the government that it cannot fight for land with the students and was also a sign of the beginning of strong protests if the government does not do anything.
Today we see that there are 56 Garo villages under the Raid Marwet, while according to the RTI reply I received in 2015 from the Hima Mylliem, there are only 28 Garo villages while half of the villages are who has not given information.
Out of the 18 medals awarded on the final day, Laban Sports Club Table Tennis Academy won 7 gold and 3 silver medals.
“We have already sent our terms and conditions and if they want to evict us from this area they should accept our demands, which we have put before the government,” he added.
Nongpoh: Three shops at Down Gate Nongpoh, have caught fire suddenly this morning at 3 pm, which has caused a fire and has caused severe damage to the shops. the people who put the goods in these shops.
The order was issued by the Chief Judicial Magistrate on 4th July 2013 on charges of involvement in corruption at CMJ University.
We have done all the necessary measures so that there will be no more damage to the stadium," he added.
EF Gatphoh, Charter President in her speech explained the term 'Installation' within the Rotary Club and also praised the work of Rtn.
Bah Tynsong said it is the will of the Government to resolve the border dispute before the 2023 elections.
Sangma said the Congress is the largest and oldest party and will contest for 29 seats.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: For the first time in the district, the Bal Vidyalaya (Pre Primary School) was opened at Mukhla village, West Jaintia Hills District today. The school was inaugurated by the MLA of the area, Wailadmiki Shylla.
They said that besides the presence of many drug dealers in the area and inside the market, now there are those who sell and drink drugs without even being seen by people.
He said this after the issue of reservation has reached the point where political parties in Khasi and Jaintia Hills have demanded a review of the reservation policy.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Congress Candidate from West Shillong Constituency, Bethleen Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the most important issue for the people of the constituency is to empower women and youth. and to ensure the safety of the residents of West Shillong Constituency.
The arrested were identified as James Obafor Omeya, 32, and Paul Chidiebare Nwoon,
“The party has also said that the introduction of the C&RD Block should not be a political gain for anyone.
It can be said that as a Khasi nation, we have encountered and struggled with other forces that have destroyed and destroyed those traditional values ​​whose value and strength have been expressed in a strong statement. of Tipbriew knows and earns righteousness.
On the other hand, the MP also urged the relevant government authorities to fulfill their duties for the welfare and development of the state.
Shillong: The number of cases of coronavirus in the state has increased today.
When the volunteers asked, "Why don't you obey the laws of the government?" Their reply was,"That the police have gone.
Punit Bisht and Ravi Teja came on the scene and started to strengthen the Meghalaya team once again, in which Teja managed to take Meghalaya to 100 runs by a boundary in in the 23rd over.
These include EKH: 12, EJH: 1 and RBD:
I would like to invite all the Rangbah Shnongs, but as you know that during this time of pandemic, we have to respect and follow the directions of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through the Government of India and the Government. “Therefore, we have decided to invite only those Rangbah Shnongs who fall under the Commercial Areas,” said Sungoh.
But even so, he continued to grow.
According to information received by this reporter, on the 4th of this month at 12 pm, these robbers came to rob the house, but the body of He was found dead on the 6th at 4 pm on the side of the road at Garchuk near the ISBT bus station in Guwahati.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 16: The residents of Ri Bhoi district have been in the dark for about three nights without electricity which has put the residents in great difficulty to complete their work and especially the students who are preparing for examinations. different.
He made the announcement in the Legislative Assembly after being questioned by AIUDF MLA Ashraful Hussain.
In East Khasi Hills, 35.50% passed, in West Garo Hills 13.64%, in Ri Bhoi 9.09%, in West Jaintia Hills 10.97%, in Eastern West Khasi Hills 3.98%. South West Khasi Hill 3.48%, East Jaintia Hill 4.48%, East Garo Hill 3.83 %0, South Garo Hills 2.84%, NorthGaro Hills 3.61 %, South West Garo Hills 3.50%.
Lalringnungi, a 16-year-old girl, has topped the Mizoram High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) examination.
When contacted by the DMHO, Dr.S.Lyngdoh, the RBNYF said that as a hospital, it is difficult to accommodate patients if the beds are full only. However, they cannot exclude the patients who intend to come for treatment, because many of these patients are from poor families and for this reason the authorities have They had to sleep on the balcony and ground floor.
Meghalaya boys fought hard in the last minutes with the shouts of the fans to turn the goal around, but the defenders of Mizoram stood firm to defend the goal until the last minutes of the match and won the match. to win 1-0 goals.
“The committee has decided to discuss the post of Rangbah Shnong in the Coordination Committee,” he said, adding that the Village Administration Bill (VAB) and the High Court decision have also been discussed.
Sherita Shabong said that her daughter Samla Irikmen won the bronze medal in the International Arm Wrestling Championship in Hyderabad. month not latep.
Police have seized 863.9 kilos of heroin in the past 10 years.
The leaders of the three parties should also explain to the public about the 40 lakh as shown on this page.
Police sources said that on Tuesday, a man named Pranav Prabhat lodged a complaint that on 17th June at about 6:30 pm, While on the road from Riangdo, a group of 4-5 robbers came to Shallang.
Shillong: U President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) PK Pangniang today wrote to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Metbah Lyngdoh to suggest the name of the North West Khasi Hills District. Hills District for Mairang which will be promoted next month.
When one or two die, If you don't have a mind, It's better that you do it now, Like Arbi Gurung before.
All five of them are members of the Presbyterian Church.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss issues affecting the people of Manipur, especially the unrest in the state.
The meeting was attended by the Sordar of Mukertila, Mawshun, Lyting, Lyngkhat, former Nongjri Sordar Phelin Rynjah and Umniuh-Tmar Matabor.
Besides the opening of the new school, Bah Banteidor promised to look into the needs to improve the school.
He shall fill the empty space, at such a time when the darkness shall cover the house.
“If those employees claim that we have shot them, they should produce the facts and medical reports to prove it.
Regarding these remarks, the Janata Dal (United) has criticized, saying, “Look at the indifference of the BJP leaders, in which Narottam Mishra has spoken insultingly, even against himself. the MP, the Hema Malini".
In the women category, Ester Z Tariang came first, Bicky F Kharngap Kynta came second and Jingpalei Sohtun came third.
He said that these beneficiaries have been selected and they don't even have a chicken farm and this is just a waste of public money to win elections.
This shad has been around for 106 years.
The brother is 17 years old and has dropped out of school in class 8 while the 14 year old sister is in class 2 because her parents are very poor.
They rallied in London today to protest against the British government's coronavirus measures.
Kidney stones are made up of calcium oxalates, and oxalates are contained in Vitamin C. The presence of kidney stones can cause pain and inflammation, so It is important to monitor your vitamin C intake. Reasons for high vitamin C intake: You can get too much vitamin C if you don't take care of what you eat.
Sindh police said a Hindu temple in the south of the city was attacked by unidentified groups on Sunday.
Shillong: The Forum of Councils under the Sixth Schedule (FOCUSS) comprising all the 40 Autonomous Councils in the North Eastern Region of India (FOCUSS) today met in Shillong today. This is the third meeting since the establishment of the Council. The meeting was held for the third time since its inception.
He urged the youth to work hard because in this age, it is not easy because there are many challenges.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that the new case is from Cachar district.
Nongrang, who replaced former DGP Dr. LR Bishnoi, is an IPS officer of 1992 batch of Assam-Meghalaya cadre. Speaking to reporters on Tuesday after taking over as DGP, Kong Nongrang said she was concerned about the situation in the State. especially the increase in crime and the need to maintain peace and order including the fight against violence as priority issues.
With this win, Lajong have dropped to 16 points from 10 games, while Real Kashmir are in third place with 20 points from 10 games.
This is the first time that the state government has conducted this examination.
In the past few days, he has distributed to eight sports clubs and today to two, Kyntonmassar Lajong SC and Nongkohlew SC, which he handed over at his office in Mawlai Nongpdeng today.
Daniel said that this is due to the lack of employment opportunities which leads the youth of the state to get involved in various crimes. and also from various Dorbar Shnongs and committees that prostitution and drug addiction has increased over the years.
The increase in the price of petrol has caused many problems to the people of the state who have to rely on petrol and diesel vehicles.
The KHADC delegation led by Titos W Chyne as Chief Executive Member (CEM) together with Executive Members including Martle Mukhim, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Teiborlang Pathaw, Mitchell Wankhar and Rangkynsai Kharbuki She said this during the delegation's visit to Tripura from 25th June to discuss with the TTAADC leaders how to strengthen the laws to protect the indigenous people.
But it was only after he asked them that he realized someone was stealing.
The total number of cases has risen to 8,78,254, 3,01,609 are still undergoing treatment, 5.5 lakh have recovered and the death toll has risen to 23,000 people.
On the other hand, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh urged the government to be vigilant at all the border gates of the state in order to prevent the spread of the corona virus in the state.
They held a flag raising ceremony by marching to Laitumkrah-Nongrimmaw where the DERT office is located to protest against this.
Blake, who just gave birth to a basaw in June, feels that poverty is one of the reasons for her inability to take part in the festival.
Lumparing, although they had scored four goals, showed their spirit of fighting and tried to score but until the end of the minute they didn't have a chance due to the slowness of the defenders of Laitkor.
The Regional Committee, which was set up recently, is for seven other disputed areas which remain to be resolved including Langpih in West Khasi Hills District; Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Deshdoomreah, Block-ll of Ri Bhoi District; Block-l, Psiar-Khanduli.
Lumpaia Avengers scored 128 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs.
The two political parties will also leave for Delhi on November 14 and 15 to meet with the Federation of New States Demand Committee. the same intention to demand a State from the Central Government.
In his speech, the President of Tulba Mawlai, Bah Evandor Lyndoh Nongpiur, expressed his gratitude to God for opening this opportunity to conduct this cleanliness drive. All the members of Tulba Mawlai and members of Tulba from other units as well as some members of the central body who were present from the beginning to the end.
Kong Mitimai thanked the KSU Nonglum Unit and the KSU Mawlai Circle for their willingness to donate to this Creche which is still in need of assistance.
The kilo cut has affected the farmers as it continues today.
At the same time, Bah Khongsit said that no new employees have been appointed in the department for about 30 years. “It's a part of the LD,” said the officer, adding that more jobs were appointed in the department when it was under the Assam government in 1944, 1954 and so on.
Therefore, if any political party intends to bring order in the country by fighting against religious groups, this will be against the principle of secularism.
“A person can be arrested or imprisoned on charges but until a decision is received from the court, he cannot be accused of being a bad person,” said Bah Lapang.
Besides, in terms of literacy, we have declined.
Pius Marweiñ received 16,502 votes and defeated BJP candidate Martin M Danggo with 5649 votes.
Nongpoh: The Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) has won the U-14 Inter District Cricket Tournament sponsored by the Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) on Tuesday. in Pahamsning, after beating Heprit by 60 runs.
Momin in the 17th minute.
In another report, Ivan Fedorov, the mayor of Melitopol, was abducted by Russian troops after he refused to obey their orders.
Shillong: The Youth of Sohra Hima, on 1st June 2019, met with the Rangbah Hima of Sohra and during the meeting, they discussed the ownership of the Majai by the Sordar Majai and the demand of the Sordar Majai. and he shall make the Majai an Elaka.
If the KHADC authorities cannot do anything now, it is clear that there is something behind it which has caused it to continue to do this for more than a year, they added.
These Pastors also heard the complaints of the people who were worried and depressed.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The NDA government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has increased the housing scheme for the poor to T.1.20 lakh from T.75,0
Looking back on the three days of this shad thanksgiving, which is celebrated once a year, as the days go by, the appearance of the tree, the nature of this shad has changed. The Khasi people, whose traditional beliefs are pure and bright, have indeed come to appear in this dance, because when a woman steps into the lympung, she comes in a pure longrynieng. while the man, dressed in clean clothes, fulfills his role as a farmer and a caretaker of himself, his family and his family. hima, you country you country.
Paul Makri was 19 years old at the time of the shooting and was studying at Government Boys Secondary School and Karate (white belt) at the YMCA. He was born in Ri Bhoi and Shillong and lived in Jaiaw.
Kamar cannot do anything without Fire, and he cannot provide – equip the mystery – wood or other such workers.
The athletes of the State also received cash awards from the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Govt.
The fierce conflict through differences of opinion over the collection of taxes first began in 1774, when Major Henniker entered the borders of the Hima Jaintia.
The Israeli prime minister has said that the massacre of people in their homes, the kidnapping of women and children, the torture of civilians and the burning of many civilians are the Benjamin said, "It's not like the soldiers of Hamas.
On the other hand, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that at the meeting, he asked why the government has delayed for a year to appoint the members of the Lokaykota.
He said that the Khasi are not citizens of India but only voters because if they are Indians, development projects should not be lacking because until now there is no adequate drinking water, no adequate roads.
They said that if the government continues to dismiss them, they will not hesitate to stand up.
Most of those accused of being involved in the trafficking of ganja and drugs are under the age of 30 and have dropped out of school part-time, the SEB said. The NIA in Gujarat has arrested two persons involved in the laundering of counterfeit money and sentenced them to 10 and 7 years in jail.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The turnover rate in the state government offices today has risen to 25 percent across the state.
Now it's 40 rupees.
Hundreds of people have lost their lives in protests against the police after the bill was passed in Parliament.
Friends, I believe you remember Jesus' prayer in the Garden of Gethsemane.
Shillong: The Opposition Leader and former Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday alleged that the incumbent Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, is only a tyngshop of the BJP. He was inaugurated on 6th October this year, in the presence of BJP leaders from Delhi.
Look and judge carefully, what has happened to the State? Have the poor become poorer and the rich become fat! Who cares, sympathizes and helps the poor, the small, the marginalized? Where are the MLAs, Ministers, MPs, MDCs elected by the people? Are they only the leaders they have appointed, who work with them (or) who are close to them or with their loved ones? In my understanding, MLAs who are legislators-rulers are They must have the following qualities: knowledge of God, tiphok tipsot (fear of God), lack of reward and honor: full understanding and adequate education: marks unbiased in service and assistance: non-alcoholic, religious, party, power, wealth: a person who is trustworthy and does not change his mind and especially free from garbage jabain (high moral integrity).
No one is allowed to leave their homes during the curfew.
The time has come for the government to take responsibility to free the farmers.
The doctors gave him medicine and ordered him to follow their instructions and leave again after two days, but the mother did not leave at all and left on the 9th of March. The child became seriously ill, which happened after seven days, in which the fever increased, then there was a sore throat and he could not breathe properly.
The rules they must follow are to be clean and stay away from each other and to wash their hands regularly. in places where they should not be broken.
The trainer for the special program was the Convener of Meghalaya, Bah Bisharlang Pyngrope.
Speaking online on the 22nd June 2023, Kong Lana L.Nongbri, State Nodal Officer, National Tobacco Control Program through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, said, “Duma not only kills those who drink or eat tobacco, but also causes damage to the environment”.
He said the letter of condolence will be sent to the relatives and also to the media.
Besides, the whole area was filled with a crowd of thousands of people, who were playing the sounds of the ksing, the nakra, the bom and the tangmuri.
In March 2022, Cyclone Sitrang hit the North East and especially Tripura.
How many times has he spoken in the Assembly?” said Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh in an interview with the media.
I am pleased to say that we are far behind in comparison to the work I have done for the Mowkaiaw area and the State as a whole.
“In order to prevent and control the spread of COVID-19 in the state, the party is of the opinion that corona care center should be set up in every C&RD block to accommodate those person(s) who are COVID-19 positive,” PDF president and cabinet minister Banteidor Lyngdoh said in a letter to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Monday.
Khliehriat, July 22: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, in an order issued today, has urged the people, those who pass through the National Highway in the area, Narpuh East Jaintia Hills District said that the rainfall can cause landslides, landslides, rocks and landslides.
On the other hand, doctors want to try to reduce the number of drugs related to depression and change the behavior of patients in intensive care.
However, on the seven disputed areas, the government has taken a decision without taking the consent of the people living in those areas where there is a misunderstanding.
Therefore, the union demands that the company Jio should immediately repair the lost equipment and use its own battery, so that the network will not be affected in the future.
The BJP will carry out its scientific activities through its coalition government.
On the other hand, these families from the Nongkrem Kur have already lodged a complaint on 6.5.2022 and
Why don't you build the villagers quickly?
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Chief Ministers of the two states will meet on Friday to discuss the issue of starting the Wat. and the second of the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya.
His wife has a net worth of Rs 1.32 crore.
But we dare to confess that Jesus died for all the people of the world and that he rose again.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has arrested and shot dead a Pakistani drug dealer on the India-Pakistan border in Samba Sector of India. Jammu & Kashmir at midnight on Tuesday and Tuesday.
“We have been forced to take the decision to blow up bombs, because of the government, we will blow up bombs including government offices, Congress offices in all parts of Garo Hills,” said the GNLA. At the same time, the party demanded the immediate release of Chairman R. Sangma and General Secretary Dalbin N. Marak.
What, then, are the main points that the Manifesto should explain to the public? These are the things that the people should demand that the candidate or party should explain and explain to the people.
We also have 50 customers from all over the country.
Under the leadership of Bibiano Fernandes as coach, the U-17 men's team qualified for the AFC U-17 Asian Cup last year and completed the Goa has been in turmoil since last November.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has threatened the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to stop the demolition of houses in Umsawli or face death. The police have taken this seriously.
Last year, many countries of the world experienced the highest temperatures in the world.
Conte took over as leader of the team in November 2021 and will now be replaced by his symbud; Cristian Stellini until the end of the current season.
Dr Mukul said the government does not take any measures to punish those who violate the coal mining ban and this action of the government is an encouragement to continue the coal mining ban. crime.
God hates the Jezebel characteristics of the churches today, because they do not recognize the temptations of Satan to destroy human beings in society, especially in the church.
