Manipur took the first place after a thrilling match against Assam on the weekend.
Mizoram will hold new elections on 28th November
So far, 12 people have died in the storm and the city of Kolkata has been without electricity and internet.
The tree planting ceremony was attended by the Village Head of Namdong B, Damian S War, Assistant Village Head Pius Ksoo, Secretary Village A. Shadap and others.
The MDA-2 government has elected Thomas A Sangma, MLA from North Tura, as the Speaker of the MDA-2
Speaking after the meeting, Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the meeting unanimously approved the name of Winnerson D Sangma to contest for the post of Lamphang.
Khliehriat, Naitung, 14: The children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber, today started the Thanksgiving and Dem Blai, before they leave for the tournament at Ait Nar to be held on the 17th of this month. The children of the Seiñ Raij Shnongs of Mutong, Mukhialong, Cham Bham, Lumshyrmit, Pynthorsale and Oongkaluh have gathered at Tuber Kmaishnong. Lumshyrmit village and held a thanksgiving ceremony with a dance and a mastieh.
The teams that will qualify for the FIBA ​​U16 Asian Championship 2023 SABA Qualifiers include the Maldives, Sri Lanka and India.
Last year, former Governor RS Mooshahary and Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal had attended the ceremony.
He also congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the BDO office for organizing this Health Mela for the benefit of the residents.
He said that the groundbreaking ceremony is meaningless if there is no full office built by the government, because it is not known how long it will take for the government to allocate funds to build the Block Office.
“The 18 people who went to harvest tit mistakenly identified the tit as 'Amanita Phalloides' because it is a new species of tit and it is closely related to other species of tit that are eaten by humans,” said Dr.A. .War.
The NPP MLA from Jirang, urged the workers in all the constituencies in Ri Bhoi, to start working so that the NPP's plan will succeed, as it is now. The NPP-led MDA government has worked hard to provide development projects to the people in many areas, whether in Ri Bhoi or other districts in the state.
Free health treatment.
Ratchapruk and Bovorn Taxi Cooperative currently operate only 500 vehicles in Bangkok and 2,500 of these vehicles have been parked on the streets, as the income has declined. hiar he cat.
Khliehriat, Nailar 11: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the 15th of this month, will be a day of excise in the district, as it is the day of celebration of Independence Day. to India (Independence Day).
Along with expressing his condolences to the family members and loved ones of those who lost their lives in these terrible acts of violence, Bah Barnabas said that the Catholic community has prayed for the u Blei the Creator, “to grant speedy recovery to all those injured in these bombings.
Later, Cardinal Ranjith sent a message to the church leaders to be vigilant, after receiving a letter warning, that there will be another attack on churches and schools this month and after that. The letter has appeared on social media and he said that for the benefit of the people, the church has decided to close down all schools, Catholic churches and government schools. It was decided to open from the 6th of July.
Meanwhile, in Hyderabad, Delhi need to win to top Group B and qualify for another match where they have won.
The Lyngdoh of Raid Nongkrem, Bah Pynïaidsuk Lyngdoh said that this step of these two villages will be an example to others to resolve the boundary through understanding and dialogue.
Since the day she last left home, the child has been wearing a white patlun, a blue scarf and slippers.
EAT HEALTHY FOODS: Eating healthy foods on physical health provides a lot of help and benefits among those people with kidney disease and this can increase longevity their.
The program was opened and flagged by the President of the Club, Bah Kynshewlang Syiemlieh and at the same time the program was conducted by Bah Wadborlang Majaw, Secretary of the Club.
"How are you, Lydia?" Hep asked Lydia, “If you go like that, I will come with you.
We also express our gratitude to the SDO of Civil Sub Division Amlarem, DC West Jaintia and CMD of MeECL who have been quick to take action through the letters sent by the union through our honorable DC.
The same will be true of those who have been Christians since birth, those who have become Christians in adulthood, and those who have become Christians in old age before the day of their lives ends.
Riwar Jaintia CGOG Sec School beat Seiñraij H/S School 4-3 in the tie breaker.
He urged the farmers or producers to make good use of the assistance they have received from FOCUS to improve their activities for the benefit of the community and themselves.
Shillong, Naitung 27 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday urged the MDA Government not to rush to issue a notification to implement the The CPC and CrPC throughout the State will abolish the powers of the District Council Courts, Subordinate Courts or Village Courts.
Shreya R Marak, Dejiansua and Awesaina S Marak took two wickets each.
I have given below some points to help distinguish arabica coffee from robusta coffee Arabica coffee Robusta coffee.
The HNLC expects that the NPP, which holds power in the State Government and rules jointly within the Central Government, will bring the HNLC into the field of dialogue so that the issues of the Jaidbynriew can be resolved. It has been more than 70 years since India gained independence from the Dohlieh rule.
The right path for the UDP is to nominate its own candidate for Speaker, other parties should also nominate their own candidate and leave it to the MDA to decide which of them will be the candidate. for the post of Speaker.
The protest in Shillong will start at 11:30 pm at Congress Bhawan.
Of course, there will also be other educated faces and they will talk about change, but no one understands what change they are talking about and these will fight under the supervision of the political parties. and whose leaders are unfounded and whose leaders are unnecessary and backward.
Thirdly, RESPONSIBILITIES, JUSTICE, TRUSTWORTHY POLITICIANS could also come from non-theological backgrounds, so why must theological pupils be bridled with the opportunity of corruption/risk of turning away from God? A good fruit in the basket full of rotten fruit will eventually end up becoming bad fruit.4.
The treatment of Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis involves a procedure known as Whole Lung Lavage, in which all the lungs are filled with saline and after cleansing to remove the excessive production of lungs.
So this is the principle that we stand on.
Evamogricia Snaitang who came first in the top 20 in the HSSLC examination and Cliff Richard Nongsiej who came sixth in the SSLC examination. These children are from the South West Khasi Hills.
Police have not disclosed the location of the incident, but some media reports have claimed that the incident occurred on the highway from Khyndailad to Polo. The video, which was shot on Tuesday, shows that the incident took place on the highway, in which dozens of people were involved in the incident. the sun is still shining.
He said that in this regard, the government has a plan to merge those SSA schools which have less students with other schools.
Khliehriat, Nailur 15 : The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) EJHD, led by its President, Bah Kyrshan Blah and other leaders on Tuesday distributed tins of household items and These items were donated to the family of Telmi Rymbai from Mookhep EJHD who is a poor family and has a child who is in need.
I'm sure,” said Banrilang.
"Don't oppress the poor, says the Riewstad," because he is poor, and don't despise the needy.
At the same time, the Minister of Roads said the government wants to see people being able to use this road when they go to the airport in Guwahati.
During the Industrial Revolution, people from rural areas fled to cities in search of work and lived in unclean and crowded places.
When asked about the NPP's position in the struggle for the goal, he said the NPP will reach the victory of ruling alone.
Two prominent personalities from the university, Kong Rose Millian Bathew Kharbuli and MC Mary Kom, were also awarded doctorates at the 23rd graduation ceremony of the university in Shillong today.
On the day of her assumption of office, Kong Nongrang also met with reporters at the Director General of Police in Shillong.
The delay in returning to the state will cause problems to the students as they are facing difficulties in getting adequate food and some of them have been evicted by their owners due to lack of housing. They don't get any assistance from either side and they suffer by eating only biscuits to escape starvation.
Half an hour later, Meghalaya scored the first goal through Larihun Songthiang in the 37th minute to add 10 goals by the end of the first half.
He said that all Rangbah Shnongs, Village Officers and members of the Executive Committees of the Dorbar Shnongs of Ri Khasi and Jaintia are requested to take their time to attend the meeting.
“We strongly condemn the attack on Bah Michel Warjri and the damage to his house and property,” said HYC President Robertjune K Jahrin. He also asked how they went to Assam to complain to Assam when the incident happened in Meghalaya.
The VPP has temporarily suspended its protest after the Minister of State for Law, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh promised to set a date for a meeting between the VPP and the Chief Minister. Shillong, July 23 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Anthem of the State has been composed in accordance with the provisions of the Act. The official language in the state is English and the two associate languages ​​are Khasi and Garo.
On the other hand, Bah Bor said that it is better for the people to turn to the Congress and vote for the symbol of the hand because only the Congress can provide adequate services to all.
After receiving a tip, the BSF stopped the oncoming vehicle under the bridge at Sonapur East Jaintia Hills, but the driver fled to Umkiang area.
The two suspects were identified as Fernando Diengdoh, owner of the Youtube channel “7Trep TV” who produced the news and resident of Kynshi and Neverson Marbaniang. This is a voice over from Erpakon Village, Ri-Bhoi District.
Shillong, July 01 : The Khasi have not been able to take up the post of Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) due to the low voice of support for the demand when they arrived in Delhi, said Dr. .WR Kharlukhi, MP State Assembly.
At the 68th Filmfare Awards, Gangubai Kathiawadi won the Best Film, Best Director and Best Actress awards. by the Lifetime Achievement Award.
Regarding the trade and inheritance, the HYC leader said that the District Councils will be asked to provide for other ethnic groups like Mizos and Nagas to apply for Trading Licence.
There have been 406 new cases of coronavirus in China, the health ministry said today.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has decided to revive the Village Administration Bill (VAB) which has been pending since
The Roster System cannot be implemented in promotion, unless that provision has been included in the State Reservation Policy from the beginning of its implementation.
JSM Mynsngat unit in collaboration with JSM Central Body has organized the 7th A Side Football Tournament 2021 at Mynsngat village which started on Saturday. .
Also present on the occasion were the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Syiem, Rangbah Shnong of Nongmensong, Bah B.Khonglah, former MLAs and MDCs, former Rangbah Shnong, Village Authorities, Youth Rangbah and others. longkmie who came to witness this celebration.
“This is my name forever” (Exodus 3:15-16).
Those athletes who use physical strength may have reasons to use them, but for almost all of them they put themselves at great risk to their health and as well as the health of the bones".
As the Seng, we feel that the decision taken by these two villages is appropriate because it is appropriate because these Cokes have damaged the drinking water wells of these two villages which will affect the the health of the residents and the production of polluted air which can cause various respiratory diseases.
The NPP has not announced any candidates from South Shillong and Mairang, led by Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker and President of the UDP. There is not a single woman in 24 Garo constituencies.
The Bishop also refused to step down and said, “I will not step down at all, because that is what those who promote me want and I should not obey what they want,” said Mulakkal.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: A member of the Achik National Liberation Army (ANLCA) has been shot dead by a mob in a village in North Garo Hills District on Tuesday night.
The distance from one sohtrun tree to another was about two feet.
In fact, as a state, we should have invested a lot of development works in these areas in terms of health, education and others because the ownership of the land comes through the development of the country. Adelbert Nongrum said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Fifty-five percent of the voters of Chokpot constituency in South Garo Hills district turned out for the mid-term elections held on Saturday.
Ma Rymbui has directed the Wildlife Department to monitor their path and where they intend to go.
Pherbak Singh Marwein, Assistant Commandant, 1st MLP Battalion, has been posted as SDPO, Mawshynrut.
Gurjit Singh said the government should immediately stop the harassment of them and allow them to build their houses and they can ensure that they will bring back the beauty of this area.
Andrew is pleased to say that since that year until now, the federation has had 45 players and the game has started to attract a lot of sports fans.
Other speakers included the CEO of the bank AN Muksor, G. Sten the treasurer of the bank and others.
The leader of the cow sellers said that these meat will be auctioned on the 21st of this month at a reasonable price of T.200 tyngka per kilo of clean meat and T.240 tyngka per kilo of meat. thigh.
Shillong, Lber 17: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Dr RC Laloo, on Tuesday said that the SSA teachers in the state are not appointed by the state government but by the state government. private school authorities on contract and therefore, they are not full time government teachers to be paid in high salaries.
According to the rules of the League Tournament, only the top four teams will qualify for the Semi-Finals.
Luigi Dalian Pasweth is the son of Agatha Carnelian Chullai and Mardaka Pasweth of Panaliar, Jowai.
I would like to ask my readers to support me because this is my first time writing an article, and I have been able to do this through the encouragement and support of my friends who feel that I have not been able to write an article. to be laid before the IingDorbar on that day, that it shall not be lost.
Shillong, Naitung 24: All 29 MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) including the Ruling and Opposition will visit Block II next month to discuss the issues of the people of the border area with Assam.
Because most of the time when public meetings are held, many of the office bearers do not have the opportunity to meet or talk face to face with the candidate.
Prestone said that the people should eat only rice and vegetables, which does not mean that he is speaking against, but because the state is in the middle of the Therefore, we must take responsibility and give our right hand and left hand to fight against this disease.
KDA President Starwin Kharjana said the reason for the suspension of the protest is because the Principal Secretary of Social Welfare PW Ingty has called for talks with the party leaders. He promised to address the 10 demands of the union especially the job allocation and to appoint a committee to meet once a month with the office of the Commissioner for Disabilities and the KDA. “In this regard, the party has decided to suspend the strike as announced earlier and requests the party members to take this as an announcement,” said Starwin Kharjana.
Therefore, we are monitoring this issue with the Central Government, as thousands of jobs will be created with the establishment of EMRS schools,” he said.
The Deputy Chairman of JHADC, Ma Ailad Bhoi, strongly criticized Ma Vincent for being an unnecessary MP and the state is still lagging behind in many areas due to the inactivity of the MP for 40 years.
Speaking at the meeting, Dileep Chandan said that many of the benefits that journalists and media workers have received in other states including Assam have not been received by journalists in Meghalaya.
Announcing the tournament, the President of the club, Bah Khrawkupar Warjri, said that only those aged 18 to 40 years old will be allowed to participate in the tournament. I don't agree with you.
President Biden pledged US support for India's leadership as Chair of the Global Partnership on AI. its $10 billion India Digitization Fund, which includes Indian start-ups.
“We feel that these vacancies will cause problems and affect many of the residents especially the young men and women and all the families regardless of their religion or ethnic group. ," said the Seng.
The investigation found that Kar, who worked as an Upper Division Clerk in the office of the Additional Director, Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS), Kolkata, had misused his position. illegal earnings to the tune of Rs 53.73 lakh.
The Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong said that the Directorate of Employment and Craftsmen Training of the state has also approved to provide free training in various jobs to the youth of the state. don't be trained.
If the government turns around and creates opportunities to develop the cultivation of sha, there is no doubt that it will also be one of the sources of employment for many residents in the district.
“We will complete the electricity supply before 31st October this year as targeted,” said James in reply to a question by Nongpoh MLA Maralborn Syiem in the House today.
Shillong: The AITC meeting held at the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong today announced that four AITC MLAs will leave the party to other parties. take faith in this meeting.
The KSU has received a complaint from a mother who went to get medicine for her child, who is 3 years and 6 months old, from the hospital. The woman had gone to collect the medicines from the pharmacy at the hospital but she had changed the medicines which had expired, because the date of issue was in the fourth month. 2014 and the year to end is in the second month of
On the other hand, the President said that if this cannot be done at this time, the matter should be taken up in the Dorbar Tlang of Parliament.
At the beginning of the Bhoirymbong Zone, the first match was between Mawtneng SC and Mawthei SC, where Mawtneng SC managed to control the match until they won 4-1 against Mawthei SC and scored 3 points at the beginning of the Bhoirymbong Zone.
Regarding this, the Langpih market has not been opened freely, which has led the Nepalis to expand the market near the Assam police camp as the months go by.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the undersigned during office hours and must be submitted before 25th November
He was also supported by LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoiñ and others from the NPP, Congress and Macmillan Byrsat MLA. current.
These taxes mostly go to the Hima because many of the markets are still Hima markets.
However, the Government has recognized the dairy farmers who are under the Government scheme as cow farmers.
The Department of Home Guards & Civil Defense (CD&HG) and the SDRF are continuing their relief operations in various parts of the State following the damage caused by the floods and cyclones. of the Remal Cyclone.
The Mizoram Coordination Committee (MKHC), which has submitted a letter to the ECI, has said that the church leaders have left it to the NGO Coordination Committee to take decisions. I don't know what to do with this matter.
Other candidates include former Home Minister HDR Lyngdoh from the United Democratic Party (UDP) who will contest from Sohiong constituency in the upcoming elections.
Although there has been no request from these parties to form a government, the BJP in the past few days has announced that the president of the NDPP – Naiphiu Rio will take over again. you are the Chief Minister of the state.
Through this budget, there will be an increase in the price of refrigerators, air conditioners, LED lights and mobile phones.
“He also urged the residents to take responsibility for themselves to follow the guidelines laid down by the health department.
More than 100 people have now taken part in a self-treatment trip in San Francisco, which includes blood transfusions for the elderly at a cost of £6,2 Over 60 years of age, they are injected with two and a half liters of plasma, which is taken from those who are younger.
The film stars Alia Bhatt, Pooja Bhatt, Sanjay Dutt and Aditya Roy Kapoor in the lead roles.
"Lk.22:42.
The MLA also promised to continue to cooperate with these Longkmie in the coming days and especially to assist the Longkmie so that they can stand on their own feet to fill the and also to work together for the betterment and development of the community.
The seizure of these weapons will be another major seizure by the police after the killing of Sohan D Shira, the chief of the GNLA. to fully implement mobile phones and strong internet in Meghalaya, at a cost of T.8120.81 crore, of which T.5336.18 crore has already been allocated by the Cabinet of Ministers of India, on 10th November .
Phase I and II provide only 85 liters of water per person per day.
On the occasion of Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti, the Government has launched a program called “Swachch Bharat”.
“Ka Seng also sends its condolences to those people who have been injured or if anyone has died because we did not intend to injure or kill anyone, but the HNLC has taken a strong step this time in this incident. “The police department from time to time has been investigating the Seng,” said the statement.
It is also an opportunity for the MLA of Mawphlang to take the lead or take advantage of such places in order to open up opportunities for the people to provide them with income generation opportunities for the development of the people of the area.
The damage caused by the fire has reached T.4 lakh.
Currently, LIC agents cannot renew the commission on any completion of work under the old agency.
The graduation ceremony was attended by the guests, family members, Heads of Departments (HODs), teachers and staff of Kinag Nangbah Government College. The union has won Merit Awards and All-Round Performance Awards for 13 departments.
Shillong, June 07: The Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) has suspended all examinations and interviews in the state. The order was issued by the High Court of Meghalaya.
940 grams of Nitrapzepam IP 10 mg weighing 9400 mg were seized from the 45-year-old man.
Others who asked questions and spoke during the training were Stanlon Kshiar and Rynsong Suting.
There are links that can be used to damage your computer.
Spanish football club Real Madrid have announced the arrival of a foreign player in the Spanish La Liga. Spain have signed Joselu from Espanyol for the upcoming season.
The BJP said it would win the voice vote if it wins the session.
If the TMC and BJP have said that the NPP has lost ground in Garo Hills and that 2/3 of its MLAs have fled the party to the BJP, what else is behind that? Here in Khasi-Jaintia, they say that the people of Khasi-Jaintia have voted for the NPP like a dog.
Section 7 of the bill prohibits the transportation of cattle without proper documents from one state to another, or through Assam.
The body of Fullmoon was found and it is suspected that the robbers had tied his hands and feet and cut off his beard with sharp weapons until he died on the spot from blood loss.
There are two types of Union Territories (a) with a Parliament, Delhi, Puducherry and Jammu & Kashmir (b) without a Parliament, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Chandigarh, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu, Ladakh and Lakshadweep, under the jurisdiction of the Central Government.
Khliehriat, June 24 : Members of the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPLF) led by the President, Bah Kyrshan Blah today inspected the Ladrymbai Bypass and found that the road has been damaged and The union demands that the PWD department should take action to repair the road as soon as possible.
In Manipur, Parikshit Thoudam has reached the 60th position this year, while in 2019 it has reached the 373rd position.
About 80 shopkeepers have been evacuated from the market after the collapse of the Motphran Bridge for about 10 months.
He said how can we talk about development if those contractors cannot work well for the benefit of the people.
He said that the Prime Minister came to Krang on that day because it was his right to come.
It took more than two hours for rescue teams to rescue the boy, Wyatt Kauffman, after he fell from the top of the famous tourist attraction. of the world's tourists in the North Rim.
She said that as a Director, this is the second time that she has been included in the award ceremony.
“We demand that the government should issue a white paper on all the electricity projects implemented by the companies in the state,” said Bah Mawthoh. CBI. He said that this is the first time in the state that the people have not received electricity for 11 hours a day.
According to the ejahar, it was also alleged that some of them wanted to cover the hair of the men who came with them, but as it was the first time, they forgave.
He said that besides the FIR against the Rangbah Shnong, the union will lodge a complaint with the DC and the Supply Department, Ri Bhoi District, regarding the loss of ration. “The union will not stand idly by, but will continue to investigate the lack of ration in these four villages for more than six years,” said Bah Lumlang Mawnai.
This road has been left without any signs to warn motor vehicles or to indicate the danger of the road.
Also present on the occasion were the office bearers of KSU South West Khasi Hills District and KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Bah PS Lyngdoh and the family members of the deceased.
This road has been allocated Rs 64.12 crore and is 41.5 km long for the construction.
Nongpoh: Members of the HNYF, 20Mer Circle, today at 11 am, arrested six suspected mynder, while they were trying to smuggle into the state.
On the sports sector, the Cabinet has approved to improve the sports sector in the State.
“The insurgents in Garo Hills have committed crimes by demanding money, kidnapping and this has caused discontent among the people,” Marak said.
Your politics is not your age.
There is no monopoly in the market.
The girl was found by her mother inside her bedroom while her body was lying on the floor.
The Chief Officer of the CRPF said that the department will visit all the districts of Meghalaya to explain and train the youth how to get jobs in the CRPF. unemployment in this state.
The HNLC has alleged that the government has not taken action on the four demands of the party especially to forgive all the charges against the leaders and members of the party.
The HSPDP on Friday announced before the Coordination Committee of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) that it has appointed Adhoc Teachers. Governance on the demands of Adhoc School Teachers.
The decision opens the way for those fighting for a ceasefire to go to the 193-member United Nations General Assembly, where the decision of the UN General Assembly will be taken. many, without any more restrictions by members or so-called vetoes.
He said there are three places in the river which are suitable for being made into sanctuaries.
In the presence of Bah Speshon Lyngdoh Sylliang, Bah Dolin Tymban Doloi of Sohkhwai, Bah Ston Nongkyum Pator, who explained that his position as Lyngdoh in the Raid Sohkhwai, Bah Ston Nongkyum Pator, was present. I have the documents through the District Council and also the certificate issued by the office of the Sirdar Nongpoh Sirdarship Elaka and on these documents I am the Lyngdoh of the Raid Sohkhwai.
The News of the Dead8
When asked about the working methods of the MLA of this constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Bah Martle said, “The working methods of the current MLA of Mawkynrew are very different from what should be done. say 1 says 2 and instead of saying 5 says 10, so the people should think carefully how to elect a leader.
Shillong, July 6: U Bah James Sylliang MDC Mawhati, on Tuesday said that the people of Mawhati constituency, are facing difficulties these days when there are jobs, because of the MLA of Mawhati constituency, Bah Julius Dorphang. he was still on his hideaways from the police.
Many of the students who have passed the MTET examination since 2021 have been unemployed for two years after the Government has not issued their appointment letters.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
After the prayer and prayer of Lanosha, the Kongthei also gave herself up and took and drank the tea among the people who were sick because of the illness.
Matthew 19:26.
hillong, July 25: The opposition MDCs have slammed the EM of the KHADC Trade Department, Bah James Sylliang, after he failed to respond to the companies that are opening their departments. or-not to obtain a trade License for each unit.
He said that the completion of this Kñia Pyrthat is a great achievement for the Langdohs who are in charge of the sacred forests, sacred rivers and other sacred places in the Jowai District. The Dolloi is the one who provides for the needs of mankind, while the Dolloi is only the overseer of the khadar.
Besides these, there are also 40 protected forests, parks and wildlife sanctuaries like Nohkrek Park in South Garo Hills and Narpuh in West Jaintia Hills.
On this occasion, there will also be an award ceremony for the students of the Kur who have passed the PhD examinations from any board for the year 2021-2
The Prime Minister urged all the employees working for the care of the sick and the elderly residents to get vaccinated to avoid the risk of contracting covid
Therefore, the family, when they did not have the opportunity to search and take the body, they started to send knia and the priests, they said that the old man, is dead.
Bah Bindo said that the people of Nongkrem will warn him for his insult to the people of Mawhati.
It was in the tie-breaker that the Galaxy scored 5-4 goals against the opponents.
There is also a difference between the Khasi, the war against the maram, the Pnar against the lyngngam and so on.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Sandi Syiem of the Sanker Center said that there is no other cure for suicide than to build closeness and relationships between people.
Paul said it is the duty of the Law Department to invite and request the views of the PAC and the Assembly Secretariat. He said the Executive cannot speak on behalf of the PAC. council house.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 1,514 in the past 24 hours, according to Johns Hopkins University.
Shillong, March 4: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday criticized the Congress MLAs for allegedly joining the shatri of Dr. Mukul Sangma, the Prime Minister. law to clean up his dictatorial strategy.
Speaking of Sawian, she is known for her willingness to wear new clothes, from her dress in the Suri song to this new song which she has put on with a beautiful shñuihkhlieh. like the Africans.
Shillong: East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also a suspended member of the Congress party, today resigned as a member of the Indian National Congress.
The exoplanet completes its orbit once every 33 days and is closer to its star than the Earth is from the sun.
These foreigners interfere with the movement of local or private vehicles in the area and charge fines at will.
According to sources, Irani today in a meeting with state government officials, Irani has criticized the state government for the insufficient use of funds allocated by the central government. to schools in this state.
This was announced in an interview with a senior leader of the party today.
In videos posted on social media, it was seen that the Meghalaya Police while patrolling the area were attacked by the Karbi community and had to flee farther to escape. from any traumatic events.
On the other hand, the HYC demands that the government should set up adequate police and outposts in this area to protect the people and also demands that it is time for the three governments, the Government of India. The Meghalaya and Assam governments should resolve the border issue because the inability to resolve the border issue has become a threat to the people.
This was announced by Bah Batkupar Wahlang, General Secretary of the party.
Those present included D.Synkon, Retired SDO of Ranikor Civil Sub, HS Diengdoh, MCS, Sounder Cajee, Minister of Mawlangwir Village; u Bah NS Wanniang, office bearers of Mawlangwir Sports Club and other dignitaries of the area.
On the other hand, the government department has urged all the manufacturers of dew byrtha, in this regard, many laws have been passed by the Pollution Control Board, and have been ordered not to use dew byrtha. colors that will not harm the environment.
“I think you know which state he is from but he doesn't explain why he is from Meghalaya,” he said. Until now, neither the party spokesperson nor the National Spokesperson of the AITC has spoken.
Ten years ago, the song Jerusalema, composed and sung by Master KG and Nomkebo Zekode, became a popular song and spread all over the world.
According to Dr SL Marbaniang, Kohli has assured them that those who violate the law will be punished as the BJP does not support any religion.
A video has been circulating on social media in which the NPP candidate, Bah Samlin Malniang has insulted the religious leaders.
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has approved the nomination of Bah Titosster Well Chyne for the post of CEM of KHADC. After discussions and differences of opinion, the opposition was persuaded to accept Sohra MDC Bah Titosster as CEM. There were 18 MDCs who attended the meeting including from the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, MDC individuals.
Fortunately, however, the house, the second and larger, escaped destruction.
The union has requested and urged these dewbilat factories to cooperate with the union and to grant the demands of the union. Take action on this issue from time to time but the sad thing is that these factories have not done what they should have done and the government should take action and investigate. and that it should take action against these factories which are clean and do whatever it wants.
Of course, Meghalaya is not a State with enough income and income to provide for all its citizens.
We are sorry that there are exploiters, profiteers who are quick to sacrifice the welfare of the state for the sake of wealth.
Shillong, November 16: U Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit MLA Nongkrem will visit Mawjrong-Laitkroh Constituency for a public hearing on the ILP on November 20 at 2:15 pm.
“In our state, we have a milk production of about 12 lakh liters and at the same time the number of milk drinkers per annum is more than lakh liters.
In an interview with the media, Rio also informed that the Prime Minister of India – Narendra Modi and the Prime Minister of India – Narendra Modi and the Prime Minister of India Minister of Home Affairs – Amit Shah will visit Nagaland once again this month or next month.
We too are now in a time of fear of the corona virus – covid19, which has spread to the whole world and we as a state here have been fearful, and by “Kohnguh” the word judgment of the rulers, we have joy, in knowing that we are hidden in the hands of the Almighty God.
“Khalistan supporters have been imprisoned in Assam and tortured.
Residents of the area said that there are places where the cold has been severe but it is not known whether there have been any losses of houses.
The Government has also allowed food vehicles, medicine vehicles and home delivery vehicles, personnel involved in the health department, police, security, armed forces, civil defence, home guard, fire. Employees of MeECL, NEEPCO, Food Corporation of India, Information Public Department, Bank employees and Post Office employees will have to travel in accordance with the permission issued by the Deputy Commissioners. .
Referring to the number of health centers such as CHCs, PHCs which are blood banks to provide treatment to the sick in any area or district, it shows that that area is the most backward in the State.
At the meeting held at Max Cement, the Managing Director of the company, congratulated and encouraged the athletes of the school to continue to progress in the field of sports. I also thanked the coach and teachers who supported the children from time to time and encouraged the children to have the spirit of struggle to reach the goal.
Bah Ardent also met with the shopkeepers under the banner of the Union of Jail Sellers of Motphran Bridge (SKNJJM) on the Motphran Bridge who came to him to help them.
He appealed to the people especially the elders, village headmen, dignitaries of the 19 Jowai South Constituency if they are willing to support this project, they can contact him or phone him. no 8132924885, said that he cannot say anything regarding the party he will contest.
L.P School, Abborsing L.Mawlong, Asst.Teacher, Tirot Sing Memorial Govt.
Therefore, we should turn off the use of gas, heaters and other electrical appliances.
I have always said that if there are high levels, why don't you file an FIR to arrest such people?
FKJGP through its Organizing Secretary Wompher Wann and President of War Jaintia Hills District Bahshlur Mukhim have urged the FKJGP to take action against them. that few days.
The source said that the bodies of these two brothers were found in a rudnong and this morning without informing the police they cleaned up their bodies at Lum Thangbriew of the village.
At the meeting, Banshai said that the government should stop forcing people to wear masks. feel.
The house built by the MPUF is located in Jalyiah village of Rit Dkhar.
“In the 2023 elections, all the ethnic parties from UDP, HSPDP, PDF, VPP have won only 19 seats. “The people have given their decision, let's see what happens,” said Dr. Jemino.
Domestic workers should be included in the list of employees in accordance with the notification issued in the Minimum Wages Act, 1984, and the minimum wage should be implemented.
The Congress candidate for the mid-term elections from Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, is close to the Chief Minister and for that reason, Dr Adviser Pariong did not get the ticket. has close ties with the Chief Minister's team.
Shillong: U Sanbor Shullai, MLA of the BJP, today wrote to Himanta Biswa Sarma, MLA of the BJP and Chairman of the NEDA. In the letter to Sarma, Shullai said that the complaint against the KSU leader by Amitesh Chakraborty, BJYM leader, has been lodged against the KSU leader. Cachar District.
Shillong, July 19: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has vowed to continue its protest in front of the Secretariat until the government reinstates the three officers of the Meghalaya Lokayukta, who have been sacked. They have exposed the corruption of Mahendraganj MLA Sanjay Sangma.
The kingdom said it had warned that defiant customers would be dealt with strictly.
At the same time, he demanded that an inquiry should be conducted into the allegations of involvement of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma and the ANVC (B).
“Students, parents who send their children to school don't have the money to pay school fees, vendors don't have the money to sell in the market,” said Bah Lapang. The NDA government's hasty action is unacceptable in issuing the T.2000 note and removing the T.1000 note and this has affected the poor because they don't have the money to buy and sell. .
Furthermore, they appeal to all the youth to refrain from this in order to maintain peace and unity.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang (National Youth Awardee) who is also the Secretary General of the Meghalaya Progressive Foundation. “When you cast your vote, you decide the future of the five years”.
In the Above-16 category, St. Peter's Secondary School, Mawjrong won the title by defeating Kyntiew Shaphrang Secondary School, Laitlyngkot.
Mandari Dkhar scored 19 runs from 20 balls and Mansuk M Kurbah took three wickets for 13 runs in four overs.
The CEM's recommendation was accepted by the House and the Chairman of KHADC announced that a special session to discuss the Bill will be held on 5th November,
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Don Bosco Youth Centre, Shillong on Saturday conducted a training on how to choose the subjects for the students who have just written the Class-X and Class-XII examinations. , which was known as the Career Expo 2022 was held at Cilia Memorial Hall, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
It is also a great shame for the country, which finished second behind Spain in the last World Cup four years ago and has been selected for the last nine rounds. of the lymphony.
KWWADA has urged all the paradoh para snam who own land in Ri Hynniewtrep not to sell or give away even a piece of land to others.
Therefore, the union has asked who will be responsible if anything happens to those patients who are transported by this vehicle especially to the poor women.
Two persons including Bayan Kharbani, 25, from Nonglwai village have been arrested and from his body police have recovered 10 grams of rice. Slondarly Khardewsaw, 27, of Mawkaton, Mawkaton, was arrested on suspicion of being a drug injector. They seized 19 bottles of kyiad phareng.
Shillong: Two IAS officers from the Ministry of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj of the Union Government today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Teinwel Dkhar.
Father Hilarius said that in today's world this compassion has begun to disappear and people don't know how to respect the elderly, the brothers and sisters don't know how to respect Ma u Woh as well. He said that through this great day of the Diocese, let us turn to the Word of God which teaches us to be humble. and those who know how to honor the elderly.
The book was published by the Department of Arts and Culture of the State Government on the occasion of the opening ceremony of the 50th Anniversary of the State.
Siraj, who has returned to action, scored 3/29 runs to help the team win their first ODI. and Australia, he was even better in the second ODI by scoring 37 runs in three overs and lost the top spot in the list of top scorers.
Those who fail to comply will be punished according to the Meghalaya Epidemic COVID-19 Regulation
There have been many implementation measures under the Nirbhaya scheme and the Social Welfare Department has provided training to the students living in hostels on how to protect their lives, he said. state.
The road is like a thma and a bomb.
Balgrik Sangma scored 2/23 for Mizoram and Mizoram's leading batsmen almost fell to the ball of Balgrik Sangma who scored 2/2 62/5.
Dr. Donkupar Roy was Deputy Chief Minister in 2006, then reached the post of Chief Minister, temporarily in 2008 and when he passed away in He is still the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
“At the same time, the HNLC has warned Star Cement not to proceed with the mining project at Brishyrnot.
Therefore, as I was elected by the people of the village and if the people are not satisfied with the way I work as Rangbah Shnong, they should come to the people at home, not just to the media. “I am ready to obey and respect the voice of the people in the village,” he added.
The new office bearers of the KSU Nongpoh Circle include Bapynshngain Lyngdoh as President, Vice President Elevenson Makdoh, General Secretary Ronald Khongjoh and others.
The truck bearing the number AS 01 EC 8525 was seized from the truck and a Challn bearing the name M/S Shiva Beverages Pvt.
"“The sad thing is that when I decided not to contest the election, there were some candidates who took advantage of my decision and took advantage of the work that my father has done for the people. and this proves that these people who take advantage are selfish leaders,” said Eugene.
The ECC has also sent a statement to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council not to renew the NOC without the consent of the residents of Lelad, otherwise the residents will protest in front of the JHADC office. One of the women expressed her sorrow over the impact of the smoke from the coke factory, at the same time she expressed her respect and gratitude to the ECC for coming to sympathize with the plight of the people. they met.
The meeting was opened under the chairmanship of the President of AJMW&LU Jowai Unit, Phrangsngi Sutnga. Bethcy M Toi, Labor Inspector, Office of the Deputy Labor Commissioner, Jowai.
We need Seng leaders like you.
The Ramakrishna Mission Sohra has extended its helping hand by distributing food aid to the poor families in Mynkrem Shangpung village, West Jaintia Hills.
“If you let me, I'll speak,” said Hiram and poured the umsoh back into the glass. “I like that we speak Khasi to strangers but I'm sorry that you don't show signs of being like a foreigner. “Bah Hiram, you have thrown me with a knife,” he said in thought.
“The question in the drug trafficking and drug consumption in the area is that the Hima does not take care to look after the market.
Amit Shah said the aim of the Modi Government is to prevent crimes arising from the use of computers.
However, at the same time, Metbah admitted that he has not seen their reply although he has received information that they have sent it to the general secretary of the party.
The RBYF leaders led by HNYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, HNYF President Markus Marten, NR and Eddie.
Speaking at the meeting, the Mawphlang MLA said that he has decided not to contest the election because he does not want to serve two masters because all the jobs will be lost. He said that he will always be with the UDP party in this election and also with the party candidates and appealed to the party supporters to work hard together with dignity for the sake of the party. Speaking at the announcement ceremony of the UDP candidate from Mawphlang for the 2023 election, Bah Mathew Beyond Kurbah said that he has already retired. He has been serving for 33 years as a government servant but now he wants to serve the people of Mawphlang Constituency and the state as a whole.
Shillong, July 7: Ka KSU Mawkyr Wat Circle will hold a flag raising ceremony on the 13th of this month from 10 am from the ground floor of Seven Sisters Secondary School Domrua to Mawsaw.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung said that the meeting with the Chief Minister was to request the state government to fight for the recovery of the 18 villages of Raid Nongtung or Block II which have been demolished. Assam should not return to Meghalaya.
They urged the people, civil society and village leaders to come forward and stand against the company's plan to implement the new system.
These varieties of soh imat were first grown in India.
I think it was November last year, when this question arose once again in the Legislative Assembly, I was no longer in office,” he said. I have already told you about the expenditure and I don't know about the rest of the money.
The union said that the residents of the area in a meeting with its leaders expressed their sorrow and grief over the lack of attention of the authorities and leaders to the road.
The CM has also launched a scheme to assist farmers to receive subsidy if about 33 per cent of their crops are affected by untimely rains.
Every rainy season, he used to put them in fields far from the villages, because they were the places where the cows and sheep were still more hungry.
Here arises the question; it shall be done when the faith of the LORD is not there.
The meeting began with a welcome speech by Bah Panborlang Nongkynrih, Member of the Executive Committee of Laban Sports Club.
“For the amendment, renewal or abolition of any constituency, in fact it should not be done 5 (five) months before the election but at least 2 (two) or 3 (three) years before, so that “It won't cause any trouble or sorrow or confusion for anyone,” said Bah Nongrum. “Maybe, the minister is all asleep,” said Bah Nongrum.
According to sources, the central government has directed the state government to complete the acquisition of land for the signage as soon as possible.
He said that in the constitution of the party, there is a demand that the party has demanded a Khasi State and if it reaches the point where there will be no ethnic division among the Khasi- Jaintia and Garo, it is better to get their own state so that the employment share will be equal.
Through this sudden visit by these women from the village, it has brought many benefits, because after a while, there was a dispute between these women and the SDO, but at the end of the day, The SDO promised to install a transformer in the village, so that the people of the village can escape from the darkness.
The deadline for withdrawal of nomination papers is Saturday, 30th October but no candidates have withdrawn their nomination papers.
Agatha, who is also an MP of the NPP, went to file her nomination papers in the presence of her brother who is also the Chief Minister and National President of the NPP Conrad K Sangma. Home Minister Prestone Tynsong, other government ministers, Symbud Lamphang Timothy D Shira, mother, brother James PK Sangma, and many supporters.
Meanwhile, Probity Nongpluh, one of the petitioners, said that the lawyers have informed that the court has now suspended and postponed the case.
Buses coming from Nongthymmai, Laitumkhrah or Mawlai via Lumdiengjri via Civil Hospital to 9lad via IGP and Kachari will be diverted to the Governor's Residence and onwards.
The Government should temporarily ban those who go to study and work abroad.
Manik Das tied 40 runs from 45 balls and Teiborlang scored 33 runs from 42 balls.
“Besides these eight, two others (who did not want to be named) have already discussed to join the BJP and there will be 10 candidates from JHADC,” he said.
While the Congress has 29 MLAs, two NCP MLAs, 11 independent MLAs and one from the NCP, it will not succeed because they have too few MLAs. The North East Social Democratic Party (NESDP) supports the ruling Congress.
Lapang also spoke to the Minister of Electricity, Bah Sniawbalang Dhar and urged him to do the work in consultation with the officers on the operation of MeECL to avoid any harm to the people.
Isn't this the opposite of school teachers? The government has already arranged the government employees from head to toe in their ranks.
This law will come into force from 03rd July 2022 until further notice.
However, by the time he reached Calcutta, he had often begun to deteriorate.
“With the assistance of Mairang and Ri Bhoi District Police, we have arrested another suspect on the 18th of this month.
Hamlet said all that remains now is to get a report from the PWD and clarification from the NHIDCL to avoid collisions with the road.
Police on 8th June recovered an unexploded bomb of army tanks from the foundation stone laying ceremony for a construction site in Mawlynrei Nonglum, Shillong.
Currently, there are 142 cases undergoing treatment.
In 4X4 MODIFIED, 1st Prize was won by Protik Malniang (Driver) & Biru Dkhar (Navigator), 2nd Prize was won by Shanker Swer (Driver) & Alanwest Jana (Navigator) (Rs 50,000), and Madilost was 3rd Prize. Nongbri (Driver) & Keywellnass YK Bodnam (Navigator) (Rs 30,000).
However, I will continue to provide my services for the development of the state,” said the letter, sent by Raj to the Chief Minister today.
This is the last time to send a letter, we cannot refuse to send a letter to the KHADC since we sent a letter on 25th November, 2022 to immediately remove the Rangbah Shnong Garo but for almost three months the District Council has not “We have listened to our demands and we have reminded the CEM on 14th July, 222 to remove us but he has not done anything,” said Bah Dohtdong.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday held a meeting of its Central Executive Committee (CEC) at its headquarters in Bomfyle Road, Shillong.
Your victory is in your hands.
He said that while doing this volunteer work is not easy although the challenges and new challenges should not discourage me but they are the bridge stones that I can develop for the betterment of the society. He said that the youth are like seeds because the society hopes and trusts in them for tomorrow.
Those who are free from its clutches are freer to act.
In any discussion forum, he is responsive and gives advice to build and improve.
Tynsong said that these 41 persons are currently in quarantine, where they pay their own expenses.
She said the attackers had returned to their camps amid peace.
He encouraged the management and teachers to work harder in the future as he too is looking forward to seeing the school grow from time to time. period.
The President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie, has strongly criticized the All India Trinamool Congress (ANC) over the WE Card (Women Empowerment) The BJP has vowed to lodge a complaint with the Election Commission of India.
On the other hand, the truck drivers expressed their dissatisfaction by saying that if the illegal tax collection points cannot be removed, many illegal tax collection points will inevitably appear on the road.
“His passing away is a testimony to his love not only for the small people but for this small city,” said Bah Warjri.
The training program started with a short program at the school grounds.
Earlier, James K Sangma had said he did not agree to summon the officer to appear in the House and left before taking Zenithsky for trial.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 11: St. Francis of Assisi College, Siejlieh on Friday launched the College Week, in the presence of the Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat was the chief guest.
In the midst of the outbreak of Covid 19 in India and our State as well at this time, although all of us, we are worried about money at this time, how this disease will apart from us as a State and that our health will once again return and that we will live in peace and prosperity as citizens, but there are other people who at such times who take advantage of the situation of the times and do things that affect the society and the State as a whole.
Shillong: The State Government today allowed the resumption of works related to repair work shops in the state.
The family members of Bah (L) Maniwell Jahrin hold the Maniwell Jahrin Academy Excellence Award every year as part of the honor and encouragement to the students who have excelled in chess. various levels of education to encourage them; they have no knowledge; the important thing is that they also know God.
However, the Governor of Meghalaya spoke in Hindi in the Legislative Assembly, and other Legislative leaders such as Kong M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and several others spoke in Khasi in the Legislative Assembly and the Assembly went smoothly.
Shillong, March 7: The loss caused by the suspected fire at the BSNL warehouse in Mawiong, which occurred on Sunday night, has exceeded T.20 to T.30 crore.
It may be recalled that the Minister of Sports in the MDA-I government, had already announced the construction of a 50 meter stadium at the JN Stadium Complex, but this has ended only in the sky, although it has pleased. report to the members of the state especially the association.
These employees of the JHADCSA Jowai today came out again to sit in front of the office for three days with the flags. and yellow hats, as a sign of protest against the government's failure to pay salaries.
Birla, 56, takes over from Sumitra Mahajan, who has won five terms in the Lok Sabha.
Speaking to media, Bah Rocky Kylla Chairman of Umsning Town Dorbar said that the festival will be held in a different manner starting tomorrow. entertainment for children and adults along with various games that the public can witness and take part in at the Umsning Stadium.
Sylvester Mawthoh, Spokesperson, requested the government to conduct interviews for the vacant posts so that the teachers who have passed in various grades can teach because the posts are vacant. Many of them are empty and at this time when children need education they can get it even if it is not from online classes.
It was found that more than 19 lakh Hindus were Muslims.
The purpose of this competition is to provide an opportunity for the young students to showcase their talents so that they can better develop their skills. become leaders once a day.
Nongpoh: U Bah MG Kharshanlor of Saiden village, has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi, against the weigh bridge on the road from Guwahati to Shillong. Umling, has turned into an illegal tax collection center and has oppressed the people.
According to witnesses at the scene, the truck overturned.
The High Court has also warned the Chief Secretary and the DGP that they will have to take responsibility if found guilty of any illegal activity in connection with the coal mining. SP in the districts to ensure that there will be no illegal smuggling of coal whether through trucks or any vehicle.
Please take care to stay clean and wear masks in public places.
Kharjana said that after meeting with the Minister, the Minister has assured that the ASHA workers will receive 100% free treatment from MHIS. It will set up a Grievances Community to oversee the dismissal of ASHA employees.
(Paragraph 2 (vii) on pages 54-55 of the Financial Accounts Vol.
Disparsing said that although the Civil Department has produced a lot of money, the surprising thing is that they have used this money because one of the MRI machines has been installed in the. 25th July 2013 at the Civil Hospital has disappeared on 5th July 2022, but until now they have not taken any action to improve or replace the MRI at this hospital.
It has been witnessed that during these days of garbage collection, there are also dead wild animals that have been dumped in the area which has caused a snowstorm which can affect human health.
BEGIN LS PASLEIN (INC) –  16944.
All beneficiaries are requested to bring their IDs (EPIC, PAN Card, Aadhar Card, Driving License, Passport, Pension Passbook, Ration Card) to register on the Co-WIN portal and to get the appointment slip.
“If the MDA Government has not done anything, how can the NPP still win the elections to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya in
The aim is also for them to learn about our rich history and heritage.
In West Garo Hills, there are 13 cases of which 11 are high risk, one is a health worker and one is a foreigner.
The government is blind to the suffering that has engulfed our state.
Only those who have scored 70 percent or above in SSLC and HSSLC, Graduate 60% or above, Master 60% or above, Professional Course including MBBS, Lawyer, Engineering and others will be awarded.
In the sub junior boys (35 kg), East Khasi Hills defeated South West Khasi Hills and Ribhoi won the bronze medal.
He said that there are only a few petrol pumps which have employed Khasi children.
Lyngdoh said that the public should not misunderstand that as soon as the foundation stone is laid, the Block has been completed.
Therefore, in fact, you should understand that when the elderly come, you should not sit together.
In the afternoon, the meeting was concluded with the celebration of the Sacrament and the laying down of the flag of the Union by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh and the announcement of the 15th Tournament to be held at 2024 in Parish Wahlang-Zone IV by Rev. Andreas Pariat Spiritual Director of the Union.
Shillong: The state football team is ready to take part in the Santosh Trophy North East Qualifiers to be held in Agartala.
Another thing is that the officer has not announced that next year there will be three posts except chowkidar, peon and cleaner.
However, apart from just lying and telling stories to each other, we are not ready to stand up as responsible people and not complain to the Lok Ayukta.
Shillong, March 15: The Sengbhalang has continued its protests by declaring a 24 hour curfew on the 17th and 18th of March.
The recording and mixing were done by Warble Studio.
He informed the Full Bench of the High Court which was hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) regarding the seizure of property by public leaders.
Shillong, July 11: Due to the heavy patrolling by the police in the state, many of the outskirts of the city have been affected by theft which has been rampant in the past years. security and surveillance cannot prevent people from getting suitable places to steal.
Khliehriat, July 10: To mark the World Environment Day, the students of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School on Saturday, held a public exhibition in Khliehriat, by Street Play in Khliehriat East.
Until now, Bah Kmenlang Nonglang has not been found yet.
“They have accepted foreign religion, they should no longer follow what we Khasi do, if they feel that they want to be like that, they should return to their homeland, if you have the intention to return to the “We welcome you to the Khasi religion but if you don't come don't misuse it,” said the Seng Khihlang.
After the meeting, Bah Prestone Tyngson, said that during the meeting, they had the opportunity to discuss many issues, especially to talk to the Hima, Raid and Shnong leaders, to come and showcase the documents, in order to verify the ownership of land in these areas where there is a border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
What we need now is that we can do something for the sake of our country and nation that we should have a sense of unity among us, love for our country and nation, avoid differences in related to our background, language, religion, poverty, education, position, and the last one is the Unity that does not count one another.
Ojha said the virus came from China's Wuhan province in 2019 and has now killed thousands of people, including two from India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District has sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri. Our ancestors have suffered excessive torture by the authorities of West Jaintia Hills District, but even after you know the truth, you have done it. the persecution of our youth'
Shillong, Nailar 24: The UDP MDC from Nongpoh, Kong Rona Khymdeit, has denied that she intends to join the ruling party in the KHADC of the PDF.
It is worth mentioning that on the 24th, two elderly men suspected to be employees of MCL, have threatened the police by using words like The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPC) has decided to bombard and tie and kill the people who have gathered at the MCL factory to protest against the Public Hearing conducted by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. The MCL has dismissed these two persons after a complaint and demand from the employees of Topcem in East Jaintia Hills to dismiss them.
East Khasi Hills has 782 cases, West Garo Hills 89, Ri Bhoi 61, West Jaintia Hills 17, West Khasi Hills 13, East Jaintia Hills 10, South West Khasi Hills 9, South Garo Hills 3, South West Garo Hills 3, North Garo Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
It is learned that there have been threats among the people against the man, because of these allegations of men aiksuid, and the man has sent a complaint to the police and on this complaint, it is understood that the police have The accused were summoned and Bah Nopin, as the complainant, was summoned for trial, but it was after the action of the village that the matter was resolved. The complaint was dismissed and reconciliation was made between the complainant and the complainants before the Pynursla Police Station.
Shillong, Nailur, 03 : The residents of Mawdun village, near Pung Umïam, have faced difficulties in coming and going and carrying colors due to the road connecting from Mawlai Umthlong to the village. Mawdun to Nongpathaw village has been destroyed due to the lack of maintenance of this road by the PWD department.
He was with God in the beginning.
Pedestrians had difficulty navigating the sidewalks and were forced off the roads, further congesting the road.
It was a shrip but because I have fled to safe places they are still following me. Now they have damaged my shops, they have covered my shops with JCBs. to destroy my own income and that of others who live together.
So if the people need change, only TMC can bring change because you have experienced others".
The Chief Minister said that the Zo (Mizo) people have provided accommodation for these Manipur people and the State Government has taken steps. to meet other needs.
One of the members of the day laborers' union took part in the protest along with a 5 month old child.
We don't know whether the State Government still trusts the electricity department, but if it doesn't install the meter, which has to be paid in advance, it doesn't make sense. There is no electricity and this will cause MeECL to waste the money of the people without getting the electricity they need.
She said the agriculture department has taken measures to avoid environmental pollution and has followed the rules of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB).
However, less than 10 months after the incident in Pamphyrnai, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has issued new rules to conduct these fishing competitions.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 262 cases in Demseiniong Cluster 3, Dongiew Mawphlang Cluster 3, Golflink Cluster 3, Health Worker 8, Laimer Cluster 7, Laitlyngkot Cluster 4, Lumbasuk Cluster 6, Lumsteryiap 1 Ap Smit Cluster , Mawlai Motsyiar Orient's Theological College Cluster 83, Mawngap Cluster 10, Nongmynsong Cluster 4, Nongrim Sadew Cluster 5, Nongthymmai Cluster 7, Police 2, Pynurbah Cluster 11 Pynursla Cluster 7. Sohra Cluster
He emphasized on the role of the private sector in the preservation and development of the environment for the future.
From now on we will experience hot and dry winters and it is felt that the Government should turn to the wonderful powers of the Sun and the Wind, to Solar Energy and even to Wind Energy.
This is the first time that Iran has launched its own attack against Israel, although in the past, it has used other terrorist groups to fight against the country.
This incident happened shortly after the District authorities arrested the four owners of these illegal coal mining factories.
Besides these symbols of thought, issues affecting the Jaidbynriew such as the inclusion of mynder Ri in the electoral rolls and the unfounded merger of the Khasi Hills with India in 1947 were also discussed. by Mr. Dr. Nongbri and Mr. Sumer.
The Russian Defense Ministry said one of the Sukhoi-34 fighter jets failed to drop a bomb at 22:15 on Friday in Belgorod, where it landed. also carry a very high explosion.
It is prohibited to enter or leave one house to another without urgent or unavoidable reasons.
Throughout the day, the Mawhati MLA, visited the employees and ASHAs of the Jamanar Health Sub Center in Mawlyngkhung village and after that he visited the Sub. Center in Mawrong village, which are also health centres, which provide health care to the surrounding villages.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the General Election for the Lok Sabha 2024 will be held on 19th June 2024. Conduct within the District as a whole as well as the provisions of 144 CrPC. He said that the Election Commission will ensure that everything goes smoothly and the voters cast their votes without any hesitation. and without any fear.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 42 cases including 37 cases from Armed Forces, 4 cases from High Risk and 2 cases from NEPA. .
When inquiring from the border villages where there are quarries and quarries, many of the villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, the state government is losing revenue and the reason is that there is no protection. On the part of the Meghalaya government, this is also according to a source received by this reporter.
The blueprint for the development of Shillong has been prepared by the Ministry of Home Affairs in consultation with other government departments based on the report prepared by Dalberg. Global Development Advisors in July 2021.
EJHDCA, who won the toss and elected to bat first, tied first and scored 88 runs in 22 overs while Nishikania Sinha scored 34 runs.
At the meeting held after the rally, speeches were delivered by religious leaders and other leaders who attended the rally.
The rain has not stopped yet and the construction has just started but it will take time to get vehicles and electricity,” he added.
May this spirit of courage spread all around with respect for work, time and employers who work under others.
“The people have elected the UDP candidate and I expect him to work well to fulfill the responsibility that the people have placed on him,” he added.
Sutnga-Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla has directed the NHAI staff to immediately repair and repair the flooded sections of the NH-6 which connects Meghalaya to Mizoram, Tripura and other parts of the country. parts of Assam and Manipur.
In this first meeting, the President of Sales and Marketing of the company, Dr. Anil Kapur, asked what the company has done for the villagers in the areas. represented the factory of TOP CEM, but he could not answer clearly.
In this regard, the Minister Conrad Sangma said that the Government has set up Start ups to guide entrepreneurs and various Missions so that the implementation of development projects of the Governments will be successful.
The road will help boost the income of the eastern part of Ri Bhoi through the trade.
Rakkam told reporters that the parents of the students came to meet him in Tura and expressed their concern over the incident.
The festival is part of the promotion and exhibition of the traditional customs and traditions of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo peoples of Meghalaya.
Everyone who comes here is high paid.
Shillong, July 29: The Minister in charge of Textiles, Smriti Irani, on Tuesday said that the government will train textile manufacturers from They will be teaching at the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFTs) across the country from next academic year.
All Executive Members of CCORMAU are requested to arrive at the venue and at the appointed time and other employees who wish to participate.
Lyngdoh said that as this university is the first to be run by the state, it will provide training for higher education in humanities, commerce, general science and engineering. , physical science, life sciences, technology and others.
Shangpliang said the government will give time to the Textbook Review Committee to do what is necessary and after that, a decision will be taken on the new articles or syllabus and curriculum to be used in schools.
Tel Aviv: Israel's Cabinet agreed on Tuesday to reach a ceasefire with Hamas militants in exchange for the release of 50 people kidnapped by Hamas militants in Gaza. time, that these terrorists, will attack Israel, on the morning of 7th March
“The people will give a good answer to those who do not understand the feelings of the Hindus regarding the temple.
He said that there is a plan to provide drinking water to all 2,80,000 households through 1874 various projects.
Regarding the election, he said that he will apply for a ticket to contest the election next year as a BJP candidate. sit down and decide on the ticket.
Besides these two issues, the three Autonomous District Councils have also decided to oppose the decision of the Central Government to implement the Swamitva Scheme as the state has its own customs and traditions. the earth is shyiap.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) Youth Wing has said that they do not want to say anything on the demand of many churches from the government to revise the HSPDP. Reservation Policy between the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo communities but she said that the party stands firm on its position to demand a Khasi Jaintia state and when it gets its own state, reservation. Policy has come a long way.
Several people who have spread the photographs through social media have been sent to Patharkhmah Police Station on 12th June.
Shillong, Lber 15 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, after winning the MLA election from Mawkynrew Constituency recently, said that he will not betray the trust of the people of Mawkynrew Constituency. In the past five years, he will also take the cooperation to complete the outstanding works and to develop the Constituency.
Visit www.villagegetaways.
Dr Rajesh, Faculty (Gastroenterology), SRM Medical College Hospital & Research Centre, in his speech, said that tuberculosis is one of the most common diseases in the country.
He said that inside the vehicle, there was the President Mahila of one political party along with the State General Secretary of another political party although there was not a single police patrol at the scene.
“We look forward to a thorough discussion of the issues during these five days of this special session,” Joshi said.
The Governor was accompanied by the Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, BDR Tiwari, IAS along with other senior officials.
Shillong: After the circulation of a video on social media, it is suspected that the young woman who was raped and assaulted in the video is from the Northeast.
“There will be no AITC MLAs as of now and even in the future who will join the NPP because the NPP does not have a skilled leader,” said Lazarus.
Chairman of the Village Council Ma Ning Myntoi, President VDP Ma Boikmen Myntoi and several elders of the village were also present on the occasion.
As the worsening of air pollution in Mumbai has continued, this month of June has proved to be the month with the highest levels of air pollution compared to the last four years, revealed The Air Quality Index (AQI) has been released by the Central Pollution Control Board.
Speaking to media after the ceremony of honoring the first General Secretary of the HSPDP, Bah Arister Marbaniang, Bah KP Pangniang said that the struggle of the Hills State fighters is not complete because even after 50 years. Even after the state has been established, the boundary of the state has not been completely established and even the right to own the land has been violated in these days.
Jowai, March 21: A man identified as Wailad Papang of Umbuit village near Myntkung and Pammanik villages, West Jaintia Hills, has killed his wife. for two years.
The dorbar tlang to be held in November will be the only way before going back to the people.
A total of 14 people have recovered from the disease today.
ABBA have once again started performing with the same group they have been performing with since the 1970s.
“As a father, I am very happy for my son who has passed the examination.
These processing units require Soh Trun weighing 10 kilos or more and do not accept small Soh Trun.
The Waheh Shnong of Mukhaialong, Bah Hunderd Phawa, has spoken on the possibility of improving the Moolawar River in Mukhaialong Village which has been unusable for many years. However, with the collaboration of the village authorities including the village committees together with the MINR, the MBDA in 2017 by using shun stones, the water in this river has been cleaned and now the water in this river has been cleaned. has become acidic and has benefited 170 households who use water from the Moolwar river.
However, he said that the state government has already released its own plan.
On the other hand, P Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, informed the Minister that the department has worked on three pillars to provide health services according to the Meghalaya Health Policy,
The BSF has provided a boat to transport the residents of these villages across the river.
Mutual respect should be in all aspects, whether in the family, neighbours, in any group and community and especially in society as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 17: U MDC of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie, this morning held a meeting with the Village Officers of various Villages of Mawlai Pyllun to discuss the development works in the new villages.
Jowai Police have informed the Crime Scene Unit, Shillong who have been arriving since Friday and the investigation into the incident is ongoing and the Maruti Swift has been seized.
In addition, there were about 300 houses included in the C2B Category in this list which needed to be repaired or improved and the people living inside them were displaced.
Therefore, parents have the greatest responsibility for their children, not only in food, clothing, education but most importantly in teaching them to know God and to train them up in virtue and honor from childhood.
The rainfall in the past few days is not enough to fill the power plants and this is very difficult.
The price of rice was 35 kg per card at the price of T.3/- per kilo for those who do not have the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) card, 5 kg per head at the price of T.3/- - 7.215 kilos per card for those who do not have a Priority House Hold (PHH) card and 7.215 kilos per card for those who do not have a Vigilance Committee at a price not exceeding T.15/- per kilo. Besides these benefits, the government has also released free rice under the Prime Minister Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PMGKAY) to those who do not have a Non-NFSA card. kilo per head for AAY and PHH card holders only for the month of November
These students include Samla Hanika Barim of Mynken Christian Higher Secondary School, Bhoirymbong, who entered the 15th position of the Top 20 in the SSLC examination with 549 marks and distinction in all 6 subjects. Saphirihun Lyngdoh of Alpha English Higher Secondary School Nongpoh, who entered the 18th position of the Top 20 of the SSLC examination, scored 546 marks and received distinction in all six subjects.
Furthermore, in the current match, the team has faced difficulties in developing the style of play in the first set which has resulted in up to five goals in the symbol.
However, we understand that the government has not accepted this demand of the VPP because the Prime Minister has made it clear that the recruitment must continue.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Banlum Tariang, Secretary Dorbar Shnong Mawklot who is also the BLO. The Rangbah Shnong Mawklot, Bah M.Nongneng, has recently registered his name in the Electoral Roll.
The President shall address the joint sitting of both the members of the House.
Following up on the problem of these children, Rupang spoke to the Rangbah Shnong of Khliehumwang, Bah K.Muktieh, who is also the Headmaster of the school, at According to him, the reason for the delay in starting the school is because there is no suitable house for the children.
Congress MP Ma Vincent Pala has given a Nod (O) to the MDA party which is sitting with us three or four times, but we the UDP who have won the Congress party, when compared, we are still better. The NPP, even if it is a little stronger, because it is still listening, unlike the Congress.
Hands, food and drink should be clean.
“Such illegal trade across the border has caused great losses to the state and the country, but has enriched only a few of those involved,” he said.
“This is more than the theft of farmers,” said Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, General Secretary HFU West Khasi Hills District.
Strongly condemn this act of violence!" he tweeted.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong on Saturday said that he is awaiting an investigation into the shooting death of a man by the BSF in Mawshun village on Tuesday evening.
Shillong, Lber 6: Ka Seng Samla Mawkneng has found that the MLA of Sohiong constituency, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, has distributed a scheme to himself and the scheme which he has given to himself amounts to T.40 lakh. amount.
The Royal Palace was built in
Many states in India have implemented it like Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Haryana, Bihar and others.
We remember that the BJP in 1997-1998, lost the elections in Delhi because of the increase in the price of piat.
The only difference is that we know how to avoid bad friends but children don't.
“The land where the kharmetor live belongs to the Municipal, if it dumps garbage into the Thangsniang River, the Board should ensure that it doesn't happen. , and look after others not to flood from the beginning to the end of the river," said Kong Ampareen.
The death toll has risen to 8 and the total number of recoveries has risen to
He said that in the meeting with Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, he had already made it clear that the government should temporarily suspend these policemen and prosecute them according to the rules of law. which is illegal.
The 36-year-old two-time Olympic medalist from England has struggled to win as he is currently ranked 67th in the world.
Shillong, Lber 9: The NGT has banned the mining of coal in the state, said the Governor of Meghalaya today. Thawain Your State.
The ECI has banned voters from revealing who they voted for and has also banned them from carrying mobile phones at polling stations except those citizens. voters.
Prayer for the rescue of the missing soldiers," the Prime Minister said in a statement sent through the media.
When the Khasi went to win wars in those areas, they did not bring heads of people like those head hunters, but they conducted the rule there.
“When the Nuncio called me in Delhi to tell me the news that Pope Francis has appointed me as Bishop, I didn't know what to do but I was confused. Psalm "I am here to do your will and it was after more than three hours of prayer and reading that I decided to say Yes to Pope Francis' offer to me," he said. asked the Bishop.
“Former CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has set up the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) to hold the Monlit Festival in which Bah Titostarwell Chyne is the Chairman and other members without his knowledge as EM. “I was informed that a committee has been set up to organize the Monolit Festival which includes members from outside the Council,” said Bah Dkhar. ".
Police on Thursday visited the house where the incident occurred at Pdeng Shnong near Lumshyiap Community Hall where Bah Nongbet (45) from Nongshilliang was killed inside the house. evening.
An actress, who did not want to be named, has alleged that she was raped and assaulted by Bhushan Kumar, the head of T Series. There is talk of acting in three films directed by Kumar.
Victor Dkhar, B.Tech, in Civil Engineering, Wapungskur, Simon Pius Fidelish Dkhar, B.E, in Electrical & Electronics, Iongkaluh, Adv.Pynshai Kupar M Dkhar, BA.LL.B (Hons), Adv.Deimonmi Dkhar, BA (Eng.) LL.B, Wapungshnong, Adv.Shan Miki Dkhar, BA.LL.B (Hons), Ka Riakor Dkhar, MA (Sociology), B.Ed, Wapungshnong, M.Sc (Chemistry) Iongkaluh, MA (Khasi), Wapungshnong.
There were 35 bicycles distributed on this day.
The financial assistance is provided by the Relief and Resettlement Department of the Punjab Government.
Lawanda Diengdoh won the cash prize of T.30,000/- with momento, Jesicca Kharkrang won the cash prize of T.20,000/- and Morialda won the cash prize of T.20,000/-. Lyngdoh, who came in fourth place, received a cash prize of T.15,000/-.
This proposal is not only a release but it is meaningful and for the parties in the MDA they need to think carefully.
However, he said that the VPP still has the people to help clean up this hand.
Although the UDP is in the NPP-led coalition government, the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that although they are working together in the government, they do not intend to fight together, but the UDP has its own foundation.
In the petition, Bah Thongni said that seven constituencies under the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have remained unchanged for more than 40 months and the state government has not done anything so far. that day.
Nongpoh: U Ken Syiem of Raid Marwet, on Tuesday slammed Bah Louis Dohtdong, President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM), on allegations that the Syiem of Raid Marwet was involved in the theft. Many of the land has been transferred to foreign states, while many of the land has been transferred to Assam.
LSD is an infectious disease spread by lice, lice and lice.
The BJP has its own agenda working for the welfare of the people.
Shillong, June 04: The Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA) has decided to hold a mass rally on the 7th of June in Shillong to protest against the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
There are now teams of researchers and excavators to climb this 5,170 meter high mountain which is covered with snow and snow for 10 years.
Prestone said the government is now considering collecting revenue from team shops operating outside the state.
On this occasion, there was also the distribution of awards to the VOs and SHGs who have been able to work well within the CLF. Nangkiewshaphrang VO was awarded the Best VO for measures to improve the health of women and children while Iaidchaphrang SHG was awarded the Best SHG for ability to provide records relating to financial transactions.
Jowai Police have registered a case against the 5th Battalion policeman and the investigation is ongoing.
The most seriously injured are Khrasdiengwell Nongsiej (Mawlai Kyntonmassar), Bankiloler Sohshang (Riangdo), Evin Warjri (Mawlai Phudmuri), Baling Mawlong (Nongthliew), Christopher Kharbhih (Mawlai) and Mawda. the sons of Naphtali, Zibon, twelve cities;
There is only one truth and that is that if this disease spreads more and more to the population, there will be a cleanliness and spread between the healthy and the infected. corona virus and there, it will spread among the people of Ri Khasi and as soon as that happens, there will be fear of tympan among friends and relatives and even the family and there will be many who don't want anymore. to leave only in the ground floor of our homes and there, it will take away the tyrsim of poverty, from the discouragement of this corona virus, which we will have to fight hard, for many months ahead.
Referring to the census in the border villages of Assam and Meghalaya, including Mukroh, Tum Tum, Khatkasla, Psiar and Moolber, has also gone smoothly.
It is to be recalled that these KSU leaders have been registered under various provisions of the law at the Nongpoh Police Station, including Case No. 113(5)17, (5f)17 and 114(5)17 and police have arrested them on charges of setting fires in different parts of Ri Bhoi in opposition to the railway line.
“Now the Government will have to amend the rules according to the Meghalaya Land Holding System and this is where the problem arises.
“Therefore, recently in the review meeting with many of them, we have canceled the project because it is no longer meaningful," he added.
The race started from Mynnar Jirang and ended at Patharkhmah Government Higher Secondary School. PR Hajong BDO of Jirang C&RD Block, officers from the Sports Department, and other dignitaries from Patharkhmah area.
“After seeing these dangers, we introduced this law.
However, what is shocking is the desire to waste the state's budget by increasing the contingency fund which is an emergency fund.
The race started from Iewrynghep Square at 8 pm and ended at Nan Polok near the road to Pine Wood Hotel.
However, Bah Dhar said that the construction is for 40 km per hour.
The 112th Shad Suk Mynsiem, which was held for three days by the Seng Khasi Kmie, ended on Tuesday.
If Bah Shullai had not resigned from the post of Symbud Lamphang, he should have conducted the dorbar to elect the Lamphang according to the rules but because the Prime Minister did not trust him, he sent Bah Shullai to resign. .
Ms Patlong also explained how to prevent the spread of HIV, she said to avoid sexual intercourse, to avoid using the same injection needle, she urged the youth. She also urged the children to avoid drug abuse and not to get involved in drug abuse because once addicted it is difficult to escape. mental strength and to have a strong mind to say no to drugs and also to avoid sexual intercourse.
Deibor Miter Kyndiah, an employee of the Transport Department, has been arrested by the police on charges of demanding T.5,000 as installment before completing the T.10,000 he demanded from A. Arya who applied for a permit from the Department of Transport.
Chyne said he did not know what happened to the two children, although he said he only knew that they were 8 and 11 years old.
The Khasi leader, Bah H Kerios Wahlang passed away at 3 pm on 11th July, 2020 at his home in Mawngap.
Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, to congratulate him on the passage of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS). Khasi language, in the House, which was held yesterday.
“To get justice, and an independent investigation to punish the culprits involved, I request that it should be handed over to the CBI so that honest working people can get courage otherwise, there will be a threat to “Those who do the right thing should be accused of killing themselves by the work of thieves,” said the mother of Bah Marbaniang earlier.
This is an important meeting to strengthen this work.
From Lawse you can see the town of Nongstoin and many villages around the West and South West Khasi Hills.
We have worked hard to improve the working conditions in schools.
ai, Inc.
The driver of the Bolero fled the scene after the incident. They were taken to CHC Sohra.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 62473 out of which 56101 have recovered and 1040 have died.
When the vehicle owners asked for the fee from the Transport Department, the answer they received was that the NEC has not released the fee.
This was published in the book – 'Kaba Phitip' – which was entitled – 'On the earth there is a house for Mother'
Where do you want me?2
So both of them began to think about the sgitni and the tungtap.
Please contribute as much as you can.
In the second leg of the tournament, Umroi Military Station defeated Assam Rifles in a thrilling match.
They put them in juti, in airbags, in the roof of the car, in the patlun and when there is a place to hide, they drive them until they reach these slaves in Shillong.
in the Ri.
However, the Nagas, Manipurs and Mizos did not allow the French to invade Assam, and the King of Tripura in those years was powerful and was not allowed to invade Assam.
Ephesians 5:26.
Shillong: The Rongbiria Seng Anniversary Celebration of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, on Wednesday was attended by Rangbiria from all over the country.
Shillong, Nailar 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today announced that the government will implement the housing scheme for the poor and low income residents of the state.
Even if they speak or give the right advice, they will be laughed at.
Conrad K Sangma said that besides those who are admitted to the hospital, the doctors and nurses have also been examined, but they have been found to be in good health while three other reports have not been examined. part one.
“As the village, we urge other residents that when there is any dispute, we should not do it in this way.
“According to the RTI, it is clear that the money has already been released for the year 2018 to 2022,” he added.
He said the central government has allocated funds ranging from T.7 lakh to T.20 lakh depending on the size of the villages to build a waste treatment plant.
After his rule and judgment, he will hand over that power to God the Father in Heaven.
The FKJGP leader said that the Prime Minister also expressed his surprise to learn that the water supply is not safe to eat and drink.
After the shooting, the robber fled with the money he had stolen from the body of Bah Rishan.
AIFF General Shaji Prabhakaran said the country has always forgotten that PK is also a teacher who has always been successful in his service.
...We have the right to choose the way of life we ​​want...the rule of the Foreign Government will soon end and thus all the Khasi Hima, large and small, which have now been merged into the Federation of Khasi States, must be given the right to decide the future of local governance.
Nongpoh: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday met with Prof JK Chauhan, Dean, Dean, College of Agriculture Science (CAU) ICAR Uniam, on Tuesday. The arrest of five Khasi youths, who work as security guards at the site, has brought sad news and that is that Prof JK Chauhan, has replied by saying that he has been arrested. He said that these five persons have violated the rules of law because of their drinking of alcohol in the area.
Mairang, Naiwieng 10: The Eastern West Khasi Hills District today celebrated its 10th Anniversary at a function held at Madan Mot Tirot, Mairang Mission, Mairang. Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej who was the chief guest.
The Regional Cancer Center has 252 beds and provides comprehensive cancer treatment to patients from all over the region.
“Therefore, we from the party have gone to meet because we want to clarify because if they intend to dig it will affect the peace and order especially to our Sengbhalang who used to stand with us the party and also from the party. “We have already expressed our opposition,” said Bah Pangniang.
Even in the ancient Khasi constitution, the Syiem or the Ministers were elected freely without any conflict as it is now.
Marngar said that the DC has said that he will inform the government in writing and from now on all vehicles carrying goods and passing through the National Highway and PWD roads, are not If anyone is still collecting taxes, the drivers should inform the DC so that he can take the necessary action.
Shillong: The EM Incharge of the Market Department, Grace Mary Kharpuri, today said that the department is preparing to find a suitable site for the construction of a new cow market.
Meghalaya played well in the match.
Two days were allocated for private members' business such as bills, motions, resolutions and two days for state government business such as supplementary demands for grants and others.
During the programme, there was a competition for the exhibition of various agricultural products along with training and consultation on profitable farming methods for the marketing of agricultural products.
Batskhem from Umtham, who was trained by Ian Vincent, has been a slave, but he has a desire to achieve his dreams in the sports.
In the first quarter final between Wahiajer NYSSC and Chiehruphi SYWSC, Wahiajer NYSSC drew 2-2 goals at the end of the first half.
Meghalaya is the only country in the world.
Dr. Aman War, candidate for the 2023 MLA election from the UDP party from 17 North Shillong Constituency, who is also the assistant of the Youth Wing, was also present on the occasion. , UDP 17 North Shillong, officials, office bearers of the Youth Wing and captains of the 15 teams participating.
“Let us turn to our own constituencies, what the people need, rather than criticizing elsewhere, I think we need to work first,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Shillong: The Polo Ground (5th Ground) has been covered with snow in the cold weather due to the sound of music and songs organized by the Congress party where AICC President Rahul Gandhi has also come to deliver a speech. .
This is part of the peace process.
Umsning MLA Celestine Lyngdoh also suggested to provide drinking water to these centres while Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui urged for cooperation between the Social Welfare and Health Departments. and the Ministry of Education for the benefit of children.
Later, the Union Minister took part in a meeting to review the works related to various schemes of the Union Government such as Jal Jeevan Mission, Prime Minister Agriculture Sinchayee Yojana-Har Kher Ko Pani, Springshed Development Project for Rejuvenation of Springs for Climate Resilient Development in Meghalaya and others.
Riia took Bahnah into the house and there they sat down alone.
According to a letter, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, has demanded the improvement of the National Highway-6 (NH-6) which has been destroyed and caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
“When we implement the NEP 2020, there will be new courses that will have to be introduced in all the educational institutions of the country and there will also be a huge investment for infrastructure, teachers and many others. part that you have to see.
He said that there have also been discussions to build a high fence around the area so that it cannot be seen from outside and to prevent the entry of people.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh has completed his MA English from NEHU, has trained in Law and is one of the best thinkers and writers in our state.
He expressed his gratitude and congratulated Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh for his concern for the farmers in the state.
“We are now ready to deliver the vaccination campaign to every household.
The Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jowai has decided to boycott the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District Administration. that kind of work on the day of Ar.
On 23rd October 2020 and 26th October 2020, only 25% of commercial taxis and auto rickshaws were allowed to operate in the state.
Sunesh Syiem, General Secretary, MFA was the chief guest.
Dr. Blessing Roy Suchiang, Mentor, Standards Clubs, Kiang Nangbah Government College, welcomed all the participants and congratulated the students who took part in the programme. this day.
According to a statement issued by the General Secretary of the NPP, Heimon Lamare, former MDC Moya Darnei came to join the meeting. Santa Mary Shylla, who will contest the upcoming election, has been asked to support Santa Mary Shylla.
The SSA Ticket Counter.
“By doing these things, there is a fear that good teaching will no longer enter and there will be a lot of evil deeds that will stir up from home to abroad.
“Human wants are unlimited” has been spread like a little devil in the ears.
The JYF as a sign of respect to this former leader who has worked for the good of the party and the community has honored him on his victory in the MDC election.
The PHC has 9 beds and 5 oxygen cylinders.
However, only 15 state residents and 187 males from the northern states have been selected for the post. According to the results of the NORCET-5 to oversee and conduct only the recruitment examinations at AIMS Delhi, and to fill the posts of nurses at all 19 AIIMS in India.
On the same issue, the EJNC-Central Council on 7th March has sent a letter to Prof. RC Laloo Minister of PHE to request for his time to meet with the members of the EJNC-Central Council. The petition was submitted to the Minister.
After the meeting, the Village Leaders and Sengbhalang Leaders turned to the revenue collection gate, in the presence of Magistrates from West Jaintia Hills District, Police Chiefs and the DC of West. Karbi Anglong District and Police Chiefs.
They had to spend time going to tuition and didn't have to work hard.
About 1550 hectares of rice fields have been affected by the floods.
PFR Football Academy continued their second win in the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 after beating Mawshbuit SC 2-0 on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
The last day of nomination of candidates will be on 10th June and the polling will be on 27th June while the counting of votes will be on 2nd October.
This attack on the people from time to time has angered the Assam police because they have not responded to the talks held from time to time to respect each other while the border has not been resolved. share.
The CEM said that all the Acts in KHADC have been enacted under the authority of Para 3 1(g) of the 6th Schedule and have been enacted in accordance with the amendments of the 6th Schedule.
The vehicle of Bah Wahlang was damaged in the attempt.
“The reason why the HNLC has done this is to retaliate against the police for killing HNLC members. The HNLC said that Tiewlong was arrested and burnt alive by the police and Hepkhoit and other members of the HNLC. The HNLC also tortured them severely to the police before killing them,” said Nongtraw.
It also shows that Delhi does not respect or trust them.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairperson of the Committee urged that a fair and speedy trial should be given especially in relation to POCSO cases. they shall ensure that all the needs of the refugees are met.
“Bah Paul Lyngdoh came in 2009, I have already told you, two or three leaders have died, the people will pay the price,” he added.
The company also posted a picture of the prime minister on its website and claimed to have many offices around the country.
On this occasion, the EC members held a moment of silence at the scene of the shooting death of the residents of Mukroh.
It is understood that these youths were misled by the call of ISIS militants, he said.
Gandhi has strongly criticized the BJP for causing great trouble to the people of the state in these days.
The Prime Minister is also aware of this and a decision will be taken soon,” she said.
However, it is true that even so, India has 500 million illiterate people and these people have not had the rights and opportunities to learn, read and write.
Hek said that once the full report is received, the department will take strict action if it is found to be a tort.
He said the state government has held meetings with the district councils in the state, and the central government has also held meetings last year three times but this work is still pending because the Parliamentary Standing Committee of the Rajya Sabha has not yet decided. get a new chairman.
He said that Krangsuri is a completed project and the government will soon complete the construction of the remaining two projects.
If you turn to KHAII KA PATENG, you will see that Mynder has been destroyed for ten days.
In the Police Department, the IPS are not Khasi and in the Forest Department, there are few Khasi IFS.
The incident happened at 6 pm at Bolmoram Agalgre village under Songsak police station in East Garo Hills, about 40 km from William Nagar.
And we demand that this person should explain his baseless allegation, otherwise the party will take strong action.
The damage to property has amounted to tens of lakhs of rupees.
In addition, because it covers the soil well, it makes it more fertile when it is harvested.
“I will fight for the issue of farmers and soldiers when they need it,” he added and I will also write a letter on the border areas of J&K.Shillong, July 26 : Paid patients will face problems due to The Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MMSA) has decided to strike for 24 hours from 9 am on the 28th of this month due to the government's failure to punish the management of the IIPH. DHS (MI) Dr Aman War has made unfounded accusations in the media.
By conducting such meetings, it will help school children and residents how to avoid the use of plastic and what are the blessings and benefits if you decide to stop using plastic.
Through Angela's 10-month protest in front of the Secretariat, the government has had to review the list of employees who have applied through the Labor Department.
Khliehriat: The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (KNC) has renewed its office bearers at its General Meeting held on 14th June, 2020 at Wika Complex, Khliehriat.
At the same time, he urged the government to prioritize the safety of the police.
He said that this Act will not conflict with the laws of the Himas, but will apply to all the Himas under the KHADC. When asked whether there will be any conflict with the Village Administration Bill, Bah Pynïaid said. He said that the VAB will not be discussed anymore because the Government of India has sought clarification on 15 issues in this Act.
If you have any complaint about the lack of distribution of ration.
It is a problem for the government and also for the people, even in the midst of this problem the state government should find ways for the farmers how to sell their produce due to the closure of the dam. The market in Iewduh has put the farmers in great trouble.
If the government really understands to plan well and create adequate opportunities for agriculture and horticulture in our state, our state will surely be the leading state in the country. the whole of India.
The move is a game to teachers, he said.
There will also be many entertainment activities such as football, drawing competition, painting competition for school children and there will also be a wrestling match for those under 60 years old.
After a day Tangmar and Tongsoh returned to the village.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the signs of infection in Shillong have started. In 11 parts of Shillong, 96 people have been confirmed with Covid-1
Revelation 7:16 says, “They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them;
Alexia this time managed to beat the England bowler; European Championship winner Beth Mead and USA player Alex Morgan have won more FIFA trophies in addition to the Ballon d'Or. .
Rikman will be sworn in as the full president of the BJP in Meghalaya at a welcome ceremony to be held at the BJP headquarters in Shillong at 1.30 pm.
“If the railway line comes, it will open up more opportunities for other high paid ethnic groups from northern India to enter and leave, live and earn and work as they please inside the country. District which will further affect the employment of the villagers especially those who own trucks and all those who live on trucks.
Thus, as in the game, it can be said that the team won by three points LOI – 3 –
While there are still many poor people, the money will always be needed in the various elections to be held in the state.
The program was conducted by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) and explained about WASH by Corrine Slong of NESFAS. Loans taken by the public, private sector or members of SHGs for the purpose of building toilets, social buildings, drinking water cannot be classified as Priority Sector and NABARD also provides financial assistance. the banks that help the people.
At the end of the competition, prizes were awarded to all the winners from the marathon, football and talent show.
In the complaint, they alleged that according to the investigation, Bah Sanbor Shullai as a public servant (MLA) has appointed his daughter Evangeline Rabon as Reviser and Vanessa. Rabon as the PA of the Deputy Speaker in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat.
“I am proud that I will start in my area before I go to other places.
T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District in his speech said that the district has many beautiful tourist attractions which can attract tourists to visit the district. He added that the main purpose of this meeting is to bring together all the owners of Tourist Spots and those who have started homestays for the purpose of tourism. ideas on how to improve and develop this tourism industry in this area.
However, it is gratifying that in the past few months, the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat has visited the ground despite the fierce clashes with the Bangladesh security forces.
Because they are the only Job Card workers who do not receive their salary during the day, they have refused to work and this has delayed the work,” he said.
Assam will also be angry, suspicious and strongly opposed if Meghalaya sends Meghalaya police to guard the same border.
Shylla concluded his speech by urging all to participate in this great day of the Diocese of Jowai and since we have tens of thousands of participants, let us take it through this great day. of the Diocese, which is also the day of honor of each and every believer in the Diocese, let us take the fruit of this day of honor of the Diocese to create opportunities. in order to curb the spread of drug abuse in Jaintia Hills and other evils which degrade the human dignity of the people in front of the world.
It is true that time is precious.
Hey! Remember that if you release them alone, the young men will die in the old age.
However, as soon as the second half started, Rohlupuia shot the ball past Rajat Paul Lyngdoh's goalkeeper before it went into the net.
Nongpoh: Several people from Assam, who live on the border with Meghalaya at Baridua, yesterday, tried to inject themselves at a place where people from Meghalaya have tried to inject themselves. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has set aside 100,000 people from Meghalaya to inject people who are directly from Meghalaya.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 72656 out of which 67999 have recovered and 1252 have died.
The first goal came after the goalkeeper of Rymbai struck the ball and the ball went to fall into the foot of the player of Niaw Wasa United who took the ball near the goal. Rymbai's Owanijuh Pajuh scored the first goal of the match for Sandeep Siangshai.
At present, the Opposition has three MLAs from the Congress, three from the Trinamool Congress and four from the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
“In the MLA election in 2018, we lost only a little, but the victory in 2019 has encouraged my supporters to contest again in the MLA election in 2023,” said Bah Martle. the media.
During the inspection, the union found many shortcomings, the school building has been destroyed, the tins have been burnt, the benches are still in short supply. In 1978, there was no room or office for teachers.
“I have already talked to Bah Pynshngain that I don't want to contest the ticket and if you give me a ticket I will enter and I have received 100 percent assurance to get a ticket,” said Bah Teibor Pathaw. the leaders will turn away.
Monfort scored the first goal for Sengchame Ch Momin (60+1).
I feel that towns should have taken this seriously.
There are also other measures and that is why we have introduced the MRRSA and other measures.
He allegedly drove the car so fast he lost control.
Sheffield United have signed the 21-year-old from Aston Villa on a four-year deal.
Shillong: Politicians in Meghalaya are only talking in the streets while others go to the border when there is any incident of violence against their fellow citizens.
“The CSWO demands that the government should not waste time to pay compensation to the families affected by this incident and should release it immediately and the assistance should not be limited because the “It's an unimaginable incident that has caused the loss of up to 7 lives,” said Kong Agnes.
This tournament will be held exclusively for the Khasi people of this state.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the HYC, Bah Peter J Lawai.
Ardent was speaking at a public meeting of the party at Umlyngka village in Mylliem Constituency this evening.
“We have sent vehicles away from the border road.
Why can't the same be done at the State level? Soon, the Roster System will be needed in every District.
Heavy rains in the past few days have caused the Bagmati River in Kathmandu to overflow and cause flooding in neighboring villages. About 4 million people live in the country.
“If the CBI investigates the incident, three or four years is not enough for them to complete.
Vin Diesel, 52, was injured when he fell from a height of 30 feet while filming Fast & Furious 9, which was due to be released next year.
Through these enrollment drives, the part-time enrollment of children aged 14 years and above has started to decline significantly.
To prevent the spread of garbage by tourists in the river, the Bio Diversity Management Committee, Kynton Massar has also erected a silver bar on the bridge connecting Mawkynroh and Kynton Massar.
“Therefore, the Dorbar of Nongjngi Elaka has decided to ban the traffic from Pnar to Karbi villages until the dispute between the Khanduli and Karbi villages is resolved,” said the Dolloi. Nongjngi District.
However, what has happened in Meghalaya is that the SSA scheme has been implemented in private schools, church or religious schools and there are also some SSA schools set up by the Government.
“Corruption is an issue that needs to be eradicated from the country,” he said, adding that in fact, corruption is a very serious issue in the party and the party has decided to eradicate it. I'm sorry,” said Mukul.
Hoi – Thus, 'Ka Shad-Suk-Mynsiem' has appeared, appeared, as a Shad Thanksgiving to God and has stamped its stamp on our Jaitbynriew and its values. The Khasi human rights, the honor and good manners, to escape from the tyndep-ka tyndai and to promote the unity of the Paid Khasi Baïar, in the voices of the Hynniewtrep Ksing.
Speaking on the occasion, Counselor Wahlang said that if we have BJP leaders from this state, it will be difficult for the BJP government in Delhi. I will throw away my suffering because I am in trouble.
The wrath of God is now upon the whole earth.
He said the government is still considering the matter.
The HNLC has alleged that the arrest of Agnes Kharshiing is just a political ploy by the Congress leaders to cleanse everyone. their own corrupt practices.
Similarly, the French have destroyed the customs and traditions of the Sohra Hima and other Khasi Himas.
He said he doesn't know why they have to go to school at night or come from a poor family or work in the morning, go to school at night again, but their unwavering spirit to seek education doesn't give up. he said.
Shillong, Naitung 1: Seven pilgrims to Kedarnath in Uttarakhand from Shillong have not been traced and it is highly suspected that they died in a natural disaster. in this state of the country.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has resumed the Third Division-Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy after being temporarily suspended due to the Subroto Cup. Nangbah Stadium on the second day.
The Nongpoh MLA expressed his regret that such incidents are happening more often especially on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
“I am pleased that Kong Roshan has decided to withdraw her resignation letter,” Dr Sangma told reporters.
In the last quarter final of the 1st Division, New Nongstoin won and reached the semi final of the tournament after beating Nongstoiñ 1-0 FT in the opposing game that day.
His glorious entry into Israel was to make a treaty of peace with Israel with the intention of deceiving and destroying Israel.
"“They have stirred up terrorist groups, formed armed groups and allowed armed groups to commit terrorist acts by killing people and used them to incite the Kukis against the Fireflies and the Fireflies against the Cookies," she said.
The purpose of the construction of this toilet is to maintain cleanliness and to prevent the spread of the disease and is also part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of WJDSA. Minister Passah.
The purpose of the RBBA to hold such a tournament is to bring together and showcase the talents of the youth in Badminton and to give the opportunity especially to the youth who are just starting to develop in the field. This type of sports has also started to appear in the state.
JAC leaders led by Bah BB Makdoh Chairman, Ferdinand Kharkamni Secretary and President KSU North Khasi Hills District, Bah Lui Lyngdoh President FKJGP, Bah Marcus Marten President Bah PB Sylliang and others. that riew old.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Tuesday arrested eight foreigners suspected of smuggling into Tongseng village.
Meanwhile, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, said that the situation in the area is tense.
It takes up to 3 or 4 months to get paid.
At the same time, the Waheh Chnongs of Ïooksi Saphai, after the Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jaintia Hills, demanded a 20% allocation for Jaintias from the State Job Reservation Policy.
Delhi, Naiwieng, 19: In an unprecedented information and delivery, the Vikasit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, the largest initiative of the Government of India, has taken the lead in reaching the most vulnerable areas. arrive in the country to provide information on the welfare schemes of the Government of India and the implementation of 100% of the Government's key programmes.
In the women's under-17 category, Monfort Dilne Bolchugre won the title after defeating Rongkhon Secondary School.
The match on 23-03-2021 will be between Umshangiar vs Ummulong at 9:00 pm and 4-Mowkaïaw United vs Moodymmai at 4.00 pm.
Shillong: “After the visit of Himanta Biswa Sarma to the Meghalaya Secretariat for the issue of border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya, it was seen that everyone was surprised to see the settlement. It borders Meghalaya and Assam.
The program was held at the C&RD Block Hall, Bhoirymbong.
The opposition parties including the Tipra Motha Party (TMP), Congress and Trinamool Congress have demanded that the BJP government should conduct another inquiry into the killing of the police chief and punish him. hard on the drug lords who were accused of killing him.
It has been seen and heard that in every village especially in the rural areas there is a movement to make their villages those villages which have all the places to go outside.
“In the debate, both sides will have their own views and will always emphasize their own views.
Mukul's mother, who died, was a Muslim, and her voter registration form in 1983 showed that name, in which she gave the name of her husband. In 2004, she gave her mother's name to Roshanara Sangma.
The elders and young men were shot dead or beaten with sharp knives; young women and mothers were raped and shot dead immediately, and even children were mercilessly killed with the intention of extermination; the houses were burned with fire.
K Lalfakzuala scored the first goal of the match from a free-kick.
Besides, the existing CHC still needs more staff besides doctors, GNMs, ANMLT chowkidars and others and to provide x-ray machines, ambulances and mortuary vehicles.
This story is about Pyrnai village in Raid Mawja near Pynursla, where there is a different story.
Tirot Singh and the Rangbah Khasi were angry because the French had raped, assaulted, raped, raped the women and children of the kingdom and the whole nation until they did not dare to leave. the ing.
Shillong: U Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, together with Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Greater Water Supply Scheme in Sohra. Sohra Water Supply Scheme" in the presence of G Kishan Reddy, Minister, DoNER, BL Verma, Minister of Children, Jitendra Singh, Minister of Children, Science and Technology and Renikton Lyngdoh, Minister of PHE. The scheme was funded by the Ministry of DoNER in 2019 at a cost of T.24.08 crore.
In addition it will also be a powerful tool because people know they are being watched.
Natung, who has also led the athletes to various tournaments, including the Northeast Olympic Games and the Khelo India Youth Games, expressed his gratitude to the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) for holding the 5th Junior Boys National Championships in the state.
As a group, the group has the vision and goal to serve and develop our fellow citizens in many areas especially in the field of agriculture and fish transportation according to modern science. Samla Aristone Manbha Ryndong Sngi said that the Association has always known and witnessed that the Bri u Hynniewtrep is suitable for this purpose. “The question now is whether we are poor, this question as a nation needs to be understood,” he added.
He said that the police do not arrest those who violate the law.
Although NEHU has said that the implementation of the NEP is for the benefit of the students, the MCTA has expressed concern over the urgency.
The road, which was built for the passage of vehicles carrying the coffin, was inaugurated by the MLA on the morning of the 22nd in the presence of leaders of various churches.
Dr. Kjam said the Government has a target to eradicate Foot & Mouth Disease by the end of
The Meghalaya government has not given permission to hold the NECCC meeting which was scheduled to be held at USTM and has been held at the Queens Hotel in Joarabat.
However, the company has not done anything yet despite the fact that their term has come to an end.
Although there is still a shortage of cold storage and not enough land, it would be good if the government starts (in 2021) to turn to agricultural products as a source of income.
Let us also be wise in every way we walk and let us also respect and preserve our culture and language.
When asked whether it is true that he has lost hope that he will not get a ticket or whether all his votes in the last elections from Nongstoin will go to the Congress party, he said, “I don't know. “I don't think it will be right, but I will support the candidate,” he replied.
The case is still pending in the District Court in Jowai.
During the raid at the SDE’s residence, illegal material was recovered as well as the locker key from him, the statement further stated.
We see more and more that it was God who sent Satan to tempt Jesus.
“As the organization, we invite the youth from various schools and colleges to come and take part in the march and it is an encouragement that thousands of people have come to take part in this march. “It's a good idea to have a public meeting today,” he said.
The suspect was identified as Raphel Lynrahbad of Nongrim Hills, Shillong.
He said that in his work as the leader of the Unit, the leaders of the Sengkmie used to write letters to send to the officers or government departments if necessary and he was not surprised that the leaders of the Central Body did not but the cooperation will bring glory to the party until he takes over as leader.
In the final match, Mulang Ialong beat Lumpariat 1-0
He said that the use of drugs affects the body, mind, society and income.
Now I live in Assam.
The Vice-Chancellor of the University, Prof. PS Shukla was the chief guest.
The union has also received information that there have been complaints against Bah AGW Kharkongor and the Ministry of Power with the intention of disrupting the appointment of w.
The reason for composing this song is at the request of the brothers and sisters and members of the All Lyngngam Organization (ALO).
"So Bah Shanbor began to tell all that he knew and heard.
Shillong, March 17: The KSU Maw Kajem Area Unit from time to time has been raiding and arresting vehicles parked on the Shillong-Pynur sla road. On the 11th March 2014 at about 5.30 pm, a Khasi girl resident of Laban Last Stop and a Khyllah jait were arrested for fighting near this road.
“I would like to clarify that this Act will not affect the Non Tribals who are the full citizens of Meghalaya,” he said.
Marwein said the minister had also said that in fact the amendment to the Meghalaya Forest Amendment Act, 2012 was done in consultation with the two district councils.
“Now to say anything about the feelings of others is like I don't have any responsibility especially that the BJP party is a party in synrop with the MDA government and we have already made it clear that if there is anything “They should take their dissatisfaction to the right place so that the state government can resolve the issues,” he said.
On the re-meeting of the Regional Committees, Dhar said the Regional Committees of the two states have not yet been able to meet as they are busy with the Lok Sabha elections.
Meanwhile, in another report, it was reported that the watermen who fell into the coal mine have fallen out of the crematorium and it is believed that it may be the bodies of those who were trapped inside the coal mine.
He said the state government is determined to develop the sportsmen of the state.
Through these laws, the rights of the residents who live and earn their living from agriculture and livestock have been violated.
“It's a shame that it's been translated into Khasi and sometimes it's heard as a Khasi language,” said Santa's daughter.
Earlier, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the media brings good and bad.
When asked whether the PDF, which has only 14 members, will close its doors and sit on the opposition side or will continue to call for the army. Pynshngain said that the PDF is in the opposition and will do its job as the opposition. with other changes it will see what demand it needs to make.
This land has been accepted by the Government since last year.
On the same day, an awareness campaign on the dangers of drug abuse was also conducted.
Let us come to work hard with the intention of strengthening ourselves in all aspects.
Australia on Thursday said it would end the operation of its satellites at this time in order to improve the equipment. the country's book declined sharply.
The 34th East Zone Athletics Championship (MAA) will be held in Kolkata from 17th to 19th of this month. .
Regarding Sindhu's defeat at the beginning of her match, the report said that although she played well from the start, she could not do anything from her skills. Akane Yamaguchi of Japan won 21-18 19-21 17-2
In their speeches, the elders including CEM Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem expressed their concern over the pollution of the environment and the surrounding area and this is a problem that every village is facing and has to take measures. how to prevent the spread of garbage in market places like Smit which is one of the largest markets in Khasi Hills.
Pakistan's Home Minister Rana Sanaullah also strongly condemned the attack by armed groups who did not disclose their responsibility for the incident which claimed the lives of several people. how many people.
Thus, 25 Khasi States became independent as Sovereign States on 15th August
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Working President of the PDF said that they will give good news in the coming days.
JOWAI : The Dorbar Shnong Loompyrdi, Jowai has awarded the prizes of the Lucky Draw 2019 to all the winners on the 4th of this month at Madan Mynkoi Pyrdi, Jowai.
Women should think carefully about the future of their children.
The Director of NEIGR HIMS, Dr AG Ahan, today appeared before the High Court.
He is the Speaker of the House, former Prime Minister and President of the United Democratic Party.
Ri Bhoi won the bronze medal in the Women's Team Event by beating South Garo Hills District.
The following chapters, chapters 1 through 6, deal with the Babylonian captivity and the fall of the Babylonian Empire.
It is expected that these people have committed suicide.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday announced that the 18th of November will be a public holiday as it is the Unitarian Anniversary Day. Government and Magisterial Courts will be closed on that day.
The collapse of the house occurred after heavy rainfall which hit the area continuously and happened at midnight when all the residents of the house were sleeping.
Shillong, November 2: U Synnamon Mawrie, 33, of Bales Khylait, Shillong, has been shot dead by Bales Khylait.
Bah AL Hek said that Meghalaya needs peace and stability and for this reason he is ready to lead any party to come to the peace talks table with the government.
As God created darkness first, then light, so he first created Lilith, the mother of demons and disease; and afterward Eve, the mother of mankind.
Nongstoin, Naitung 2: The protest against Assam's plan to build a 2 MW dam at Wah Khri at a cost of Rs 13 crore has intensified today. Hills KSU and FKJGP Rambrai Circle also participated in the rally held at Rambrai Market.
The public hearing was conducted by the EE of Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Bah S.Syiem. J. Shylla, MCS and EAC, R. Brahma, along with leaders of political parties.
that he may rule over the people...with righteousness, and judge the poor with righteousness...Let the king judge the poor with righteousness; (Psalm 72:1-4) Some Bible teachings and principles related to society, government, and work (i) Health- Jesus preached about universal health care for the whole community.
“The election to elect MPs to advocate for the people is not an election like that, it is something we have to think carefully about.
These ventilators have not been used for many months at the Covid Hospital.
(16 Point Program for Meghalaya, Dated 6 July 1973) During his tenure as Deputy Speaker of India and during one of the Christmas seasons, he published a newspaper entitled , “What Does the Christian Faith Mean to Me", and there he said, “Thus during the Christmas and New Year season it is important to share and share our thoughts on this most fundamental and important topic” .
Through these programmes, we aim to connect community groups in rural areas by providing digital training and services, with the empowerment to stand on their own feet and improve their income”.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Mawthabah, South West Khasi Hills, Bah Allard H Diengdoh, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 25th of this month, about 60 people went to the AMD headquarters in Mawthabah. They burnt down a Bolero Camper and a Drilling Machine Truck.
It is also the time when those who have a job or a job should not be at work.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul asked Kohli whether Nalin has visited Meghalaya in the past three years, whether he has visited the rural areas.
At the same time, M/s Intr Ads, New Delhi also supported the International Salon of Agrifood (SIAL).
It is to be recalled that Bah Ardent has started his strike in front of the Secretariat at 10 pm on 23rd June
The committee will be headed by Edystone Shylla as Chairman, Ambrose Gatphoh and Latu Nartiang as Secretary and Assistant Secretary.
Our Khasi Jaidbynriew has declined steadily in terms of manners, walking and dress.
Like the Crowbrough Hotel at Khyndailad, which has been laid the foundation stone since 1986, which has been standing and has become a source of pride for Shillong, it is in this government that it has been worked and completed. The implementation of these projects is one of the parts that this government has done.
The Khasi Market vendors who have just moved to the Bhoi parking lot have been facing severe problems due to the heavy rainfall.
Shillong, November 22: The Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers' Association (MGLPSCTA) has condemned the corruption of the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as the Prime Minister. Contract teachers in Dadenggre Constituency led by James PK Sangma have not only been able to continue in the teaching profession but have increased in number.
O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! How unsearchable are his judgments, and his paths past tracing out! Who hath known the mind of the Lord? Who has been with you? or who hath first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again? For from him and to him are all things.
Awena Blah, mother of Ma FW Blah, resident of Chutwakhu, Jowai, passed away on 2/3/2
The march started from Shi-Kilo and reached the ground floor of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills.
Hek said there have been talks that HM Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram Constituency and Mohendro Rapsang MLA Mawprem Constituency could join the BJP. “I have had talks with myself that HM Shangpliang and M. Rapsang want to join the BJP, but it has not been confirmed yet because it is still a talk,” he said.
Teiborlang Malang scored in the 48th minute and Medondor Pala in the 59th minute.
The struggle we are fighting now as a nation is a struggle of ideas.
Therefore, to protect it, you can dig a hole all around the nursery.
After a while, two HSPDP MLAs from Mawthadraishan and Mawshynrut sent a letter of support to Conrad, the leader of the NPP group which has 26 MLAs. One MLA from Rambrai-Jyrngam and one from Baghmara, sent a letter to Conrad.
Others who attended the meeting included the President and Vice President of the Union of Kur Rangbah Herman Nongrum, RL Kharpran and the Rangbah Shnong of Sohryngkham, Bah Dkhar.
The Kur is very strong and has not been affected by the invasion of the French or the Dkhars and this Union of Rangbah Kur has the authority to warn the government that it should not pass any laws that are dangerous. said Mr. Shylla.
He said that only 12 days after the announcement of the price of rice, the price of rice has increased from 40 tyngka per kilo to 60 tyngka and this has been a sign of happiness for the farmers.
Dr. Amelia Nongbet, Senior Expert of USTM, explained why the University has been selected as the Key Resource Centers and USTM is now working with the PHE Department for the purpose of providing training. on the objectives of the Jal Jeevan Mission and also to implement this scheme for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya.
To avoid confusion and misunderstanding, in fact, the State Government, besides opposing the Citizenship Act, should accept the National Registration of Citizens (NRC). If it goes like this, there will be no acceptance and no acceptance and through this Act, who knows, the Inner Line Permit (ilp) Act will also be able to work. This is because the BJP government, openly or clearly, has its own goal in passing these two laws in the country as a whole.
The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPU) strongly condemns the violation of the rights of these people, not only by the government but also by Professor RC Laloo.
Iranian authorities on Sunday said they had arrested 28 suspects involved in attacks by the Islamic State (IS) militant group after discovering their plans to kill bringing violence into Iran.
To create jobs and it is the duty of the State Government to support entrepreneurs and to support equally to all without discrimination.
Shillong: The Coalition Committee on International Border (CCIB) in Dawki, West Jaintia Hills District, today denied a recent report in a newspaper that the farmers accept the border. signs on the border.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad was the first to oppose the CAB introduced by the BJP government until it lost its opposition in the Rajya Sabha.
Only those of the noble tribes are eligible to hold these positions and have the right to elect these positions.
“Incidents such as beatings, evictions, and what is more sad is that the government authorities have not registered any case against these attackers,” said Rev.Dr Kharkongor.
He said that after a month of hard work by the government, officers and the health department, the number of beds with oxygen has been increased from 350 to 750 oxygen beds so far and it is expected that in two months the government will increase the number of oxygen beds to 1000 beds.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Jayson Lennox Nongrum President of the RBPC said that the RBPC has held a table of discussion and has met with the Chairman and Member Secretary of the District Selection Committee of Ri-Bhoi District. However, it seems that the meeting has not come to fruition and the government has remained silent.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Former MLA of Nongshken Constituency, Bah Donkupar Massar, who is also preparing to contest as an independent candidate from Pynursla Constituency, on Thursday said that his contest as an independent candidate is After the talks with him, the UDP did not succeed because at the same time the UDP at that time had talks with Bah Prestone to contest from the UDP. speaking to the media after filing as an independent candidate.
The MMRC's plan to cut down 2,646 trees started on Tuesday night after the Bombay High Court ordered the cutting down of 2,646 trees. reject the request to suspend.
The vessel was seized by a helicopter and the drugs and persons on board were handed over to the police for further investigation.
But the world has already declared that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel.
The suspension of these three officers of the Meghalaya Lokayukta without issuing show cause notice or requesting a reply from them is a violation of Article 311(2) of the Constitution which clearly states that the suspension cannot be suspended. shall not appoint or promote any public servant without investigating the allegations against him or without giving him an opportunity to answer or explain the allegations against him.
If we want to preserve the dignity of our Khasi nation as a nation with dignity, knowledge of manners, knowledge of culture and knowledge of man and knowledge of God, let us surprise people so that we will not be blamed in the future.
He said that the fact that there is no illegal trade in coal will affect all the people especially those who live along the road where coal trucks pass.
“They want to go to the greener fields to relieve their hunger but I know the people have rejected such behaviour,” he said.
The Chief Minister's State Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 was organized by the Sports Department of the State Government on Thursday at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) Training Centre, Shillong.
“Religion makes you feel, like you're always sinful, because in Catholicism, that's how it is".
Shillong, November 16: The Inner Line Permit (ILP) protesters on Tuesday decided to suspend their protest until the New Year. Christmas and New Year.
Shillong, Nailar, 25: U Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday sought the support of the Government of India to provide assistance to the farmers of the State.
“On the 15th of this month, we received a bad news from some people who took advantage, who spread on Whatsapp that there is a syiar disease” , he said.
About 73 households belong to the Catholic Church and only about 10 households belong to the Presbyterian Church.
“There are many people who come from far away places of Garo Hills to Shillong for their needs and it should not be a problem for them, but through this office, people from Garo Hills “They will submit many of their proposals,” said Sangma, while visiting the office for the first time.
Meanwhile, Rida was crying alone.
One person can buy up to 5 kilos of piat and the sale time will be between 10 am and 5 pm.
The areas with the heaviest rainfall will be in parts of East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and South Garo Hills districts.
“It's a shisha,” he said.
Jayshree Singh of Shillong Cricket Association scored 105 not out, which was a great support for the team to beat West Jaintia Hills DCA by 149 runs in the first innings. South Garo Hills-DCA beat North Garo Hills DCA by 8 wickets in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier in the first leg of the tournament. Salpara is located in Zone
“Many of the contractors working on the construction of the meat processing plant have left the state due to the protests and this has disrupted the construction of the project,” said Deborah.
Leaders of other political parties, including Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, Samla Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, were also present. , former KSU leaders in Ri Bhoi, including Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Bah Donkupar Sumer and many others.
These three units have clearly stated that they condemn the violence, but on the other hand, they have expressed their cooperation with any organization, which is fighting for the cause of the jaitbynriew especially now that it is fighting for the rights of the people. We have the right to participate and no one can restrict our rights, because we too are members of the nation and we have a great role to play in the protests. establish.
Before the procession, the Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka, Hepsing Dhar, Pator, Lyngdoh of the Elaka and others performed a mastieh dance until the procession was taken to Wah Myntang under the leadership of Pandit Oni Maskut. Deshmukh and other religious leaders except women.
He said that when the government imposed the curfew, the public did not even have the opportunity to leave the house while the employees of the government officials were not allowed to leave.
According to sources, this news was published by one of the former journalists of the state, Bah Anthony N.Nongbri, who has served in many fields in the field of contribution. to constructive and informative messages.
The training was conducted through the Education in Basic Vocation and Soft Skills program and many youths have been able to take part in this training, which is free of charge and has been of great benefit to the students. A blessing to the youth of the village and the area as a whole.
Therefore, he said that the UDP party is now trying to bring together the leaders to come together under one umbrella so that many changes cannot be brought about if there is only one group.
Prestone Tynsong Symbud Prime Minister, Minister in charge of PWD, has promised in front of the people of the area through Local MLA Gigur Myrthong that He will complete the two-lane road from Nongstoiñ to Maweit, where he will bear the costs himself, after three months if he reaches the goal, but these promises have not yet been fulfilled. .
Soso Tham is a source of light in the literature of the Khasi and a famous writer whose contribution to the Jaitbynriew will forever be remembered through various writings.
In South Garo Hills, there are 16 cases, 6 cases in South West Garo Hills, 14 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
Later, Dr. Chyrmang laid the foundation stone for the WRC which will be built with the financial support of MSPCB. program.
Publicity Secretary – Dung Laloo.6.
The seizure of the heroin came after receiving a tip that a vehicle carrying the heroin was leaving Manipur and was intending to smuggle the heroin to Shillong. The Ri Bhoi Police have taken action and raided Nongpoh.
The matches will be between Madanthad Thadmuthlong vs. Royal Pole Mihmyntdu and Kseh Sylle Ialong vs. Pasyih Cultural at 12 noon and 2 pm.
Such people should be allowed once and then judged for their actions and not judged from the beginning.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inspected the stall from Meghalaya and agreed that the delegation that represented the state at the G20 International Craft Bazaar, as part of the G20 summit, recently in New Delhi.
This is a very important demand and this is one of the most important issues that the government should do.
So far, the government has said that the NFSS scheme will also provide foodgrains to 70,200 people without AAY in the state.
After this, then Liverpool coach Gerard Houllier also wanted to sign Barcelona president Joan Laporta.
Three marathon runners have won medals in the Guwahati Half Marathon held in Guwahati. today 10th June 2023 starting from the gate of Nehru Stadium.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Sengkmie has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden collision of several persons. The construction of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has been completed at Mawdiangdiang.
Shillong: The Meghalaya BJP through Health Minister AL Hek has congratulated the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on the occasion of the 10th Anniversary of the BJP-led Union Government. of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA).
The HNLC has called a 48-hour curfew to protest against the NGT coal mining ban and Independence Day.
Chakma was the President of the YCA Gerakuluksora Branch, as well as the President and General Secretary of prominent organizations such as the All Assam Chakma Students Union and the Silchar Chakma Students Union.
This was stated by Bah Danny M Dunai, General Secretary of MIYF, Shillong.
On the other hand, many of the people said that although in the past years they have complained to the former MLA who is also in the same position as the MDC, he has not taken action to change the image.
We will listen to the voice of the people from all ethnic groups before we submit our recommendations to the regional committees of the two states,” he said.
They said that through this, it will be a wake-up call to many churches who use this Phot-umnew or wah sala and to take care of the uniqueness of this wah, because this wah is a It is also a living water source for many villages that use it for drinking water.
Police are still investigating the incident after the court gave the authority to the police to investigate.
'Ñi Lam is from Umñiuh Tmar village in Pynursla and I am from Mawkliaw village near Umñiuh-Tmar. it shall be like a village.
The video conference was attended by the VDPs of New Nongstoiñ and CNA. After the conference, the Police Chiefs led by Bah O.Massar DSP Crime accompanied by the Project Manager of Health Foundation, VDPs of New Nongstoiñ, CNA and other elders, went to explain to all the shops, public places on the road and also gathered all the drivers of commercial vehicles. sor, to explain the intention to fully implement the Act from Saturday morning, 9th November throughout West Khasi Hills.
The match for the tournament will be played on the 2nd March where Musniang SC will play against Wahiajer NYSSC at 12 noon and at 2:30 pm. The Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) has announced that it will hold the 1st Shillong Para Arm Fight Championship, 2023 and the Shillong Arm Fight Open Championship, on March 14, 2023 at Malki Square.
“After receiving the statements and suggestions, we feel that it is necessary to have a list of Kurs ki Jait Khasi within the boundary of the Council so that the registration can be done in the right way," he said.
KHLIEHRIAT: The East Jaintia Adventure Motorsports Association (EJAMSA) has launched the 7th Sprint Challenge 2020 and Larry Mukhim has won the title again. in the past few years.
On the allegation by the Leader of the AITC Dr Mukul Sangma that the MDA Government does not want to start illegal coal mining in the State, Conrad said, “Dr Mukul has forgotten that “We don't know what he has done in the last five years on this issue,” he said.
Mondal said that with the implementation of the Chief Minister Solar Mission, it will help the people to get electricity from the sun and the Government will also provide assistance.
Lakshmi Rymbai, Chairperson of the Village Organization, conducted the meeting in the presence of Waheh Shnong Leningstar Rymbai and Dr. F Lamin as the chief guest.
Police sources said that the drivers of the truck burnt down the police vehicle used by the policeman. Later, between 8:30 and 9:00 pm, the drivers of the truck burnt down the police vehicle. A small police truck (ML-02-2847) from the Police Reserve Nongpoh, collided with the truck, but the driver and other policemen inside escaped.
Five workers were shot dead at a village in Garettim near Nangalbibra police station in South Garo Hills at 11 pm on Friday.
He also asked about the automatic parking lot in Motphran which has not been seen yet.
Shillong, Naitung 05: AICC Chief CP Joshi and MPCC President DD Lapang have differed in their reply to the Congress party in Meghalaya. the media.
Also present on the occasion were BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Ernest Mawrie and others.
Why.
Secretary MCA, Bah K.Pajat, General Secretary MCA, and Bah Rijied Katrai, Organizing Secretary, Th.
According to the directives of Prime Minister Duh, all the departments of the Central Government are working hard to fill the sanctioned vacancies.
He said the demand of the time is that the state government, if it has responsibility, should create a mechanism to meet with all the political party leaders of the North East to decide on a strategy to protect and to judge the low paid.
According to the newspaper, one of the main reasons for the delay in issuing the UC is because there are few contractors who are working well to complete this road.
The problem of these refugees from Manipur does not end in Shillong, but is across the Khasi Jaintia Hills where the border villages are filled with these ethnic groups.
He said the state should benefit from the generation of electricity by the central government companies of about 72 million units and from the state government companies alone the generation of electricity is about 16 million units.
She also requested the Pakistani government to ensure that it provides security and safety to the poor, who live in fear of violence just because of their religious beliefs.
He also urged us that when we come from the same flesh and blood, that is, from the land of Hynniewtrep, we should have a strong spirit to give our right hand and our left hand especially in these difficult times. .
When asked how many complaints are received during the elections, there is no punishment for those who violate the law and it doesn't take anywhere and the Election Commission is just a paper tiger, the CEO said. it is not so because the elections have punished people in many cases such as speech that causes religious hatred.
We cannot say that most of us as a nation have been fighting and fighting against each other.
A Dkhar driver from Nongpoh has been arrested for 2 months. I have only one scooty NE bike once.
“They may not recognize the committee of political parties I head, it is enough, it is up to them to understand that if they don't recognize us, we don't have any rights but we are forced and this is in the rules of procedure" she added.
Meanwhile, Cabinet Minister Vikramaditya Singh during the protests said that democracy has been destroyed and killed which has deteriorated the situation.
What, then, is God's will for man? God wants all believers who cry out Lord Lord Lord to be washed in the blood of the Lamb.
The Minister of Public Health Engineering, Marcuise N Marak has met with the officers of the department to oversee the implementation of the JJM in the State including these three districts.
The leaders of the group include PB Sylliang, General Secretary of the HSPDP in Ri Bhoi, as Chairman of the group, Bah Peter Madur as Vice Chairman, Bah Ailong Pariat, Bah Ailong Pariat, Leader of the UDP in Umroi. The group was appointed as the General Secretary, Bah Pynskhem Sun as the Organizing Secretary, Bah Lumlang Lamarai and 30 prominent elders from the area.
“The government should not go ahead to pass this Bill which is against the people and should respect the voice of the people,” he said.
The injured were identified as Denglang Diengdoh, 19, and Sotish Sargari, 21, of Assamese ethnicity.
He served for three years as a prosecutor at Oriental Theological College in Mawlai.
Chwamiki Ryngkhlem and Saibormiki Passah scored 23 runs each for the AJCA. Dawanchwami Passah added 17 runs.
I join hands to encourage and express my support and I invite all my friends from near and far to encourage this call for a new change through the unity of the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, Independent, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, for the Lok Sabha Election from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, who has won the love not only for his hard work. I would like to express my gratitude to Dr Jemino Mawthoh for his achievement in reaching this honor of becoming the hope of thousands of youth of Meghalaya. candidate of all four parties.
Most of the residents of Meghalaya are unaware and have not even reached Lawse.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya government has issued a notice to recognize synsar as an agricultural commodity and synsar farmers will be exempt from tax, said the Minister of State in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The owner of the factory is Hunbait Shullet, who is also the owner of Hunbait Spices which markets Lakadong shynrai and other products from the area.
Apart from Damanbait Lamare, Umroi candidate, the four NPP candidates include Shemphang Lyngdoh, Mawhati candidate, Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang candidate and Jason. S.Mawlong from Umsning and Kong Macdalyne S.Mawlong from Nongpoh, spoke to the media and expressed their views on their intentions and aspirations. NPP,Nongpoh: A day after four Congress candidates went to register their nomination papers at the Returning Officers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, four NPP candidates in Ri Bhoi District today registered their nomination papers. They have come out to contest from four constituencies in Ri Bhoi, they have gone to register their candidates and to be like those candidates and those who will contest in the constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
Finally, we are surprised at what happened to the farmers' protest and rally on 26th July 2021? However, this should not discourage us and we should not blindly believe the news and stories of the corporate media.
“I am still an MDC of the HSPDP, but in politics we don't know whether there will be a change, I haven't decided yet, my supporters haven't decided yet. I don't know what party I'm going to vote for,” she said.
For more information, please contact: Eliasessay50@gmail.com or by phone at (1) Dr. Emil Nongbri, Chairman (9863070052). com bad (2) Prof.Andrew A.Jyrwa, Secretary (9402508390), aajjyrwa97 @gmail.com.
He urged the village authorities and Sengbhalang to work together to eradicate such beverages. He also urged the youth of the area to be vigilant and urged the parents to be responsible. children and learn to love spend time with children.
Thus you (Gentiles) are cleansed by his (Jesus) blood.
Willis Plaza scored three goals for Churchill Brothers and one for D Cessay while Samuel Lalmuanpuia and Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi scored for Shillong Lajong.
If there is a lack of access to these certificates, it can create a serious problem for those who cannot access these certificates.
Afterwards, the 'Shoh Thyndai' ceremony was held to shoot and beat every household with Deiñkhlam according to the belief to drive away all the evil spirits, diseases and evil spirits from the households. .
Of these, 247 households are in specially built areas by the government and the impact will be more severe as the water level will rise in the coming days. I will come.
“I can't say anything yet,” he said.
The most interesting thing is that when it comes to the khawyiang, it seems that they are the kings of that place, without rain, without rem, against the elders or the elders who walk and stand in that place. .
The Minister also held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs and land owners to ensure the smooth running of the project.
George Washington said – it is impossible to rule the world righteously without God and the Bible.
“This arrear of all the employees of KHADC including those who have retired, those who are still working and especially the 8 former MDCs who have fought the case and now won the case has reached the T.6 crore and in this EC we have decided to pay all the remaining areas this month,” said the CEM of KHADC.
The Chinese government has sent a thorough inquiry into the death of Dr. Li Wenliang, as the death of the doctor has been strongly opposed by the public.
On this occasion, the students of Ri-Bhoi College welcomed the guests with a traditional song and honored DD.Lapang as the chief guest, Symbud Myntri Rangbah Bah Prestone Tynsong as the chief guest. , Mayralborn Syiem as the chief guest and included all the guests on this special day of Maheh Lapang.
This decision of the State Government is in accordance with the Street Vendors Act, 2014, which was passed by the Government of India in 2014, which requires all States to Countries to enact their own rules to regulate the occupation of shops and to protect the rights of shopkeepers.
The order was issued on 17 June 2014 and the next hearing will be held on 19 July
Our State has often been criticized for its continued failure to allow Continental Milkose Pvt Ltd to supply these fortified foods, despite being well aware of these shortcomings.
For those who come on Sunday, parking will be at the Parking Lot at Polo Ground, near the venue.
“We don't care if it's load shedding and if it's a time of blackout in the whole state or in Ri-Bhoi District, but the blackout in this area is different because it's only in these areas. , which is due to the cut off of electrical signs, and many of the electrical posts have put in danger because they have started to collapse and could collapse at any time,” said Bah Makdoh.
He said that school fees and other fees should be collected only until October 2020, but the price should not be increased.
“The VDPs are volunteers to bring about the welfare of the people even if they don't have any income but they have spent their time day and night to bring peace in the village,” said Bah Sohliya. The Chief Minister of the District congratulated the VDPs through whom the last MLA Election has been conducted smoothly in the District. After the counting of votes, they were arrested with the cooperation of the Village Authorities (VDPs).
The new cases include EGH: 15 (Others), EJH: 27 (Others), EKH: 346 (Others), NGH: 09 (Others), RBD: 147 (Others), SGH: 11 ( The total number of recoveries has risen to 941 from SWGH: 27 (Others), WGH: 69 (Others), WJH: 32 (Others) and WKH:
Of course, it doesn't mean that you don't need to take the land but when you take it, you don't have to pay too much because if you take the land for the project, the central government has already done it.
The incident occurred at 12:30 pm while the bus was passing through Paikan.
However, the sudden arrival of heavy rainfall has caused a huge loss and a lot of hard work.
Speaking to reporters, Health Minister James PK Sangma said, “We have seen an increase in the number of cases of COVID-1 , and many of the people who have been diagnosed with COVID-19, are just sick," said James.
On the other hand, the union has warned the heavy vehicles not to do whatever they want, but to respect the rules of the Government not to overload as it will affect the area if such bridges are destroyed.
“Opposition to any leader is something that cannot be avoided in the election contest,” said James K. Sangma.
Shilong: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today expressed its support to the Governor of Meghalaya who will leave for Delhi to discuss the introduction of the ILP in can the State.
During his visit to the college, the Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister of India – Narendra Modi for laying the foundation stone.
KAM Meghalaya and TUR strongly condemn the illegal actions of the Assam Police who shot dead without warning against the residents of Mukroh Village on the border with Assam in Jaintia Hills. Hills.
Three MDCs from the NPP, GNC and independent MDCs from the NPP-led EC have joined the Congress.
With the initiative of the Government of Meghalaya, the Sikkim authorities have provided four vehicles to evacuate these 26 students who were stranded in Majitar, Sikkim to Siliguri. They were taken by bus to Shillong.
They said that they have tried to approach the Municipal with a letter on 13th November 2023 but till now, the Municipal has not responded in this regard.
Conrad Sangma also assured the people of Block II in Ri-Bhoi and other areas that will be resolved soon, that only after taking the decision and the approval of the people, we will take them. The best ways to resolve the border issues and ensure that only this government can ensure that and other issues like the ILP and the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution. the expected India will also soon be realized, he added.
The MBL 2018 is a collaboration between the Tata Trusts, the Meghalaya Football Association and the All India Football Federation.
Jannik Sinner's initial performance disappointed him, but he managed to overcome the penalties to beat Yoshihito Nishioka 6-1, 4-6, 3 and who has now reached the ninth quarterfinal of his season and will prepare for his match against Lorenzo Musetti; who defeated Cameron Norrie 3-6, 6-4, 6-1
Christmas should bring us all together and with the same voice we will once again tell the world this good story.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, expressed his gratitude to the people for electing him as the Nongmihkhmat of Nongpoh for the second time. In 2018, when he won from the Congress Party, but this year, when he won from the UDP, the people still have the full confidence in him. .
Many times as soon as the election comes and as soon as they stand up, the leaders forget about their leadership because when they speak, they feel relieved, embarrassed and feel like running away even from the meetings because they are being thrown out. words and phrases that are worthless, that are not worth speaking from the election campaign.
The search was conducted at the Umtyra gate at 6.15 pm this morning.
Therefore, the union urges the PWD department to take action on this issue and the company to immediately build the road to solve the problems of the people.
The Prime Minister has been urging us to go to Delhi and has also met with the Defense Minister Amit Shah from time to time on the same issue,” said Marak.
The foreigners were allowed to leave, and after they left, there was a celebration by the entire community of Doublecherra including the Presbyterian, Balang U Blei and Khasi religion.
The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam have decided to resolve the boundary issues in the second phase including the land under Block II. The Karbi people together with the Nepalis have been allowed to hold protests without any restrictions from the district authorities of Ri Bhoi and the district authorities. West Caribbean District.
The party also said that the Regional Committees should not be appointed only by the government but should also be appointed by the Opposition and the Seng Bhalang.
vehicles, 47 mobile phones, 168268 ml of liquor, a large quantity of condoms and other documents were seized.
On the 13th of this month, the state government has issued a notice that only half or 50 percent of the seats in the churches will be allowed to visit churches.
The group, led by the leaders of the Awakening India Movement, Meghalaya State Unit through the Clean Political Campaign, explained to the people of the area about the rights and obligations of how to be clean voters before the elections. which will be held in 2023.
When the sky was clear, they got up and gave birth to their children.
On the 10th of November, the High Court had issued an order not to demolish the illegal constructions along the Umkhrah River but it had to be suspended after the victims appealed to the Supreme Court.
After this, many thought that the Congress could come back to power and the exit polls also showed that there was a fierce contest in the central Indian state.
“As the 45 days of the Academic Session 2023-24 have started, the VC expresses his satisfaction with the acceptance of the colleges affiliated to NEHU for this goal of bringing about a new transformation in education,” said Baang. you announce.
Harish Kumar, the judge, admitted that all the allegations of Dhawan were true, as his wife did not want to appear in court.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 20: The Rev S.Wollington Memorial Secondary School Mawthengkut, which was established in 1998, will celebrate its 25th Anniversary on the 30th of this month at the school. Mawthengcut.
Kaisar Dohling, one of the volunteers of NYK from Khatarshnong Laitkroh Block, gave the opening speech and explained about the activities of NYK. Youth Clubs should join NYK so that they can conduct many programs to develop and develop the skills of young people not only in the field of employment. but also to participate in other activities in the community such as encouraging and urging the youth to come forward to develop their own talents and also to improve their skills. in various fields and at the same time to disseminate to many churches the various programs that NYK together with the Youth Welfare Department, have been working and implementing across the country.
MePGCL alone generates about 350 megawatts (MW) of electricity from nine power stations in Umiam Stage I, II, III and IV. ; Table I, II; Sonapan, Leshka and Lachron.
It may also be recalled that the annual BEE Painting Competition is on the theme “Energy Conservation” and the BEE decides on more detailed topics.
Disparsing Rani said that the Meghalaya Officiating Roller Driver Association has asked him for help because of the problem they are facing in the PWD department. He said that there are employees who have worked for 30 years but have not been appointed in the department but now they have been dismissed.
The government of HD Kumaraswamy in Karnataka has been in trouble in recent days after two independent MLAs withdrew their support and after that, some Congress MLAs left. Navy divers have found a body in a coal mine in Ksan, where 15 people were drowned. coal workers, more than a month ago.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced to hold the elections in Shella on 21st March following the death of Shella MLA Dr Donkupar Roy on 28th November this year.
The Waheh Shnongs of Borkhat and Natbor, Kyrmen Swer and Lap Suchen, said that the incident happened on the 4th of June.
The 1st Division Football Tournament of the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) has been held at Lamyrsiang Stadium.
Dr Batskhem said that the rally will be held on the 17th of this month at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat from 10 am to 4 pm.
More than 14,000 non-government teachers in 4,500 non-government schools including adhoc, deficit system and deficit pattern schools have stopped teaching from tomorrow as part of the demand from the government to take over the schools. teacher profession in the state.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Governing Council of NEIGHRIMS held on the 15th of this month in Delhi.
Medley Relayed.
A good example of skill development is the Institute of Hotel Management in Shillong such as NIPS, MOHCAM. , hotels and catering businesses at airports, railways and they can also work on ships or those large cruise ships to earn the wages they demand according to their skills.
At the time of writing, Sonia's illness was unknown, but she used to go to the United States for treatment. Rahul and Priyanka Chopra.
Police have arranged that vehicles coming from Umsohsun have to enter Rhino Point through Bocher Road and leave Grand Hotel. Vehicles coming from Iewduh have to pass through the same road.
The FKJGP also asked how to install this meter when even in the urban areas it has not been implemented, but it has started from the rural areas where the network is not sufficient because this meter works through The internet is also available to the public especially in the rural areas.
However, because those places in Thor Assam are close to Thor Bah, and the people are related to the Dkhars who are different from the Khasi, there has been a difference of opinion and misunderstanding. there was a battle.
It is impossible to say that the opposition to the government will continue because most of the time no matter how the government works, the people will see only the mistake.
He also reminded that the farmers should form Cooperative Societies so that the farmers can get many assistance especially the Piggery Mission which the government has prepared for this project which will be of benefit. to increase the income of the farmers.
It is true that the government has provided assistance but even that is not enough to hold a big and flourishing competition as it should be.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong said that the office of the Speaker or Deputy Speaker should ensure the operation of the microphones. they are enough without trouble.
I tried three times but nothing worked.
Marriage is a covenant between one family and another, between one clan and another on the part of a man and a woman, and marriage is considered a sacred work of God. to the extent with ethics.
But when will you stop those stunts?” she asked again.
Besides, they also have their own language and although the Sohra language has been used as the medium of speech, literature and teaching in schools, the central government has not yet introduced it. the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country or to be recognized as an Official Language.
The child was abducted from the New Boy's Hostel of DM College in the early hours of Thursday, November
Eighty children and male and female students from Class-IV as well as those who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC, Graduate, Post Graduate and PhD examinations were honored on this occasion. Speaking as the chief guest, the Chairman of the North East Students Organization (NESO), Bah Samuel Jyrwa, urged the students to work hard so that they can become the future. which is good for the state and the nation.
However, FC Goa managed to turn the tide in the 66th minute through Lalawmpuia's penalty.
Shillong, July 14: Two school teachers, one of whom is also the Rangbah Shnong of Nokma, have been abducted by robbers in Pura Khasia area on the Bangladesh border this morning. tree.
This thanksgiving is also part of the prayer and supplication to God that He will pour out His blessings on mankind to grow and plant the seeds of rynai and to be able to have enough food and drink. , to get health, to grow in income, to get good health, to grow in knowledge, with the Lord God bless you, to get There is a soap, a sakai, a sawbniat, a sawtyngam, the enemy, the wicked, and all the evil and wickedness, they will be destroyed without the sunset and the village will have only peace, harmony, righteousness, peace and harmony. .
Rahul's visit is to fight against violence as all freedoms have been threatened in the country under the rule of the BJP, which has suppressed various government departments against those who oppose it.
Shillong: The office of HSPDP MLA from Mawshynrut constituency, Bah Methodius Dkhar has been set on fire on the night of 3rd October 2023 at 9 pm.
Isawanda Laloo (IAS) has been appointed as the Director of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government.
He has been in office for five years and all the media knows about him,” he said.
The second song is “Ka daw”, produced by KK Garod, produced by Yomaing Garod and actors Phira and Wanri Pyngrope. The song was sung by Ram Suchiang and Balasiewdor Ryntathiang.
Last month, staff of the West Khasi Hills Health Department, visited three Sub Health Centers in Nonglang, Langja and Kyrdum. They also brought equipment to test the residents for malaria, medicines to distribute to those who have malaria and musari, to distribute to those residents who have malaria. Your name is on the list of those who have been arrested by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The Seng strongly condemns the contractor's mismanagement of this Residential School which will become one of the largest schools in War Jaintia.
On the other hand, FKJGP Riwar Mihngi today met with the Executive Director to demand the repair of this road which has been badly damaged and has caused problems to the traffic.
In their protest, they demanded that the government should immediately conduct the CEE examination or recruit them according to the letter they received in November-November this year. which clearly states that they have been selected to join the Indian Army.
According to Joshi, the continued coal blockade in the state is due to the fact that the BJP government has not taken action to resolve the issue despite being in power in Delhi.
“I feel that we should have drop-off points where fish from all over the country can see all the fish," he said.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through the Labor Department has earlier announced that the deadline for selling the application forms for the Iewduh daju who have to register their names is on the 15th of this month. to be held in the office of the Hima Mylliem.
Chopra has 43 million followers on social media.
The goalkeeper of the ASEB Football Team from Assam, Brama, was awarded the best player of the tournament.
So this has benefited us a lot,” he said.
Furthermore, the JSU urges other villages in the Bri u Hynniewtrep to come forward and cooperate with the Sengbhalang and the law enforcement agencies to prevent the illegal infiltration of the mynder.
Shillong: On the 6th November 2021, Angela Rangad, Leader of the Thmu U Rangli-Juki (TUR) expressed her concern that the State Government has not been able to pay the She said that there are still up to 9,000 who have not received their share.
There is also a concern that power may remain with the central government, where other minorities will be silenced.
The badminton players are Mebanker Shullai and Gregoreo Passah, in boxing, Badonkupar Synnah and Baiamutlang Synnah.
After the hearing, the Special Judge of the POCSO Court, Shillong, Swapna G. Momin, MHJS, said that the two accused, Mortonjune Kharbani and Lumding Syiemlieh and announced the sentence on 27th March 2023, with imprisonment for 14 years and a fine of T.50,000 each.
The Bible tells us that Mordecai covered himself with fire and sat in front of the king's gate to express his anger and protest.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The UDP Youth Wing Ranikor Circle, on Tuesday, expressed its surprise at the action of the President of the UDP Youth Wing, Bah Khranglin Lyngkhoi, who called a meeting on the 6th of this month at Hillstar. Hotel only those members who have a relationship with him.
$40,000 ITF women, La Marsa, Tunisia: Singles (first round): Rutuja Bhosale defeated Suzanie Pretorius (RSA) 6-0, 6-3; Jana Kolodynska defeated Sahaja Yamalapalli 6-3, 4-6, 6-1
They were filled with joy only as signs of joy.
Banteidor said this while answering a question by Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang in the House today.
He said that these 400 nurses are well experienced in the field and if they are suspended, it will have a major impact on the quality of care at this central government hospital.
Shillong, March 31: The Hynniewtrep Idol Season 4 under the leadership of Bah Gabriel T Mawlong will be held again.
Tura, Jymmang 4 : The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Garo Students Union (GSU) has expressed its regret and strong opposition to the discrimination and keeping the athletes of the Meghalaya Games 2022 from Garo Hills in dirty places. They demanded that the government should set up an inquiry and punish those involved in the selection of such places according to the law.
Nujorki said that there are 87 villages in the block and the demand for the upgradation of Laskein to a civil sub-division is to improve income in the area. you can't bring yourself to do anything inside this area.
If we look at our country, the conflict in Manipur, which began on 3rd June, 2023, has not ended although there has been a period of peace.
Linda Dkhar, and provided treatment according to the needs of the people especially the diseases caused by natural disasters.
(vi) To have responsibility and responsibility for the longkur longkha, men and women – especially the young women because they are the parents and the givers of the race to the nation from generation to generation.
He also alleged that why the GVK cannot cooperate with the MEMRIWU, and perhaps there is something about this and this has led them to slander.
Youth President-Embhahlang Syiemlieh, Secretary-Hamletson Dohling, President Farmer Wing-Remington Pyngrope, Secretary- Roland Nongrum.
Regarding another topic, which the author has called “The Thma Jingieid” or in other words, the Thma Plakhun or Love Jihad, he says that here in our country, He said that Rymbai, which is a Christian village, where 99.9 percent of the population is Christian, but in a few years, it will become a Muslim village. , is that the daughters marry Muslim Dkhars and follow their religion.
It was observed that the market built by the Mawser Market Committee has started to collapse and has been covered with plants and sanium as no one is using them.
The KSU Nongthymmai said that it has received a complaint from the neighbors of IIM that the students of this school to train in various lines have behaved rudely and turned this school into a venue by playing music. Many students preparing for various examinations have been affected.
Conrad K Sangma said the Cabinet has also approved the amendment to the India University Act, 2005 which will be tabled in the House.
Referring to her case, she said it will not affect her in this election as the people of the constituency where she will contest have been informed. Shillong constituency.
The skill training will be conducted by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) sponsored by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner Border Area Development Program in collaboration with the Office of the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSSDS).
Anyone who finds violators of the Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu can inform the following numbers:.
This year, the theme of World Environment Day is how to implement solutions to plastic pollution.
