"Rida's mother didn't speak. When she was able to speak face to face, Niakha added to Rida, "Khun, you're going to the shop... Don't forget to walk along the road when you leave class. por..." Niakha added, “Yes, Niakha.
In his speech, Bah Pynshngain expressed his gratitude to Dr Nongbri for publishing this book on the life and work of Thomas Jones.
North Liberty Higher Secondary in the Under-14 Boys category won four gold, two silver and two bronze medals.
The match will be played at 3 pm.
CHAPTER – 6The day of Kynsai's departure was only 3 days away.
As part of the efforts to force the government to expedite the results of the recruitment process, it is from
NPP General Secretary Donboklang Kharjana said that the MDC came to join the NPP today at the NPP office in Newhill, Jowai.
The Sports Associations of the Districts and the State gather and run from one place to another to seek assistance to hold tournaments once a year.
She said that although she is not in charge of the factory department because she is not in charge of the prime minister, she speaks as the party leader on the allegations against the BJP. “I don't know what the government is doing,” said Marak.
Birla said Meghalaya has been able to preserve its culture.
He said that Meghalaya is blessed with water, but the problem is to manage the water.
He said that in the past three years many schools and colleges have not reached this 50% and he said that from now on all schools should achieve this percentage and if they cannot, the the board shall take reasonable steps to withdraw their recognition.
Interestingly, there are three Christian churches in the village, including Catholic, Presbyterian and Baptist.
At that moment Larissa came to clean herself.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma at a meeting held at Madan Chigitchakgre, Gambegre Block, West Garo Hills today declared Chigitchakgre as a Bee Village under the Apiculture Mission
The CAB/CAAThis is an amendment to the Citizenship Act 1955, by the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, (CAB) which is now the CAA, 2019, after the Lok Sabha and The Rajya Sabha has already passed the amendment to the CAB. The amendment has allowed six non-Muslims, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Christians, Parsis and Jains in Afghanistan and Bangladesh. and Pakistan to return to India.
On the 1st of March, the first match for the men will be between Young Guns against Spark Junior at 10 pm and in the women's category, Sister Hood will play against Tylli Kawei at 11 pm.
I'm looking for a girlfriend who is good at character and good spirit, bd I want to be from the war area if you have any call and text on this no.
Shillong, July 18 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Umjaiur Unit on Tuesday led by Samla T.Nongrem to donate assistance to the family of Kong Martina Nonglang who suffered an incident. They are saddened by the sudden fire that broke out in their house on Tuesday morning due to an electrical fault.
Shillong, March 11 : The MDA government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today upgraded two Sub Centers to Primary Health Centres.
The new office bearers of FKJGP Sonidan Circle for the term 2022-25 include Samla Edming Lymphuid as President, Vice President-Banjop Sakra, General Secretary-Hilarius Mujai, Assistant Secretary-Hephar Umbah, Organizing Secretary – Phyrnaibor Khym deit, Education Secretary – Kyrshan Langi, Finance Secretary – Kularskhem Shangrang, Publicity Secretary – Rapil Markhap, Sports Secretary – Rocky Nongshli, Environment Secretary – S Langi and 3 members of the EC. Lyngdoh President of North Khasi Hills District.
At the same time, he called on the VPP to continue to demand the reform of the recruitment system in the state by holding meetings across the country.
On the government's claim that it has already submitted an estimate to the NGT that there are still 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal, he said the government should ensure that the shallan should be available to the public. If it is given only to one person, the price shall not exceed ninety or one hundred tyngka, but shall be according to the government price.
Because on the Indian side, it said that relations between China and India cannot go smoothly at all unless there is peace and harmony in the border areas.
Is it true or not as they claim? In this article and explanation I am only a false allegation but there is no handshake or investigation.
The funeral service for the remains of Bah Enshon will be held on the 8th October, 2023, at 2:00 pm at the Catholic Cemetery, Mawlai Mawdatbaki, Pata.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Two drug traffickers were arrested by the East Jaintia Hills District Police on Tuesday while conducting a search operation on vehicles coming from Kalain, Cachar, Assam.
The victims were identified as Afilin Momin (mother) 44 years old and Panme Momin (23 years old).
Dr. Mishra will continue to hold office as Governor of Meghalaya until another appointment is made, said a statement issued by the Rastrapati Bhavan.
He said that Kong Wansuk will be a messenger to the youth to encourage them.
The closing date for receipt of proposals is 15 September 2021 at 3 PM. The land should be 50 Acres, 500 meters from the river, 200 meters from the fish ponds and 5 KM from the roads. residential areas, children's playgrounds and drinking water wells.
However, the HYC leader said that he is afraid that this will be just a desire to make themselves known or a desire to raise the voice of politicians when they are not in power and just to get hylla or kyrkait as they feel. “If Bah Sawkmie was in government, we would have got the ILP,” said Donbok Kharlyngdoh.
Speaking to the residents of these areas, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that the rural villages across India have now been able to get colored roads through the PMGSY schemes (Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna). It was first started by the former Prime Minister of India Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Therefore, we look at where there is a need for financial, technical or training support so that they can improve their work.
Executive Members include Korea Pyrngap, Marchy Dkhar, Kyrshan Dkhar, Donbok Mukhim, Seiborlang Shylla, Roskil Chyrmang, Michael Langstang and Wiljop Nongtdu.
Students who can apply for this award are for Class 10 with 70% or above, Class 12 with 70% and above and Graduate, Post Graduate, Professional with 65% or above.
The Khasi language is not used by everyone.
The MYE Card is one of the leading schemes after the WE Card, launched by All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Chairperson Mamata Banerjee in past.
This backwardness is due to the root cause, corruption in many ways, in money, in jobs, in opposition and others which are exactly like the storms that violate the rights of the people. the people that the state or central government has been providing special assistance through the development projects of the people.
“This is the government's failure, and it should not delay but should hold the mid-term elections without delay so that the people can get their rights,” said Bah Bindo. government does this, it will kill democracy.
““I have launched the Women's Economic Empowerment through the Financial Power Scheme.
But you pigs are being deceived by the authorities to get a place and the time will come when they will destroy you in the morning.
Mawtawar scored the second goal in the 83rd minute through Elnathan Donkupar Wahlang.
How can they lose their rights by implementing the SOP of the State Government,” said the Seng.
“Are all internet users rioters or spreaders of false news? If so, why doesn't the government arrest all internet users?” he asked.
“I have tried to ask them whether they are still in the party or whether they will leave.
In other states, there are many photographers who earn money from tourists.
He said that the robbers are willing to do this, because the area and the area as a whole is very easy for the robbers to do this, because of the proximity to Assam.
"“We urge the people that if the Government is a violator of the law and allows the illegal transportation of coal, they should continue to start their own business because the money goes into the pockets of the politicians and political parties,” he said and promised to provide joint support from the party.
The body of the woman was left in Ar kilo forest, Wah Umbluh Wai Khyrmi, Dkhiah East. The next day, the Crime Scene Unit arrived. from Shillong to complete the investigation and legal requirements.
It is here that the word of God appears – “Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; I have appointed you a prophet to the people” Jeremiah 1:5
By the year 2000, the number of cancer cases in the country had reached 8 lakh 50 thousand, but this has not reduced the incidence of smoking, and others.
Professor GB Swell was born into a new Christian family in Laitkynsew and served as Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha twice, from 1969 to 1970 and 1971 to
Shillong, March 18 : The Meghalaya State Planning Board on Tuesday urged the Ministry of Home Affairs, Transport, PWD and Urban Affairs to provide advice and find ways and means to improve the quality of life of the city. to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong.
Marak, the Federation said that a tender has been awarded to M/S Dilip Paul & Sons Company for the construction and cleaning of the road.
Niakha, too, because she was alone, allowed her to work as she pleased.
Shillong, July 03 : Mawkasiang Sports Club has beaten Sohryngkham Sports Club in the final of the MLA Cup 2022 organized by Sohryngkham Lulong Sport. and Cultural Club on November 30,
The curfew has been imposed since 17th July 2020, while the Nepali Compound, Rilbong including the house of Roma Devkota, Mira Store to the house of Smti Sushma Talukdar and reaching to the Umjasai River and Mantra Building and against the Puja Mandap, will continue to fall into the closed areas.
On the other hand, Ms. RM Kharsyntiew, Chief Judicial Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, in her speech, encouraged these beneficiaries to take advantage of this opportunity and to take part in these training programs which can lead to employment. pat them after habud.
For the implementation of various projects from roads to other development works, the government has borrowed hundreds and thousands of crores from the financial departments and the question is when it will be able to pay it back. you are allowed to take it.
These findings were published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Since the end of the election campaign on the 25th, the groups in charge of remote villages have left and those nearby have left on Friday.
On the part of Prof C Daniala, Medical Superintendent, NEIGIRHMS, he congratulated the Department of Cardiothoracic and Vascular Surgery for their efforts in providing treatment for this unique disease.
"He has sent his resignation letter from November 10, 2022 and states that he is of advanced age, and that he is no longer in good health.
Shillong: Out of the four EMs who have submitted their names to the Governor for recognition, Grace Mary Kharpuri has joined the UDA led by Teinwel Dkhar.
Speaking to reporters, Arpit Upadhayay, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, said that for the polling in the 2023 election in Meghalaya, there will be no impact on the villages that are still in conflict. The District authorities have already asked the Deputy Commissioners of Assam to take action to ensure that there will be no intimidation of the people in the polling.
He said that some of them gave a lot, some gave a little and some didn't.
The welcome speech was delivered by the General Secretary of the Parish Pastoral Council, Bah Barnabas Nangbah.
“In this regard, I have called a meeting with all the Deputy Commissioners and decided to take action to acquire the land and pay the land fee and also to follow up on the work from the Forest Department which is still pending in DFO,” said Prestone.
Nongpoh, July 27: The District Level Inter-School Football Tournament 2022 has been launched by the District Sports Officer of Ri-Bhoi District today. two stadiums, Umdihar and Umbuda.
These symptoms will go away after a few days but you need to sleep well and drink plenty of water as much as possible during these times.
“For this reason, many MLAs who do not speak Khasi well, come to sit in the House without anything from winning until the end of the five-year term,” said Dr Don.
The Search Committee shall submit its recommendations to the State Government within 10 months from the date of publication of the notice.
And why don't you want to talk face to face with our Khasi Pnar people?
The BCCI said it would be difficult to select a team for the Asian Games, but contribution is important.
Police have arrested the drivers and followers of these trucks.
“Since 2008 until 2018, none of us have passed according to the government quota to be appointed,” said Baiarbor Nongbri, president of MASGA.
She also expressed her gratitude to the SNSBH for their cooperation from the beginning of this project until it has achieved this great achievement.
On the other hand, the Minister said that compensation of T.16,20,000 has been paid to the farmers in 2020-21 for the death of 540 pigs from African disease. Swine Fever disease.
It is right that we should remain ignorant in all respects.
Not a single type of vegetable does not contain cholesterol, but it is the spices that increase the fat, calories and cholesterol.
/10/2012, to the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, for comments on the Memorandum sent by the Dorbar to the Government of India on June 2012, the KHADC Village Administration Bill 2013-Amendment ) Sixth Schedule – Constitution of India and the Resolution of the Dorbar 4th June 2013, and to urge the KHADC authorities to urgently enact the Act and Rules for the Dorbar KUR or SENG KUR). The peace and order situation in the state has resulted from the protests of the shiphew Seng Bhalang.
“In June 2010, who was the Prime Minister and how many of our people died.
JOWAI: Residents of Ialong Mission village on Saturday morning at 1:30 pm seized a vehicle stolen batteries from Tower Mobile and recovered 48 stolen batteries.
He also discussed with the Minister that banks should assist SHGs in the State and that SHGs should be able to assist in depositing or receiving money. you can go to the bank.
According to Bah Dkhar, the talks are ongoing and no decision has been taken at the meeting of the UDP MDCs and party leaders.
The celebration began with a rally, which was attended by students from various schools, who marched and shouted slogans on the importance of education.
Leaders of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) under the leadership of its President, Bah Firmly Iawphniaw have visited the rice fields of the farmers. They have found that there is a shortage of people because they can no longer repair the fields that have been destroyed by the rain which has lasted for many days until it collapses. The waters of the fields are no more, and there is no more fertile ground or crops.
“The High Court has to wait for the order of the Supreme Court in the CMJ University case,” the newspaper said.
They also urged the PWD Department to consider and identify other routes during the 6 hour closure of the bridge on 31st October to allow other vehicles to pass. to 4 tons.
The village has banned any person from outside the village or from outside the village to come and arrange money for the residents inside the village.
Both the teachers' unions have protested in the same voice, by sitting and staying day and night until they get their needs from the government.
They are Shemborlang Phyllut from Mawrang, Rambrai, Famding Ryntathiang from Mawkarah, Ribansar Pariong from Pyndengrei, Francis Pariong from Tiniang and Aiswel Nongrum from Mawlyndep.
According to police, the truck entered the one-way road and collided with a two-wheeler coming from the direction of the Civil Hospital.
In a statement, FKJGP Organizing Secretary Bah Marbud Dkhar said that the people of the state should not be afraid of the government's threat but should join hands with the women's organizations. They will hold a rally in front of the Additional Secretariat on the 25th of this month.
Their visit to the village has been a great blessing and benefit to the residents.
Besides, they did not have the Utilization Certificates including Bills, Vouchers, Cash Memos and other bank accounts of those people who carried out this work.
He said that the rights of the indigenous people should not be violated just in the name of development. “Bring a proper law and we will discuss development later.
Earlier, the State Election Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to hold talks with other parties with the same objectives in the 2014 MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Seat. NPP has Two Seats.
Welcoming and giving food to those who come is really good.
Rangkynsai CC won the first title and Lumshyiap CC came second.
“It may be that the Hima Nonglang has expressed its concern for those villages which are not included in the list of villages under the dispute which it introduced in 2011, these villages are under Assam. “The Hima wants the Committee to include these villages which are not on the list,” said Bah Tongkhar. on Friday.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that there are 42 incidents on social media which have been registered under the Act due to false news.
The Raider will also feature Aslam Inamdar and Mohit Goyat as well as Patna Pirates' Sachin.
It is on the 2nd of October that we will know whether the people accept and approve of the working methods of their MLA.
In 2019, the market was auctioned by the District Council, but Kliarbha Sana did not allow the market buyer to collect taxes.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 25: U RG Momin MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam constituency today launched another ambulance for the Rambrai area at a public meeting held at Rambrai Market.
This has put the students of Siju School in trouble because until now they have not been able to study at this school just because of the stingy calculations of the contractor.
When we speak and tell stories, we should speak in gentle and polite words, not just in harsh words or slanderous words so that our words do not offend or offend others.
Why? For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.
As part of the inauguration of the Ayushman Bhava of the President of India, Draupadi Murmu, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma took part in the inauguration ceremony held at the State Convention Centre. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare and government officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The meeting was conducted by Pynjurbha Suchiang, Vice President JSM Western Region. Speech was delivered by H.Supuh Asst.Education Secretary Western Region. ED Lamare Vice President CEC of the CEC was sworn in. On this occasion, the leading leaders of the party advised the new members to be responsible in the society and to work righteously for the country and all nations.
The Department of Economics together with the Department of Commerce has conducted a training program on 'Economic Empowerment for Women' in Meghalaya through SHGs. you get the court of longkmie.
I don't need to change departments or remove ministers,” he said.
The coronavirus in Britain has killed 335 people in the country and 54 more have died in the past 24 hours.
She told them that her husband was afraid that she would forget to fulfill her duties.
Jowai, July 21: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has called on the Government to implement its three demands for a blood bank, the upgradation of the Jowai Civil Hospital and the The Union has once again inspected these demands and found that the State Government does not believe in them at all.
“I am concerned that this rush to inspect these places which does not include everyone may have any negative connotation, I don't know whether the state government has given enough time for those who have been occupying these land since 1972,” said Ampareen.
The eye is a deceitful thing if a person does not use it properly, for it is the mirror of the body.
Shillong, June 03: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday celebrated its two-year anniversary by launching a funeral vehicle as part of its contribution to the community.
Nongpoh: On receiving information on the government's plan to revive the construction of the railway project at Byrnihat, the leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District today met with the Byrnihat Railway Project. Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, which is also a sign of understanding to the government regarding the railway line to the state.
He said that the neighboring villagers should also cooperate with the VDPs and police so that these robbers can be arrested.
If the Government says to allow foreign workers to come and work in the State.
Ali also expressed his dissatisfaction with the statement of Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, who expressed his disappointment with Bidhuri's remarks in which Singh said he did not receive I don't understand Bidhuri's answer, but if it's true, I'm sorry.
The navy has reached the bottom of the pond and has inspected the thwei using ROV SONAR. So far, 2.88 lakh liters of water have been recovered. , from the first creek and then 7.56 lakh liters from the second creek, but now, it has risen by 4 feet due to heavy rainfall.
Therefore, the Sengbhalang, Rangbah Shnongs and Sordars in the area will continue to oppose the opening of this market.
Shillong: Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has criticized the MDA government for not explaining its position on the surrender of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (MDA). HNLC) Cherishterfield Thangkhiew and also against the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong.
This assistance will be a great blessing to the farmers as this strawberry is well known to be very productive.
In fact, when they come to live on the land of the children of Hynniew-Trep, they should also be only servants and laborers of the children of Hynniew-Trep. If they come with the knowledge and invitation of the Hima-Sima rulers of the Bri u Hynniew-Trep and if they are illegal immigrants, they should leave the Bri u. Hynniew-Trep and return to their Garo Hills and should also be fined heavily because they have destroyed and destroyed the hills and rivers of us the children of Hynniew-Trep. hundreds and thousands – thousands of square kilometers.
The incident happened at 8:30 pm on the 16th of this month while the vehicle was leaving Mawiong, Shillong to drop off these nine persons at the Technology Park at Umsawli, New Shillong Township.
Give us guns according to the law so that young people who are 18 years old and above can stand up and defend their land,” he said.
Therefore, we urge the state government to think separately for this road, because if this part from Sonidan to Umsiang is improved, the benefit is not only for the people living in the area. This road has become one of the most important roads not only in Ri Bhoi, but in the state as a whole. It is one of the roads connecting Meghalaya and Assam.
“The traffic jam on this road (Umshyrpi-Upper Shillong) has been increasing every day for the past month.
SHILLONG: The only MLA of KHNAM from Shillong North will not attend the Republic Day tomorrow as a sign of strong opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
The union demands that the CBI should investigate and the post mortem should be conducted at AIIMS, Bikdot said.
Elect MLAs who should not represent the State.
Please send my greetings to my fellow Christians throughout Assam, men and women and tell them that I hope to meet them this year..."According to the writings, Sadhu Sundar Singh has arrived in Ri Khasi in October 1924 and first preached the Word of God at the evening service at Mawkhar Church on 7 March.
It is learned that those who received the letters demanding money, received them through messages or through messages on their whatsapp numbers, said the symbud MR. MLAs and Government Ministers, but also many businessmen, who have sent messages to their mobile phones.
The meeting was unknown and a few people were invited to attend the meeting at Downing Street, the residence of the Prime Minister.
He also set a deadline of three days to create relief measures and if they do not do anything in these three days, the people of these 10 border villages, will come out and march in Shillong, especially in the Secretariat, the President added.
“Mukul Sangma and the TMC have tried to get us to provide financial support to the families and now it has turned around from what we started but I want to ask why Mukul Sangma talks about Women Empowerment or WE “Once the elections come, he will be the Prime Minister for 8 years,” he said.
On the 29th of July, a team of experts including Soil Science Scientist, Sr.
He urged everyone to cooperate and follow the government's guidelines and wear masks and keep a distance from each other in any place to curb the spread of the disease.
To remember the ETERNAL COVENANT between God and all living creatures and all flesh that is on the earth.
The two youths were rescued by members of the KSU Delhi Unit who went to provide assistance on receiving information about the incident.
Khliehriat Lber 15: Muallian Village, East Jaintia Hills District, Saipung District, is one of the villages where the residents are facing severe problems in terms of traffic. Most of the residents are from the Biate community, who live by agriculture, such as synsar, kwai, tympew, soh and others. other types of cultivation.
It is hereby announced that any collection of money in East Khasi Hills unless approved by the DC's office or any government authorities is illegal.
He also mentioned the shortage of transformers across the area and this has caused problems to the people.
There were 28 participants in the drawing competition.
Hek said the people of the constituency and the state have started to accept the BJP because they have seen the work that the BJP under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has done for the country and the state.
These Contract Teachers said that the government in 2008-2009 which had seen the interview far ahead had allowed all the interviews and had no criteria to pass the SET. If you don't have a job, you don't have to appear for a personal interview.
No Entry has been set from the Sein Raij Parking Lot and only vehicles carrying election personnel are allowed.
If the soil is sufficiently moist, they can be planted in Assam at any time and transplanted at any time, except in the coldest areas.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that fighting is not the solution to the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
In the midst of the surprise and light that may come from time to time, we look forward to a bright future, and as Myllung Soso Tham says-ONCE THE FORESTS WILL WIN, ONCE THE STONE WILL. It passes through the Hill State of Meghalaya.
The eight-member SDRF team was led by UTK Sangma, Deputy Controller of Civil Defence, East Garo Hills District.
This action of yours may have something to do with the sale of land.
The election in Nongkrem in 2018 is not between the candidates but how to defeat Bah Ardent.
The KHADC dorbar recently took a decision to strongly oppose the UCC which is in the process of being dissolved by the Government of India.
Special mention should be made here of the role of women from the midwives who stood up against Pharaoh's decree to kill the male children to Pharaoh's daughter who rescued and raised Moses. .
A man has been arrested by the police on Thursday while trying to break the signs for the 5th Meghalaya Games at the Pa Togan Nengminja Athletics Stadium. in Tura, West Garo Hills District.
Do you ask yourself, “Why does evil happen like this?” Christianity has no meaning, Like milk that has turned into blood.
Announcing this, Prestone said the decision was taken at a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
In another match, Juventus beat Ajax 2-1
At the meeting, it was discussed that there is still a need to attack the insurgent camps as it is done these days to eradicate them completely.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has requested the KHADC especially the MDCs of the district to bring a similar resolution in the KHADC Legislative Assembly against the mining of uranium. it will become stronger.
The winners were also awarded cash prizes, trophies and certificates as a sign of encouragement to the students to continue to work hard to reach their goals.
There are also cases where because the perpetrators are relatives, the family of the victims refuses to report the incident to the police because they do not want it to be revealed.
Devendra Fadnavis, the incumbent Chief Minister of the state, has rejected the Sena's proposal, but has made it clear that he will lead the state as the Chief Minister for the next three years. with the support of the Shiv Sena.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Kupli Area Circle has demanded that Jio and Airtel should provide mobile network in Iooksi, Saphai, Khonshnong and other neighboring villages.
Here and there are to be seen clumps of oaks and pines.
“According to the government, factories should consume only 20,700 cubic meters of wood, but we see that they consume more than this, which is a threat to the environment by destroying forests to cut them down. said George, who is also the MLA of Umroi.
Perhaps it is because the Khasi language is very rare these days, or because we don't know how to use it and it is for this reason that we have spoken and written wrongly and brought about a wrong opinion about those. movie events or programs.
In Riatmoolain, Ladthadlaboh, a vehicle parked on the road was also robbed of its battery.
“Like Byrnihat, which is also a border area where there are factories producing smoke on the Meghalaya and Assam side, researchers are still looking for information on this area. They are still investigating whether the flow of Lyer is from Meghalaya to Assam or from Assam to Meghalaya. from Meghalaya and Assam,” said Bah SSwer.
The protest was part of the protest to inform the Government of India that through the visit of the VC of CAU Imphal to the University today, it shows that the Government is silent on the demand of the union. CAU does not cover the state as promised in
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 11: Hundreds of villages especially in the rural areas have not yet received adequate drinking water in West Khasi Hills.
He explained that the garment manufacturers can get schemes from travel expenses, financial assistance from the government, in relation to the production of ksai which they can get through the Yarn Passbook.
Shillong, Naitung 12: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress in Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that if his party comes to power in 2023, it will abolish the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU). has not agreed with Assam on the border demarcation.
Conrad said that on this occasion, he also met with the Minister of Finance, Nirmala Sitharaman, where she requested her to increase the allocation and provide more. Externally Aided Project (EAP) to Meghalaya to look after its development.
Passah said that the census has been given by Bah Passah until tonight but there are still those who are still taking the exact census.
Police on receiving the information immediately rushed to the scene and found out the truth. After completing the post mortem, the body of the man was handed over to his family members. The reason is still unknown.
Furthermore, as reported, the Janajati Dharma Sanskriti Suraksha Manch (JDSSM) marched to Dispur on 12.02.2023 to demand that the central and state governments amend Art.342-A and 341 to abolish the Schedule Tribe status of Christians, besides the census of the number of churches in Assam and the proposal to introduce the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) which will soon become law.
They also said that in other years the delivery of books to schools and bookstores is very fast, but this year it is not known why the delivery of books to schools has been slow. and to bookstores very slowly.
It is the policy of the Hindus and the BJP (not the non-Hindus) to divide India with the CAA to expel the Muslims living in India because they are invaders. The BJP may not get a majority in the upcoming MP elections through the Muslim vote.
It is for this reason that this school does not have such a system to teach according to the ability of the children.
It’s just an experiment, and let’s see if it helps reduce traffic and congestion.
He appealed to the people of the state to cooperate with the government in order to avoid such incidents.
Sathiyan, who played well from the start, defeated England's Tom Jarvis; Meanwhile, women's star Manika Batra easily won her title against Algeria's Lynda Loghraibi.
Shillong, Iaiong 29: A shocking and unexpected incident has happened in the early hours of Sunday morning at Siejlieh village in Nongstoin. and a voice came out of heaven, like a child's prayer, and after a while, from that child's prayer, came a voice, saying, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. it comes with a loud voice, and it goes from the sky and disappears.
At the same time, the KSU Delhi Unit would like to express its gratitude and congratulations to the KSU Delhi Unit for taking the initiative to accompany the family of Walinda.
“Investigation is ongoing into how the JCO managed to escape with a large number of bullets from Jammu and Kashmir and reach the North East,” said an intelligence official.
Laodicea or Laodicea, is a Greek word that means Public Opinion.
He said that as the state government has not listened to the demand to formulate a policy for the employment of state residents in private companies, the union has not hesitated to invite the youth to join this rally. to raise awareness of the unemployment of the youth of the state who have completed their studies.
The company has been operating for more than 10 years but has not received much money, said Addl SP Crime Vivek Syiem.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was played between Dilingiem YSCWA and Lamlynti SC on Tuesday. Dilingiem YSCWA won the title by 1 goal.
There is a need to find a solution to this problem," he said.
Jowai, Lber 19: “The KJP Synod Mihngi is deeply concerned about the spread of violence against women from rape and murder and the KJP Synod has arranged to pray for this”. The Moderator of KJPSM announced this morning before calling on the Pastor Rangbah, Rev.Dr.JF Jyrwa to pray for them.
:The National People's Party (NPP) has announced Ampareen Lyngdoh and Agatha Sangma as its candidates for the Lok Sabha elections. she held a meeting with the media at the party office.
According to state and foreign media reports, the uranium container found in Manipur reads “Explosive No.337/99% Proven
The West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) has announced that it will hold the 12th District Open Badminton from 18th to 23rd March 2021 at the Indoor Hall of Seinraij, Jowai.
This sudden death of her has brought a great loss to the Sengkhihlang and also to the land of Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum. Especially in the big meetings of the Sengkhihlang whether it is in the Pnar, War, Bhoi or Khasi areas, she doesn't hesitate to do the work assigned to her.
Many kinds of games were held in the program with the participation of 10 schools from Mawkynrew Block.
The Meghalaya government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), has recently allowed trucks to transport coal from Assam as part of the ban. dewbilat factories to start operating in Jaintia Hills.
Khliehriat, July 27: U Bah Albinus Lamurong, on Tuesday, lodged a complaint at the office of the Assistant Engineer of PWD Roads Sutnga Sub Division. The Rimanar Bridge, near Samasi village, has been implemented under Section 144 CrPC since 2018 as the bridge is old and damaged. which needed to be protected.
Pablo Carreno Envelope (ESP) 2285 (+1)16.
The God who heard the sacrifices of the sailors also heard Jonah’s prayers.
In the 57th minute, Austin struck the ball against Mawlai goalkeeper Lambha Miki Lamare.
At the same time, he requested the government to do its utmost to provide for the needs of this training center and promised to provide all possible support for the development of this training centre. which urged the management of this training center to provide the best service and that the shortcomings here and there should not be an obstacle or obstacle in the smooth running of this training centre.
HITO Raid Myrdon in the letter expressed its regret over the allegation of tortious implementation of the scheme and alleged that the contractor has used old water pipes and the water tank which should have been built. about 7 only made 6 pieces.
"While the siege was going on, the militants opened fire from their guns, and the three senior officers were injured, and later died," security sources said.
We are your friends and will help you in your time of need".
This has been like a game of struggle as the government has not yet taken a firm decision on this issue.
Shillong, March 20 : The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has informed that the Excise Department of the district is continuing to conduct raids on the illegal sale of liquor by conducting raids. inside restaurants, shops and others in urban and suburban areas as well.
The Government of Meghalaya, through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has taken measures to eradicate pneumonia in the state and has launched a Social Awareness Action to curb the spread of Pneumonia. Successfully (IMMEDIATELY).
Other male MLAs have no concern to bring up the subject of pregnant women.
In Science, 15 students have reached the top ten, St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School has 8 students in Science and 3 students in Commerce.
When Meiieid Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin was still alive, she rejected the offer of UCIL for a grant of T.45 crore to mine uranium deposits in Nongbah Jynrin.
“These families should be immediately evicted from this area according to the rules of law,” said the president of the HYC. to many people who do not have land to start living and filling government land.
Lion SC beat Chilliangraij 3-1
Regarding the NOCs issued by the Rangbah Shnongs and the Elaka, we have our own rules that the coke factories have to follow; However, these robbers, who number less than 20 people who are also residents of the Elaka, do not believe in those agreements that have been signed with them.
Thus the family is the first school of Christian life and the school of human development.
The Hill Farmer's Union (HFU) has sent a letter to the Minister of Agriculture, Bah AL Hek requesting for assistance in and the various problems faced by farmers.
Earlier, the match between Dongmihsngi and Chutwakhu had to be canceled due to weather conditions after 8′ of play.
Moodymmai won the toss and elected to tied first.
According to him, this year, there is no shortage of water except during the power outage because the water pump at Mawphlang Dam has been replaced by a pump that does not use electricity.
Speaking to media, CLP leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the ruling government in the state, the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) is the one to take the lead. There is no longer any peace in the state.
Shillong: The North East Students Organization (NESO) led by its Chairman Samuel Jyrwa has met with the Defense Minister of India Rajnath Singh and held a meeting between the NESO and the Ministry of Home Affairs. It is not necessary to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language under the Fifth Schedule.
Since the beginning of the protest which started from 10 am to 4 pm, the government has not responded to the Sengbhalang, nor has it called for talks with them to discuss if it cannot be implemented. They demanded that they leave and have to meet again to announce more protests.
They also ask questions slowly, and have to be careful to answer, let it be their job.
“Sometimes even the leaders of the District Council are misled or not.
He said that it is expected that next year, the stone and painting work will start in some parts of the road.
Referring to the KSU's opposition to the implementation of the UCC in the state, he said the central government's intention to implement the UCC is the only goal of ensuring that India is a Hindu State.
Regarding the road from Nongpoh-Umden to Sunapur, the Chief Minister said that it will be completed soon.
Blessed are those who have studied and known this one truth.
However, it is only 23 kilometers, and we have not seen the beginning of it,” he said.
At the meeting, DC West Karbi Anglong informed about the approval of the Karbi along with the condition to cut down the tree seedlings planted by the Lapangap residents.
Shillong: The Congress MDC from Mylliem constituency, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the new Executive Committee led by Teinwell Dkhar as CEM will be a weak EC. The Congress will sit in the opposition and will not shake the EC, but will take part as the opposition and he said the time will come when the Congress will take over the ruling party.
The dark ones don't know how to keep their dignity when they drink.
Nongstoin, Nailur 13: The Nongstoin Butcher & Social Welfare Organization (NWSO) has announced that it will not hesitate to increase the price of pork from T.230 to T. .250 per kilo and the price of T.120 to T.130 per kilo.
Bah JG Rynñiaw said that on his part, he has no death for the NPP party, as it is the party that can lead the state.
“Regarding the Covid-19 pandemic, they have all the power and resources to help the people get vaccinated.
Pynursla Police Station said the truck was heading from Pynursla to Shillong.
Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, besides explaining to the public her objectives, which is to provide the best service to the people of the village, she also urged the people to give their support. NPP candidate and when she becomes MP, the people will see those changes in the villages and especially in this area, which is one of the border villages between the state. Meghalaya and Assam.
In these decades, although we have mined and earned money from coal, oil and other forest products, we have not been able to build proper sports grounds or establish large and strong football teams. that is the treasure we have accumulated.
On the part of the Wahehshnong Brichyrnot, Bah Stanly Masar, he said that the villagers themselves have no objection to the public hearing and 100 percent of the villagers have given their support. He said that the neighboring villages like Khaddum, Pandare, Lumshnong and Tongseng villages have not any objection and they have also given their support to this public hearing. Green Valliey Industries Ltd, expressed its appreciation for the participation of these neighboring villages and civil society groups in this public hearing.
Shillong: Regarding the BGB troops' blockade of the road construction in Muktapur village, Bah Kmen Myrchiang, Secretary of the CCIB, said that the road construction was not informed by the authorities. The villagers have asked the BSF to move their camp farther away for the construction of a village road in the area.
We feel that this is a shame and disgrace to Nongstoiñ and the children,” said Bah Wanphai.
There will be a variety of competitions and participation from various schools in East Jaintia Hills District.
The HANM leader from Jaintia Hills said that the HANM has also taken up the issues related to the problems of young job seekers related to the call for examination by the DSC for the post of LDA in East. Jaintia Hills, “We have sent an RTI to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills and we are waiting for a reply. HANM. Shaniah said that recently there was an examination at the DSC for the post of LDA in which 50 applicants were present but only one candidate passed. “It's a good idea, but the questions are really difficult,” he said.
Police have recovered 34 grams of heroin hidden in Golden tins from the bodies of the suspects. Police have recovered 41 grams of heroin from their residence. Heroin.
Through the CSC, citizens can register for Government schemes including the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana (PM-GKY)-a scheme to assist the poor, women without bank accounts. The Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) scheme was launched.
“My intention to resign is to allow others,” said Mawtyllup. He added that although he has resigned, he will support any candidate who wins the ticket from The HSPDP has given its full support to the party in this mid-term election.
Ostranic also recalled the difficulties faced by the KSU during the struggle against the CAA where the KSU lost a strong member in Ichamati in In 2021, the police have raped the life of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkiew, in 2022, the police have raped the life of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkiew. “We don't know what will happen in 2023,” he said. “We don't know what will happen to us in 2023,” said Mukroh. Our nation, we firmly believe that the presence of young people who will protest from time to time, who stand for the cause and rights of the nation will have hope because a nation that moves is a nation kaba im"Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew also gave a speech on the occasion. He urged the office bearers of KSU Huroi to follow the rules and regulations of the KSU Huroi. ) of the party and urged them by saying “when you become a full member of the party you should also know the principles of the party”.
Who is responsible for doing such things? Who is involved in stirring up bloodshed? he questioned.
He said that Meghalaya is a state working in the Sixth Schedule and therefore the state government has no authority to challenge the rights of the villagers in the state, especially when the Land does not fall under the jurisdiction of the State Government and therefore the law relating to land is the right of the villagers.
For example, the Government of Meghalaya on April 23, 2020 has increased the VAT on petrol by Rs 17.6 per liter which is 31 per cent.
The development of the country depends on the strength and skills of the youth in all fields.
The donations to these groups are Rs 50,000 to SEED Jhalupara, Rs 50,000 to Harijan Community Welfare Society 29 Cantonment Anjalee Area, Rs 30,000 to Five Star Club Mynsain, Lumparing, Rs 30,0 30,000 to the Nepali Sahitya Parishad Jhalupara, 30,000 to the Lumparing Women's Cultural Society, 30,000 to the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya, 20,000 to the Taxi Welfare Association Laban Last Stop and 20,000 to the Symbol. of Sneh Society, Shillong.
The complainant pointed out that even after issuing orders in this regard, which includes one ordered on July 21, 2023, there has been no step taken by the NHAI to Inspect the tunnel at Sonapur on both sides.
Police also seized a demand letter and seal from these GNLA members. These members were ordered by the GNLA leaders to distribute demand letters in Tura and Rongram.
Have each of us, who have reached the age of understanding and intelligence, ever wondered why these evil deeds occur in a society that has violated the value of human rights? and until the glory has declined so much that it seems that the law of God and the law of man are no longer there? From time to time, there are cases of theft, robbery, murder, fraud, rape and violence against women and children.
Pangñiang said that there is a Raidmynsaw Upper Primary School in Langpih which has been established by Raidmynsaw for a long time.
It was on the 29th of this month that a clash between the two sides broke out over the attempt to bring Pandit Bhattacharjee into the temple in the presence of police.
The Congress party has proposed to the state leaders, chief ministers and members of the Working Committee to elect a new leader in envelopes sent to the party leaders in Delhi. , have the names of Mallikarjun Kharge, Sushil Kumar Shinde, Digvijaya Singh, Kumari Selja, Mukul Wasnik, Sachin Pilot and Jyotiraditya Scindia.
However, this run did not last long as the wickets were lost in the hands of Arbin and Symper's expectations came to an end.
However, he said she was found this morning from Lumshyiap (Golflink area) with her boyfriend.
HDR Lyngdoh said that the District Council Affairs Department will provide information soon before he takes any action.
“That's how the drawing is false, because the biggest key to the Secretariat belongs to Conrad and Prestone.
Shillong, March 01: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has strongly criticized the stinginess of the state government in the agriculture department, until it has appointed one director of up to three departments in the state.
So far, 5,08,953 cases have been reported, 1,97,387 are still infected, 2,95,881 have recovered and 15,685 have died. .
“During the elections, they threatened the Congress leaders and this affected the party in the elections,” Sangma said in reply to a question in the Budget Session in the House on Tuesday.
“Why if the Act of Mylliem Hima and Nongstoiñ Hima can work, what is the problem with the District Council?” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
The union expresses its gratitude to the Dorbar Dong Lum Balang for taking action in this regard.
There is also another sign on the wall, demanding ILP, near these bullets.
The celebration of Ram Navami is also the birthday of Lord Rama, who is one of the seven appearances of Lord Vishnu, on the Navami Tithi of Shukla Paksha in the month of Chaitra.
When the words “Mei” and “Pa” appeared, the words mimi, Mom, Dad and the urban school children appeared because the Khasi language had died from their own rympei. in English and in their own language they do not know anything.
However, the foreigner, who does not own a pharmacy shop in Iew Shallang, admitted that the visit to the schools was led by him and the other foreigners, who visited the schools, were They came from Dudnai and at that time there was a stir in the pharmacy until the people broke down the shop.
So we know that God gave Satan (Lucifer) only 3 years.
Just for the sake of personal gain, the buyer does not hesitate to rob small and large and violate the rules and regulations.
Shillong: Hundreds of trucks carrying illegal cattle to Bangladesh pass through the Upper Shillong road every day.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The Single Committee appointed by the High Court of Meghalaya headed by retired Justice BP Katakey has submitted its recommendations on the report submitted to the High Court. All the coal mines in the state, from those which have been abandoned after mining and those which are still mining illegally, should be buried or filled with soil.
Furthermore, to introduce the scheme for the Urkali Mawlangniang Road and to complete the construction of the District Jail which has been built on the Women's Road which has been abandoned until now.
However, until 2010, there have been many problems in the field of education which have affected the state and where will this lead to the future of education in the state? Perhaps the government rulers, management or governing bodies have forgotten to monitor the implementation of the report of the Kothari Commission and other committees to improve the quality of education, from primary, secondary, college and university. to promote teachers in various fields in society and to provide them with professional training and development in accordance with the National Education Policy.
“This upcoming dorbar mangtyngka also opens the way for them to discuss this issue but we cannot yet discuss what the Act says,” he added.
The road is 71 kms long from Shillong – Dawki which includes the four-lane road which is 15 kms long from Umshyrpi Bridge to Mylliem. to reach Rs 1,251 crore.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Rilang People's Development Council (RPDC) today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District. Mawkyrwat on the overpricing of rice allocated under the National Food Security Act, 2013 which is also a violation of this Act.
About 80 kickboxers have been selected to take part in the WAKO Cadets Junior & Senior Kickboxing Championship 2018 to be held in Kolkata from 2nd to 5th November
Himalaya said that the darkness came to the Congress party in 2018, after Prestone Tynsong left the party. “We have not lost hope and believe that 2019 is a sign of the Congress party for 2023,” said Himalaya.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Manipur 2-0 in the first match of the Ranji Trophy at Mangaldai, Assam on Saturday.
Indeed, there is an urgent need to amend this Reservation Policy which has been in force for 51 years, but we have to choose the path of law and understanding that instead of gaining, we will lose. pt.
These teachings echo the words of John Paul II Bd.
Earlier, speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh appealed to all the residents to be leaders in the struggle to make Meghalaya drug free and drug free. HIV/AIDS.At the same time, Bah Lyngdoh stressed on the need to create a heritage to contribute, build and develop the country.
Speaking as the chief guest at the Chad Sukra Festival of Seinraij Jowai at Iawmusiang on Sunday, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said, “We respect and respect the customs and traditions.
I ended up with the one who went to the cemetery, who was wearing PPE and he said, when we get close to your house, we will drive the car and when the car arrives I salute you and I say you will go well. to the door of God, you have worked hard to bring about the independence of our country”.
When asked by the Minister of Road Construction, UP Radhakrishnan, the Minister directed Ma Sniaw to answer and in his reply, he said, “Ka “The government has not suspended the road and the current budget is T.50 crore and the preparations are ongoing and the Planning Department will approve it before seeking funds from DoNER,” he said. minister.
Shillong, June 2: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has allowed the KSU to hold a sleep march from Polytechnic, Mawlai to Jaiaw Shyiap-Lumpillon Community Hall on the 4th of June.
He said that now all the family members are living in Bhoi Rymbong in a grit on the property of his father.
He also rejected the demand that his father should resign because he said he was not involved.
We are the children of Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum, we are the descendants of Khyndai Bah Ryntieh.
According to estimates, the people of Assam (including the Khasi-Pnars) eat about 19 ounces of rice per day (including both large and small).
College Jowai on the premises of the Transport Department but unfortunately the department has rejected this proposal.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms. W Tariang, State Training Commissioner Guides, called upon the Recruit Rangers of Thomas Jones Synod College to do their duty with determination and determination.
In the process, he became the star of the club, scoring 672 goals in 778 games and winning 35 trophies. including 4 Champions League titles and 10 titles in the Spanish La Liga.
By this we know that we are living in the end times.
Shillong, July 16: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its deep sorrow and regret over the decision of the State Government to dismiss the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar. He has been serving the District for less than three years.
The Assam government has planned to turn Beltola into a Smart City and the traders from Assam have plans to turn the coal market into Meghalaya. which is the source of coal.
Ahab knew that there was a God of Israel, the living God, but he was led astray by his wife to worship idols. or the Judge of Israel? Elijah said, “I have not punished Israel, but you.
Vitamin C is one of the nutrients that can help in this regard.
Besides the Minister of Education, Rev. Fr. Derrick Pariat, President UUNEI who was the chief guest along with the students and teachers past and present.
John 1:11.
The petition has been submitted to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, in the past few months. The Additional Superintendent of Police of the district has followed up on this request from the Additional Superintendent of Police of the district.
It is not known whether the conversation between these two couples will lead to a reconciliation or whether it will lead to a breakdown of the relationship between the two; However, it is understood that West is still holding on to his decision to contest the presidential election, which is scheduled to be held this year.
A resident of Urkhli village said that the surprising thing is that since the groundwater mining started in the area, the children have been eating fish and there have been many kinds of fish like glans. A child in Urkhli village who receives water from the pipe and drinks it and in the evening he has ringing in his ears and until now for more than two months he has not received any snow.
In the second half of the match, thousands of spectators who came to witness the match and especially the teams that reached the final and those who They wanted not only to win the title, but also to win the cash prize of T.2 lakh.
At the reception of the body of (L) Archbishop Dominic Jala, not only the Catholic faithful but also the Catholic leaders including Fathers, Sisters, Catechists and Elders. Lakmen Rymbui, East Shillong MLA, Nongpoh MLA, Mayral Born Syiem, MDC Balajied Rani and other district officials were also present. RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, together with believers from other churches, received the body of (L) Archbishop Dominic Jala.
Similar incidents were held across the Indian border today.
Shillong, November 01: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been elected as the CEM of the Khasi Autonomous District Council (KHADC) with the approval of the AICC and MPCC. The SNSBH would like to extend its special congratulations to all the Village Authorities from Rangbah Shnong, Waheh Shnong, Sordar Shnong, Dorbar Shnong, Village Unions and all the residents of Ri Khasi Jaintia who strongly supported the march on 30th March
The President of HANM Jaintia Zone, Bah Shaniahlang Suchen demanded that the government and NHAI should explain to the public why it is too late to repair the road. The government and the National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) have delayed the repair of the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District. The overcrowding of the road has caused traffic jam which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers. Sadly, there are also children and ambulance vehicles which have been stuck on the road. “It's been a long traffic jam, doesn't the government have any concern for the people,” said Bah Shaniahlang Suchen.
The Umling Sports & Cultural Club also won the Best Discipline Team award.
"I have met with foreign ministers from India, Australia and Japan, which are very powerful democracies and they have the The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is the biggest threat to the country.
Recently, it has been seen that many MDCs from other parties have joined the NPP and praised the party for not providing adequate services and for contesting many elections. issues that other parties have failed to address in the past decades.
Therefore, before that time comes, it is most important that we respect and protect the environment.
“As of now, we see that the Hima has started to take ownership by selling and buying land in Raid Marwet. “It's a house,” said Bah Dohtdong.
On the part of Thomas A Sangma, he praised the initiative announced by the Prime Minister which will help in the full implementation of this project.
Today, this writer, looked at the name of Phiba Sharai, in the morning, he can still see, but, in the evening, the name, has disappeared and can not be opened. .
On the other hand, Lykins was never charged in 2020 after the first child was heard.
Speaking to reporters at his office in KHADC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “We have already read the Acts 1954 and Act 1959 which we have improved. This is a trade that has not been monitored or enforced or implemented by the laws for the traders in the market. turn to public places on footpaths, at the corners of the streets, and in public places.
On this occasion, the President of the Shillong High Court Bar Association, VGK Kynta, who is also a former lawyer of the KHADC, said that the issuance of the Suo The charges against Bah Nongrum were based on the allegation that Bah Nongrum said that the decision of the judge had something behind it which was against the people.
The 26-year-old has never had the opportunity to lead the senior team and it is understood that he could play for Bangladesh in the away tournament.
This water is low in acid because it is collected and stored only after a day of rain.
Belgium will face Italy in the quarter-finals, while the Czech Republic will face Denmark in the quarter-finals of the European Cup.
Earlier, they had also rejected the invitation of the Director of DERT and NIOS officers to meet with them, saying that the meeting was just a word without writing and this is unreliable.
The Minister of Education also announced that the State Government will set up 39 more schools in the State and in these schools 40 teachers are required from each school.
For this reason, God calls people to repentance.
“Many schools, especially the science laboratory, have not been able to function properly due to the power outage,” said the Nongthymmai MLA.
Due to poverty, many children from rural areas have fled to the cities in search of food.
To protect yourself from this disease and to have strong bones, choosing foods rich in nutrients that can build is essential for the bones to function properly.
The competition was judged by Welborn Mynsong, a Khasi film tyngshop who is known by Paheh along with Badapbiang Mynsong and Bah Tensing Khongiong gave the welcome speech.
Even the reports of the Regional Committees are not transparent and the stakeholders have not been informed.
She was arrested by the police and in an interview with the police, she said that she wanted to go to meet her husband, but the police misunderstood and handed her over. She was handed over to her father, Ashok Jain and had to stay with her parents since the day she was handed over by the police.
They also urged the Minister to stop or reduce the import of foreign pigs into the market, as they not only cause the spread of African Swine Fever (ASF), but it also affects the pig farmers in the state.
The Meteorological Department said that rain will continue for 3-4 hours this evening and there will be winds of 30 to 40 kilometers per hour.
Asansol needs to be looked into again, and it needs to be done soon,” said Roy at Stage X. Burmese rice smuggled across the Bangladesh-India border.
“In India, there are many nuns who cannot even use mobile phones or cannot set up their personal emails to write letters to their loved ones.
With the support of independent MLAs and HSPDP MLAs, other political parties including the UDP, TMC, Congress, VPP and other parties, no longer have the majority to form the Government.
He said the Cabinet has decided to appoint a Special Investigation Team (SIT) with the DIG of Eastern Range to head the investigation according to the complaint lodged. .
The inspection was led by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Bah Bantei J. Kharshandi and Bah JF Lamurong. Umroi Nongrah together with the youth and residents of the village who protested against the coal mining which affects the river and the health of the people.
Khliehriat, July 28: The District Tuberculosis Office in Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the CSR Department of Star Cement Lumshnong Company today distributed food items to those suffering from tuberculosis. The program was held at the ground floor of Khliehriat CHC and the food items were donated by the CSR department of Star Cement Lumshnong.
Before the unification of religions there will be a reunification of the 41,000 Christian churches as the psalmist says in Psalm 151:4 “Among the wars there are many kinds of strife.
The issue of continuing the recruitment process will start soon which is a source of joy for the job seekers in the State.
On the government's approval of the Expert Committee, Batskhem said the party has already demanded that a time limit be set for the setting up of the Expert Committee, but the government officials have requested to allow them to think. .
He said the state government has also set up 104 Primary Health Centers and upgraded more than 1018 other health centers across Tripura.
Speaking to PIB Shillong, Kong Pyrngap expressed her happiness, saying, “I am happy and pleased to receive this recognition for my hard work and I have tried to give 100 percent. per cent from the beginning to the end of the year," also adding, "That it is rather difficult to give one hundred per cent but this has not deterred me from the hard work that has brought me to this limit to receive this award.
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has not yet appointed a new leader after the resignation of Teinwel Dkhar as CEM of KHADC. As the leader of the Parliamentary Party (PP), but many of his fellow MDCs in the UDA from the HSPDP, NPP and MDCs themselves, want to elect the leader of the UDA and not just accept anyone who comes. The UDP has been involved in the collapse of the old Executive Committee.
So they fled quickly into the field.
If they speak with dignity and respect, their leadership is also revealed, but if they speak like children, their character is also revealed.
The JHADC has informed the Governor recently in a meeting with him to demand a 50:50 share of mineral revenue from the State Government.
You should expel him from school, because he stole our clothes.
Blue Bomber's FC has won the 2023 Invitation Knockout Football Tournament 2023 organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club.
Biswa took three wickets for 27 runs, Elchiang Ch Momin 2/8 and Aditya Singhania 2/1
At the same time, he said that the people of Mulum village are also active in any program they receive from SURE and that is why the works are progressing.
In addition, the High Court said that it is clear that the owners of coal mines operating in the state are small and all their activities are run by kingpins who may not be in the state. this state.
Shillong: There have been 113 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 173 recoveries and 3 deaths.
In all the land of Hynniewtrep, Talwiar of Sohpetbneng, We are the children of Hynniewtrep by one name.
The reason why these leaders of the KSU, North Khasi Hills and Northern Border Area have appointed the SP of Ri-Bhoi District is on the grounds that they have received many complaints from the passengers. They suffered many hardships when they went to Assam.
Looking around the district, it was found that there are only a few people who have understood and respected the environment by planting trees around their gardens.
The Engineer said, “Yes, you are right.
When he went to Mikir Hills of Assam to campaign for the Hill State elections, he gave a lecture in Karbi.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the people should not listen to the explanations of outsiders, but the village has its own stories since ancient times.
The Enforcement Directorate team on Thursday conducted raids in many cities of Bihar and other places, including the residences of Yadav's family members and those of party leaders. RJD, in connection with the allegation that they were involved in earning unjust wealth on the basis of an incident which resulted from the sale of land for the purpose of employment to employers.
The union urges the UGC not only to inspect CMJ University but to conduct an inspection of all private universities in the state so that incidents like CMJ University will not happen in other universities and more. If such incidents happen again in other schools, the students will be the most affected.
In a statement sent by Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary, the HNLC said, “The bringing of the MCCL The state government to shut down the MCCL permanently is just a political job.
The owner of a shop at Stand Taxi Jaïaw in Motphran has had to send for the employees because he does not agree to fire them after they have worked with him all the time.
The mobile phone reduces the cost of traveling to meet people with the availability of this phone even if there are people we want to talk to in other states or countries of the world we can to talk through this phone for business and other mobile needs.
On receiving the incident, East Jaintia Police have arrested the husband of the woman, Lendu Bushan Das (24) of Karimganj, Assam.
It is a village where the inhabitants live and earn their living from the port on the Salzach River.
MUDA Secretary E Khar Malki said the Supreme Court has postponed the hearing to March 6 due to lack of time.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Shillong Lajong FC will continue their I-League campaign against Inter Kashi from Uttar Pradesh today at 7 pm. SSA Stadium, Shillong.
The Swimming Pool is able to heat the water so that visitors do not feel the cold weather.
Rida painted.
Because in the end it will be a gift from us, not a receipt,” said Bah Ardent.
Bollywood actor Salman Khan will take part again in Bigg Boss
Now we have reached 50 years, and it is only this government that has taken action and decision to resolve this issue completely.
Its scientific names are also Chrysanthemum roseum and Chrysanthemum cinnaratioefolium, two species of pyrethrum that are cultivated.
There are two of my friends who stopped going to school a long time ago but are still reading.
After the injection, she suddenly fell ill and was rushed to Thoubal Hospital, where she died.
AB Group 125+20 = 145, State Battalion 500 + 40 = 540, handy man 13+5 = 18, Rider 2+1 = 3, Driver 81+2 = 101.
Boys under 16 years of age born on or before 01/09/2008 to 31/08/2
“It's like they're spoiling the image of the newspaper and the author, it shows that MCMC is biased,” said Disparsing Rani. at Shillong Press Club.
Nongpoh, Nailur 27: The relatives and village authorities of Iewmawlong Village today buried the remains of a young woman who was killed by her husband yesterday. on the first day of the month at Pahamsyiem village in Ri Bhoi District.
Therefore, she appeals to all the students and the public without exception to join hands to bring about health by refusing to say 'Yes to smoking'
With the intention of bringing peace to the people, it is illegal and the punishment for such persons is 3 years imprisonment without bail.
He also built roads to Jaintia Hills, four lane road in Ri-Bhoi and others.
The employees of those under the CMA have received a salary increase of Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 besides arrears especially those working in large trade unions like INTOP and ITOP and so on while here they have not received that.
But without doubt with a spirit of knowledge and participation we can rescue each other from despair, we can heal the sick and we can give back a full and rich life to the rich, the poor, the day laborers and the villagers.
I don't want to criticize these issues, but the action has dropped too much and forced me to speak publicly,” said the TMC leader. The President of the JD(U) today said that there is no power in the world that can take away the special status and warned the people not to be misled. and these are the ways in which you speak.
In another sign of his commitment to the cause, Prime Minister Duh inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of projects in Somnath, Gujarat, including the Somnath Promenade, Somnath Exhibition Centre. , and the rebuilding of the temple precinct of the old (Juna) Somnath.
Basaiawmoit said that when organizing such events, the organizers have to know everything from the stage fee, the prize money to the winners and many other requirements.
The incident occurred at 12 noon.
“Without these stable measures, the implementation of the NEP in the colleges affiliated to NEHU will be meaningless and will only bring suffering and destroy the future of the students. in the 1st Semester,” said Prof.Kma.
It is clear that this person is a religious leader and if such leaders are religious there will be a time when they will say or accept that Meghalaya is a Hindu State or an Islamic State. there it will reach the limit of bloodshed from the work of persecution in the name of religion.
“Although other political parties have intensified their election campaign by shaking hands with the NPP-led MDA Government, but on my part, I have convinced them by showing the development works that He said that he is confident that the NPP will win the upcoming MLA elections and the party will form the government alone. without the support of other parties, as has been the case for the past five years.
This program is part of ensuring that the residents of the border areas receive quality health care and on this day more than 200 patients received treatment from doctors of BSF and Community. Health Center, Mahendrganj.
Distance from others : This is more common among adults as well as children, but it can be distinguished.
At the same time, she urged the Village Leaders to re-implement the Community Covid Management Committee or Behavioral Change Management Committee Team and the Village Leaders and Market Inspectors to monitor them. market visitors in compliance with the government's directives.
He said that the construction of 10-kilometre roads in the heart of Shillong and the advertising of 20 roadsides has cost more than T.50 crore.
The HSPDP has decided to reaffirm its initial decision to expel Fenela from the party. “From now on, the HSPDP has nothing to do with Fenela,” said the statement. At the same time, the HSPDP Mawthadraishan elected a new office bearer with Tuberlin Lyngdoh as President, Secretary Grossper Ryntathiang and other office bearers.
Immunity and inflammation are associated with the rainy season, when diseases such as malaria are more widespread.
“The khlong also threw me into the car to escape,” said Mohon.
The search for the bodies in Ksan is still ongoing and the CIL has started pumping water again from this evening until 5 pm today which lasted 36 hours and has been able to recover 4860000 liters of water. while KSB has pumped 6336000 liters of water for 32 hours and Kiloskar has pumped 2880000 liters of water.
The youth now ask questions, express their opposition and join hands with others to speak and do something on issues that affect the country, the nation or the society.
" The Father said.
Syiem made a quick save for Mawpdang and later managed to take the ball back near the goal.
What I remember best if I'm not mistaken was in
“If the money we have to pay is wasted to pay to those people only for your own benefit and only for the benefit of your own party to encourage the parties that have to support The government is something we don't like and don't agree with,” said Bah Roy.
Shillong, March 31: The President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the cooperation between the HSPDP and the UDP cannot end in cooperation, but can lead to the goal of achieving peace. one if the situation so leads.
At present, the factory has been expanded and is almost completed and all that remains is to install the machines to produce more food items per day.
According to a notice issued by the Political Department, the Committee has been given time to send its recommendations to the Government within six months from the date of issuance of this notice.
Expressing his condolences on the passing away of Bah Standling, the Minister said that the State has recognized Bah Standling as one of the great men who has made a great contribution to the constituency and the State as a whole.
In the Under-14 (Boys), Lumpyntuh SS, Laishnong HSS, HK Singh Memorial SS and RC Eve SS won.
Here in Khasi and Jaintia, when we talk about religion, we say.
Besides, if the police, FST, SST receive information that there is a large amount of money in any place or house, they will surround the house and bring people from the Income Tax to enter and destroy the house and the Income Tax will do all the necessary.
Halen Nongtdu, a youth from Byndihati, East Jaintia Hills District, who was appointed as the first Youth Ambassador in 2021, is the first Youth Ambassador from India. Mumbai City-FC on Saturday honored the Hero Indian Super League (ISL) footballer Bataw Youth Welfare Sport Club. tlem, that's right.
We will come back to it and end up in trouble.
In another incident, a 14-year-old youth named (L) Mario Thongni from Nongmallang village has drowned in the Kynshi River. The Search & Rescue Team is conducting a search operation for the body of the deceased.
According to a statement from Bah J.Kharit Secretary Campaign for Change, the CFC is a competition for all sectors including farmers, youth, drivers, day laborers and others. The meeting will be held at Nongstoiñ Market from 11:00 pm onwards.
Lieutenant Governor of Jammu & Kashmir Manoj Sinha also expressed his condolences over the deaths of the four soldiers and said, “I am deeply saddened by the deaths of these soldiers in the tragic incident. happened in Poonch.
He said the political situation in the state is stable and free of conflict except on occasion.
The news has shocked many, including the employees of the Excise Department, who have been shocked by the market.
With the initiative of the KSU and BVKJWO, the Assam Forest Department has taken the initiative to conduct a thorough investigation and warned that it will punish those involved in crossing the border into the farmland of the Khasi-Pnar people.
“This is unacceptable and should be condemned by all,” said the HYC. “To improve the infrastructure for the people and for the development of the state is the responsibility of the state. before any government.
It is to be recalled that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, recently said that the government has handed over to the office of the DC and Chief Secretary, for the purpose of finding ways and means to open the market and the road.
M. Marak, one of the leading leaders of the Mothers Union Ukiam Area.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Karate athletes of the Meghalaya State Karate Federation (MSKDF) under the leadership of Rajop Kharmudai and Sumar Merelin Warjri have won medals for the state. The 17th All Independence Cup International Karate Championship 2023 was held at Talkatora Indoor Stadium, New Delhi from 11th to 13th July.
I am very grateful for your information which shows your concern for our country, and I cannot pay for it.
“We are not against any development works, but we should inform the village authority and seek permission from the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong because the land belongs to the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong,” said the Khanduli Waheh Shnong.
We have to look at developments that will go hand in hand with the peace and stability of our fellow citizens.
Another decision was on the proposal to implement the Covid Appropriate Behaviors (CAB) and fines will be imposed on those who violate the rules in public places.
On the other hand, Bah Laitphar Singkrem, President of KSU West Jaintia, said, “The residents of Block-I who have suffered many attacks by the Assam police and the Karbi community have taken advantage of these residents. village.
The closure of the dam is due to the fact that there are those who have been infected with covid-19 and others who have been in close contact with others who have been infected.
Shillong, July 15 : The Pnar residents of Baikam village on the border with Assam want to return to Meghalaya after the border settlement.
The bombing, tiing and prosecution of members of the party under various provisions of the law is like setting fire to a dead body.
Ardent said that the VPP's public explanation of its position in the first Wat will be held only at three meetings and “if the government accepts our demand we will go back. I have no doubt that if the government does not listen to our suggestions, the streets will be filled with people who will protest with the party.
Therefore, there is no reception in our state.
If you don't have a strong thma, you don't have a strong sense of humor, don't be afraid because you don't have faith in them.
Recently, Bah Shylla, former government minister and former CEM of KHADC, joined the UDP to contest the mid-term MDC election from Nongkrem.
“The pata is not the right to own the land but the confirmation that it has been issued for several years and this has shown that they are not the owners but the Hima Mylliem. “There has been an agreement in the past few years between the Hima Mylliem and the state government and there is also the government's payment to the Hima that as of now this land belongs to the government,” he added.
In Shillong, no rainfall has been reported in the last 24 hours.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that he will find out the reason why even after 17 years, the peace talks between the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLAC) and the National Liberation Council (NLF) HNLC) and the Government of India remain in place to this day.
Speaking to media, Bah Gigur said that regarding the factories in Shallang, he said that the factories do not belong to the MLA, it belongs to the MLA. directly to the government department, the government department has given the license and as a representative he cannot interfere with anything.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the mining of coal in the state according to the technology will start in the near future.
The role of Syiem Longshai was taken by Banjop Leo Kharmalki, who gave himself so much that he did not hesitate to play the injured roles with the intention of becoming an example in the field of Khasi dance in the state.
Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang was also present as the chief guest in the presence of Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning, Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC Umsning, Bah B Nongkynrih District. Tourist Officer, Paiem Wanphrang Syiem Sirdar Nongpoh Elaka and other dignitaries in the presence of RBTEDF leaders including Bah Plielad Tiewsoh Chairman and others. Orange.
Shillong Soccer Scout scored the first goal through Newbirthson Syngkli in the 33rd minute.
After the second half, both the teams tried to play hard.
“In West Jaintia Hills, the positivity rate is 33 percent which is two or three times higher than the statewide average of 12.09 percent and East Jaintia Hills 9 percent. “But we will not count sting until the outbreak reaches a safe level,” he said.
He said all the employees in the union are casual, contractual and others.
The union also doubts that the government will not meet the needs of the hospital, because everything has been waiting for it to be opened but now even the equipment that has been specially used and which is here has been stolen. Now.
So far, 35,902 people have been infected and 15,266 have recovered.
There are more than 17 lakh voters in the state and the election commission expects that by the end of this year, they will reach more than 18 lakh.
Meghalaya has received 1 state.
Therefore, it is very important for us to understand the causes, the symptoms and the farmers, full vaccination and understanding as this is essential to ensure the health of humans and animals.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Umbuda, Bah CB Syiem, expressed his gratitude to all those who took part.
The Nongkrem constituency MP said that if the government does not take action to suspend the roster system and review the reservation policy, they will go to the people and this will be the case. it was the day they started.
Speaking at the meeting, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar said that the relationship between the UDP and the NPP is like a father and mother and he personally believes that (L) Dr Donkupar Roy is like a father. He urged the people at these meetings to support and win the election to be held on the 21st of this month.
She has 5 children, 2 sons and 3 daughters, 28 grandchildren, 55 great-grandchildren and one great-grandchild.
He said that in a meeting with the DC of East Jaintia Hills, it was agreed to allow 60 trucks to be transported under the banner of JHTOA per day, but they receive only 15 trucks per day. ten days.
Conrad received 13655 votes, Momin 5235, John Leslee (IND) 2211, Chris Kabul A Sangma (IND) 897 and NOTA
Shillong received 14.0mm of rainfall and Umiam received 11.9mm of rainfall, the Meteorological Department said.
In the Under 19 Girls (single), Angenora Monin won the title and in the Under 19 Boys Doubles, Pratham Majumdar and Raynell Kharbuki became the winners.
Robin Chettri took three wickets while Rakesh Thakur took two wickets for Raj Bhavan.
According to information received, in fact, the MLAs against Mukul Sangma had held a meeting at the residence of Bah DD Lapang on Saturday but many MLAs did not attend after receiving this news. that the AICC chief was assigned a task and the meeting had to be adjourned.
The cost of the construction of this office will be T.9.41, 78,000 crore which has been handed over to the MGCC and is scheduled to be completed in
Business Today reports that the tax will be the highest in the world.
The Government has set a target that all citizens of the country from children to women should have access to adequate nutrition to build immunity and maintain a healthy body.
This is enough, but the government authorities, MLAs and MDCs should also provide more assistance to this village, in order to preserve the glory of the tourists from all over the country.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sunshine Makri, who has also decided to contest the 2023 elections, said that joining the UDP is the wish of the people who have come. Thousands of people also gave their full support to the UDP party which is also expected to lead the government in the upcoming elections.
“Don't say that Rida, this is part of life.
“The Dohmasi Traders Association, Jaintia Hills together with the Dorbar Shnong Demthring has strongly warned that if such traders or truck drivers are found smuggling dead cows, they will have to be investigated and handed over to them. “They are in the hands of the law,” said Ryngkhlem.
m.
Throughout the world, farmers are known to everyone as the source of income and livelihood.
Carmel said that the Bill is too restrictive for the Rangbah Shnongs in which they have to act according to the rules of the bill, which means that if there are other duties the RSs have no authority.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The State Government has sent a letter to the Central Government not to allow the erection of signs near the Zero Line on the India-Bangladesh border.
Referring to the Gaming Act, the Minister said that the government has introduced this Act to curb the number of vacant gaming parlors which have existed for decades.
Arles Rymbai is a young Christian from Moobakhon Presbyterian Church.
Researchers at Jain Narain Vyas University have confirmed this by discovering fossils of insects that live only in tropical forests.
The Minister said that the easiest way is to ensure that the existing airport will be more adequate by extending the runway and provide equipment that can help land larger aircraft.
Germany beat Costa Rica 4-2 in Group E. Yeltsin Tejeda scored the first goals in the 58th minute. Manuel Maneuer, who scored the first goal in the 70th minute.
“It is a happy day to be able to fulfill the long-standing aspirations of the residents,” said the Chief Minister.
He told them that they should not be discriminated against even though they are despised in the world. “You should not be ashamed of yourselves. I am an MLA too,” said Sanbor.
It is necessary for us to wake up especially in the villages where there are no other ethnic groups outside MEI INDIA so that we can become self-employed and poor in our own villages and we should not be bought by them. THE LOVE OF WEALTH and THE LOVE OF WEALTH AND POWER, but let us take care of our land, fields, rice fields, BRI KI BSAH which are our Nongkynti so that they will not be taken away by other foreign Indians. you are my KHASI country.
Star Cement plans to increase its production from 9 lakh tonnes per annum to 25 lakh tonnes per annum.
Due to the uncertain situation in Manipur due to ethnic tensions between the people of the state and the Meitei, the Chief Minister of the State has convened another meeting on Saturday to find out what happened. which is not responsible for the return of students.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The turnout for the 2023 MLA election in Meghalaya has reached 85.25% in 59 constituencies.
The Government's initiative to introduce this issue to encourage those who have the ability to work to engage with the youth in terms of employment opportunities and training will be a great way for the youth.
Regarding the demand of the KSU, he said that the Chancellor has promised to accept the demands of the KSU. Khasi students and also to provide free education for those students who come from low income families.
Therefore, the completion of this tournament will be the opening of a new chapter for the Girls Football Tournament in the state. SSA, like the boys, perhaps the girls of the state will be able to achieve the goal of promoting women's football in the region or even in front of the country as a whole.
Robertjune said that Metbah has already written to the Prime Minister on this issue and an all party delegation will go to the party. to Delhi, he will leave it to the discretion of the Prime Minister.
The bikes stolen from Assam were sold to Meghalaya and those from Meghalaya were sold to Assam through used car dealers.
BSF troops from the Mobile Check Post, Rattachera, who were monitoring the movement of a truck, stopped the vehicle coming from Kalain (Assam) to Umkiang.
These include EKH: 11, RBD: 1, SWKH: 1, WJH: 5 and WKH:
The Jowai Municipal Board has tried to find land, but the department under the Urban Development Department has failed to get the land after it was alleged that the department has violated the procedures and intended to buy the land without approval. the public.
Shillong: The Unitarian Youth Union of North East India (SSUUNEI) has postponed the 67th Annual General Assembly of the Union of Myanmar (USU) as a precautionary measure to prevent the spread of COVID-1 Conference scheduled to be held on the 4th and 5th June, 2020 at Puriang and the dates to be held again will be announced later.
:The new Khasi song, “Jingieit ka pynshoh biej”, is from the upcoming film, “Kheiñduh” and is composed and composed by Jose. Life.
“If you go to the villages of Pynursla, most of the residents are dependent on the cultivation of kwai and tympew but it is sad to say that these farmers do not receive support from the new government. to improve their income,” he said.
You shall not associate with anyone who has a fever or chills.
They said that there are many children of Raid Marwet who can take over the position because they don't want other foreigners to take over the position of Khaddar in Raid Marwet, but the owners of Raid Marwet. They have requested the Hima Mylliem to listen to the request of the children of the Raid, in which they have expressed that they have no ethnic differences but to take over the post of Khaddar. They are the owners of Marwet because these villages are under the jurisdiction of the Raid Marwet.
How do we do all of this given the circumstances of our governance structures and business models? An essential component of economic development is the good management of education.
When she arrived at the hospital, she complained of difficulty in breathing, rheumatism and later was diagnosed with covid-1
Shillong: The Shillong Chamber Choir, once again entertained the audience at the 90th session of the Interpoll General Assembly, which was attended by more than 120 countries from all over the world. of the world.
Khana bbteng When Lanosha's mother inquired about their relationship, Kongthei Daplin immediately said, “You don't know anything about it because you don't know the beginning and the end. ..." She said with a smile. Kongthei Daplin's appearance surprised Lanosha's mother.
They will host 48 matches of the ODI World Cup from 5th March to 19th November this year.
The Secretary of the Village Employment Committee Jalyiah, Bah SDkhar, said that the IVCS had registered on 4th June 2021 with only 360 members. The group has raised money and lent money to its members to improve each other. The funds available have reached T2 ,25,000 (twenty-one lakh two hundred thousand tyngka) and the amount loaned is still T.6,22,000 tyngka (seven lakh hundred and twenty thousand). you grow you par.
October 2019?.
In another incident, a man named Plielad Dohtdong has lodged a complaint with Mawlai PS that on the 13th of this month at 9:30 pm, people in a Maruti Dezire ML-05G-9866 was abducted from Mawiong, Shillong and shot and beaten inside the vehicle, but he said that he managed to escape.
The purpose and objective of the establishment of this department is to provide emergency assistance to the poor households in Bataw Village when they face emergency needs. assistance such as in sickness and so on.
The reasons for the JNC's opposition are that even the JHADC has not been able to pass strong laws to protect the property of the indigenous people and the Dorbar Shnongs do not have such authority through the State Government or ADCs to prevent and control the entry of foreign authorities.
''You're a hot Big Bang.
He will arrive in the United States on October 15,
The suspect was identified as Albin Nongrum, 45, resident of Spengthawlangmlah village in New Nongstoin. West Khasi Hills.
If we count the number of MLAs in the MDA 2.0 government, the NPP, which will have 28 MLAs, has only the support of two HSPDP MLAs, two Independent MLAs and There are 34 MLAs in the BJP and therefore Conrad K Sangma does not need the 11 MLAs of the UDP. and to give space to the MLAs.
And nothing should be done because of air pollution, no one can set limits.
Ardent said that the VPP does not condemn those who earn money by their own efforts, the VPP praises such people but the VPP will not allow those who earn money by robbing them. public.
“This is a lie not only to the people, the teachers, but also to the MLAs who have promised lies only in the House,” said Bah Shangpliang.
He also wrote to Modi that doctors are shocked by Ramdev's statement that 10,000 doctors have died even after being injected. The owner of Patanjali, Ramdev, said that thousands of people have died due to the ineffectiveness of foreign and counterfeit drugs. doctors.
“The purpose of our meeting with the Governor is because this order of the government is a conflict between the two powers empowered by the Constitution of India,” he said. The KHADC will convene a meeting with the Chief Executive Members of the Courts in their jurisdiction.
To surprise mankind before the precious time passes.
On receiving the information, police rushed to the scene and no casualties were reported.
After the incident, members of the HYC informed the Jhalupara Outpost Police to come and witness the incident. The General Secretary of the HYC said that when the Jhalupara Police arrived at the scene, They refused to do anything and said that the land belongs to Laban Police Station. At that time, he said that the leaders of the union had informed Laban Police Station but later he said that the land belongs to Laban Police Station. When the OC of Mawngap Outpost arrived, Mawlong said that in the meeting with the Jhalupara Police, they refused to do anything because they admitted that it is no longer the place. They rushed to Jhalupara, but later the leaders of the outfit took some plastic bags, heavy bags of sugar, medicine books and took them to Laban Police Station. to show to the police.
Part Four Therefore, be careful in speaking and avoid bad words or harsh words because they can increase your enemies around you, will weaken your strength and will hurt your spirit.
At the same time, police also seized T4500, Identity Card, Epic, Adhar, Driving License, Pan Card, e-SHRAM. The Raid Nongkharai on Saturday held its 12th Dorbar Pyllun to discuss the welfare of the Raid and the children of the thousands within the Raid. Longsan, Masan, Rangbah Shnoing and Village Leaders from 15 Villages under Raid Nongkharai, Khad-ar Lyngdoh, Nongpoh District in Ri Bhoi District.
He said it is surprising that the police have not been able to see and seize hundreds of cows smuggled to Bangladesh these days.
However, when asked about the documents, the Supervisor said that all the necessary documents are not available, as they have been kept at the Head Office.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 93228 out of which 91189 have recovered and 1566 have died.
“We have urged that within 24-48 hours, we expect the DCs to be able to complete these assistance to the families affected by these natural disasters,” he said. state.
On the health sector, education, he said that as the leader, he will monitor the condition of the existing health centers such as CHCs, PHCs and Sub Health Centres.
As the children of the country we should and we need to know and we need to understand that this song 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi' which we are using now as our patriotic song has nothing to do with that song. John Robert's English.
The dates for the consideration of Forms 6, 7, 8, 8A and the dates/times and places can be obtained from the Booth Level Officers.
This dai moong can be mixed with other seed foods to make it rich for you. This is what can prolong your health and can also improve your blood pressure: This dai is rich in antioxidant spirit.
The court said that although the government has submitted many reports and the plaintiff insisted that there is still a lack of inspection of trucks carrying excessive loads on the roads in the state, you have not yet received any changes.
The number of cases has risen to 6,557 and the total number of cases in the country has risen to 53,5
How long shall we despise our rivers and our wells? Shouldn't the people be responsible for restoring all our rivers? Isn't this the duty of the Rangbah Shnongs to prevent the residents from throwing garbage into the river? Let us think publicly that soon we will not have even drinking water.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that so far 6565 residents have returned to the state and all of them will have to undergo quarantine in their respective villages. .
This will be followed by two matches against Australia A. Furthermore, the national team will play its opening match away on the 18th of June at before returning to her rematch on the 20th and 21st.
The Sein Raij Jowai invites and invites all the residents of the village to come and witness this unique Behdeiñkhlam as even the Aitnar has been improved through the Tourism Department of the State Government and hopes that it will be opened soon. I'm going to do it this year.
NEIAH was established to provide health services to the people of the North East and Sikkim in the fields of Ayurveda and Homeopathy.
He said that as a candidate who has always contested the election, they will follow him in this mid-term MDC election to support the NPP candidate. but I hope that my followers and others will give their support to the candidate I support,” said Mighter.
The meeting was conducted by I.Pohktai PHN O/o DMHO, Jowai.
Especially in relation to the media, it is an area that needs to be taken seriously by the authorities as it is a matter that concerns the people themselves.
She urged the government to suspend the payment of light bill this month and to forgive this month's bill.
He also strongly criticized the social settlement of the border, as the Meghalaya government has complied with the Assam government.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said this while replying to a question by Shillong West MLA Paul Lyngdoh in the House.
However, the man said, “Go and sell coal, oil, mawshynrut, uranium, supply wood, rnga, cows...”Ah! of our thoughts, so that there will be no more problems and troubles?Good article.
J&K scored 296 runs for the loss of all wickets after Meghalaya failed to bat first and won the toss. They scored 63 runs for the loss of two wickets and tied again, still leading by 233 in the first innings.
We were in the process of how to move forward on the protest.
“We will start this work from next Sunday.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem and Bah Mission Tron as the chief guest, also gave advice to the youth and praised the Local Taxi Drivers Association. Besides the work of the public servants, they also have the spirit to promote the youth in sports.
Now – more and more scholars have emerged from the language of the thylliej, not even in writing (not even in writing, I know) who have received another name, Laitumkhrah. and the spirit came out of Laimo and Laimu.
In Assam, there are 24 new cases of Covid-19 and the total number of cases so far has risen to
The Nongstoin-Nongdaju to Darrengre Road has been affected by the landslide and the collapse of railway tracks.
You will also find that it is not uncommon for a child to speak rudely in front of adults and elders.
In order for this increase in the wage by the government, to be of full benefit to the people, the union urges the labor department to direct everyone to follow the wage increase, which was introduced by the government. The State Government and to inform the public through the media of the new price set by the Government for the information of all employees.
Tit is a fungus that breaks down the molecules around it and produces digestive fluids. enzymes), mycetism refers to the infection of humans by the introduction of bih into parts of the human body.
On the other hand, Pelina Pyrtuh, a khiew maker in Larnai, said that the buyers come to buy from home and often they cannot meet the demand.
In addition, with the increase in Cyber ​​Crime or fraudulent activities through Internet platforms such as OLX, we need to increase vigilance.
The Committee has summoned the Police, officers of the State Commission for Women, officers of the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights and other government departments to inquire about the progress of the investigation into the incident. an incident that has shaken the state.
There are 11 electoral votes in Massachusetts.
When they had finished drinking, Peter gave Rs.1000/- to the man.
Reports said that Bah Kimfa may join the NPP and contest the MLA election in
The decision was taken to appoint one volunteer to look after 50 households and half of these volunteers will be women.
He said that the 18.87 km railway line from Dudnoi to Mendipathar has been operational in the state.
When I don't like it, I speak out...maybe from the way I speak, from the way I express my feelings it doesn't impress the BJP leaders," he said.
To fight against corruption and discrimination in employment whether in Government or non-Government departments.
On Saturday morning, members of the Village Defense Party (VDP) from Am-ih Village erected a signboard warning against the movement of people beyond the area where the sign board was erected.
For more information, please visit the office website at 1 SOP for consent under the Water Prevention Control Act.
Along with the ban on the opening of shops, there was also a directive that all shops should follow the rules and regulations issued by the Hima Mylliem, but in the middle of the ban on the opening of these shops, the police The Syiem of Mylliem today ordered the closure of two Pusari shops in the middle of the market.
But with the eyes of a man or a woman, they thank themselves when they see it.
Shillong, November 06 : The awarding ceremony of the 102nd batch of Computer Trainees and the 41st Batch of Language Trainees was held on 4th November 2023 at the auditorium of the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre.
In honor of this young woman who has a special talent in arm wrestling, the Meghalaya People's Social Organization today gave her a blessing before she took part in the tournament. They also donated money to help this young woman who still needs a lot of support when she goes to take part in this competition abroad.
It is not that anyone has enslaved the Khasi, but we know that the Khasi has enslaved himself in the rngai which is the snaïap of wiar biej.
Russia has announced today that it will release a challenge film starring Russian actress Yulia Peresild, 36, and Klip Shipenko, , who is a prominent actor and director of the country.
“The basis, which the Sengbhalang says, is that we should not despise or forget the communities of the residents in the border areas, because they are the ones who have taken care of the land in these areas. 50 years"he added.
There are still many good ones, especially those who are still fighting even in the old parties.
All these words, though they have two words in one sentence, are understood to be one word; Therefore, in writing it is necessary to leave it as it is or to require a hyphen and that depends on the authority which should regard the Khasi language as a language of speech, reading and writing.
Narendra Modi is understood to want to give a bigger role to Amit Shah this time.
The fourth prize went to Ibapynkmenlang Lyngdoh.
The budget for 2023-24 is Rs 20,729 crore.
Shillong, June 21: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (AMC&SA) in its emergency meeting has strongly opposed the government departments like PWD, PHE, Health Engineering Department, Tourism, Fisheries and others. The contractors, however, have been awarded the contracts after the tender has been called.
These trucks pass through this road, to carry stones and violate the rules of PWD, because this road should carry only 9 tonnes, but the dumper trucks carry more than 20 tonnes and it is Therefore, there is a great hole in the middle of the road.
As NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU have come out to demand the removal of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Rohit Prasad, who has been allegedly appointed illegally, they should also continue to demand the removal of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU. Vice Chancellor to ensure the welfare of the students not only at Shillong Campus but also at Tura Campus.
Hopefullborn said the man had lodged a complaint against the Dkhars and the Jhalupara Beat House police had arrested them and taken them to Shillong Civil Hospital for post-mortem.
“Regarding this action of the Assam government, which has planned to cross the border by force inside the village, we cannot accept and we express our strong opposition, therefore we demand that the government “It is necessary for the state to take immediate action against the Assam border crossing into the village,” said Bah Bandary Ryntathiang.
The Court has directed the Government to focus on small hydel projects or any electricity generation projects especially as the State receives heavy rainfall and has areas where there is no power generation. implement small projects to meet the electricity needs of the villages implementing the projects.
“We understand that this is a big problem not only for the parents, students and school principals but also for the department because they have brought about changes this year," said Enlang.
They protested against the government to remove the Entry Tax Gate at Khanduli West Jaintia Hills District. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has been arrested since 15th June this year, which still falls within the border of Khanduli.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Meghalaya Board of School Education today announced the results of the Matriculation and Class XII Arts examinations.
Laribha Kyndait and Wailad Suting, residents of Sohmynting.
If anyone destroys himself, God will destroy him.—1 John 3:1
It will benefit our young people if we do so.
“The Assam police have not registered against them but the FIR has been filed by the Ranger of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, which has its own authority,” he said.
Smile helps to reduce these problems which are also related to mental illness.
Here, the people, especially those who have nothing, have spent tens of thousands of dollars to restart their livelihood.
Residents of Ramakrishna Mission tried to extinguish the fire with fire extinguishers and water and at 9 pm a fire truck arrived and managed to extinguish the tree.
Jowai, July 08: The Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament-2022 organized by the District Sports Officer, Jowai started on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. , Jowai.
However, it doesn't matter if others have difficulties or illnesses.
“We will meet again within the next two or three days to create the name of our protest group and announce the protests to force the government to implement the ILP,” said Bah Pyndap Saibon President of the ILP. KHNAM who was also the Convener of the meeting.
Meanwhile, the curfew imposed in parts of Lumdiengjri Police Station and Sardar Police Station, which has been in force since 8 am this morning, will continue until 6 am tomorrow.
Speaking to reporters, Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA, Victor Rani, MDC, together with the leaders of the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division Demanding Committee (PCSDDC), through Bah Esman Lyngdoh, extended their special greetings. Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of the State Government, because they feel that all this has happened, it is because of the spirit of helping the people of the Government and the Chief Minister.
Therefore, the family members and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to immediately collect the body which is now in the morgue of the hospital within three days from the date of issuance of this announcement. The body was handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation.
On the 16th of this month, police received a tip from the relatives of one of the victims, Jamor Ali, 35, that he, along with his driver, (L) Noor Ahmed and ( L) Zahidul Islam, 25 years old, left home on the evening of the 15th of this month to come to Meghalaya.
Every year, there are not less than 75 or 76 rots but this time only 2 rots, due to the covid 19 pandemic which has spread all over the world. Meghalaya has been affected by the floods and has not been able to hold the ceremony as usual.
On the resignation of two MDCs Latiplang Kharkongor and Process T Sawkmie, Pyndap said that no one can be forcibly arrested if they want to leave the party. Latiplang did not take the oath before the MDC election because at that time he was not allowed to participate while Process T Sawkmie did not take the oath not to leave the party. Fill.
She has made a name for herself since she won the Regional Championship in West Bengal.
It was also found that he had signed the names of the beneficiaries himself because some of the residents whose names were on the list as beneficiaries had not received any money or equipment.
However, if they are well dry, even if the temperature rises, they may not be able to do so.
According to a source sent by the Nongstoin District Sports Association, Khliehmawlieh SC will play against Nongthymmai SC in the first leg of the tournament. Bhoi District Sports Association.
Why do they dare to threaten...because they don't care about the people.
“We see the shortage of job opportunities and therefore we will discuss this issue whether with the Government or anyone else to make the youth of the area stand on their own feet,” he said. .
“The situation has improved and more security forces have been deployed to the area to maintain peace and order,” said Kong Warjri.
This has also happened after the State Government has decided to implement the recommendation of the High Level Committee (HLC) which submitted the report on 28th November
They were handed over to Purakahsia Police Station, West Garo Hills for further investigation.
DEE, TRD, RNY and Pankaj Pal were present on the occasion.
Others arrested include Ham Lytan, 41, Besty Sana and Sylvester Siangshai,
Bah Patrick Nongrum has been a leader who has been involved in many activities from physical education to khadar administration in the Dong and Shnong, and he has been a strong leader for the youth and especially for the residents. Shnong Laitumkhrah, I would like to express at this time that Bah Patrick Nongrum has been a leader in the Shnong whom we will never forget because he has been a true rangbah in the field of “a word of righteousness” he was ready to come out at any time for the Village, the Youth, and the Village.
The Smt.
Casein protein helps to prevent muscle loss.
In such a life of selfishness, without price there is nothing to be saved; don't even think about it.
“The BJP will clarify this Bill to educate the people to avoid being misled,” Sinha said.
The Sein Kur Shylla Khasi Jaintia will honor those who have passed the 1st division in SSLC and HSSLC and those who have passed PhD. state bad country.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Donald V Thabah said that the KSU has been suit la shor to look after the problems of the students in the Bri U Hynniewtrep. Therefore, the Seng has stood firm to fight for the preservation and protection of the Khasi country and people.
There were 21,083 students who sat for the examination but only 15,609 passed.
Speaking to media, Paiem Balajied Syiem, the Syiem of Hima Khyriem, said that this dance which is still going on today is the “Hima Shyllong” dance.
They appealed to the people at the public meetings to follow the party and for its glorious victory, they also expressed their concern for the peace and stability in Garo Hills as it is these days.
These books at the end of the year will be returned to the school for other students to use.
Tyrosine is found in wild fruit.
He said he is happy to be in India which accepts all religions and ethnic groups and there is no country in the world like India to have many ethnic groups.
“Then choose from among the candidates people who are skilled and fearful, trustworthy and not corrupt.
Political parties or candidates preparing for the rally should decide in advance the time and place to start raising money for the rally, the route to be followed and the time and place for the rally. you are public.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Government has set a target to complete the Shohdoh Zone within this year.
Last month we were talking about the slave group that left Egypt and how this group began and rebuilt life in Canaan.
He said, 'Now when you ask the people who went to Sohiong, they say oh! I work at the MeSEB office, or at the bank and so on. These are the changes of Sohiong,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
If this 6000 acres of land is destroyed, the people of War will lose their land.
The Government has provided assistance of T.457.55 lakh to SHGs, Federations such as Revolving Fund and Community Investment Fund so far.
However, this stingy calculation has caused many problems of various kinds and at an unexpected time in these days.
“We have tried to resolve this issue but the opposite group has emerged.
This gave the British Government the opportunity to gain full power in our hills.
The problem is not the availability or lack of money, but the biggest problem is the misuse of money or the inability to use money.
“During our time we are trying to make a proper recruitment in the police department, but the present government, even the post which has been declared vacant since 2019 has not been filled yet,” he said. Dr Mukul.
While one side is willing to review or reconsider the SRP, the others are willing to continue to maintain the SRP, exactly as it is.
Shillong: The opposition will demand a resolution against the CAA in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) Youth Wing today met with the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Samlin Malngiang to discuss the changes in the water supply system. I went to Shillong.
He said the distribution of tins will start before the elections and will continue even after the elections.
Police in East Khasi Hills have seized about 1 lakh ml of kyiad phareng during a raid during the Puja days.
If these MLAs and MDCs convey to the government the problems of the people, the government will undoubtedly listen and take the necessary action.
He said that Coal India Limited will not be able to visit all the places to survey the amount of dewion but it will have to examine the documents received from the weigh bridges.
This is the thew of Jesus.
The roads are the same, the cars are getting worse.
Earlier, Bah PK Lakiang, Vice President of the party, gave a briefing on the history of the party.
There are Khasi, Karbi, Tiwa, Nepali and many other ethnic groups.
“If the seller is from Sohra or Tura or Nongstoin, there is no difference and to say that it is from Sohra that the MLA scheme has been misused is wrong and unfounded,” he said.
The Brezer was clean and after half an hour, I had a headache and fell asleep. I couldn't do anything anymore. I wanted to go home. surprised until morning.
He asked for their full support for the future of the next five years which can bring hope for the future. .
KHNAM urges the law enforcement agencies to investigate thoroughly and investigate the people involved and not to arrest the innocent people especially to accuse them of being Khasi.
The farmers who have been able to produce the highest yields should also be commended.
Initially, a detailed explanation on organic farming was given by RCA Sangma, regarding the prevention measures for pests and diseases. B.Chyne and finally Bah S.Marbaniang explained how to make it easier for the farmers to get more information about the farming methods. You can now use your computer and mobile phone to receive information via SMS from the Intelligent Advisory System for Farmers (IASF).
“ A strange and terrible thing is done in the land, “ the prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests rule by deceit; and my people are pleased that it is so, and what will you do at the end of it"? (The prophets prophecy falsely), these two parts of events are said that the people pleased the priests who ruled by you are spiritual.14:1
Education is the source of progress.
Phramer SC beat Mynsngad SC 3-1 in the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
Please publish more articles for the benefit of the people who are smart to readGod bless you bah please continue to publish more articles will be a blessing to you and will be of benefit to us.
We must remember that it’s important to find remedies on our own.
She said that the Government of Meghalaya has allocated a huge amount of T.5271 crore for women.
The counting of votes will start at 1.30 pm at Parliament House and the results are expected to be announced at 4 pm.
There will also be a 13 KL Cryogenic Tank plant at Umsawli which is underway on the 15th July. These plants will be able to fill 1000 cylinders per day and one will be The 20 KL plant at Jengjal, Tura will be completed in two months and will be able to fill 2000 cylinders per day.
However, we believe that the government will help to create opportunities for export to Assam and other states, including Bangladesh,” said the village headmen including the Chairman of the Football Tournament Committee, Bah GJL Sangriang.
The winners of these four zonal finals will qualify for the Wild Card Final, and two out of the four runners-up will qualify for the National Final.
It is time for the Election Commission of India (ECI) to appoint a Delimitation Commission to advise on the division of constituencies or the reorganization of villages or the creation of new constituencies. so that the people will not suffer after the elections.
So Daplin offered to eat with Lanosha at her house.
Youths from other parts of the country including Garo Hills also attended the meeting.
“In fact, the price of vegetables is checked by the market authorities and there has been no price increase by the vendors.
The winners were awarded prizes.
The Basan of Raid Mawlieh, Minister W. Nongrum said that the relationship between Raid Nongblai and Raid Mawlieh has been very close since ancient times and they are close in all aspects.
Nongstoiñ: In 2013, seven years ago, there was an incident in one of the villages of Nongstoiñ area where a 63-year-old man raped his own daughter while she was still alive. at home with him and the commission of this crime by the Paieid, has also caused the child to become mentally ill.
As a way to relieve themselves from the heat of the sun during this season, many people have gone to bathe in the Krishna River and in this regard, the authorities have taken action. especially after the drowning of many people in this river.
He also blessed the Salesian Fathers and the Salesian branches to continue to serve God and concluded, “Khublei Shibun! Traces!".
Thomas said the resolution has not affected KHNAM at all and today it has met with the General Manager of FCI to discuss.
“These political appointees are only a threat to the people and it is a waste of money because the government has failed to provide the right services to the people,” he said. said.
The vehicle was driven by Gilbert Eddie Kharbithai, resident of NEPA, Umsaw and working as an Assistant Electrician under MeECL Kyrdem Kulai.
Hoping Stone Bareh, MDC Congress from 24 Sutnga Narwan, joined the UDP last month.
“So far, 65 persons have not reported for recruitment in the SF-10 and 54 persons in the Unarmed Branch (UB) and Armed Branch (AB),” James said.
“Modi's goal is to bring about economic development, prosperity for the people of the country and now that you have joined us, we think you share the same goal with Modi,” he said.
“Is it possible to develop the North East just by living in Delhi? Yes, the officers will visit and see what needs to be done,” Narendra Modi said on Radio Maan ki Baat.
When asked whether it is because the BJP-led central government and the Congress state government have caused Shillong to be rejected, Bindo said he does not want to discuss this. crane something.
The MDA as the coalition government in Meghalaya has been very quick to decide on the railway line in our country.
Sanbor said that if they forcefully pass the bill, he and AL Hek will leave the party completely.
He said that besides Umïam, other power generation projects from Myntdu-Leshka, Ganol, Umtrew have helped to generate electricity to be fed into the grid to distribute electricity in the state.
The meaning of the word public works, when translated into Khasi, means the work of the people and does not indicate that it is a department of road construction. The department of health and does not fit the term water supply and also the term animal husbandry, it has a very complex term, to understand that it is the department in charge of animals or country. pet.
In his speech, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that as the Minister of State, the Conservation Training Institute at Byrnihat has the right to become one of the largest training institutes in the Northeast. All the states in the Northeast will know about it and it will benefit the state as a whole, as this training center meets the needs of the farmers in Meghalaya.
With this victory, Efty will face Ummulong CC in the final on the 4th of June.
The GST aims to levy taxes on goods, sales and consumables and on activities nationwide.
He said that the people of Meghalaya do not need a festival, but to reap the harvest or the fulfillment of promises.
It is to be recalled that the union has written to the State Government since last year to take the same measures and to abolish the Personal Interview from Meghalaya and recently it has written and demanded the same. The MDA-2 Government has not received any sting from the Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The United Democratic Party (UDP) in East Khasi Hills has decided to write to the government to end the protest of the ILP in the state by calling for talks.
“Besides opening up opportunities for skills development and providing information to start new startups, financial assistance has been provided from time to time to workplaces and employees to assist them in their efforts.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The road from Sohkrot to Umjakoid in Mawthadraishan district has been in a state of shock.
“According to Professor Oldham's report, we understand that the Laitlyngkot area is more suitable because the area is beautiful and there is no lawbah.
Therefore, the party sends its condolences to the family members of this young man and prays that God will be with them.
Speaking to media, VPP President Bah Ardent said the party welcomes the government's decision to set up this committee to find experienced people to become members. to the Expert Committee for the amendment of the Reservation Policy.
This issue is very important these days because some children feel that their parents are a burden to them in their old age instead of giving them comfort and There are parents who don't understand the value of parents by pursuing the pleasures of this world and there are parents who have their children in their hands. age shelter.
This is because many parents teach their children good words and respect from an early age.
They robbed and took away the weapons from the knife and forest of the villagers who were cutting down trees in the Iangmih forest, which Khanduli village has received permission from the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to cut down trees. used in their homes.
Hurdles CC bowler Shrimonto Hajong took four wickets for seven runs in four overs.
The device was discovered by Cephid, a California-based company, and will be operational next month, the report said.
It shall be inherited by his grandchildren, his granddaughter's children, and also to his brothers and sisters (Class 2).
This goal encouraged the team to stay until the end of the first half.
“The 996 newly appointed teachers have been handed over their appointment letters recently at a program held in Tura and Shillong.
On 27th November 2021, the office of the Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya has denied the allegation by a group of people who claimed to be retired policemen and In a statement sent to the media on 27th November 2021, the office of the Director General of Police said that the writing in the letter issued Director General of Police R Chandranathan, two IPS officers Jagpal Singh Dhanoa and Shailendra Bamaniya and Mukesh Kumar Singh have been accused of involvement in the incident. to rape the life of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew are merely unfounded and untrue allegations.
Swimming: Khrawkupar Lyngdoh, Maryjone Syngwan, Roberson Basan (Head Coach) and Bah Ian.
today's wastewater treatment plant.
There is still enough time for the residents to surprise the people and think together for the future generation that our children and neighbors also need to breathe and not just think only of themselves.
Shillong, March 19: U Skhemlang Subba will compete in the 3rd Under 23 Open National Championship 800mts to be held in Chandigarh from 20 to 24 March
As he was walking and looking at the stars, he fell into a pit.
The referee stopped the match only in the first round after Sagar continued to shoot the opponent.
Shillong, Naiung 16: The BSF have seized coal, timber and siej from the Simsang River on Tuesday night.
Fifty years later, in 2021, how many more people will increase, as so far, the growth has reached 1,350,236,752 or 1.35 billion people.
There is nothing that cannot be bought in wisdom, so let us understand that it is difficult and impossible to acquire.
Assam Border Magistrate Mongve Enghi, who came with a team of four Assam police, allegedly stopped the road and said that the road will also be built by Assam.
The Council also wants the Meghalaya government to direct the police to stop searching and arresting the members of the party on suspicion of their relationships. and this organization.
“We have been waiting for the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to call us to talk to us on this issue.
How sad for the children of Bapli who want to work hard and want to reach the ranks of fame, have to stop for a while.
This ground, which has been in existence since 1969, has been left unused for decades and has been a great loss not only to the committee but also to the youth. you are smart to play.
The Meghalaya High Court on November 6 has summoned the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills on November 11 regarding the continuation of illegal coal mining in the district.
" She also encouraged other youngsters not to give up and to have full faith and confidence in their talents.
The celebration was attended by Samla Tony Shylla, Founder of the Group, Bah Pynwanbor Sylliang, Senior Adviser. Byntabiang M.Mawblei Superintendent of Government Girls' Home, Bah Erry Ryngnga Superintendent of Government Children's Home and Darisha Mallai Superintendent of Government Children's Home. children's home with children who no longer have caregivers who are cared for by these orphanages.
Under the Smart City of Shillong, one of the projects in the area is to build a recreation area or beautify the city with natural garden flowers. ).
Kynjai Para-I FC won a cash prize of T.50,000 and a trophy while Rishot, who lost in the final, received T.30,000 and a trophy.
Shillong: The residents of Mynrieng Village under Pynursla Block East Khasi Hills District, have faced serious problems in traffic and illness due to the deterioration of the road. and he went down into the city.
the flesh we cut, roast, chew, and eat, but not the soul of man.
Speaking on the occasion, Titosstarwell said that the Council has recently issued a notice to ban Khasi people who change their race without following the rules of the District Council.
Secretariat of former Sohra MLA Titos W Chyne visited the venue to meet with the leaders.
Currently, Mann Ki Baat is published in 23 languages ​​including 22 Indian and English languages ​​and 29 indigenous languages ​​(25 from the North East and 4 from Chhattisgarh). and also in 11 foreign languages.
Sometimes it is also called a bottle.
For those students who have been informed and who have not yet been recognized by the government, they should also be able to take the final examination.
Many policemen and the Headman of the village were injured in the stone throwing.
The following are Narendra Modi's ministers – Cabinet Ministers Narendra Modi, LS MP from Gujarat and UPRajnath Singh, LS MP from UPArun Jaitley, RS member from Gujarat Sushma Swaraj, MP from Madhya Pradesh Nitin Gadkari, MP from Maharashtra of KarnatakaSadananda gowda, LS MP of Karnataka – Bangalore NorthRam Vilas Paswan, LJP MP of BiharGopinath Munde, BJP MP of MaharashtraKalraj Mishra, BJP MP of UPManeka Gandhi, BJP MP of UPAnanth Kumar, BJP MP of Prasad Karnataka, BJP Shankar – Bangalore (RS) of BiharAshok Gadpati Raju, TDP – APAnanth Geete, MaharashtraHarsimrat Kaur, PunjabNarendra Singh Tomar, MP of MPJual Oram, MP from OdishaThavarchand Gehlot, MP of MPSmriti Irani, RS member of GujaratUma HeMPRS of UPlah Bharti, BJP RadhaN Singh, RSSHarsh Vardhan, BJP MP of DelhiMoS Independent – ​​10General VK Singh, BJP MP of UPSantosh Gangwar, BJP MP of MPSripad Naik, BJP MP of GoaDharmendra Pradhan, BJP RS member of OdishaSarbananda Sonowal, MP of AssamPrakar,kash dei Java Member of Parliament Piyush Goel, RS Member from Mumbai Jitendra Singh, BJP MP from TN/AP, is not a Member of Parliament.
O children of the country, don't turn back to the past, the mistakes of our ancestors in some areas have been instilled in our minds until now that the Khasi are not united.
Jan Arie Van Berkum, PUM Expert from the Netherlands, who is one of the most knowledgeable experts on fish farming, also gave a training session. they will be.
Bah Pateng Marsing, President of HANM in Ri Bhoi, said that the HANM understands the difficulties and difficulties at this time, when there is a curfew across the country, but the basis is The party has urged the MLA to take action to help, after receiving many complaints from the poor families, who have found it difficult to get proper food.
Everything, whether political, administrative or judgment, is done or decided in the Dorbar which they consider and speak as the Dorbar of God.
We have not received a reply from them and we are still talking to them and we have tried to resolve these issues and also the price charged to the consumers is lower compared to the price charged by MeECL. I'm going to pay now," he said.
Witting said that after the political parties and the government have reached a decision to pass the bill which they both agree on, perhaps they can bring it to the House and “then we will see what happens. “I don't need to talk,” said the MLA of Mawshynrut.
These villages are small and have about 600 inhabitants in each village.
The Father was also present on this occasion.
The sin of Sodom and Gomorrah destroyed all these things.
Therefore, the States change the Reservation according to the needs of their States.
It is here that we witness that our State has become increasingly short of statesmen to shape the future.
The meeting scheduled for HDR to meet with Congress leaders in Nongstoiñ will be held at 11 pm, and although Congress leaders have admitted that it will be a ticket discussion, the media has said that it will be a ticket discussion. He said that it will be an explanation that they will welcome Bah Gabriel as their candidate and that they will give their full support to him in this mid-term election.
Shillong, Nailar 30: U Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat today launched the 2013 Election Information Booklet and Compact Disc (CD) at Pine Wood Hotel, Shillong.
There are 2 cases in Ri Bhoi District.
“NESO urges all the citizens of Manipur not to believe and spread false news or any information that will worsen the current situation,” said the NESO leaders. NESO has accused the state and central governments of not being able to curb and stop the bloodshed even after more than 45 days and even though the Defense Minister Amit Shah has urged the government to stop the bloodshed. There are more than 40,000 troops in the state.
Besides, in this incident, there was also an incident in which three people were almost drowned in the river. you walk you stand.
“Ichamati is a village in East Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya which has been exempted from the provisions of the CAA as it falls under the Sixth Scheduled. , is also the venue where the Khasi Students Union held a protest against the CAA which led to the killing of Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
Lahkmen said the police have also set up a special cell at Sardar police station to protect and assist women.
Handwriting: handwriting, handwriting, or signage; thoh is not pruid to paw; The hand is a part of the human body that extends from the shoulder to the tip of the chin.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki has announced that only the Coke Factories which have received the Code to Operate (CTO) can start operating or producing coal in the district.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 2 cases of high risk.
He said these include the late Archbishop Dominic Jala and Rev SD Lakiang.
Earlier, Ryngkat Sari welcomed the opening ceremony of the school and MLA of the area Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest. sun.
The strike will affect and disrupt the work within the district council and today there was a vacancy of offices and desks which will affect the income of the Council.
At the end of the festival, there were also competitions in song and dance, which were attended by youngsters from different villages in the area.
Shillong, July 7: The Asst Director of the National Book Trust (NBT) Kanchan Wanchoo Sharma on Tuesday said that the reading interest of the youth of today is increasing despite the emergence of many new technologies and technologies.
The proven habitual turncoats & opportunists are not without sympathy because they don't even sit in the opposition.
By the power of the Holy Spirit Peter healed the sick, and he healed Aeneas. Peter said – Aeneas, Jesus Christ heals you; Arise, and make thy bed" Acts 9:3
“I have received a letter from the UDP to support the PDF sent by UDP Parliamentary Party Leader Bah Teiñwell Dkhar,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngaiñ.
incident in Psiar and Khatkhasla where they say that these places are built camps.
Many vehicles were reportedly damaged in the road accident.
It is worth mentioning that the issue to be discussed tomorrow in the House is on the speech of the Governor on the opening day of the session and Bah Adelbert has also prepared his speech to take part in the session. mat.
Some of them said that it would be good if the authorities would put up a notice in front of the stadium to let them know but as soon as they were arrested and driven away by the guards at the stadium, they had to fight.
KHLIEHRIAT: A 7-year-old girl has lost her life after being hit by a tanker at Apha village, Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District.
During his visit to West Jaintia Hills, Dr Mukul Sangma visited the Corona Care Centers set up by the Government at St. Aloysius Hospital, Ummulong and the Community Isolation Centers set up at Ladthadlaboh and Chilliangraij. .
In parts of Nongkhlieh Elaka, there is also the Labit crematorium from Nongrim village which leads to Moolasngi village which is known as the Liatprah crematorium in this area and the middle one is known as the Shrieh crematorium in the village. Eating.
New Delhi: The fiscal year 2020/21 will be the worst year for India's economy in the last 40 years. “All Indians have become poorer than they were two years ago,” said UP Chidambaram, MP of the Congress party.
Speech was delivered by Bah Wanseng, who congratulated the Pathaw family for organizing this tournament and hoped that they will continue to organize this football tournament in the years to come.
Om is from Gujarat and has recently moved to New Jersey for the past few months.
He said that the pesticides applied to the plants kill and destroy the bees.
Therefore, if the government feels right, it should distribute equally the money sent by the central government to all the four blocks in West Khasi Hills, so that the people will not face any problems.
He said that the host of today's webinar, has worked hard from 2008 to 2012 to remove Khasi from the list of endangered languages.
He said that the Association has also sent a clear message to the public as there has been a statement on social media about the threat to stop the supply of oil to the state. The President of the Petrol Pump Owners has made it clear that there is no shortage of petrol pumps. Petrol, Diesel and Gas are essential commodities and the government is taking care that they should be delivered even if it is necessary to be accompanied by the police, he added.
The incident happened on the 2nd of this month at 6 pm. The seven persons were employees of a company in Wah Tharia.
At the same time, he said that the teachers have expressed their concern about the lack of network especially in the rural areas like Huroi, Borghat, Saipung and other parts of EJH. He also expressed his regret that the App was implemented without inviting the teachers in the district and was implemented immediately.
This workshop is part of the launch of meetings of stakeholders to strengthen the work led by women in the North East.
Shillong: The Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment (CWE) today summoned the officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. state due to the high infant mortality rate and the increase in the number of people who give birth at home rather than in government health facilities.
The Assistant Secretary of the Seiñraij Mukhaialong, Hundred Phawa said that the Seiñraij invites everyone to participate in this Shad Sukra so that it will be a successful one.
Morigaon (Assam), July 30: Many fish have died in these days due to the pollution of water from three rivers, including Kolong, Kopili and Kiling, who are located in the district of Mori village and this has encouraged many nature lovers.
The State cannot claim to be a Peaceful State while the citizens do not have access to full health and good and affordable health care within the State.
“The meeting has decided unanimously not to visit Meghalaya,” the meeting said.
There is a strong desire for honor or dignity among our fellow leaders whether in political affairs, in political parties, in religious groups, in the community, in the villages. thaw, in the tribes, in the family, is one of the most dangerous things that we will lose in many battles for the sake of our beloved country.
Mahajan, in a statement today, said she was surprised at the party's delay in announcing its candidate for the Indore Constituency and for that reason, she made it clear that she will not contest the elections this time. now.
Up to this part of the journey from Nongstoiñ to Maweit, and from Nonglyngdoh Village, there is this wah, which people used to go to khwai.
Shah and Vaidya were reportedly boarding a boat when the friends invited them to swim in the river.
God created man to think and seek the good and commanded him to avoid harmful things.
However, with the hard work of the BSF together with the police, according to information received, they have seized three trucks from Muktapur-Amlarem road, West Jaintia Hills carrying 40 grams of muid. They were loaded on these trucks and were not intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
However, there is another rumor that the CMD's findings are not true, said Bah Lanong.
Only Deepti Sharma scored 20 runs off 40 balls.
Speaking after the filing of nomination papers at the office of the Commissioner and Secretary of the Assembly, Bah Andrew Simon on Tuesday, the MLA expressed his hope that he will be elected as the Lamphang of the Assembly. The State Legislative Assembly.
Sohtun admitted that it is true that the people of this area have faced difficulties due to the closure of this gate which leads to and from Assam, because many villages have gone to Assam. It comes to Assam through this road.
Sleep while you are still stepping, don't stay inside the house.
“It is wrong to think that the appointment is only the government's incentive for the political parties working within the government,” she said.
The problems we have been facing have been going on for decades and we must fight until the Government resolves them; not by merely working hard and slowly, but by preparing the whole plan from beginning to end.
In the third match, Rittemiki Rymbai scored the goals in the 6th minute, Khainmi Pale in the 25th minute and Dalam Phawa in the 25th minute. minute and D.Dhar in the 55th minute.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “The sacrifice of Tirot Singh shows a sign of courage, bravery and leadership in the midst of the fact that the Khasi Syiems have come to join hands. from the Hima Shillong to Rambrai, at that time the traffic was still a source of income.
All the villages of India have received electricity, the Prime Minister said today and the Government of India has been able to extend the electricity supply by 12 days ahead of the deadline of the Government of India.
Nongpoh: The Meghalaya Pig Farmers Association (MPA), led by Bah Ioanis Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Meghalaya Pig Farmers Association, today met with the Pig Farmers Association and sent a petition to Bah Ioanis Lyngdoh. AL Hek, Minister of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, to inform about the problems faced by pig farmers in the state from time to time.
Bah Boldness was elected by the Kur on 14th October, 2015 at the Kur Dorbar held at Nongum.
The collaboration between the education department and the community is through the schools run by the SMCs and they play a major role in bringing about economic development especially in education in the state as a whole. other.
The question is whether the government can build water supply to the villages through pipe lines. which have been installed from the dams to the villages even if the distance is tens of kilometers.
In response to the AAP leaders' justification of L-G VK Saxena's suspension of the solar project, a statement from government officials at Raj Niwas said that the government she has led the people astray.
The schools that participated were St Anthony's School, Sacred Heart Boys Mawlai and Laban Bengali Boys School.
Regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, Bah Metbah recalled the hard work of the people of the state in the first phase of the pandemic last year and urged the people to to continue to be vigilant by following all the government's guidelines regarding the measures to prevent the spread of this disease during this time and to continue to support the employees of various government departments in their efforts to prevent the further spread of this disease in the country and the state.
The district authorities have set up temporary shelters to assist the refugees.
If we water the plants with water with a pH of 5.5 to 6.5 (medium pH), the plants will grow and sprout (as explained by Dr.JKDurong, Director of Agriculture). Department and retired from this post in 1998).
Subject: Government form without NPP&BJP"
Shillong, Nailur 4: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today shot dead a fish vendor identified as Babuh Phawa at Polo Market.
You must not be afraid.
It is for this reason that the intention of the current CHADC, Bah HS Shylla, to introduce this amendment on the marriage through the Second Amendment, is wrong in terms of the law. , how this proposal shall be treated as a Second Amendment, when the first amendment does not yet exist.
Bangladesh is the gateway to the development of South Asia from which Meghalaya will benefit.
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, the pictures and videos showing the killing of the Bsein Cobra, have spread quickly and initially there was a suspicion that the killing of the Bsein Cobra. The incident occurred at Pahamrioh village, due to the monitoring by the Wildlife Department of Nongpoh Range, until they found the place where the people killed the bsein.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : KSU Mawlai Circle will hold the Maitshaphrang Khasi League Basketball Tournament 2023 (Women & Men) from 9th June .
Meanwhile, Khroo L.Pariat urged the government to remove the shyiap from the Wah Myntdu River, as the shyiap in the Wah Myntdu River will cause damage especially to the dohum dohwah. The river has threatened the supply of water to the city of Jowai.
It is suspected that these Challans have been issued because there is a secret relationship within the Forest Department and the mining traders across the state despite not having a Mining Lease to trade coal and slate to Bangladesh.
Two thousand years ago Jesus Christ healed the poor, women, fishermen and rulers, such as Nicodemus and Zacchaeus.
Furthermore, the Lok Sabha was dissolved in 1970, ten years before the end of its term.
He said the VPP does not want to explain to the government on the reservation policy but asks the government to convene a special session to discuss or set up a special committee to look into how to renew the reservation policy. The reservation policy shall include both groups of ethnic groups as members of the committee and shall include experts to discuss so that it will not be biased.
Now I am very happy that we have changed so much from what we used to be,” said the mother. “Why did you suffer before, mother? What is the reason?” “Accept what I tell you because if I tell you more, the nations will be like rain,” said the mother.
The department also said that it has worked closely with various government departments on border activities, smuggling, smuggling and other illegal activities.
There are 128 companies within the jurisdiction of KHADC. There are 111 companies in Ri-bhoi, 9 in East Khasi Hills and 7 in West Khasi Hills.
However, in this age, the contractual basis is not available.
We remember that the great love of His Father, God, through His great love for us, endured until He reached Mount Golgotha.
If they need money, they go to the Government of India, if it is for anything else, they go to Delhi.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Damanbait Lamare MLA Umroi as the chief guest, in the presence of Bah Shalan Sylliang, President of TJUFA, Bah PB Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong Umroi Umdohbyrthih and other dignitaries. old.
At the same time, the DC urged the residents to refrain from the use of single-use plastic bags and also to cooperate with the District Administration so that the use of plastic bags can be completely eliminated. plastic from the District.
The President of HYC Raid Nongtung, Bah Hercules Suting strongly condemned the work of these VECs who have not completed their work.
“Our ancestors were wise and farsighted and to live well, the villagers built dorbar halls to discuss the issues in order to build the society and the children of the village. ", said Mr. W Nongsiej.
Fourthly, he tried to convince the indigenous people that their traditional religion had nothing to do with Hinduism.
“In order to bring peace to the people living on the border especially in those villages where there is a lot of conflict, the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam, we have decided together to have a ceasefire. “It's a good idea to visit those villages,” said Conrad.
On the other hand, Bah Shylla said that the Shylla Kur from Khasi-Jaintia Hills will hold a meeting soon at Law Kyntang, Mawphlang.
You have recorded the newspaper to read whenever you need it.
According to the announcement, MLAs cannot install lights but only the Governor, Chief Minister, former Governor, Deputy Chief Ministers, Chief Justice of the High Court, Speaker of the House, Deputy Speaker, Cabinet. Minister, Chairman of the Planning Board, former Chief Minister, Leader of the Opposition in the House, Judges of the High Court, Minister of State, Deputy Ministers, Chief Secretary, Advocate General, and Chairman of the MPSC. light is not the light.
Shillong: After 27 years, the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958 on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, which applies to 20 kilometers of Meghalaya on the border, has been repealed. Assam.
Many rural villages have now reached roads especially those which have larger villages through the PMGSY scheme of the Government of India. to all the villages without any restrictions, and if this is the case, the villages will grow and develop because once there is a road, people will not want to go to the city but will I like to stay and work in the countryside.
“Up to 34,783 voters including 17,096 males and 17687 females have turned out to vote at 63 polling stations. “The participation of women has also increased,” said Bah Kharkongor.
All applicants must be interviewed and no further information will be provided.
Lalremsiami, Sangita Kumari, Deepika and Vandana Katariya will be the forward players.
The discussion on the entry/exit checkpoints has been going on for years despite all the documents and strong recommendations, but the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has abolished it. at the checkpoints in Umling,” she said.
Dr Kalwing said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has implemented the National Strategic Plan with the target of ending TB by
When the journalists went to inspect the damage caused by the earthquake in Sonidan village, they found that the damage was excessive, they also saw the damage to houses, the collapse of electricity posts, damage to the school.
When it comes to spirituality, it is very important for believers in the Lord Jesus to be active.
This step is dedicated to the prayer of the Creator, the Lei Shnong and the Raij, the ryngkew and the basa to give us the ker, the Khang and the village of the Raij. the Elaka, the country and the Jaitbynriew from the Covid-19 pandemic which is affecting the residents in all aspects.
The language spoken by the Mynnars is related to the languages ​​of the Lamin, Nongtalang, Syndai, Lakadong, Amwi, Sohkha and others in the Manar Hima. in Jaintia, which perhaps now has only the signs of the old village.
After the news, some journalists have tried to follow up and also to verify from the district administration and also from the police department regarding the incident in Malangkona area. , but the District Heads and Police said that there is no such incident as reported in these newspapers and they said that it may be just a misleading and intimidating the people living in the border areas.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie, today celebrated its 122nd Anniversary with a ceremony at Ing Seng Mawkhar in the morning. Your celebration will be held at Weiking Jaiaw Square.
Upon learning of the incident, the Assam police also set up another camp near the one set up by Nagaland to prevent the land grabbing, the report said.
Replying to a motion by Shella MDC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar in the Legislative Assembly, the CEM said, “On the part of the EC, we will take action to create the mechanisms from now on to hold the meeting again. The Monolith Festival will be held to showcase the richness of the culture and traditions of the Jaidbynriew.
“Bah SD Khongwir is a leader who has served and developed Mawlai, so much Mawlai has grown because of his leadership, as the first MLA of Mawlai,” said Bah Pathaw.
Shillong: U DP Vice-President Allantry FDkhar on Tuesday said that after the District Council elections, the UDP will talk to the MDA to release the BJP. Allan said the MDA Coordination Committee will meet after the MDC elections and will discuss the release of the BJP which has two MLAs – AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai from the government. .
MPCC Vice President Nehemayah Tyngkan said that the Congress party is confident that the party will move forward in the coming days, this will be achieved with the cooperation of the people.
Surprisingly, due to the protection and care of God, no tragic incident occurred and all the five owners who lived in the house from children to adults escaped from the fire.
He doesn't give up his lifeHe walks forward without humilityTo live the children of HynniewtrepAs he says he will fulfill.
Joe Root is also another player who has finished eighth in the All-Rounders table.
It was inaugurated by Ma Habahun Dkhar, MDC of 13 Saphai Constituency.
Now there is a lack of trust in the father, mother, father of the child because it happens that they do this.
If you take the figure of the purchase of medicines, most of the men in this state do not have the right seeds and have to take this government medicine.
Shillong, November 13: U Area Commander of the GNLA, Ipseng D Shira, has surrendered to the Mendipathar Police Station at 10:30 pm this morning with a 7.62mm pistol.
They said that such cases of violence against women in other states in the north are unacceptable and the government authorities should take action to conduct an investigation so that there will be peace for women. child.
At present, the Barak Valley has flowed into the Bangladesh border with Assam.
It is learned that hundreds of drivers of jyrngam vehicles have gathered in Smit this evening and they have expressed their anger against the police.
“The answer will come from the Rangbah Shnong,” said the father.
Finally, the KSU, together with the Dorbar Shnong Khanapara and the land owner, not only opposed, but also demanded from the governments of Meghalaya and Assam, to resolve these issues as soon as possible. At the same time, they have decided to file a complaint against the Assam government, after it illegally occupied the land. I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
The TMC leader said that today he will not have any program related to the party or to meet with the people and will continue various programs from Tuesday and especially to talk to the people. to discuss the election issues and also to strengthen the party with various programs to take part in this first visit to Meghalaya before the 2023 elections in the state.
He said the Meghalaya Games 2023 will be held in Tura this year, in which 3,000 athletes from all over the state will take part.
Secretary Embhah Chyrmang of War East Satpator Fishing and Environmental Association said, “We have decided to temporarily ban people from outside Satpator District from fishing in the Lakroh River because we are concerned about the rapid increase in the number of cases of this disease. Apart from any other problems, we have banned foreigners from coming to khwai in the Lakroh River.
“This shows the intent of Assam to take over the land of the Meghalaya government as witnessed across the border areas,” the statement said.
As one of the elders in West Khasi Hills, Mawshynrut Constituency, I would like to express here that if the KSU stands firmly against even fighting, it will be very good.
There was nothing like it, except for the curtain on my office wall.
Speaking at the party's public meeting in Tikrikilla, Sarbananda Sonowal said, “The people of Meghalaya have been suffering from two terrible demons, discrimination. The people by thinking only for the safety of their families and corruption can be ended only by supporting Modi to achieve what he wants by winning the BJP. You have witnessed that the NPP and Congress have been in power in the state and the corruption has been terrible and the priority of the family has been clearly evident.
The situation of the country has been severely affected by the rule of the BJP. We are at a critical juncture in the history of the country.
When the family is strengthened, the church is also strengthened.
He also stressed that it is through the commitment of the state government and implementation of the law and to follow the directions of the High Court.
Speaking at the meeting, the Sub-Inspector Incharge of Khliehriat Police Station, Bah W.Nongtdu, urged the public especially the youth not to fall into the trap. He said that drugs affect not only the health but also the society as a whole. He said that the police department is fighting hard to curb evil. drugs and to eradicate this can only be done through the cooperation of the people.
Refusing to accept the resignation of Bah Lamboklang, Mukul said, “I have not yet responded to the resignation of Bah Lamboklang who sent me a letter”.
Nijjar, who was one of the militants wanted by India and was thrown a buskit worth T.10 lakh on his head, was shot dead outside the Gurdwara. in Canada last month.
“...Any activities related to this terrorist group whether in India or other parts of the world and in the North East, need to be lifted because this is the “It is important to forgive,” he said, adding that the two sides have not yet discussed the forgiveness at any level and once the real talks have started, “We will discuss these crimes because of the forgiveness. it's what's important".
We still have many leaders without mentioning their names who have appeared outside the borders of the State and the country as well to become Leaders.
Because in politics it is easy to make people masters for five years.
Through the chapters of this book it was found that the government used the chiefs of the neighboring kingdoms and also the relatives of the Jaintia Syiem who came up from the north to try to force Kiang to surrender to the kingdom. foreign government.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of Mawkyrwat Circle on its inspection visit to the Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat has found many shortcomings and inadequacies for the needs of the people. you are treated or you are looking for treatment.
Shillong, July 31:BSF troops have recovered ammunition and bullets from Borsora on the border with Bangladesh. After searching the area, they found three homemade pistols with 11 rounds of ammunition. They found that the area was covered with stones and plants. him in military uniform.
“Our children have been treated like slaves”.
In the Under 16 (Girls), the events will be 100 M, 300 M, 800 M, 2000 M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put, Discuss Throw, Javelin, 4×100 M Relay.
“Under the 6th Schedule, District Councils have been created to protect the minorities, we will not allow anyone to change this,” said Nikman Marak, Chairman of GHSMC. Shillong, Nailar 31: After the opposition from the people to the Ordinance, the Government has decided to prepare a new Bill on how to empower local authorities.
We hope that you will elect a person who knows how to advocate or make laws in the District Council and work for the development of the community as empowered by the constituency of India.
The money was handed over by Arki P Laloo, President and Secretary of NEAM-WJH along with other members to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah T.Lyngwa said that the disease is a disease that has spread rapidly in the past and lasts for about 10 to 12 days.
Shillong: On the first day of the Zone 1 of the Inter District U-23 Men's Cricket Tournament held at Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi FC beat Ri Bhoi FC 2-0 178 runs in the first innings.
" Like these Hindi sayings, all those who try to say, that the balcony sits on the cows.
On the other hand, leaders of the Meghalaya Youth Federation including Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi President Moonstar Nongrem President United Hynniewtrep Movement West Khasi Hills, Bah Despitol Sun President West Khasi Students Union and Bah Don Marweiñ President Western Youth Federation. They urged the Deputy Commissioner to take action on this issue, so that the cleanliness will be of real benefit to the people.
"A great part of Italy's history, which began in January 2018, has come to an end in 2023 at the Nations League Finals," the FIGC said in a statement. The FIGC has announced the name of the new coach of the country in the coming days for the upcoming major tournaments, such as the UEFA Euro 2024 qualifiers.
He was speaking at the Prime Meghalaya meeting held at the State Convention, Shillong and several local entrepreneurs received financial support from the state government today to start their own businesses. or to improve their work.
The UDP won 11 seats, the VPP four, the HSPDP and PDF two seats each.
“We have arranged with the party candidate to file my nomination papers on the 22nd at 11 am,” said Prestone Tynsong.
The Director said that it is not that the work is not going well but it has gone but it still has to meet the requirements as requested by the central government.
From childhood: Ronaldo was born in Santo António, near Funchal, Madeira, and is the youngest son of Maria Dolores dos Santos Aveiro, a nurse and José Dinis Aveiro, a gardener. the municipal.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma DE Pariat recalled the specialness of this day and urged the members to take responsibility in doing good deeds for the society of the country and the community.
It is here that there is a big difference between those who live in Shillong and those who live in the rural areas.
Baradar has now fled Kabul and is living in Kandahar, the report said.
The retired government official expressed his concern that if he does not have an Aadhaar number, he will lose his salary and face problems.
If there are no people who are already skilled in the law, there is a need for people who are more knowledgeable about the District Council.
Felix Auger-Aliassime (CAN) 37158.
After this, the driver of the truck and his followers got out of the vehicle and shot and killed the volunteers of the village at the Bholaganj market.
The meeting of the KSU, led by its General Secretary, Bah Donald V Thabah, came a few days after the KSU personally visited the state to meet with the Chief Minister of Manipur. Biren Singh also visited the residents of Khedagar Khasi Punji in Tamenglong.
Not all the ancestors of the Khasi-Jaintia people who migrated to India had their own traditional religion and rights.
This law shall apply immediately until further notice.
Several people were also seen clinging to a large flag inside the house, in order to climb back outside the building and a small child was also seen falling outside the building. house, while some were shouting, for fear of the strength of the tree.
As a continuation of the fair, the Urban Department of the State Government has arranged to hold the registration and submission of application forms at the office of the Urban Department at Raitong Building, IGP Shillong.
If we listen only to false leaders, we will suffer.
When you drivers of Kali have asked for a fare, what shall we drivers do?
The filing of nominations for the Lamphang election will be held today as well as the scrutiny of documents and the withdrawal of nominations on 9th October.
He said – “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus (the Son of God) for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. 2:38.
Tura: Four candidates will contest the mid-term elections from South Tura, after two candidates filed their nomination papers today. They are John Leslee K Sangma, former MLA and U Chris Kabul and Sangma, who filed their nomination papers today.
She said that out of these, only one school in Sohra constituency has been given permission and that is the Village Dorbar Secondary School in Swer.
Therefore, we demand that the management of jio Company should provide the network 24 hours a day and if you don't want to serve your network anymore, please speak clearly through the media, so that we too can remove the network. jio simcard, because you don't have to use your network but you pay a monthly fee.
We Khasi are ashamed to say that we are unemployed, if there is still a lot of opportunity for foreigners to sell shana, sell allu-muri, sell juti, sell jain, sell pylleng, sell khiew, sell milk, selling jalebi around our villages.
Police have not released the names of the arrested.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Donbok said that the vehicle was only an ambulance and after the union applied for Zimma in the court, the court allowed Zimma to get out of the car.
He said that this happened when he had to stay in the forest for 4 days and because of the hunger he ate the plant just to eat but after a while he felt pain in his body and he didn't hear it anymore.
Nongpoh, July 10: Due to the situation in Manipur where many Christians have been persecuted, the burning and destruction of Christian churches, schools and ethnic tensions between the The Conference of Religious India, Ri-Bhoi Zone today held a short meeting in front of Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex and followed by a march on the main road in Nongpoh area as a sign of solidarity with the people. Christian faith in Manipur and other parts of India.
In conclusion, he urged the supporters of San Shnong Iooksi Pyllun that as a candidate for the election, he will leave here to search for mawlyngnai from all over the villages and villages within the 4 Mowkaiaw. Constituency and to witness the shortcomings in many areas in this area.
Shillong: The Supreme Court of India on Tuesday ruled that same-sex marriage is no longer a crime and has abolished the section 377 which since the time of the British which considers this marriage to be a crime.
He said that before giving permission to JMCPL to export coal to Bangladesh, no MT of coal was collected in the area.
Here in Bri U Hynniewtrep, we know how to take care of our young children.
It doesn't matter who is taller will help and fill what we have lost.
Speaking to reporters, he said that his visit was to ensure that the scheme should start as soon as possible so that it can be completed on time.
This incident in these districts has caused grief and fear to the school children, women and the community.
“Let us be arrested, because the ban on coal mining seems to be intended to kill us,” he said.
The Federation was headed by Ferdinand L Marshillong as Chairman and Ibadalin Kharbuli as Genl.
Shillong: U Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the KHADC has decided not to issue permission or NOC to the government to build roads. and Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Ranikor.
Members of the West Jaintia Adventure and Cycling Association (WSA) on Saturday held a cycle race from Jowai to Wah Kupli, Iooksi West Jaintia Hills District to promote the importance of health, hygiene and to promote tourism.
The AICC leaders have now demanded that the AICC should take action against these anti-party activists.
Shillong, Naitung 18 : The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India (BCI) on Tuesday expressed its regret over the delay in the restoration of peace and order in Manipur even after two and a half months of violence.
Another thing we must remember: if we destroy the environment, we have already paid for our lives and our heritage.
However, PCA Secretary Dilsher Khanna said the ICC's charges against Kashyap had nothing to do with the games he used to host in the state.
Babu Primrose Gatphoh (Jaiaw Church).
He said that in Tripura, there are 20 indigenous MLAs in the 60-member Assembly, but they don't dare to speak for the welfare of the people of Tripura, because that they have become small paid and that they have to obey the orders of their leaders in their respective Sengs.
The traditional dress of all the tyngshops shows that it was in ancient times.
Listen first in the dorbar, just to show your face is too much.
Mt.28:19-20).
In the incident, referee Crystal John did not blow the whistle before Chhetri shot the ball and the players of Kerala Blasters said that the goal should not have been allowed because they did not score. be ready.
“We have divided into 12 zones and sectors under the supervision of the officers assigned,” said the CEO. The meeting scheduled for 27th October has been postponed due to the killing of NCP candidate Jonathone N Sangma by robbers.
Furthermore, the VEC has also received from the Block to construct an RCC Foot Path in the village for 200 meters at a cost of T.4,69,2
He said that tomorrow he has called a special meeting to review the progress of the construction.
Besides, there was also a prayer which means the restoration of the water and this was completed by the Organizing Secretary. Use it as a sum, clean, clean and drink to eat, followed by a prayer or a blessing to him to be able to eat a little bit of food which will be a strong food to take home and to he was appointed to be a protector of mankind.
The UDP MLA questioned why the police would take Bah Dkhar to the police station to shoot and tie him.
It is learned that some government officials who attended the meeting expressed their dissatisfaction with the flag raising of the political party, saying that they went to the program not as NPP members, but they went. as government employees who should not reveal their affiliation to any party.
The child was placed at the Cherokee YES Center and the case was turned over to juvenile court while the police investigation is ongoing.
“According to our understanding, this urgency to shorten the deadline shows that the Recruitment Board has taken stingy to get qualified staff in the health department,” said the union.
One area differs from another in the tone of voice and in the pronunciation of the language from another, but if we look closely, most of them are related to the mother tongue or the original Khasi language.
Shillong, Naiwieng : The Wahingdoh Youth Association, Shillong has held its General Meeting on the 5th of this month where the Annual General Report and Annual Financial Report were also read.
Referring to the facts that could lead to this greater conflict, the residents of Raidmynsaw said that in the Malangkona area, there is no dispute over the farms and land, because the ethnic groups The inhabitants of the area are the Rabha and Assamese who are Indian brothers.
The minister has responded to what he said in the last dorbar that the CT machine is available at the hospital,” he said.
Five residents of Mukroh village and an employee of the Assam Forest Guard have been killed after Assam police opened fire on the crowd at the village in West Jaintia Hills. on November 22 of last year.
“They can erase their names from the stamp but they cannot erase the memory of the people of the country who have not been able to forget the good deeds that these two men have done for the country. , we demand that the government should apologize for this decision,” he said.
It is gratifying that the Meghalaya government has now tried to provide assistance to the residents in all areas such as the development of agriculture, livestock, tourism and others.
Besides the demand for the immediate dismissal of Rohit Prasad, the JAC also demanded the implementation of other pending issues, such as the urgent appointment of Rohit Prasad, Statutory Officer, University. engineering & Director CDC, shortage of health facilities, medicines, non-production of non-teaching jobs, suspension of GeM, which has He strongly criticized the research of PhD students, the release of teachers and staff in specialized posts, the non-convocation and the lack of peace. within the university.
To fight against this disease, the government has launched the National Program for Prevention and Control of Diabetes (NPCDCS) and those suffering from these diseases can get adequate protection by going to Other speakers included Dr. A Hinge, Dr. S. Sumer Gyneacologist, Hospital Ialong. The meeting was conducted by Bah Joseph Khonglah, former Waheh Shnong of Lumpariat and welcome speech was delivered by Dr JN Shullai M/O Ladthadlaboh. Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, Shillong, said that the party has arranged to hold a public cleanliness drive at Jaiaw, Shillong on the 28th June from 9 pm.
“This is what I am saying with regret that the people should understand that those who shout from time to time that we are against this issue should please criticize because we are the owners of the villages and the owners of the houses and we you must understand how to treat tenants.
He said that regarding the failure of the contractor to complete the road many times, the elders of the area have met with the government officers in charge of the roads but till now nothing has been done. the six soh either either.
“You wouldn't have brought this change in the rule if they were from your party but because they are from the opposition you are trying to stop them with this rule,” said the CJ. my lawyer.
The Dorbar was organized by the Election Committee Laitumkhrah and was attended by more than 1,000 residents.
However, Chandra said that he did not stop his vehicle even when he saw that the vehicle they were riding in had hit the tree because he did not think that they would be injured or injured. hard.
The death toll has risen as more people, including children, women, have been found shot dead in their homes and farms when Hamas entered the country on Saturday morning. around the villages.
By Bah Philip Marwein It is good news to know that the number of tourists to Meghalaya has increased from year to year.
in order to receive information from time to time, this is according to a statement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
On the other hand, Assam and Tripura were forcibly invaded by the Dkhars from across the border of former East Pakistan and present-day Bangladesh.
The match between the two teams started at 2:45 pm.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma on October 23 presented a budget of less than T.1,592 crore for the year 2023-24, which is about 3.42 per cent of the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP). ).
Shillong: The Fourth General Assembly of the Seng Kur Kongwang will be held on the 9th November 2023 at Darrang, West Jaintia Hills.
We are witnessing that the people of Meghalaya including students, employees of companies and so on have returned from many states of the country.
From 2021 to 2022, it was found that the names of those who have received this scheme have been written by hand, that is, there are 1200 farmers who have received 12,000/- tyngka each.
I am confident that God will heal them.
LPS, Transparent Govt.
He said that he has seen the hard work which has pleased the villagers.
Shano is the VPP party to raise awareness.
It is encouraging to see that in 2018, the New Umtru Hydro Electric Project (NUHEP) is ready to start and with the contribution, continuous cooperation; It has brought about the success of addressing all these problems in the soil.
We hope that we will not face any more problems whether it is those who are still working or those who have retired. They should have this right and the Committee is confident that the government will do so. either either bet on this.
The four teams that have reached the semi final of the Subroto Mukharjee Cup Football Tournament 2022 are Rodphod Secondary School, Mawjaraiñ Presbyterian Secondary School, Jingïaeng Kynthei Mawkyrwat Higher Secondary School. Mawkyrwat and Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School.
The Government of Meghalaya on this occasion also honored the Frontline Workers who have sacrificed their lives during the Covid 19 pandemic.
The MDA 2.0 Government led by the NPP will be strong and will last even if the UDP withdraws its support.
