The meeting decided to raise four demands, due to the lack of reply from the SDSEO Nongpoh office regarding the Head Teacher Allowance of Lower Primary Govt Schools if the office cannot pay the Head Teacher Allowance. The HTA on the 25th of June has decided to close the office of SDSEO Nongpoh on the 2nd of June from 10 am.
Speaking to reporters, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, said that the matter will be taken up in the House.
He was stabbed several times, and suffered severe injuries and pain from his leg and arms, and died shortly afterwards.
The state government thinks that it will do whatever the people want.
According to the patients, this morning at 10:00 am or 10:30 pm, they were sent to get up for an ultra sound at the hospital. The scene was closed until 12:30 pm.
He appealed that if the people support the BJP, many changes and problems cannot be solved, but there are those who claim that the BJP is not good, but it has many opportunities. which are for the benefit of the people of India without discrimination.
“There have been many meetings with schools, parents, police and government authorities, and several steps have been taken in collaboration with schools, to start the management of school buses, but we find that schools don't want to operate buses because it is a difficult job and their main job is to provide training and not to operate buses,” said Sangma. .
On the other hand, the auditor did not inspect all the projects but inspected them as a whole.
“Then Rida, start...” Niakha urged. Rida began to tell.
The United Democratic Party (UDP), which is the coalition party to form the MDA-2 government under the leadership of the NPP, has not yet discussed how to nominate a candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections next year. 2024.
Shillong, Naitung 31: A meeting convened by the CEM of KHA DC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem with the groups opposed to uranium mining and supporters will be held tomorrow to discuss the proposal to issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC) to the KHA DC. KHADC to construct two lane road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
Lapang said that although there are many who have left, more have joined the Congress party as has happened in the past.
Then the parents sent the first to study doctor, the second to study engineering.
Alos said that the Amur Falcons have started arriving in Tyrso since the 14th and 15th of this month and the arrival of several of them is a sign of their increase as every year. .
He also expressed his gratitude to the Government for introducing the People College Scheme to four colleges in Jaintia Hills, namely East Jaintia College, Nongtalang College, Shangpung College and Thomas Jones College. Jowai.
Fellow elders in your own churches, look carefully at the Word of God, how it speaks, how it teaches, is it to increase or decrease? Look at Deuteronomy 4:2, “Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you. ".
They jhur at the time of planting, without medicine or long artad.
As soon as the prayer was over, his wife felt ashamed and guilty of his actions and went home quickly and released the cow from the cow.
Speaking on the occasion, Rymbai said, “I have been in office for more than two months and I cannot give you the post of CEM. The General Secretary of HANM, DS Dkhar, replied to the question.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The State Youth Wing of the Khasi Pnar and Jaintia Hills District wishes you a Happy New Year.
The North East Catholic Research Forum (NECRF), a non-partisan group, has written to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma (HBS) regarding his silent allegation of banning some political parties. to attack Christians and ethnic minorities in the State.
There are types of diseases known as bacteria and viruses.
Because of the freedom of guns in the United States, many shooting incidents have occurred in the country in recent days, with more than 44,357 people killed in these incidents in the US in , including 24,090 suicides, according to a report compiled by the Gun Violence Archive (GVA).
Earlier, Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, while introducing the motion, said that the ban on quarrying and shyiap mining will not affect the livelihood of the people but also in the implementation of the MGNREGS scheme in the state.
But now, the robbers have no forgiveness and steal as much as they can.
It is worth mentioning that in the sudden blaze of the International Trade Fair, which happened at 1 pm this morning, up to 30 shops of the International Trade Fair were burnt down. , after a terrible fire destroyed all the items that were going to be sold at the market.
The Government is looking for ways and means to bring about change in the state and in this regard, the Government has also decided to implement the Meghalaya Lokayukta Bill to curb corruption in the State. hi all, he added.
He hoped that with the cooperation of all, all the remaining projects of the Council would be completed.
The nation of Israel or Jews, the fellow countrymen of Jesus Christ, believed that their New Year's Day was in September.
However, in many places, this is no longer the case due to the excessive pollution of the wells that supply water to these fields due to the fact that they are filled with synsar.
The insurance of the motorcycle expires on July 26,
Sambormi said East Jaintia Hills does not need a railway, but it needs adequate roads, adequate schools, health centers and various departments to come to East Jaintia Hills District.
In this era, it is clear that students should be taught and led to employment and not to education to get employment.
For Luti Tuber SW, Ribait Lhuid scored in the 9th minute and Baiahluti Dhar in the 15th minute.
The East Khasi Hills District Administration on Friday issued a warrant against the illegal collection of money from private shops and other buildings in the district.
Ma Lahkmen, who is also the MLA of Amlarem, expressed his satisfaction with the implementation of these development schemes in his village.
Odisha scored 154 runs for the loss of all wickets.
Waheh Puramon Kynjin, Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, while speaking on the preparations for Behdeiñkhlam and various rituals, said that it is pleasant that this year we have a good environment. and the children of the king shall take part in the fulfillment of the will of Trekirot on the Soo-Sngi Le Ìaw.
On their part, they expressed their pleasure to visit Meghalaya, and said that they came earlier to understand the environment in the state.
This is not only illegal but also damages the highway and affects the public.
Incident Commander CP Mawkon has been appointed for the safety of the area.
HSS, West Khasi Hills, Player of the Tournament: Chibaitki Pamthied of St.Anthony’s HSS, East Khasi Hills District.
Tomorrow, Langsning will play against Nangkiew Irat.
“The nature has attracted crowds from all over the world.
At the same time, the Executive Engineer said that he will take up the matter with the higher authorities and assured that his office will strive to expedite the matter as much as possible.
The second Independence Cup was organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association and the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District through the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme (CMYDS).
After the initial protest to ban the sale of meat for two months if the market in Khanapara continues to be open every day and if the price of cows continues to rise as it has in recent days due to the overflow of cow traders The beef sellers have vowed that they cannot do anything except raise the price of beef as they have said that they cannot compete with the beef sellers to Bangladesh.
Speaking on the occasion, Paiem Wanphrang Syiem expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Ri-Bhoi Artist Group for taking this initiative to hold such a program for the purpose of showcasing the talents of the artists. Young people from Ri-Bhoi especially to be a platform to showcase their talents.
It is to be recalled that this project was allocated by the Central Government for the construction of houses for the poor in the Nongpoh area at a cost of T.7.80 crore since 2007-0 It is unthinkable that this scheme, which has been allocated by the Central Government, has been a waste of public money.
It can be witnessed that after this renovation and improvement of all the basa, it can be witnessed that it is the cleanest and most beautiful meat market of all the basa in the market. They expressed their satisfaction because this will bring a cleanliness to the meat they sell.
Nongstoiñ, July 24: The MLA/MDC of Mawshynrut constituency, Bah Gigur Myrthong, has reminded the people of Mawshynrut constituency to complete the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division. look forward to all the people of the city.
The source said that Rymbai may support the NPP candidate Wailad Shylla from Jowai Constituency who will contest against Dr. RC Laloo in the upcoming election. to 2018.
The District authorities had to pump water from the coal mine but because of the water tanks.
When asked how much his election will affect Bah Shylla, he said, “Bah Shylla doesn't have anything else now. “Shylla will do anything else, the fight will be between me and the MLA,” said Hilarious Warbah.
The player was part of the national team for the tournament.
The All Women Selection Committee of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has selected 15 players and team to represent the state in the upcoming Women's One Day Trophy Under-15 tournament. on November 26 in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
VPP MLA from North-Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the Government should order the State Police to be the protectors of rights in the border areas so that the residents can live in peace. safe.
The match was 1-1 until the end of the first half.
In the fourth match between Nonglatem and Mookyrdup, Nonglatem beat Mookyrdup 2-0 goals. The two goals were scored by Tomi Lamare in the 10th minute. 7 and 49 .
“There are also other areas where we will witness the withdrawal of security forces by the state governments in various areas as needed, and I do not want to speak in detail on this issue especially in relation to those areas. Sangma said he has also spoken to the CM of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma on the decision to visit the area. Block I and parts of Khanduli-Psiar.
The VC today in his office in relation to the Community College in Wahiajer, on his part promised to take care as he has been given the authority as Chairman to look after the progress of the work. I didn't build this College.
The exhibition will also feature portraits of freedom fighters from the North East who have not appeared in the world despite sacrificing their lives for the independence of India. .
He also expressed his regret for the youth who are now in despair in terms of employment, even after completing their studies in various fields.
On the other hand, the Minister said that action will be taken and urged the residents to pay the bill light exactly, so that if the transformers are lost, it will be easier for the department to replace them. The demand of the union is also to construct a new building for the residence of the SDO of MePDCL Mawshynrut division.
However, it is not possible even if the two parties agree to send patrols by the Central Force because those who do not claim to be the Sengbhalang of our nation will strongly oppose.
Dr Nonglait is one of the most well-known candidates for the UDP ticket but according to him, some UDP leaders have proposed his name as one of the candidates. The UDP has not yet applied for the ticket.
After the match, the referee awarded a tie breaker to determine the winners and in this tie breaker Braveheart won 5-3
To sleep sleep, say I'm going to fetnohkamto.
Paul has been charged under the POCSO Act.
“This 'local kha' is not available everywhere, but it is from Assam like Barpeta, Morigaon, Nagaon, Jagiroad and there are no more who come from other places,” said one of them. vendor.
Referring to the upcoming Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura constituencies, Sangma said the party has not yet taken any decision on the candidate from these two constituencies.
However, besides these phone numbers, there are other phone numbers used by the Director ERT and one of them is +9 to a teacher who lives in Lumdiengjri.
Taxi drivers will also carry placards with various slogans to protest against the increase in insurance prices and other issues related to taxi drivers. for sha for.
After winning the toss, SCA (B) failed to tied first and the match was postponed to 25 overs due to natural disasters.
On the other hand, Kong RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, urged the people to think for themselves and at the same time to follow the orders of the people. health, as well as to wear masks, to prevent the rapid spread of COVID-1
"Only my father and I are the native children of Bangladesh and therefore we have a great responsibility to our people," Hasina said.
Why do we listen to what we don't need when we have the power and authority? Do you need promises from servants? If we respect ourselves and our authority entrusted to us, we should only accept them and think that they will not thank us or steal from us.
Prof. Kma said the demand is to implement the NEP 2024-25 and not to act in a hurry.
College, Thomas Jones Synod College v/s St. Francis D" Assisi College and Iaikyntiew College v/s Jaintia Eastern College.
To keep yourself clean, at home, in the village and in the community is very important.
Shillong: In celebration of the Poshan Abhiyan, a cycle march was held in the city on Friday to raise awareness on the need for nutrition.
After retiring as a goalkeeper, Bah Bunya resumed his career as Goalkeeping Coach and completed the AFC Goalkeeping Course. Since 2013 he has been with Langsning Football Club and continued to work in this position until his death. from the face of the earth.
Regarding the funds for the purchase of human beings, the people should follow the example of the people of Umroi and Sohiong, that even if they take the money distributed to the people, they should give the support to those who should not. in the year
I agree with this statement of Samla Wanphrang because many journalists have announced the name of the driver of the Jeep Wrangler Rubicon, which went to A shop was destroyed at 10:30 pm in Malki recently.
“The employees of the Meghalaya House in Kolkata and Guwahati act like it is their own home, not like government employees,” said Process.
This is the bus from Yavatmal to Pune.
Earlier in April this year, a Dorbar Shnong was convened in Shella but it could not be held because men and women came out to protest. The Sohra Civil Sub-Division has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit the public from gathering.
In South West Garo Hills, there are 3 cases including 2 High Risk and 1 Returnee.
Linda also admitted that Elton composed a song for her after he broke up with her and the song is called Someone Saved My Life Tonight. You almost had your hooks in me, didn't you dear?', is what he said about me.
The anti social element will work if you make the wrong choice or don't say what you want.
The union advises these children, if they feel too strong, to try to destroy or cut off their own belongings or those of their parents, so that they can understand the value of this destruction. .
“We don't know why they don't want to come and talk,” said the leaders.
He said that so far he has tried to mark the two new roads and he has already informed the government and he will remind again in the budget session this year.
“We have met for a while and we have decided to go ahead with their relationship and we have completed the marriage, but it is small and they have only family members. “It's a good idea,” said Ashisha, who had earlier married Rajoshi Vidyarthi.
The Minister said this on 18th November while talking to reporters in Khliehriat.
Surprisingly, although the dam has been flooded and damaged by the floods, the PHE department has repaired it by filling it with stones and shyiap. part of the water supply to Jowai has been flooded every year, which has also caused a sharp drop in water levels.
He said that electricity outages happen frequently even when there is no interruption from natural forces.
The HYC also alleged that these people involved in the smuggling are powerful and that is why they are not allowed to smuggle illegal goods from India to Bangladesh and from Bangladesh to India.
Others who attended the event included the BDO of Laskeiñ Block, BDO of Thadlaskeiñ Block and others.
Referring to the problems faced by the Muster Roll workers due to the lack of timely payment, the CM said that after they took over the government in 2018, they have no He said that the delay in payment of salaries to the Muster Roll employees for many reasons, but he promised to take immediate action to resolve these issues.
The BJP won 71 MPs, while Yadav's party won only five MPs and the Congress won only Rahul Gandhi and his mother Sonia Gandhi in the state. Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has won only two MPs in the elections. In Uttarkhand, the BJP has won 12 MPs in the state, which has 14 MPs. In Uttarkhand, there is a strong doubt that the government in the state will win The BJP has won five MP seats from the state ruled by Harish Rawat of the Congress party, which has been defeated since the beginning of the elections. the State and that it has not won a single MP this time.
He urged Bah Himalaya Muktan MLA Mawsynram and the MSCDC to demand a Civil Sub Division only when they see that others have received it.
On the other hand, Sharath praised Deepit and Jash, saying, “Both of them are very talented.
Dongmi Surong scored the first goal for Umladkhur in the 23rd minute.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 19: A house has almost been destroyed by a fire, after a two-storey house caught fire suddenly this morning.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah S Pdang, Public Prosecutor, District and Sessions Court, East Jaintia Hills District, congratulated the District Integrated Strategy for HIV/AIDS (DISHA) and MCSWA for their hard work and achievement. This program is related to HIV/AIDS which also involves the participation of people from different villages.
The injured were identified as Singh Lama, 70, Suresh Lama, 25, Seema Sharma, 26, Lapa Lama Bhutia, 42, Amudla Dewry, 43, Chandan Pasmi, years, and Umesh Sharma 9 years.
Both the matches will be played at 3 pm.
However, this is no longer the case because there are adequate facilities to provide treatment to those who are mentally ill.
“The company is free to operate more than one unit with only one trading licence,” said James Sylliang.
Speaking on the occasion, Paiem Balajied Sing Syiem expressed his deep sorrow over the incident of Macmillan and his friends and condemned the people of the area who have dared to kill Macmillan. They robbed the life of this young man by accusing him of menshohnoh.
Through these two goals, Malki encouraged the team to score.
According to sources close to the Ministry of Agriculture, there are more than 500 Producers Groups which have not yet received the FOCUS scheme. In the Ministry of Agriculture, PGs should have about 20 members.
The citizens of every constituency in Meghalaya are suffering from corruption.
The mortality rates of children under five years of age and maternal mortality rates among women during pregnancy and childbirth are alarming in the State.
in/Scripts/BS_NBFCList.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan said that Meghalaya has grown in the last nine years and praised the State Government for implementing the visions of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. to make the country prosperous in all aspects.
The sons of Sing Laitlan fell into the crematorium and it was dark until they were beaten with Syntiew or tied with bombs and beaten with Mombati. it is difficult to stay.
Be careful of objects that can injure children, such as knives, knives, light bulbs, wires, knives, pins and others7
Rohit Sharma (2/19) and Karan Tamang (2/38) took two wickets each.
Adding to this, the Co-Adviser of NEHUSU, Samla Comingstar Kharsyntiew, said, “We would like to make it clear that we are not against the proposal of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to include this language as one of the but we want to ask why he doesn't take care of other lines of study.
Khalsa Warriors, who won the toss and elected to bat first, allowed Raj Bhawan to tied first for 189 runs for the loss of nine wickets. 35 overs.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 30: To allow talented children to train themselves in many fields from cooking, construction, sewing to sports and others, the government has struggled to open The Chief Ministers Youth Center in Umling was inaugurated today to encourage such youths to develop and encourage them to do their own jobs in many fields. Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi Arpit Upadhyaya in the presence of BDO Umling Block and MCYC leaders. The center has helped the youth in this age not to rely only on government jobs but to stand on their own feet, because this center allows talented people to train themselves in the skills they have and it is also How to organize yourself through this centre.
On the other hand, the MLA also expressed his special thanks and gratitude to St. Joseph School for taking this step to honor him as MLA with the hope of working together with the school to improve the school. education and all the necessities, he added.
This was also approved by the Central Government by signing a Memorandum of Understanding.
Shillong: Police in Delhi have rescued a girl who was stabbed to death in Rajasthan.
Shangpliang also spoke about the Them Metor which has not been able to do anything yet and that until now the area has been closed to traffic and has caused traffic jam.
Shillong: On the allegation by the BJP that there is serious corruption in the two district councils, Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, the Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that He said that the BJP has not yet lodged any complaint with the state government.
I have seen my own children and I have also learned from my friends and acquaintances that the children have become too busy watching and playing mobile games.
“Our people had left Byrnihat but the ambulance entered Umsning Police Station, we couldn't say anything else, the police who were there took over,” he said.
“We know and accept that you have been employees of the Association for many years and we appreciate your hard work but we cannot accept that you have taken advantage of the Association just because you have worked for many years. Association in operation and in all aspects" and we cannot accept that you accuse fellow SSA teachers that they are not members of the Association that we elect as office bearers because all SSA teachers who have joined the Association They are full members of the Association and can be elected as office bearers within the Association because as the Association we elect members and conveners for the needs and when the Association needs”.
The discussion has come to an agreement and the Council will take action to convene the Committee with the Syiem, Ministers of Mylliem Hima and the office bearers of the HFU,” said Jambor.
He said that from T.15.50 per km per head since 2011, the price has been increased to T.18 per kilometer per head and 200 tyngka per 100 kilometers will be charged for those vehicles. tourist taxis with Air Conditioning.
When the chip is inserted in the right hand or in the left hand, the chip shall not be accepted, the one who does not accept it shall not sell or buy it, the one who does not accept it shall be killed. .
The Pastor expressed his fear that our mistakes will limit the holiness of God and destroy the Church and Christianity.
He is Scotland's richest man, but Anders Holch Povlsen was unable to help his beloved children when they were killed in a bomb blast. which happened in Sri Lanka last Sunday.
It was observed that this place has been covered with garbage and has been badly damaged because there has been no improvement and maintenance in these decades.
Now we are going to the people with humility, as we have produced leaders from this constituency.
The Chairman of the Election Committee of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) Enrico D Pasi has resigned from his post on the 13th of this month.
Another shortcoming of the employees of the board is the non-implementation of the Assure Career Progression Scheme (ACPS) by the government to those employees who remain without promotion.
If the people do not know and do not know how to elect their rulers, the state will remain in poverty and the suffering will be for the people themselves.
Dolly Khonglah, Secretary Meghalaya Exporter and Importer Chamber of Commerce and the guest speaker was Smt.
Umkiang Police Station recovered the bodies at a distance of 50 to 70 meters and took them to Khliehriat CHC for post mortem examination.
On the demand for the removal of James from the electricity department, the Presidents of various parties said that it is up to the Prime Minister to take any decision.
Therefore, the BJP's goal is to improve and strengthen the income generation in the region.
Nongpoh, Nailur 17: “The KSU cannot be accused of destroying the nation, as the KSU is one of the organizations that is still saving the nation, walking on the path of peace and the KSU has never KSU President Samla Lambokstar Marngar said while speaking as a leader at the confirmation ceremony of the office bearers of the two offices under the KSU. KSU Umktieh Unit and KSU Mawtneng Unit on Saturday.
In relation to this biopic, Madonna has decided to direct it herself and feels that she is the only one who can do whatever is necessary for this biopic.
Disparsing said that according to the RTI reply received from the Directorate of Health Services (MI), there are doctors, staff nurses and 4 grade staff in the Civil Hospital Shillong. who have not received their salaries since they worked when Meghalaya was hit by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: A bomb blaster in Williamnagar has surrendered to police on Tuesday and police have arrested him. Two other close friends of the GNLA have been arrested. The GNLA who surrendered was identified as Lalit N Marak while his friends were arrested. They were identified as Jackstar M Sangma alias Jaksrampa and Bishnu. They were arrested in a raid at Nokrek Bolmoram, East Garo Hills.
They too will wait for the winner among the seven with the expectation that the winner will provide the best service in various fields.
'The Henna Artist' is a film based on a book written by Alka Joshi.
In fact, the Government has advised him that since the two-year struggle is 14-14, it is difficult for either side to manage its affairs properly. Therefore, an Administrator shall be appointed by the Lat and shall conduct the affairs of the District Council, as provided for in the Act and as has been done in the past, in such cases.
He said that before getting the approval from the Cabinet, a thorough review has been conducted by various government departments.
“This is no longer the time to raise the flag and protest against this garbage, but to discuss how to build and think better to solve the garbage problem,” said Ma Sniawnbhalang. add that only speech can solve the problem.
He said that he has built many houses from his salary and own funds for the poor families across the constituency and he said that he will continue to do so. they have no mercy for the poor and needy.
Why do you speak against the people of the law?” He asked for forgiveness, “Forgive me, I have sinned.
The incident occurred after members of the HYC-RMC on 24th June arrested two trucks carrying muid with the intention of smuggling to Bangladesh.
The farmers also campaigned against the BJP in UP and other states despite the long-running protests against the central government over the three farmers' laws.
The training was conducted by Habandajop Lyngdoh, an employee of SURE who has been trained in this field.
Special leaders come and go, they bring development and we are filled with respect for them.
You must have a clear goal for science in the country if you want to reach this level.
When asked by the BJP MLA whether Assam has already responded to the Meghalaya government which claims that Mukroh is still within the border of Meghalaya, Himanta said that the issue has been resolved. check at various levels of government.
“We need to have the political will on this issue to end the crisis,” he said.
The District Council has been functioning until now through elections.
Shillong, Lber 22 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday informed the House that the construction of one Residential School has been completed while 18 others have not been completed.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) led by NEHUSU has given the central government until the 30th of this month to appoint a VC. NEHU otherwise they have threatened to intensify their protests.
Ibankmen Bynnud Sohra, 22 years old, is the youngest son of E.Bynnud and M.Rajee of Pdeng Shnong, Sohra. .
“To move forward with the work of the former EC, we have decided to meet with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to suggest the establishment of a market in the area where the metor drivers live,” said the CEM. the main objective is to relieve traffic congestion and market congestion by setting up market vendors.
Tura, Jymmang 16: A strong storm has struck Gambegre area of ​​West Garo Hills this morning and damaged many houses, plants and buildings from the roads besides cutting off electricity lines.
Then there came a voice from heaven, saying, O king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken; Thy kingdom is departed from thee.
Please join us on fB “MeghOlympics”.
It is the most encouraging thing to say to your children.
He said that the rumor spreading the relationship between Aadhar number and 666 did not come from the right forum but was spread and talked about by people here and there.
Speaking to media, Iaishah Rymbai after a meeting with the SE of MePDCL said that the village has been without electricity since 3rd June and the village has also informed the SE. MePDCL Umiam department on the following day but no action has been taken by the authorities which has put the people in great trouble.
The Sanctuary is the habitat and habitat of many Schedule-I Species.
Only Mawshynrut Block has received scheme assistance, but the arrival of NREGS has been a blessing to these villages.
It may be recalled that the five shops affected are two grocery shops of Bonlina Kharjahrin and Drip Wartde, two shops of Biak Wartde and Di- Ramsiej, and a shop owned by Ridalin Lyngkhoi.
Advertisement No:- Com/Trans/Manpower/48/2019/14 (Date:- 16-07-2019).
The Seng demands that the authorities should punish them according to the rules of law.
When asked how he feels about the power of the Congress candidate Dikkanchi Shira, Conrad said he does not know but the people know better.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Electricity and Electricity, today said that the price of smart meter, which he announced in the House, is only for the smart meter, without counting others. other equipment required for the installation of a smart meter.
“I urge the MLA to come forward and tell the truth, whether the allegation is true or false, he should come forward and go to court so that the people will know. “It's not clear whether the MLA is doing it or not,” said James Sylliang MDC Mawhati.
Therefore, it is time for us as leaders to take responsibility to protect our own people and to show the ways and means to overcome many evils in society. , so that the Khasi people will not be ridiculed by other peoples of the world.
He said that Bernard has committed many illegal acts which have made the public know and see and this will affect him and even the BJP because the BJP is fighting against him. they have committed many crimes.
In the 1990s, there were no school buses operated by the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) and hundreds of children, both men and women, used these buses.
When these fishermen and Bah Petrus saw this, they struggled to rescue the child despite the storm and the rising water.
At the meeting, the MP said that from this year, the State Government will need to release 10% State Share, and after that the Central Government will release 90%. % central share within 30 days.
The meeting was conducted by Dawankmenlang Lyngdoh, Program Manager, Office of the Superintendent of Fisheries. Welcome speech was delivered by Bah KT Nongsteng, MCS, Assistant Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District.
Although Lajong scored two goals, they came back strongly to turn the tide through Deibormame in the 26th minute.
On the evening of November 23, the band of Bah Eladmitre Dkhar and DJ Wanshan, will perform in the village.
You are also the descendants of the same ancestors.
On the other hand, the President of NEHUTA, Prof Lakhon Kma said, “Regarding the violation by Prof PS Shukla (of the NEHU Acts and others) as the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Shillong, we request you as a Visitor of NEHU to intervene and order him to withdraw the letter dated May 12, 2023 sent to all principals of educational institutions affiliated to the university which is urgent, irregular, before it brings more He also urged the President not to issue an order to prevent him from acting in a violent manner by misusing his powers as Vice Chancellor. NEHU and its authority as the Academic Council for violating the rules and dignity of the university, its affiliated institutions and also the students who are mostly indigenous and especially for the benefit of the of the citizens of Meghalaya.
There are 278 government schools where children with disabilities and those with disabilities attend together.
The cows and goats that give us milk every day are also given injections to keep them healthy and produce more milk.
“This has been a practice since ancient times because there is no black market for wine stores,” said the source.
Up to 1830 players from 61 teams from 72 villages in the Nartiang Constituency took part in the tournament.
The question now is whether these 9,000 people will be able to own the land as in Meghalaya as the land tenure system in Northern Assam is very different from the state. Meghalaya.
Sources said that if the rain continues to fall again, there could be another landslide in the area.
I was also surprised that he had registered Bhalang.
“Our country has many diseases, this is only the beginning of the reservation policy but we have to fight against corruption, corruption and corruption because democracy and power belong to the people,” he said. .
At least 11 people have been killed and several injured after an earthquake struck Indonesia on Tuesday.
“Those who used to feel isolated will now have the opportunity to connect more,” the Prime Minister said.
When asked, the president of the Seng said, “It is very regrettable that the authorities have not done anything and we have had to take responsibility for this which in fact is our duty. of the district authorities and other relevant authorities to arrest or punish these people who are illegally occupying this area.
It may be recalled that recently, Bah Vincent H Pala, who is also MP of Shillong, has praised the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, for completing the high level kids; who were allegedly involved in the illegal smuggling of coal into the state.
Who is willing to smoke, smoke cigarettes while watching football on the polo field, while driving in the grounds even inside hospitals, in government offices and in the market places except those who do not light themselves? Even in the synagogue, many did not believe.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, has announced that there will be no lockdown in the 10th District. days in Ri Bhoi and will start from 1st to 10th June this year.
A police source said that the robbers, after breaking the shutter of the bank, also broke the silver bar, supported by a lyngknot tang. to escape from the hole, and to enter into it.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Lester Nongbet, said that during the inspection, it was found that the condition of the area is very poor, which the government has not done anything and which There are still many shortcomings, of which the most obvious example is that not a single vehicle is in the area, checking for illegal entry of foreigners.
The Procession of the Eucharist was led by the Savio Junior Band Shillong and as soon as the procession started, it started to rain, but the procession went smoothly.
However, what is most important for many people is that the Government of India or the Government of Meghalaya really does not give them the freedom that the people want and desire.
This makes me think and write.
How short?.
The Pope also called on mankind to provide shelter to the refugees of Ukraine and strongly condemned those who live to think of the power of weapons.
The meeting will be held at 7 pm and will be a resumption meeting or will be dissolved after the allegations and handshakes.
The President of the KSU strongly condemned the shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih by the Border Security Force (BSF) in Mawshun and said that the KSU demands that the government should punish those involved in this incident. kill people.
He takes if the mother has six daughters without counting the sons.
The program was held at the Trysem Hall Deputy Commissioner Office, where the government aims to improve the quality of education in the state by using these mobile tablets to the students of Class XI. modern technology, so that it can be of benefit in the education of children.
The Government in collaboration with the NIC, Meghalaya, has launched an online application on 8/09/2022 to allow residents, householders/tenants, to register themselves with proof from the village authorities.
The Jowai-Shillong-Guwahati Tourist Cab Association (JTOA) has held a protest and burning of candles in Jowai on Tuesday as a sign of condolence over the killing of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, a tourist driver from Jaintia Hills. The protest was held at the Indica Stand.
“The Prime Minister has spoken about the North East and Meghalaya many times since the beginning of this programme.
After splitting from the NCP, Purno Sangma formed the National People's Party (NPP) on 6th June
People who were present at the scene immediately rushed to the scene and managed to rescue the six persons in time and finally rescued Trisha after 5 minutes of rescuing the others. Trisha was rushed to Nongtalang CHC but when she arrived at the hospital, the doctors said she died before reaching the CHC. The boat is run by the Raid Amwi Tourism Promotion Society (Krang Suri) and the boat carrying seven people is newly built and is still at the boat. It's been a month since the organizers tried to encourage the visitors to board.
Shillong, November 11: The Syiem of Mylliem (Kpoh Mawlai) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the implementation of the work of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through the Executive Member in-charge of the Elaka. The new king in the Hima Mylliem.
Aizawl: The Speaker of the Mizoram Assembly, who is one of the senior leaders of the Congress in the state, has rejected the party's ticket to contest the Assembly elections from the constituency. Claws.
In East Khasi Hills, 86 cases including 4 cases from Armed Forces and 82 cases from civilians, 13 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 56 cases in Ri Bhoi District. One case in South Garo Hills, four cases in West Jaintia Hills and one case in South West Khasi Hills.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Dulong, D.Dkhar.
The polling for the 230 members of the Madhya Pradesh State Legislative Assembly will be held on 28th November and the results will be announced on 11th November
One of the chief soldiers, when he saw the terrible acts of violence, committed by these soldiers, against children, children and women as well.
We need to plant bridges in the right places.
While one of them is seriously injured, the other two have sustained minor injuries," the army official said.
At the same time, drivers were urged not to install lights, flashing lights or sirens in their vehicles.
Mookyndur SC beat Mukhla Evergreen 1-0 in the first division football match of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
Like the Pnars, when there are farmland that they have taken care of, there are those who cut down trees to clean, plant and cultivate, there are those who bring trees to burn, to build houses but they have to pay money to the Forest. Check Gate to Assam without any receipt or documents, and it is a demand for money from the people.
According to the letter, the HNLC said that this decision was taken on the grounds that the Government has not implemented the demands put forward by the HNLC before the start of the peace talks.
In the second innings, Odisha continued for 59 runs and scored 317 runs to set the target.
He said that many development projects have been brought to Sohiong such as C&RD Block, PWD, MeSeb, roads, banks, market and others. there are other people who speak against it.
Relatives of any missing person can identify the deceased at the Civil Hospital, Shillong and contact the following numbers – 0364-2231408 and 0364-2222214/2
Even if the Constituent Assembly cannot correct the mistake, but I must be careful, because this small district of Khasi Hills is under the jurisdiction of 25 traditional Hima with which there is a treaty with. that the government does not rule in Delhi.
Laitlulong scored the first goal through Wellistar Nongbri in the 42nd minute but this did not discourage the players. Imanbha Marbaniang scored two goals in the 45th and 47th minutes.
After thorough discussions, and after visits by the regional committees, it was learned that 18 sq km will go to Meghalaya and 18 sq km will go to Assam.
On the same day, the Principal of the college, Jehirul Islam, was also congratulated.
Tura, Jymmang 12: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad Sangma on Tuesday said that the NPP-led government has worked hard to maintain peace and stability in the country. State.
The mother of the girl has brought more confidence and trust to the man after he came to their residence and during this visit she has brought more and more confidence and trust to the man. trust your mother and this young woman.
There are about four tourist houses but these have not been properly maintained and now they have become hiding places for goats and cows and in many parts of the houses they have been destroyed.
Scolish Manih of Police Reserve, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the Police that on the 2nd of this month while he was on duty with the Police and Magistrate at Mawkhar, Shillong, about 900 people were killed. At 11 pm, a petrol bomb was thrown at him but he escaped and at the same time he was thrown a stone in the face. He was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The central theme of this Wildlife Month is “Life under Water: For People and Planet.
The Khasi Khara family:-In my opinion, the giving of jait to the mother has brought about a great sin of bloodshed in the Khasi family where the brothers and sisters come to marry each other.
It is learned that the cause of the fire was because when they went out to rest in the morgue, they forgot to extinguish the mombati.
Deranius Wahlang of Bhoi won the best goalkeeper title in the men's category, Ibakordor Hujoh of West Jaintia in the U-18 category and Luckystar Lawai of U-15 category. Deimima D Syiem of East Khasi Hills and the women's category.
The KNGCSU also clarified that the public meeting on the 10th of November was to demand various issues that the students have the right to demand according to the democracy of the country.
Blah said the question arises whether it is for this reason that the Governor has decided to approve the two Bills relating to the customs and traditions of Hynniewtrep.
The North Eastern States have been granted ILP or ADC.
"The Principal's words were answered. Rida immediately responded.
The five teams that topped the Europa League group stage were drawn along with the teams that qualified through the knockout round play-offs, and the clubs in the same group were drawn in the They didn't play before the quarter finals.
Speaking to reporters, many of these vendors, who did not want to be named, said that if the price of these products continues to rise, they will have to stop selling 'waidong' because they can no longer afford it. In the past, they used to give up to 5 words at the price of T.10 but now they cannot publish even 4 words.
Speaking on this footbridge, in the past years there have been inspections and discussions from the District Administration of Ri Bhoi, the Nongpoh Town Committee and also the people of Ri Bhoi. In the past years, there has been a budget for the construction of this footbridge and until today, no signs have been seen for the construction of this footbridge. Speaking on the construction of the footbridge in Nongpoh, it has become one of the needs of the people to be safe in coming and going for the purpose of using the road.
He said that although there are many problems in the field of health, the government is struggling to overcome them.
And perhaps you will say that we who are wise, learned and enlightened no longer believe in that thlen and in that thlen story.
Therefore, I don't want to argue, I don't want to waste time with such issues.
The Jowai Presbyterian Church Market Management Committee today inaugurated the Fish Retail Outlet at Iaw Chyiap Jowai. keep the fish clean, that they may be eaten.
Shillong, Nailar 22 : It is a great honor and pride for the state in which two brothers who are Muay Thai players have won medals for the state and India in the Muay Thai tournament ( Youth IFMA Championship) which was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from 9th to 21st July
Its victory and fame is a great honor not only for the State but for India as a whole.
Jowai, June 18: The Open Cricket Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WCCC) on Tuesday at Madan Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium. Ummulong Sports Club beat Evergreen Sports Club Mukhla Mission by 82 runs.
They said that those who have two/three floor houses, those who are stupid because they are the people of the MLAs/MDCs, while the households who are covered with phlang, even if they shed blood, no one believes them.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also the new Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday denied that there will be another curfew in the state, despite the increase in the number of people in the state. Covid patients.
“Whoever the authorities who come to destroy the villages on the border, we will know clearly when we can meet with the residents to understand who is destroying them because until now we don't have clear information. but if there is a meeting with the residents, we will be clear”.
In the end, there are only a few who are the cornerstones for the welfare of this state and its economic development.
Even the local parties, which are part of the North East Regional Parties Front (NERPF), have made it clear that they are now under the banner of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA). The BJP, however, did not succeed, as its leader Neiphiu Rio, who is also the Chief Minister of Nagaland, did not receive any share in the ministerial election today.
Dr Sangma said the central government will continue to introduce new laws to protect against violence and abuse of domestic workers.
Bah Bindo said that in fact, the work has come to an end, but it will take another 10 months to complete the process so that it can be sent back to the government. The Executive Committee shall implement the Bill before it becomes law.
MeECL officials together with the police in the presence of members of the HYC have immediately taken action to cut off the electricity line and confiscate all the electrical wires from the area. .
He is one of the most famous digital designers who has participated in various Hollywood, Bollywood and TV programmes.
He said the time has come for the government to start taking strong action against those who continue to allow these people to stay in the government land.
However, the BJP is dedicated to the people and all those in the BJP follow that principle”.
Shillong, Nailar 1 : The MLA of South Shillong Constituency together with the members of the MCIC on Saturday held a request meeting with all the Dorbar Shnongs of Raid Laban in the presence of the SP (Traffic) and Addl. .SP to demonstrate the traffic management in this Constituency to reduce traffic jam.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by Parliamentary Secretary I/C C&RD and IPR Rophul S Marak and Parliamentary Secretary I/C Water Resources Asha Hel D Shira.
On the other hand, the KSU Umrynjah Unit has expressed its deep anger over the act of Kyrshan Rynjah, who has no spirit of knowledge until he commits such an act. children who do not understand what is right and what is wrong.
Then in a few months we can get two more to 31,” said Prestone.
In a statement, the VPP Spokesperson, Dr Batskhem Myrboh, said that in these two days, the students have a lot of work to do to provide the necessary documents. (print) their marksheets and complete their registration in various schools and colleges.
Shillong: The Director of the North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH), Prof (Dr) PK Goswami today, while speaking to the media to explain the protest of the students of this bag read.
“They have not yet taken any decision, I have already asked them yesterday,” said Bah Blah.
The Minister promised that his Government will take action to resolve these issues as soon as possible.
In the second half, Nongbri (Nongjri) FT scored another goal through Apbor Kurbah in the 64th minute and Kitbok Pale in the 90+1 minute. Kmenlang Marthong scored the first goal for YC in the 78th minute.
However, at the same time, he expressed his regret over the defeat of Dr Mukul Sangma from Tura.
The Khasi soldiers who died in France were probably only a few hundred.
“The threat of corruption has now risen to the heads of the people from the rulers,” he added.
I have written to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, that the Corona or Covid-19 pandemic is increasing and increasing rapidly in Meghalaya these days, because the Government has left the infected in the long-term. in their own homes and in their own villages.
Secretary of W.J.Y.C.
Finally, as human beings, we also need to ask God for clarity on whom we should choose for the happiness of our country and nation and the future of our children.
In Ri Bhoi District, 5 cases were reported from Lumdaitkhla and 12 from Umsning.
In the morning, he said, he spends more time exercising. “In the morning I exercise, I play gym and at 7:30 pm every morning, I drink breakfast and at 11 pm I eat breakfast,” he said. he said.
Population growth will reduce the area for agriculture and there will be a greater demand for agricultural products, water supply and a rich and prosperous agriculture.
During his visit to Ri Bhoi, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat visited the Aganwadi Center in Umdihar and met with the children. The Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District to inquire about the implementation of development projects through the Central Government in this district.
The NPYF Umroi Block office bearers said that they want Damanbait Lamare to be the candidate from the constituency and if the NPP leaders allow him to be the candidate from the constituency. They said that they will work hard and win him from this constituency in the 2023 elections from the NPP Party. The NPP has appointed the son of Ma Ngaitlang Dhar as the candidate from this constituency, recalling that during the tenure of Ma Ngaitlang MLA, Umroi has received many development projects. , Therefore, on that basis, the NPYF office bearers want Damanbait Lamare to take over what his father has led, for the purpose of bringing about many development projects in Umroi Constituency, so that that it may be of true benefit to the people.
Therefore, the union does not allow the quarry to operate until it can meet the needs of the people and especially to stop the production of water pumps during the operation of the quarry. stone.
The awards were presented by the chief guest, Mr RV Warjri, along with Mr N Munish Singh, Zonal Director, Raj Bhavan Shillong and Mr Raphael Warjri. , Chief Creative Director, Riti Academy of Visual Arts.
“We thank God for giving us once again to survive and it is thanks to His presence and protection that we are still alive four years after the bombing by illegal coal miners on .
Hunt said in addition to the budget for Ukraine, another $670 million has been added to the IMF's Poverty Reduction and Growth Trust, as well as $3.3 billion for the United Nations. Resilience & Sustainability of the IMF itself, so that Ukraine can adapt to climate change.
Rose Mary Shadap, resident of Narwan village, said that the main purpose of the Soh Ñiamtra festival is to promote Soh Ñiamtra in the village, not only in the state but also in the country. other states and even to the countries of the world.
Pasyih Cultural Sports Club, Risingsun Mukhla and Nonglatem won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Tournament organized by WJDSA at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
It has taken a decision not to publish any news, publicity or otherwise related to the prime minister.
Shillong, Iaiong 7: U Bah Dispar Singh Rani, who has contributed to writing in various Khasi newspapers for about 20 years, has expressed his surprise over the allegations. The MCMC has also ordered the UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh to include an additional T.50,000 in his expenses, alleging that the writings of the leader have been violated. This is a paid news article.
He said that the Umsning Town Durbar has expressed its satisfaction with the return of this officer, because in his public service it has found that he is one of the officers who has a true spirit of service. In his capacity as a public officer, many changes have come in the villages. What is more pleasant is that this officer is one of the officers who has the spirit to promote the Longkmie through SHGs. or various societies and it is during his tenure as an officer that many women in Ri Bhoi have benefited along with other development works that this officer has done for the people and as the people also have benefited. “To encourage such officers who work hard for the people,” said the Chairman of Umsning Town Durbar, Bah Rocky Kylla.
According to the villagers, these villages have been in existence for more than 100 years and have been recognized as Revenue Villages under the Silchar Sadar Circle.
As the chief guest, he congratulated the KSU Barak Valley Circle for being able to carry out their daily activities and urged them to be leaders in thinking and encouragement. Speaking to the students who received the awards, the KSU leader said that the circle will be able to work well to address the problems faced by the circle. “As a nation, we should understand the value of education, the KSU stands by us, You must be like lights to shine and be like a stick to protect your brothers and sisters now and from generation to generation. They will continue to rise and fall and produce bright fruits which can show that as a nation we are strong in mind and with wisdom and understanding we will move forward,” he added.
After the death of Mahendra Singh Tikait, Rakesh Tikait was appointed as the farmer of the Indian Farmers Union and Naresh Tikait is now the president of the union.
According to the Secretary of Kuliang Village, the incident happened on Tuesday.
The deceased was identified as Kyntiew Shadap (19) and the other seriously injured was identified as Eleven Roy Makri (26). The injured were rushed to CHC Bhoirymbong for treatment.
Marvin Jyrwa and three friends, Meibifil Buam, 22, of Mawryngkneng, were arrested by the ANTF of East Khasi Hills. Khrawboklang Kharkongor, 29, of Mawlai Umsaw and Aiborlang Laitmon, 28, of Mawlai Nongpathaw.
She said that the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi cannot clean up the country or the state without the participation of all the people.
The BJP leader also alleged that the NPP-led MDA government has conducted high level work in the state.
“In South Tura, we have a joint candidate from the MDA contested by Conrad K Sangma but in Ranikor, there have been many candidates and there is no joint candidate,” he said.
Inaugurating the Block, the Chief Minister said, “PA Sangma has a close relationship with the people of Adokgre.
After the Director and staff of ICAR, the KSU and RBYF, have blocked the entrance to the Director's office and also planned to close down the entire ICAR department. , but after the police who were present at the scene, explained to them, they stopped to close the scene to enter the ICAR. KSU and RBYF leaders against Bah Alfast Bareh, because he is the person who has been appointed to look after the welfare of these security guards at ICAR, where they demanded that he should They also demanded that he should pay the salary of these security guards.
Not only that, this will also affect the time when they return home.
(iii) It is also clear that the HNLC has weakened in many respects and especially in the number of members.
L.Pariat in an interview with the media said, “We have launched this protest after the expiry of the deadline given to the Government on the 21st of this month to demand the release of the outstanding salary. from November, 2021 to June, 2022.
The training will start on 4th December 2023 and end on 23rd February
Lack of fear of God and lack of respect for man lead to violence.
After an agreement to send the Manager to talk to the union leaders, they promised to immediately resolve and allow the gate to operate again. On the other hand, the Sengbhalang groups demanded that the manager of the tax collection center should be removed immediately so that no further incidents will occur.
“The KSU has always urged the paradoh ki parasnam, that before bringing foreigners to the place of work, they should first provide the necessary documents and have the responsibility of the foreigners. part of them, that they should not be allowed to earn illegal and work illegal.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Syiem of Raid Marwet, Mylliem Hima said that the Rangbah Shnongs under the jurisdiction of the Raid Marsien Sanad have become angry and do not respect the Syiem anymore. mon is yours.
Bah Maksing Wahlang alleged that the village had also threatened to throw water on him if he did not leave the village.
“Today, officials from the Survey of India also attended the meeting and we requested them to expedite the clearing of the boundary line at three places at least within the 31st. October 10th.
The election in Sohiong had to be temporarily postponed due to the death of the UDP candidate and former Minister, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The examination was conducted as part of the selection of youth to train for the Civil Service Examination outside the state at the expense of the party.
In the evening, the Chief Guest together with the CEM also visited the Ïing trep of various Hima.
However, this request and jali jaum of his, ended only during the elections, while now, the CSWO has found with his own eyes that he has not been able to work for the people, but the work of It is by destroying the roads and paths used by the people from time to time.
For more information please call the following numbers – 8414080382 /76409 83028 /
I hope they will always be with me,".
There have been many tree trunks that have been planted by the government and private groups from time to time.
Shortly after, many people saw Rahul Gandhi's sofa, they immediately took pictures and compared Rahul Gandhi's seat in the tractor with Mr Bean's seat. which he rides in a chariot and walks in the city, with a table and a sofa.
The Seng is surprised that this Professor who came to this job to teach but he is like a wild man and a stone jynthut who dares to threaten the students who want to complete their studies. of studies.
On the same day, Ngen Khongshei was appointed Acting Sordar Raid and he died on 23/3/2
For vehicles, only those who have Car Passes are allowed to leave the road, but those vehicles without Car Passes will be punished according to the rules of law.
The Business Advisory Committee (BAC) chaired by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma will meet on Friday for the sessions.
At present, this road has been paved all the way, but the painting has not yet started and the question now is whether the PWD will do anything to this road which has been paved. Many years and the question is who will clean the road because there are two contractors as shown by the signs on the road.
With the approval of the Ordinance by the Governor on Thursday, it has been placed before the people.
On all these issues, Nujorki as an MLA urged the government to take action as soon as possible so that the people can be freed from this problem which they have faced in the 71st century. twenty years.
The Additional Chief Secretary said the office of the Chief Secretary has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Assam to inform him of the incident.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has tried its best to provide special flights to evacuate students and residents of Meghalaya from Manipur, including students from the Agriculture University, 10 from the Institute of Food Technology, 25 football players from the Lajong team, and others.
Ravi Sunar, 26, of Downgate, Nongpoh, was arrested last night at Downgate, Nongpoh. After that, they informed the police, on suspicion that this youth was involved in the illegal sale of drugs in Nongpoh.
Regarding the collapse of parts of the Dwarksuid Bridge, Bah Goerge B.Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, said that the cause of the incident was This is due to the lack of attention of the government since the time when there was no damage to the bridge.
Another decision at the meeting was that the UDP will send a letter to the three District Councils in the state and suggest that they should discuss among themselves on the issue. and the decision of the High Court.
The injured include Aridam Das, 22, of Laban, Subharshi Das, Purkayastha, 22, and Saptarshi, 20, of Laststop; Pinak Deb, 23, of Barapathar and Bishal Ghosh, 24, of Lachumiere.
Another reason is that we can no longer pay attention to what the teachers say and explain in class.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Carnes Sohshang said that the opportunity to participate in various sports activities also leads to a healthy body and many benefits in the lives of individuals in the community. , it also brings fame and glory.
Therefore, as Khasi Khara who hold the right of jutang, we accept that Meghalaya ends in Mawsikar. There have been nearly 9 hearings in the High Court and Supreme Court regarding the border between Meghalaya. and Assam and taking into account the view of the judges, he said that the border already exists and there should be no confusion. The politicians have misled the District Administration, KHADC to fight for the annexation of Langpih and Nongmynsaw Hima to Meghalaya.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem said that during the raid, police seized a local taxi ML05 K 4437 at Lower New Colony and arrested Debojit. Ghosh, 28, Badonbok Marweiñ, 28, Ibapynhun Marweiñ, 29, and Macdonald Khongmalai,
“The DSC should issue an announcement according to the vacancy and appoint the candidates who have passed.
For more convenience, please call 9863560668, 9856632549, 8794307214, so that the party can serve better to the people, according to a statement released by Bah.
Regarding this selection, Lamang thanked his mother and the PFR management especially his coaches, who have helped shape his career until this year. I hope you will be selected to lead the club.
“If we go only for Vote on Account, the money can be allocated only for three months and we will have to meet again and the full allocation will not be available.
The fourth Christian denomination is the Presbyterian denomination called the Trumpet which has now been converted into the Church of God or Church of God founded by Rev. Wolley Mohon Roy in Mylliem. year 1902 (the date and month I have not been able to obtain from those who know me).
Bah Pynïaid said he is willing to ask them to cooperate, regardless of the political parties.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Education Secretary Samla Donald V Thabah said that in a meeting with the Director of Higher and Technical Education (DHTE) LR Sangma today, the KSU has confirmed that it will take action to provide classes to all the youth who have faced this problem.
In the past few days, there has been a strong controversy among some of the distinguished leaders of our state just because of an incident that happened in the Assembly on 22nd May
These games will also be one of the ways for skipper Nestor Lorenzo to test his team ahead of South America's World Cup Qualifiers which start in November.
After this, the Secretary of the Seng, Rgh Bantei S.Rumnong, read the prayer and after that, the duhalia played the sound of the ksing lait and the dancers and the leaders of the Seng came out again. to walk to Weiking Square, Jaiaw.
“Furthermore, the KSU and FKJGP have warned the Assam government not to interfere too much and at the same time the Meghalaya government should take action, otherwise the time will come when they will have to come forward to protect their rights. you pud you sam.
Allegedly, the gate at Umling is only to attract people, Bah Roy said, “The gate at Umling is not working at all, because it is not in the rules to authorize the state government to set up the gate.
This affects the State and the nation,” he said.
However, today they wanted to earn up to 6 lakh rupees, but were arrested and driven away by the police, because they were not allowed to earn.
In another match, Wasa FC took the lead in Group-D after beating Warima 3-1 at Chandmari Stadium in Tura.
This is 3.53 percent of GSDP. The salary will reach T.843 crore while the pension will reach T.108 crore.
At least 135 people have been killed and 5,000 injured in the explosion of 2,750 tonnes of ammonium nitrate.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kyntiew Syiemiong Secretary Nongspung Village Council said that cleanliness is very important as a society to avoid many kinds of diseases due to pollution.
She said that in the past years, there have been attacks by the Assam police on their farm, where they tried to forcefully set up a police station.
After the meeting, the Superintendent Engineer, said that the power outage in the village, was due to the failure of the transformer and it was necessary to replace it with a new one. replace it with a new one and it can last for a few days.
It is for this reason that the MDA government is now afraid that all the garbage will come out and has filed a complaint against Gokhale in court.
“Their actions have never been seen in India to improve roads, CHCs, PHCs have to lay the foundation stone by promoting them. “There are no new projects and they just show the people what they have done,” he said.
“The Modi Government has stepped up its efforts to ensure that the country is drug free,” Himanta said.
Meghalaya has recorded the highest population growth in the country in the last 40 years.
The summons was issued on the basis of a report by Jowai MLA DrRC Laloo to the MPCC on the complaints of the President of the Jowai Block Congress Committee.
Nongpoh, Lber 15: The sudden cold weather with heavy rainfall on Tuesday night has shocked many farmers in Ri Bhoi District, as many farmers have planted jhur ki jhep in their fields. which can cause losses to the farmers by the cold weather.
It is because they have to pay taxes in the two places where the BBASU, has to express its strong opposition until they go to meet the DC of Ri Bhoi, to address the issue. He met with the smugglers in the Byrnihat area.
We are all like a four-legged elephant that walks alone, not with the herd.
The SIT is headed by the SP (city) of East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem and will submit its report within 90 days, which is three months.
Saring's parents were visiting relatives when the house caught fire.
The overturning of the vehicle has caused problems to vehicles passing through the highway to Shillong and also to those coming from Shillong to parts of Upper Shillong.
Kishan, who led the state team in the Ranji Trophy, scored 695 runs from nine matches and became the first player from Meghalaya. I didn't score a century in first class cricket.
“This is the first meeting between the government and the principals and it is the first time that many people are not aware of the NEP 2020 and are still in the dark.
Sixteen persons were seriously injured in the incident including Cheanchi M. Sangma, 25, of Balsrittim, Williamnagar, Dasilang Lapasun, 25, of Madanriting, Dimrimbal Marak, 21, of Samanda Williamnagar. , Baia Dkhar, 29, of Nongthymmai, Ialarin Shangpliang, 32, of Mawsynram, Ibalang Kurumboi, 50, of Shillong, Tiubok Lyngdoh, 41, of Mawkyrwat, Dary Pariong, 41, of Mawprem. Suraia R Sangma, 40, of Resubelpara, Emmanuel Marak, 34, of Warima Williamnagar, Nikchira T Sangma, 20, of Maljanggre, Edman Pawa, 38, of Samanda Williamnagar, Pukam Marak, Chiam Sangma, 22, of Williamnagar and Chigatchi Sangma, 21, of Rajabala, West Garo Hills.
The death toll in Mumbai rose to 25 on Tuesday and 10 in Pune.
However, Mawphanlur is now another beautiful tourist destination that attracts people from all over the world.
After the 12 hour curfew, it was learned that the Sengbhalang may announce another protest, on Friday the 22nd of this month.
The Act states that the thickness of plastics shall not be less than 50 microns except those which can turn into water themselves in the soil.
He said that Bah Pynïaid had promised that after two months of the formation of the EC he would hold a meeting to go to the border with Assam to inspect the villages.
There was also a dispute between the union leaders and the Registrar of NEHU inside the office, who could not provide the necessities for the students who came to write the examination.
Shillong: The adhoc teachers under the umbrella of FASTOM, today started their protest by sitting in a hut, against the government's failure to listen to their demands in front of the MBOSE Shillong office.
In the past few years, when there was no covid 19 pandemic, hundreds of residents in the area, during the rainy season, every day after the heavy rains and landslides in the area. Where there are no such stones, they go to the mountains by choosing from among the stones that the rain has covered from the places where they have fallen.
There are the tribes of Nongbri, Nongpiur, Nongbsap, Nongrang, Nongsiej, Nongkynrih, Nongdhar and so on.
In other words, border problems and disputes can only be resolved through dialogue and understanding between the people living on the borders.
Speaking to media, Chairman of the Forum, Bah Chandame Sungoh, said, “If the Entity Tax Gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) remains in Khanduli, it will happen again. happened in Mukroh.
The VPP spokesperson said that the VPP invites the people to attend the event, where the MLAs of the party under the leadership of Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit will submit a letter to the Government. .
“If he appoints a CEM how to rule how to decide, if this happens at any time, it may fall again and this will lead to the thought that they will fight for the development of the people or He added that these incidents show that the KHADC does not have the 10th Schedule and the government is struggling to introduce it. Remove the 10th Schedule from the 6th Schedule, so that they can curb these differences and so that they can do their job properly.
The answer they gave is that if the incumbent MLA does not want to contest anymore, they have been ordered to send the name of another candidate from another party,” said Bah JA Lyngdoh.
Ahmed is still undergoing treatment at NEIG RIHMS, and is still in good health.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The BJP on Tuesday said that it is confident of winning many seats in the mid-term MDC elections in seven constituencies, especially in Laban-Mawprem, Mairang. good members of the party in these places.
He said the introduction of the Citizenship Amendment Bill by the Government of India shows that the Government of India has not yet taken into account the hill tribes.
Speaking on the occasion, the Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship, Bah Wanphrang Syiem, expressed his satisfaction that the people of Nongpoh have been able to renew the village leaders without any disturbance. They have that spirit of unity which is essential to bring within the community in order to preserve the culture and also to bring about the benefits of the people in all aspects.
Where did you go after that?
At the meeting, he expressed his sadness to see the road from Sohra to Majai which has been badly damaged and he said that he is sad to see that the people of this area have to walk everywhere. days through this road.
This is wrong when the EC is formed by the Cabinet and this puts the District Councils in trouble.
The photograph shows a man climbing onto the roof of the church and pulling several times on the wooden church at Chadwell Heath Baptist Church in Romford.
Others arrested are Deishim O Lamurong, 26, Bakstar Dkhar, 32, Eborlang Nongtdu, 35, Emerson Dkhar, 25, Roilang Dkhar, 36, Henry Shangpung, Kletin Suchiang, 27, and November Dkhar,
Shillong, November 21: The Estimate Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly headed by Bah DD Lapang on Tuesday ordered the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to expedite the completion of the construction of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The 50-bed hospital is located in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills.
“In the past years we have had legislators who have stood firmly against uranium.
According to the source, these elephants have also destroyed the fields and crops of the residents of the area but fortunately no injuries have been reported to the residents. .
“Amit Shah has kidnapped four Congress MLAs and their families will lodge a complaint against him and for this reason, Amit Shah has now suffered from swine flu and now it is time for him to cool down. "It's me," said Hari Prasad.
The earthquake struck near Shillong at 4.45 GMT, sources said.
A meeting to review the law and order situation in Shillong will be held on Friday to discuss the order to close shops within 10 pm. expressed disagreement with this.
And they left the young men at home, and went into another country to buy fields for the next year.
In just 2 years it will celebrate its 100th anniversary.
Finely Swer will remain as Caretaker President from receipt of his appointment letter until 8th June.
One Minister shall go his own way, another shall go his own way, and in the end there shall be no difference.
Banteilang Kharsngi scored the winning goal in the 50th minute.
Furthermore, more information can be obtained from the office of the Block Development Officer according to their Block.
A man can live to be 150 years old.
However, the Government has not yet passed the Resolution without knowing the provisions of the UCC Bill.
The application forms must be approved by the Rangbah Shnong and the Block Development Officer, Pynursla C&RD Block and a stamp of T.25/-.
And I will make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all the people that carry her: and all the nations of the earth that are gathered together against her shall be astonished at her.
The Preamble of the Constitution was also read out on the occasion.
Training Phawa admitted that his intention was only to protect himself and his family but it was not as reported in the news, because after that incident he himself said to go and bury the injured. I went to the hospital because I didn't have any bad intentions.
“We will send another survey because it is a necessary step, the life of the state,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 5 : The Government will meet the Chief Executive Members of Block I and II after the formation of the Regional Committees and before the start of the boundary talks in the Second Phase, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Aiborlang Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Umkei, Tbn.B.Khymdeit, President of the Managing Committee, teachers, parents. with the students of the school.
This is according to a statement sent by Sengjrang Sangma, Secretary.
According to the petition submitted by the KSU to the Minister, the names of the applicants who have completed the Written Test for the post of Assistant Engineer were conducted by MeECL on 13th November, 2019 and The Results will be released on 19th July 2019 while the personal interview for the 24 candidates who have passed the written test which was scheduled to be held on 26th July, 20129 has been canceled with notice. it shall be announced later.
He said the party has decided to do whatever it can to bring back peace in Manipur.
They are the people who didn't ask Eve again.
TMC will surely form the next govt and inaugurate Sohra district without any further delay.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne said that it would be better to shut down the District Council if the state government continues to implement the CrPC and CPC across the state without forgiveness.
In the midst of the welcome of many villages in West Khasi Hills, where their village, which used to be in Meghalaya, has been welcomed by many, They were sent to Assam.
“Bah Ardent has made unfounded, unfounded and unfounded allegations which has severely affected the work of all the journalists who in the midst of many difficulties have tried to move forward on the path as journalists. on the right to freedom of speech and expression as enshrined in the Constitution,” said SPC President Bah David Laitphlang in his speech.
Therly Dkhar (18) scored the first goal for Evergreen Mukhla.
He said that at the meeting, the people expressed their strong opposition to the allegation of the woman and her belief that all these villages belong to her land.
“India should know more about the North East than the region should know about India,” Singh said. that this is the era of a new India, under the leadership of Narendra Modi.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the Government has planned to install covered wires in the areas where electricity theft is high.
Charaideo SP Yuvraj said police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident.
The Kharmetor of Them ïew Mawlong have not been affected by the government but the government has decided to relocate them to the quarter that has been built for them.
HM Shangpliang was an MLA who won from the Congress in 2018, but along with 12 others he left the Congress to join the AITC in November 2021, and a few months later. Before the elections, he left the TMC and resigned as an MLA to join the BJP to contest the 2023 elections.
The reporter saw that the bond papers were carried by the daju at that step and when asked, he heard that the answer of one of the daju was yukme. The bond papers were returned to the shop, which is not known.
The cloud was covered again but it was not a rain cloud.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: Member of the National Commission for Women (NCW) Shamina Safiq on Tuesday said that the investigation into the violence against women should be expedited and completed in a timely manner so that justice can be done.
The meteorite, known as CM1/2 carbonaceous chondrite, is said to be 4.5 years old and is the most rare in the world. The price is 645 pounds per kilogram or T.63,0
The office blockade called by the HSPDP will start from tomorrow, 13th June 2015, to force the government to pass laws to empower the village headmen.
The AFC U-23 Championship will start in
The two dead cows belonged to Bah Olinstar Nongsiej and Royalty Wanniang of Mawkawah village. The incident happened at 9.30 pm, when the cows were just escaping from the house. According to Olinstar, the death of these cows was after they passed through the area where there was an electricity pole, but as soon as they reached nearby, the cows died. post light These cows have been tanned and destroyed.
This will be effective from 2015-2
If it is for us to implement it, it must have firm and proper foundations on which we will have no hesitation in implementing it.
In fact, the indigenous people of these two raijbahs are one nation, but since the time of the British Government they have been divided into Khasi and Jaintia for the sake of peaceful Khadar rule.
After that, I don't have any intention of working with the BJP”.
Pamtbuh beat Lumpyngngad 1-0 in the final of the Upper Division on November 15 at Ladjaplem Mini Stadium, Amlarem.
Ardent said that the inability of MeECL to function properly has led to protests from the employees from officers and engineers and an independent inquiry team is needed to find out the truth. MeECL's inability to produce electricity.
"“The Governor should listen to our leaders, he is the only person who will sit in Raj Bhavan, he should not do his own will, he should not play with the feelings of us the children of Hynniewtrep. “All the leaders of various political parties under the umbrella of COMSO today in one voice expressed their opposition to the CAB and demanded that the Governor of Meghalaya should sign the MRSSA immediately. He should sign the MRSSA immediately and the central government should immediately remove him for his rebellion.
Leaders of the HNYF who attended the meeting included Bah GH Kharshanlor, President of the HNYF Sengkmie, Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF Northern. Region together with the Rangbah Shnongs of 17 villages near Nongpoh, which are also the villages where the residents have suffered from the power outage.
The news “Dangshen, papad, announces that he is a cure for corona, now he is infected” has 559 shares on the website of urupang.com, while on Facebook, it has 16,320 reaches and 2,286 likes. commitments.
The KSU has also collected many opinions from experts and the only voice is that it does not agree with the decision taken by the government.
“We are not against the State Government's plan to introduce a road for the development and safety of the people due to the overcrowding in Shillong as witnessed in recent years. “We are against the MeECL's acquisition of our land and we will fight hard to prove the ownership of the land no matter if we have to fight by law,” said Bah Donkupar Sumer.
For this tournament, the organizers have divided into 13 categories, namely 46-48 kg, 51kg, 54kg, 57 kg, 60 kg, 63.5 kg, 67 kg, 71kg, 75kg, 80kg, 86kg, 92kg and 92kg and above.
The deaths of Indian and Chinese troops on Tuesday night were caused by physical and hand-to-hand fighting, according to reports.
It is for this reason that the state government has implemented the ASHA Payment Application to facilitate and speed up the payment of ASHAs. The Chief Minister together with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare have set a target that the payment of the ASHAs will be completed without delay,” said the statement.
Speaking on the occasion, the speakers praised the Young Minds for their long-term vision in which they have been able to leave a lasting memory in the memory of the people. He has brought about many changes and development in Ri-Bhoi District and as an organization that has always had that spirit of helping for the poor and happy and has that spirit of volunteerism. I wish this organization to grow and continue in the same way of working to help those in need, without forgetting the speakers on this day who included the political leaders, The civil society organizations and journalists from Ri-Bhoi District have expressed their gratitude and appreciation to Maheh DD Lapang for his work and service for the Ri-Bhoi District. long until now.
The CEM was accompanied by Banteidor Lyngdoh and Adelbert Nongrum.
These food items were handed over and entrusted to the village leaders to distribute to the deserving beneficiaries.
“It is safe, we are here and our shops are open at night,” said one of the shopkeepers.
The DC said this at a meeting held today in the presence of the Chairman, Shillong Municipal Board, Mylliem Hima, Food Safety Commissioner and leaders of the meat traders' associations.
Also present on the occasion were Caramai Kharkongngor, Secretary, Textile Department, RB Lyngwa, District Sericulture Officer and others. officers from the government department.
Thus he turned away the subject.
Da U Sannio SiangshaiJowai, 22 Nailur:The roads across the Jaintia Hills, whether they are village roads or highway roads, have turned from good to bad and this has caused a lot of problems to the people. The residents of the village who carry heavy loads, motor vehicles and are affected even in terms of illness, income.
The persecution of the Trai Ri Trai Muluk has increased.
Under this Act, it is clear that a non-Khasi cannot claim to be a Self Styled Headmen to issue syrnot and do this or that,” said the CEM. Them Rynjah village has been appointed as the Rangbah Shnong.
He appealed to the residents to be welcoming to the tourists and to be willing to help because the foreigners who come into the village come to spend in the village, said Wailad.
The match started at 5 pm and Tynring SC scored the first goal through Mebalabiang Marboh in the 51st minute.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that Meghalaya is the home of football in the region.
When she came to Riia, she gave birth and brought them as well as her father and mother.
We cannot count on their skills, I know their skills because I have worked with them,” said the CEM. to improve the working methods of the Council.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday evening left for Mawlai to register the names of the people so that they can become full members of the party.
Mann announced that those who burn more than 600 units of electricity in two months will be exempt from the electricity supply and will have to pay the full electricity bill.
Since the closure of the markets, our people have not been able to sell their produce to buy food items.
Shillong, Lber.03: Unidentified robbers have stolen a solar battery from Nongchram Sub-Centre Quarter on 15th June.
Thanks.
The MDC election in Garo Hills will be dark and uncertain for the NPP party. On 12th October 2020, the media reported that the Cabinet will appoint the MDC election in Garo Hills. There are three decisions of the Cabinet on this day.
Dignity : the meaning of dignity, but it is the right to appear; rynñieng is the length from the bottom of the head to the top of the head.
Manager also promised before the party that he will continue to maintain the respect for the language, and at the same time he promised to cooperate with the people for the betterment of the community. whole.
On the same day, the MLA Cup match was also played between United Shallang FC and Balbarian Sports Club Rongjeng.
Nongpoh, June 25: The construction of the Four-Lane Road in Ri Bhoi District has been a great blessing not only to the people of the district, but to the state as a whole. The road has made it easier for the passengers, especially those who want to reach their destination like Guwahati and other places.
Police said the firearms including bullets, two AK 47 rifles, four AK magazines, 48 ​​rounds of AK bullets, four hand grenades and other illegal weapons were seized. was recovered from the scene of the clash with the militants.
In a statement to the Central Government and the Assam Government, the party said that its top priority is to get its own state known as ' Boroland'.
The man also shot and injured Bergeson in June during an argument with her.
In the seventh match, they beat Sreenidi Deccan FC 2-1 on 6th November 2022. In the sixth match, they lost 1-0 to RoundGlass Punjab FC on 12th November November 2022, in the fifth match they lost 1-0 to Mohammedan SC on November 16, 2022, in the sixth match they lost the third match in Kenkre FC beat Aizawl FC 2-1 on 22nd November 2022, in the 4th match they beat Aizawl FC 0-0 on 9th July
Regarding the news that you have announced that the government has sent you to wash your hands with alcohol before entering the church.
He also criticized the theft committed by the MDA government during the fight against Covid-19 even though it is a small state, the total amount of money has reached 816 crore 22 lakh 52 thousand 312 tyngka.
Ma Heipormi Suting, driver of Star Cement, said that the strike started this morning and said that this is in support of the drivers of Star Cement. Star Cement, which has hundreds of vehicles, has been involved in a strike by drivers across India.
The Minister's remarks came after complaints that there have been various incidents of vandalism in Mawprem area, where there has been the burning of two wheelers and damage to other vehicles. which has caused the residents to be concerned about this.
The sky was still dark, but the stars could not rise.
Due to the absence of any law to prohibit the entry and exit of people into the State, we are afraid that this Sixth Schedule will be meaningless and we may face serious problems from the entry and exit of foreigners. bar state within the State".
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday opened the Mawlai Open Basketball Tournament 2019 (Knock out) to mark the 40th Anniversary of the KSU Mawlai Circle. Basketball Ground of Mawlai Nonglum Village.
“By using rusit, it is not clean and transparent,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
“Now I have to say goodbye finally.
There is no way to approach the higher authorities or to force the resigned MDC to withdraw his resignation letter through the legal process or in any other form.
He said the HPC, the Assembly Secretariat, and various government departments have accepted the proposal to continue the construction of the Ïingdorbar building and the proposal will soon be submitted to the Ministry. The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has enforced Section 144 CrPC against persons who are not allowed to walk or stand on the border between India and Bangladesh more than 100 meters. from 7 pm to 6 pm after receiving information that there are robbers from one country and smugglers entering and leaving along the India-Bangladesh border, in the areas of South West Khasi Hills.
On Saturday night, a house of Bah P.Mawlieh at Nondeiñ near the Meghalaya Rural Bank, has been robbed by unidentified robbers, who have stolen up to Rs 2 lakh. Two gold rings of his daughters, two check books belonging to his wife and himself.
The Meghalaya Heritage Authority is the authority responsible for the full value of heritage sites in the state.
Ardent assumed the post of CEM on 8th October 2014 and has been in office for six months.
Where are those patriotic parties that call for nationalism only during the elections? Why do they listen to the death of the farmers? What is the Minimum Support Price (MSP) that the government has provided to the farmers especially during the elections? If there is no one to help the farmers, the time will come when, once the water has reached the ryndang, it will not be long before the farmers from all over the country will help. They will come and come and come and come to the Secretariat to appear before the world with their starvation rather than just dying of starvation inside their own homes.
She received the Swaach Bharat scheme from the Block to build a toilet near the bridge leading to the most beautiful village in Meghalaya, Nongkhnum.
The NESO delegation also met Trinamool Congress MP Prof. Saugata Roy who said he too is against the bill and will vote against it if it is introduced in the Rajya Sabha.
“There was a meeting between the Sohiong Hima Shemphang Thabah and the Jirang Syiem Phangworli Wahlang on 17th June 2015 to sign and hand over the village of Nongwah Mawtamur,” he said.
“He said that the EAC will not be allowed to take even an inch of land.
Ricky J. Umiong of NLAYF, Ioanis Diengngan of WYWC, Maweit Circle and Anthony Umiong said: FKJGP, Maweit Circle while speaking to reporters in the city on Saturday.
Readers also prefer to see contemporary content.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma said that the PRIME Hub has been completed within a few months which usually takes up to 8 months and costs up to Rs 4 crore.
The Samaritans recognized that Jesus was the Word, the Son of God, the Messiah of Israel, the Savior of the world.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,97,535, 1,41,842 are still undergoing treatment, 1,47,195 have recovered and 8,498 have died.
Fire trucks from Shillong F&ES and nearby Fire Stations were also brought to the scene.
According to the Periodic Labor Force Survey for 2017-18, besides Nagaland, other states with the highest unemployment rate are Manipur and Mizoram.
Angelina, who is studying at St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, won out of 18 participants.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, said that the HPC has decided to cancel the tender after the price offered by the companies. to build a house, it is too big.
Shillong, Lber 31: The State Government on Friday approved the PA Sangma Fellowship for Legal and Policy and Training to assist students of the State to study at the National Law School of India.
The final summons of the PAC to the officers will be on 21st June.
The operation was conducted by the 18th Assam Rifles under the IGAR (E).
These song kynja were placed in a remote area in the area of ​​the market.
The ïungwalieh has been built since 1919 and will celebrate its 100th anniversary every year with various programmes.
The deceased was identified as Yoomiki Marboh and the family members have already identified him.
At the same time, the party said that the ADCs in the State under Article 6 of the Constitution have been empowered to make laws on marriage, divorce, inheritance of property. customs and traditions including ancestry, childbearing, special rule of the kur and other personal laws.
The words spoken at that gathering and protest of five thousand are as follows- “When Jesus... saw a great multitude, he was moved with compassion for them...” ( Mark 6:34) If the word mercy ends only in seeing and hearing the suffering of others, we just see and hear and do nothing else to fight and remove those sufferings.
And he stands against the servants who promote a spirit of copying, who promote only a selfish and selfish spirit.
The Umkhrah River is to the east of Umiam-Khwan.
On July 4, 18 soldiers were killed and 15 others injured in a shooting incident in Chandel District of Manipur. and they fell down slain in the battle.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Constituency Political Committee (NPC) today held a signature campaign at Umden Market to demand that the state government should build a new bridge. The new road, which is about 59 km long and starts from Nongpoh to Umden and ends at Sunapur.
The channel was first broadcast on Friday 12th of this month and will continue every Friday. Until now, the channel has been broadcast only in Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin, Mairang and Kynshi. .
According to recent reports, BJP members in Manipur have resigned from the party and launched a “War on BJP Non Violent Campaign” against the BJP. of Manipur.
It is learned that after the arrest and in the presence of the guards, the robbers broke two locks of the kudam using a nar rod.
“Ko Kong Ampareen and Dr WR Kharlukhi please put behind the politics for this time to remember the youth and the heritage to come and stop thinking as members of the NPP but think as members of the Khasi people. and speak of this matter," he said.
Voters living abroad must bring their original Indian Passports.
Shillong, July 24: U Bah Lang Donbor Chyne has released a strange bird which came to his house last night.
The scheme has also been designed in such a way that it can be managed and implemented by the villages, Dorbar Shnongs and other departments at the bottom of the Khadar administration.
East Khasi Hills has 36 new cases, West Garo Hills 19, Ribhoi 8 and others.
“Friends, the Chief Minister has told me that they are preparing to bring their own university.
Other teams that have qualified for the quarterfinals are Moosiang Lamare Old, Lakadong Ummat, Tuber Shohshrieh, Moosiang Lamare New, Khliehmyntriang and Lummyrli.
In Group 1, East Jaintia Hills, which is the new district to join hands with MCA, won the toss and elected to bat and scored 164 runs for the loss of all wickets. in the first innings against the All Jaintia Cricket Association.
Only for this reason, the family has lost even their land, household; Because they have been given a pledge to get the money to pay for this claim, and this happened not only to this family but many other families have now suffered the same disaster and now they have to They sleep while they sleep and just to feed their families and get food they have to go to the market in the area.
Sadhan Jamatia, driver of truck AS-01-DD4997, Boro, driver of truck AS-01-DC-2007, Suresh Boro, driver of truck AS-01-DC-2 Noba Baruah, driver of truck AS-01-DC-4427 and Noba Baruah, driver of truck AS-01-DD-4
The Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary has continued to monitor the spread of the disease and has taken measures to prevent the spread of foot-and-mouth disease in cattle and African Swine Fever in pigs.
Similarly, Mawsynram, which has Mawnam, has become a place where U Ram lives. Urban areas and suburban areas where the army lives, such as Mawpat where the BSF live, are not allowed to travel to their own villages. Nongmensong to Mawshabuit village, Laitkor village, where the army has blocked the border by bringing cement concrete to build the road. snow that person.
The group informed Jaitley that the Chief Commissioner's office has been in Shillong for more than 15 years and has already purchased a 15 acre land in Shillong to build the office.
It is said that in parts of the country the 'umjung masi' is gold.
She also urged those who come from areas where there is a high incidence of COVID-19, to take precautionary measures so that if there is any illness, it will not affect them and others.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The installation of the DMR office at Kynshi in West Khasi Hills has prevented 2,909 trucks from passing through the challan.
Not only that, even the children at an early age are more knowledgeable and intelligent than the older ones.
The Assam government has said that the shutdown of the internet is on the grounds of preventing any exploiters from spreading false news with the intention of causing unrest in the state.
The President of the Union, Bah Anjelus Sun, while talking to reporters, expressed his satisfaction with the response received by the Sports Department of the State Government.
The Lyngwiar Thohdur will start from 27th September, 2021 to 14th October, 2021 in two parts with the participation of young artists from the states of the North Eastern Region of India.
After receiving the lottery, Bah Paul Marweiñ, expressed his happiness and said that he never thought of such a thing happening in his life.
The market has been suspended to curb the spread of Covid-1
Speaking to media at the awarding ceremony held by the HNYF East Khasi Hills at Shillong Press Club, Donbor said that on the 16th there will be a prejudging round to select 50 candidates. The final will be held on the 17th.
The Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA) and Dr D. Lyngdoh today honored him at a function held at Amlarem. , West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 30: U MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Friday led the Traffic Police Chiefs of East Khasi Hills District to check the traffic jam in Motphran area. a large marketplace that is frequented by travelers and vendors every day.
Shillong, March 05 : The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) has continued to provide training through a coaching camp for the selected cricketers during the search for talented cricketers. these months are not over.
How can they steal without the knowledge of the owners?
The MDA Government led by the NPP has not remembered but has forgotten to invite them to participate in the fight against Covid-1
“It is necessary to conduct a test for the drivers, but the union has suggested to the government to ask the traders to take responsibility to provide the full names and number plates of their vehicles. “It's not like I'm going to be able to get jhur from the state,” he said.
It will not only create income generation but will also improve the livelihood of the residents,” said the Chairman of the Town Vending Committee.
Reports said that KHNAM will not attend the meeting on the grounds that the government has already expressed its decision not to implement the ILP. has to be taken by way of protest which has started today.
“Up to 13,000 residents have been able to receive assistance and these have been staying in temporary shelters at the army camps,” they said.
He added that other ethnic groups should respect the laws of KHADC when they want to do business in the state.
School fees and other expenses such as school uniforms, documents for one or more children, the amount has reached 4 to 5 thousand rupees at the beginning of the school year.
The party also elected the new president of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area, Bah Diosstarness Jyndiang MLA Nongstoin in the presence of Bah W. Mawsor MLA Mawahynrut and all the newly elected members. other people of the party.
Shillong: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA of the PDF, on Tuesday said that he will not join another party for the 2023 election, but will continue to lead from the same party.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : Speaking at the common platform held by the Dorbar Shnong Wahingdoh, the BJP candidate from Shillong North Constituency, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, said that Meghalaya is now in a state of emergency. It is the richest in all respects but it comes first in corruption.
“The state governments should be prepared to oppose this Bill after discussions with various parties in the states.
The driver said that the police should arrest those involved and should also investigate to find out who sent them to do this.
Acts 2:3
Cancer has been diagnosed since ancient times.
Thongni said that if the state government does not respond to the demand of the contractors to pay the bills before the end of 2022, the Association will not hesitate to tied. door to court to demand their rights.
The Government should also be vigilant and take precautionary measures from now on while the spread of the disease has not yet spread.
It is the love that God has poured out on His thousands of children and as children we have the love of God that can help us in the struggle of life as human beings.
The Roman Catholic Church has 50 seats.
The purpose of the celebration is not only to commemorate the father of the Constitution but also to remind the citizens to respect those who have been enshrined in the Constitution of the country and also to ensure that follow the principles enshrined in the Constitution of India.
Regarding the lack of proper permits in these foreign shops, the union strongly condemns the District Council, for its stingy calculation to close down these foreign shops, which have been opened illegally. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said Samla Jayson Nongrum.
The meeting was attended by the Principal of NERIE Prof. B. Barthakur, Coordinator Prof. Subhas Chandra Roy and others.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Traffic, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, today awaited the report from the Police Department on the arrest of the District Transport Officer (DTO) of East Garo Hills. Assam on charges of involvement in forging vehicle documents.
After the draw, Lajong tried hard to take the lead again and had several chances which shocked the fans but nothing could be done.
This will bring misery and suffering to our children and future generations.
It is to be recalled that the magician drowned in the Umngot River while leading by boat five Nagaland youths who had come to visit the village.
The post also reached the eyes of Elon Musk, the owner of Tesla, who commented by posting two fire emojis.
In the final, Balabet FC from Langpih beat Mawthawprah FC 2-0
Today, the Congress also requested the government to take action on the problems of the people and to call for talks with the government employees who are in trouble and to pay the salaries of the SSAs.” Recently, the Municipal employees have gone on strike due to lack of salary and this strike has caused suffering to us who live in the areas under the Municipal Board,” she said.
He said that the lack of work of the employees has affected the jobs of the people who come to the Council in need and has also affected the water supply to Tura.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, in reply, said that he has not yet received any information on this.
“The Cabinet has already decided that the MBoSE textbooks will be used in all schools affiliated to the Board.
Another drug dealer, Bilal Ahmad Shah, a resident of Kalsari Pattan, was arrested during a search operation at Nehalpora Cheksari Pattan.
I can identify Wickliffe Syiem as AZ Phizo, the leader of the Naga National Council (NNC), who declared the independence of Nagalim on 14th July 1947 and to this day the Nagas celebrate Independence Day in on the 14th of April every year.
Tyrsad Umkseh Sports Club has joined the Meghalaya State League (MSL) after winning the title of the winner of the tournament organized by the Tyrsad Area Sports Association.
The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kanpur has led the survey with IIT-Delhi and the Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) in collaboration to meet the requirements for research. facts that will help reduce air pollution.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today held another hearing on the coal industry in the state and the Additional Solicitor General for India has submitted a report to the Supreme Court. report on the coal mining industry in the State and asked for some time for this issue.
These are the areas where we can raise funds in collaboration with the government authorities.
However, it does not mean that there will be any difference of opinion or protest within the party in the state,” said Bah Syiem, who returned from Delhi after meeting with the leaders.
Anthony Shylla 6.
meghamart.com to get food items such as rice, oil, shine and others.
(By a special reporter) Three Congress candidates have suddenly collapsed in the 2018 MLA elections.
After a while, the Rangbah came out.
On Saturday at 2.20 pm, two men on a motorcycle stole a Redmi phone from Jennyta Swer while she was walking from Law U Sib to Madanrting.
The program was organized by the District Mental Health Program and the theme was “Make Mental Health and Wellbeing a Global Priority”.
In the incident, a 10-year-old child named Pyrkhatlang Kharwanñiang died. There was also T.70,000 inside the house.
He said that there are other places where the road has started to collapse by about half a foot and there are also places where the water has started to flood the road. “The office and the employers have not taken action even after being informed and meeting face to face,” said the Myntri Shnong. .
A meeting was also held at Gladden Tower Nongpoh in the presence of Bah David Kharsati, PS Toor, Marian Maring, Dr. Evarist Myrsing. The BJP leaders in the state have had the opportunity to discuss many issues related to the party and also to speak for the benefit of the people in this district. Speaking on the occasion, Dr Dilip Kumar Jaiswal, Dr Dilip Kumar Jaiswal, expressed his pleasure to have the opportunity to visit Meghalaya today. He said that his visit to the state is part of the celebration of the 9th Anniversary of the BJP led by Narendra Modi. Modi as the Prime Minister of India.
(xi) not to regulate hospitals, schools, colleges and universities run by private individuals or non-Governmental organizations.
The lack of ration has affected four villages including Balat, Umlynter, Pynden, Umsawrang, Phodstein, Nongrum and Kandapara (Hajong) where up to 200 households are under the BPL line. He said that the lack of ration has been since the month of November and they have not received ration for all six months including this month.
Nongpoh, March 17: The Lynti Jam Football Center Meghalaya will host the Sunfeast Cup 2023 for the 7th time to promote sports in the state. Bhoi to start from 26th to 31st March
The Ministry of Agriculture has banned the sale of these types of drugs as they pollute the soil and destroy its fertility.
Pala is already the most elected MLA from Shillong while Saleng is the most elected MLA from Gambegre constituency.
Remember that you will have to give an account of all these things at the end of the day, when you leave this world.
At the same time, it was informed that the KHADC has banned the Chief Executive Members and Rangbah Shnongs from taking part in political activities or joining any political party.
Shillong, Naitung 5 : The Presidential Candidate of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Draupadi Murmu will meet with the MLAs and MPs of the state at Orchid Lake Resort, Umiam tomorrow.
In a follow-up visit to Rupang, on Friday, 24th July 2023, the taxi drivers said that once they demolish the parking lot, they will park on the road near the parking lot. and Mawla.
He said that Amlarem Constituency has improved in all aspects especially in development works and urged the residents to cooperate more and more because cooperation brings development in the society and the constituency as a whole.
The 108 has faced many challenges in the past years and I do not want to take part in such activities which will affect the Government.
The Holy Place is called Jerusalem.
Shillong, Naitung 9: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday evening, had to wait for two hours at the Umroi Airport, as the helicopter could not fly due to bad weather.
“We met with the Minister of Home Affairs after he invited the family members of Bah Dismarlin Lyngkhoi to monitor the matter,” said Bah Kharlyngdoh.
In the second leg, Khimusniang beat Mynthong 4-2
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma said that the people have come to the TMC from all parts of the state to work with the people for the development of the country. that the party can lead according to the promises they make to the people, which the people will ensure that the TMC will be able to work for the people.
Therefore, through this article, I would like to express my opinion and request to the State Government to provide equal development to each and every corner of the State. of the state) to avoid the overcrowding and congestion of Shillong and other urban areas.
The office bearers are President Losbingwel Lyngkhoi, Vice President Aurelius Nongsiej and Phersngi Nongbri, General Secretary Banteilang Hoojon, Assistant Secretary Ardonald Marbaniang and others.
The All-India Senior Selection Committee, having no choice, has selected Ishan Kishan as the replacement of KL Rahul.
Speaking to reporters at the MLA Hostel, Saleng said that in Meghalaya there are three majority ethnic groups, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo. Khasi, Jaintia and Garo to get their own state from Assam.
Through this meeting, almost all those who spoke at the meeting, strongly condemned the border crossing by the Shnat Hima Nongwah Mawtamur, and also the meeting at Umtyrnga, because on that day they The Raid Marwet, Mylliem Hima, has now fallen under the Hima Nongwah Mawtamur, Sohiong Lyngdohship. fine.
Bah Korbar said that since the reopening of the market, the sale of goods has gone smoothly without any disruption.
Police have arrested Daphah Salanmi Rupon from Salaroh, Damechanki Kyndait from Mookyrdup and Kitbok Kassar.
Before leaving the Hima, the Syiem of Jaintiapur, as the leader of the 12 Elaka, wanted to congratulate the residents of the Elaka.
Many of the residents are surprised that the company has not taken action to provide the network and the company has not explained to the residents about the reason and for this reason the residents have lost hope and many of them People have changed their Simcards to other companies.
“When asked whether they will continue to work with the parties that have worked with them in the MDA government, Conrad said they will discuss this because the desire is for the safety and security of the people. public state.
He said that if we look at the JHADC, the rearrangement of constituencies has not been in place for 10 years.
Borah said he wants all priests, sisters and brothers working in Christian schools to stop wearing cassocks and any church clothes inside the school grounds.
His appointment came three months after the elections.
Stimac said India's friendlies against Bahrain and Belarus in recent months have been a source of encouragement for the Indian players.
Khliehriat, November 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has strongly criticized the MDA 2.0 government led by the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
In the 36th Mawkyrwat constituency, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar won with 10,678 votes, Carness Sohshang of the INC with 1,272 votes and 9,406 votes.
And when we see these things, we know that it is the last day.
The union demands the reopening of the Rambrai-Mawkhiat-Mawsikar-Langpih road, the improvement of the Rambrai market road from Mawrangiew Rambrai to Rambrai township and the completion of cleaning of the roads already completed in Rambrai. Last year, the Synod was held in Mawlieh, Nongkroh-Rambrai.
Shillong: After a 48 hour strike called by the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJACCV) in Meghalaya on the demand for increase in the tax on petrol and diesel, for two days the rest and emptiness of Shillong was seen; However, shortly after the end of the protest, heavy traffic jam was seen in all parts of Shillong especially in Upper Shillong which started from Hynniewmer to Shillong. It takes up to 2 hours to reach Hynniewmer to Shillong.
Meghalaya has reported 379 deaths from COVID-19 with 24 deaths in the past 24 hours on Tuesday.
He said the KAS has also demanded that the state government should send a letter to the central government to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
I know that I am here because of the people and by keeping this in mind, the people will trust and support me,” said Bah Pala.
The District Council land is the land of the people of Jaintia Hills, surprisingly the JHADC has not banned these private individuals from leaving the land without paying any tax and has not thought of it. change the dew shyiap to this place.
Jowai, July 25: Police of West Jaintia Hills District Jowai, today arrested seven children involved in shoplifting in Jowai. .
Shillong: The Prime Minister of Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today left for Delhi to continue the peace talks between the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
There have been 134 new cases of COVID-19, 1 death, bringing the death toll to 1307 in the state on Monday.
Two of the four were said to be in critical condition and were admitted to Behany Hospital.
“Bring that shangkwai,” said the father and went outside for a while to get out. “Huh u kwai kpa,” said the mother when the father was just entering the room.
The Court issued this order on 7th October while hearing the Shallang PS Case No 19 (07) 2020 filed under Section 5 (m) 6 of the POSCO Act.
We should know that the CAB is part of the further strengthening of the Indo-Nepal Peace Treaty.
Shillong, Lber 21: There are 6471 day laborers in the state who have registered to receive assistance from the government especially medicine and other schemes.
The search of the two wheelers and vehicles will not end and they will search around Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Tennydard M.Marak, a volunteer worker, has demanded that the law enforcement authorities should punish the officers of the DMR and the Transport Department for allegedly allowing the illegal transportation of coal. and the Garo district.
The International Labor Organization at its 169th session has laid down these rules for the recognition of those indigenous people of countries or states or provinces and so on.
The MDA government of Conrad Sangma has stolen from all the departments of the state government, in which the BJP, UDP and other national parties have joined hands to strengthen the government. Zenith demanded that the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Secretary should issue a white paper without delay on the work of the department.
Therefore, the fight against drugs is not only in the hands of the police but as shown by the example of the news, it is necessary to get the cooperation of the youth of each village, besides However, students must also lead a disciplined life, in which they must be careful about their peers, especially when they begin to see signs of wrongdoing. It is immediately necessary to help to inform the family, or to fight quickly or to overcome them to learn, because young people, if you have a spirit of love and friendship, you can also free them from the chains to be enslaved forever to drugs.
For the rulers of the country and the state of Meghalaya, the leaders in the villages, the District Administration to receive the wisdom and understanding from God Himself so that they can create the means in which to prevent the the spread of this disease.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamletson Dohling said that the opening of the market complex was a success after many years of waiting for the completion of the complex.
Dominic Timung, one of the 304 protesters who was arrested by the police and detained in jail, said that according to his memory, the The struggle began in 1950 and since that year, despite many obstacles and decisions, they have stood firm on the basis of a full state.
The second wave of the pandemic has been even more dangerous than the first.
MIT Shillong also offers various departments related to the present era and also supported by MIT Pune.
“It's still cold but it's warm,” he said, wrapping his clothes tightly.
This car does not require an engine or electricity.
KSU Mawlai Circle and Samla Stevenson Kharkrang General Secretary.
The conference was attended by experts from all over the North East including the Union Minister, the Chief Minister of Tripura, Prof (Dr) Manik Saha, Symbud Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Chowna Mein, Meghalaya Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Union Foreign Minister Rajkumar Ranjan Singh, Petroleum & Gas Minister Rameshwar Teli and others.
Regarding the AAP's victory, there has been talk that its victory is due to 10 reasons that the party has taken seriously, and those include its apology to the people, the inability to get the Muslim vote, and other reasons.
Speaking to media, Bah Pala, who is also MP of Shillong, said that the illegal mining and transportation of coal has decreased for several months.
According to a report by the state government in November, 2013, many of the equipment required for the laboratory has been purchased but without giving reasons why it has taken up to 8 years to implement.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday appointed a new working group. Marwein as Chairman cum Commander In Chief, Khrawbok Jyrwa as Vice Chairman, Saiñkupar Nongtraw as General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, Alex Diengdoh as Foreign Secretary, @Wanshan Marwein as Finance Secretary, U Riewpyrkhat Sun as Organizing Secretary and M Rynjah as Socio Cultural Secretary.
Dikkanchi said that the MDA government is a government that has deceived the people in many ways, because many of the works it has done have been done torti and just to mislead the people.
The maximum expenditure of T.104 crore is for expenditure in various departments of KHADC, including General Administration, Law, Revenue Budget and Finance, Forest Administration, Legislative and Legislative. , Education, Civil Work and Development and the Enforcement Scheme for Protection of Tribal Land and Interest.
Besides those from the North East, there will also be participants from parts of Asia Pacific.
On the demands of the JAC, for the cleaning of the Mawlong-Umtrai road, Dr. DD Lapang promised to take action for the cleaning of the road. There is a plan to build a road from Mawlong to Umlakhar and from Umlakhar to Umdohkha.
However, the people of the country will lose the opportunity to witness the world star and the team due to India's refusal to host the friendly match.
The rule also states that households who have 5 acres of land are no longer eligible for the scheme. to access the scheme and no longer fall below the poverty line.
In his speech, Bah Thingdar said that he wanted to see the party and to witness that from the principles that the maieid used to walk on, it has been turned into the principles of selfishness by the present leaders.
The bor ktang suloi is also long.
When asked whether there is a strong opposition to the NPP in Khasi Hills, Bah Dhar said, “It is difficult to say because we don't know the real reason why we lost so many seats in Khasi Hills. Khasi.
Dear Khasi brothers and sisters, I greet you in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
Recently, there was a tragic incident involving the death of a child due to a traffic accident during a fishing competition.
The NITI Aayog's report 'Health System for a New India (2019)' has suggested that digital services are important in the management of health centres, village authorities and health services. dealing with money.
Manipur authorities on the 5th of this month said that about 500 civilians, most of them children and women, have been arrested and evacuated. They were taken to hospital on suspicion of poisoning from food distributed at a meeting held at Chalwa Kuki village, Kangpokpi district, Manipur.
Dr Donkupar Roy has won seven elections without losing and we should follow in the footsteps of this leader.
“God does not change, but the thoughts of God change from one generation to another” (Spong) The book of Hosea is interesting and easy to read and Hosea's thoughts about God is involved in His personal life and draws from what He Himself experiences in life, that is, His relationship with Gomer.
WHITE OF SKIN:–This is the easiest treatment that you can treat yourself at home which has been practiced since ancient times which is helpful for fair skin.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if any illegal activity happens in the state, they cannot just blame the state government.
The road from Umran Niangbyrnai-Quinine, which is not less than 16 km long, is also a paved road suitable for traffic use. The government has not taken any action to complete the 1km road, which has caused the road to collapse, because in the remaining parts of the road, it has been found that there are only potholes. they are clean and not suitable for travel, especially during the rainy season.
The bodies were taken from Balasore and placed in seven hospitals in the city on Sunday but the families of the deceased are facing difficulties in searching around the hospitals. care for their loved ones who have died, said the officials.
EKH scored 301 runs for the loss of 9 wickets while EJH scored 28 runs for the loss of 8 wickets in the first innings.
In this regard, it should be suggested that Seng Bhalang, Seng Niam and the Church should provide training, awareness, or 'awareness' to girls and boys from an early age, who They went to school until they were young about manners, language, actions and so on.
According to the source, the incident happened on Friday, 1st November at about 8:00 am while the youth and his friends were going to sum. in this river.
"Symbols of thought : In this age of knowledge, the age of light, the world of time, the world of light, it is more urgent to think about how to remove these trees. obstacles that have hindered and prevented agriculture (and all kinds of activities) from developing.
The meeting, convened by the Chief Minister, was scheduled to be held today, but the government has postponed it.
Even today, human trafficking is rampant.
The CSR 2% fund can now be spent on incubators funded by the Central or State Government in any agency or Public Sector Undertaking of the Central or State Government, and contribute to the investment in Universities, IITs, National Laboratories and Autonomous Bodies (established under the support of ICAR, ICMR, CSIR, DAE, DRDO, DST, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology) involved in conducting research in science, technology, engineering and medicine aimed at promoting the SDGs for the people.
“For in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins every year.
Congratulating these doctors, the Minister urged them to work hard so that they can provide a better service to the community.
“We also urge the DEO to turn to other parts of West Khasi Hills as the deterioration is not only in Maweit area. Iraq during the rule of Saddam Hussein, which means that those who demand justice will be arrested and bombed,” they said.
The Lat has been misled on this point.
The resources of the State should be shared equally by the citizens and especially the poor and needy should not be left behind and neglected.
For example...a woman when a man proposes to her, she accepts with the belief that he will do good things for her... but if he doesn't do good, she has the right to throw him away completely for the sake of him. I don't want to destroy it... but I only take the good things.
“On our part, we have already requested a report from Dango on the summons to the police, but our GS does not know why they summoned him and the SP of WGH. They have been sent to come to the police station every day without any reason,” said Bah Mawrie.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP President Khlur Lyngdoh said that even the BJP has no information and does not want to argue about the scheme. which the central government has allocated for the poor.
“We have asked the Speaker of the House AT Mondal in a letter to urgently convene the House to discuss the influx of people into the state and the decline in law and order in Garo Hills,” he said. MPF spokesperson Paul Lyngdoh said.
He said that convening meetings from time to time is essential and participation in any program of the Rotary Club will help to understand more about the working methods according to the times. current.
“All that remains now is to move forward.
He said that he is pleased that the cooperatives have opened up this initiative.
“We will lodge a complaint with the Niti Aayog, so that the money that should have gone to development projects will go to development projects,” said one BJP MDC. voice.
They can win the UDP and the NPP if they want but as it is they win many parties.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 28: The Special Judge (POCSO, West Khasi Hills) has sentenced a man to 35 years imprisonment for allegedly raping a child in 2019 in a village under of West Khasi Hills District.
She asked for the cooperation of all so that such incidents will not happen again.
There will also be a Terminal Point where nine towers will be built on an area of ​​251.17sqm.
The third office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawshynrut Circle for the term 2022 to 2025 have been sworn in by Samla Joplang Kharnaior.
“I am very sorry that the letter sent by the Sengbhalang regarding this meeting was sent by a Dkhar to me the owner of the land and I rejected this information because according to the rules they should give it to me the owner of the land. ".
According to scientists, dairy cows start giving milk after the age of 3.5 years and continue to give milk until they give birth five times and after this, they become old and lose milk production.
The Organizing Chairperson of JCH-DM&HO Jowai CNE Cell, Ms. R.Rymbai gave a speech on the need for CNE and Ms. C Lamat, Assistant Chairperson, spoke on the topic – Chronic Renal Failure.
The Authority for Advance Ruling, in an order today, said that as the hand washing is a product of kyiad, it will be subject to the GST of 18 per cent.
Ma Shylla said that they plan to build 2-3 floors for the dorbar hall so that the youth of the village can play indoor games.
Prof C Khongwir's song “Oh Bei! Oh Bei!, Come Noh I'm Sorry", she said the story on this stone.
“We have to look at the contents of the Bill first and then we can say anything,” he said.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah MF Mawlieh, Senior Electrical Inspector, SDA Meghalaya, said that during the meeting, they also received suggestions from government officials on how to proceed with the work.
The final match of the Meghalaya State League 2023 will be played tomorrow between Khliehmawlieh Youth Club and Rangdajied United FC. first.
The decline in the book market has decreased by more than 50 percent since the schools adopted this system.
A government vehicle belonging to the Water Resources Department has been completely destroyed by a petrol bomb blast by unidentified robbers in Shillong at about 9 pm.
Pringstar said that the robbers gave him a mobile number and asked him to call them on that number to give them the remaining money (T.10,0 ).
The important thing is that Governments should listen to the views of the citizens living in the border communities and let them decide what is best for them.
US President Donald Trump has declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel.
The MLA said that regarding the outstanding work from Trongpleng to Lad Bagli, the engineers of the department are preparing a detailed report.
It is not true as he said on Youtube these days when he went to Delhi about the 2 lane Nongstoin-Maweit to Nongjri-75 kms, but his attempt is just like that.
The AMMRPWU is calling for a state wide strike to demand the government to pay salaries, arrears and respect the rights of muster roll workers in the state. state.
There have been 144 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam today.
Magawa is a brave monkey and is said to have been exploring quarries in the country for three years and has discovered 39 quarries and 28 others. There have been 30 such awards, which have been awarded to animals. , only this is the first prize for the monkey, Magawa.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, has proposed to extend the term of office of the MDCs of the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) in the state until they complete the term of office. you are divided into constituencies.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8 : The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma today said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has been following up with the central government on the introduction of the language. Khasi and Garo in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
The meeting was also attended by the Leaders of the PDF Central Executive Committee, including Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, Vice President, Bah Elezar Chyne, President Bah Elezar Chyne, President of the People's Democratic Youth Front (PDYF). The meeting was attended by the elders and office bearers of the PDF Zonal Committee Mawkynrew constituency and from various Units and Circles, parents, youth and others.
Nandini Bayan won the women's title and Chayanika Chankakoti from Assam came second.
The participating schools were Maharam Government High School, Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Secondary School, Laitlawsang and Tiehïangphang High School, Mawthawiang.
Before David became king, the kingdom of Israel was weak and lived among powerful kingdoms that attacked every enemy.
The discrimination, threats of shooting and threats of eviction against those under quarantine is due to the Rangbah Shnongs' ignorance of human rights.
Thus, here we see clearly the difference of opinion between man and God, when God rejected King Saul to be king of Israel, after 1050 B.C. and the children of Israel chose Saul to be their king.
He also denied the Congress' allegation that some MDCs are unaware of this decision.
Therefore, it is only through this Bill that the jaidbynriew can be restored once again, that it will not disappear from the face of the earth and there is no other way, to show to the world that we are Khasi – Khynriem. , Pnar, Bhoi, War, and Khasi.
Sparkle Khonshai of Ri-Bhoi won the best player in the men's category while Marbalin Nongrum of East Khasi Hills won the best player in the women's category.
In the Women's Doubles, Josefina Dala Passah and Balashembha Passah won the title by defeating Ibalari Siangshai and Pretty Mary Sumer 21-9, 21-1
On the 7th of November, the police seized a truck carrying coins worth T.20 lakh to the Shillong bye-pass area and later the driver Saidullah Alam Laskar and Deep Kumar Nath is one of them.
For the Ri Kynti, the British Government has paid 6,325 (Three Thousand Three Hundred and Twenty-Five) tyngka and the rent of 102 (One Hundred and Two) tyngka per annum.
Shillong: On Saturday, Rupang.com, the news portal of the same house, held another ceremony to honor the drivers of Pynursla area. Shillong Tourist Maxi Owners Association and Pynursla Tourist India Tourist Taxi Owners & Drivers Association.
Balen Thubru said that after the meeting, the leaders of the All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) and the Coal Suppliers' Association (CSA) also held a meeting with the officials. Company on the same day and informed them of the decision taken by the two organizations.
They said that Tuliram Ronghang, CEM of KAAC, had written on social media, admitting that Khasi are illegal residents of Mukroh.
The AFC U-23 Asian Cup Qatar 2024, which is also a qualifier for the Men's Olympic Football Tournament Paris 2024, will see India qualify for the final for the first time. Former India player Clifford Miranda has been appointed as the head coach of the India U-23 team for the AFC U-23 Asian Cup qualifiers to be held in Qatar next year. , by the Technical Committee of the All India Football Federation (AIFF), in a video conferencing meeting on Friday conducted by IM Vijayan.
This opportunity has fulfilled my dream and has also given me the opportunity to stand on my own feet.
The leaders have lodged a complaint against the residents of Mawshynrut area, who said that when they go to these offices, they don't find any staff.
Nongstoiñ: The final semi final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament sponsored by Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC) will be played today between Mylliem SC and Mylliem SC. The two teams have been well prepared and it is expected that the final semi final between the two teams will be very interesting as it will also be a struggle to win the title. entered the final of the tournament.
The meeting was attended by NPP leaders including NPP Meghalaya Secretary Setsing Dkhar, NPP Nongstoin Block Vice President Manoi Byrsat and Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat.
Amit Shah said there are three major challenges that have existed for decades in the North East’s journey towards development–insurgent violence, lack of railways, roads and connectivity through Airports and lack of hard work for the development of the region by previous Governments.
However, regarding the sports tournaments, as it is now, the Shillong Sports Association, since the decline in the number of cases of COVID-19, has been able to hold or even cancel many tournaments such as the 4th Division, 3rd Division, 2nd Division and now the 1st Division and also the Women's Football Tournament, the SSA is still in the process of holding the Shillong Premier League. On this occasion, Bah Banteidor said that the work itself as it is has been allocated for both the stadium and the gallery, which only after calling the tender, the contractor who received the The work will have to start immediately before the artificial turf cleaning of the ground and the gallery can be completed later.
“Perhaps within 10 days after the MSTC has completed the requirements for the sale of coal, the Meghalaya government through CIL can start the auction,” he said. Conrad K Sangma.
Intution : the intuition is what happens in the mind or what happens in the mind.
One person died in East Garo Hills today.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Lyngdoh said, “It is up to the state government to decide to hold the mid-term elections”.
As a tyngshop, Liam, although he didn't take the job of playing James Bond, he has had the opportunity to play other roles in films which has been a great benefit to his life.
“Why link the road with uranium mining, this is another way in which we will discuss,” he said.
He said that it was a pleasure because they were able to celebrate this day as one family and like a family where teachers, new and old students came. together, and also with parents.
ac.
According to the report, about 218 timber factories were operating in the state as of July 2012, of which 12 were operating on the Assam-Meghalaya border in Garo Hills.
Not only that, he also reported to the Home Minister.
The Motha Kyrsong Water fall is about 1 KM from the end of the rong road and during the rainy season vehicles can come closer.
It would be better for the Central Government to appoint a Governor who speaks English in relation to Meghalaya and other states which do not like Hindi as it will bring about forty kinds of feelings.
At the same time, it was found that among these thousands of cows, there were also those who were dead.
Arsene Wenger, one of the world's leading football coaches, says his success in coaching football is due to his Catholic faith, a church that requires great responsibility. , as a member of.
“The Government has decided not to implement the Motor Vehicle Act,” said the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, adding that he has already written to the Chief Secretary regarding the announcement. (notification) issued by the State Government following the amendment of the Motor Vehicle Act of the Central Government.
Shillong: Two organizations from War Jaintia, the KSU-War Jaintia Circle and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP-War Jaintia Circle), have expressed their regret over the release of the Containment zone order has been issued to some villages while foreign trade with Bangladesh has been allowed to continue according to the rules.
Her mother and Panah insisted that she never go again.
He said the promise of the Assam government to pay Rs 5 lakh to the families of the victims shows that the Assam government does not care about the people of Meghalaya.
The residents of this area who are suffering from the ban on quarrying imposed by the Forest Department of Meghalaya, has caused serious problems to thousands of households, until they can no longer pay school fees. They don't get the money to pay for the food and drink or the necessities of the household because they have been unemployed, because many of the people of this area are living on the land. stone is shyiap.
On these days, there will be a Beh Sing Khalai at 3:30 pm which is the traditional dance of the Hima.
The Court also informed that the Government has issued notice of the policy for coal mining in the State on 5th October 2021 and has received many applications.
The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of Kong Angelina Riazida Lyngdoh on Tuesday.
The rally will start at 11:00 pm from the State Central Library and end at Malki Square, Shillong.
Chengkam Sangma dropped Tanmay Agarwal (0 runs) while Rahul Singh Gahlaut tied 50 not out off 29 balls to put Hyderabad at 71/1 before the break.
If the thief fails to pay the fine, he will have to continue his imprisonment for another six months.
If others can ride a bus, what about others? If in previous years, MTC buses were used, why not now? In this technological world, there are devices to be installed in buses to ensure the safety of children.
Replying to a question by Mawsynram MLA, Bah HM Shangpliang on the reason for the delay in calling for the examination for the posts of Enforcement Inspector as well as other vacancies, the Minister said that the “This has affected the MPSC to conduct the examinations for the jobs and thus the vacancies have not been filled. to fill.
God said – “Thou art my sword and my weapons of war, with thee will I break in pieces the nations, with thee will I destroy kingdoms, with thee will I break in pieces the horse and his rider.
Therefore, the KSU requests that when 40 jobs have been allocated for the youth who wish to apply, all the 40 jobs should be made public and not kept secret.
“If the Shillong Civil Hospital in the city is in this condition, it will be impossible for those in the rural areas,” said Bah Titos.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today announced the Meghalaya Muga Mission at a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong. books and income of the farmers of the state.
“If there are no domestic workers, the livelihood of households in the city will be severely affected,” he said. to look after the children of the hands.
However, the difference between these trees is the flowering time.
This was one of the best and first antiviral drugs and this drug is in my hands.
On Thursday evening, the BJP also decided to support the NPP candidates in Shillong and Tura in the hope that these candidates will reach the goal.
Meanwhile, the Meteorological Center (IMD), Shillong, said that the device that fell at Mawlumrum, Diengiei is a radiosonde instrument which is used every day to measure the weather. heaven.
Nongstoiñ, November 12: Kyrdum Govt LP School in Ri Muliang has only one teacher for 95 students from Class A to Class V. These 95 students from 7 classes have been taught by Risbiolin Lyngdoh alone in more than 50 subjects for about 2 years.
According to a letter signed by the President of KSU Wapung Unit, Samla Deiniwan Lyngdoh and General Secretary Samla Shwari Ryngkhlem, they said that they are households in Wapung and also the neighboring villages. power outages that occur frequently in the area and not only that, the power is also very low in voltage or not as bright as in other places, maybe it's because of the weight The 11,000KV power line has supplied electricity to many villages including Iongkaluh, Pynthorsale, Mukhaialong, Mutong, Chamcham, Lumshyrmit, Wapungskur and Wapung Shnong. , Pamra Paithlu, Pamra Kmai, Sohkymphor, Khliehshnong, Byrwai, Mynska, Myntriang and other villages.
His excellency opened the question of retransfer Nongmynsaw Boko and Langpih to Muksar Hills to the Khasi and Jaintia Hills District.
Wanstep Diengdoh is the founder and principal of Sohra Academy Secondary School.
“We need your cooperation if we hold a mass protest so that the government can really see the power of the people,” said Bah Ardent.
Drinking water prevents the swelling of the kidneys, which helps in the removal of waste products from the body.
Regarding the decision to contest against Bah Lamphrang Blah who left the Congress and joined the NP in the past few days, Kennedy Khyriem said he wants to contest against Bah Lamphrang Blah. If a child wants to leave home, the Congress party cannot stop him.
On the same day, the union also sent a copy to the Executive Engineer of MePDCL Jowai Distribution Division, M.Rymbai, where the EE promised to take action to get the transformer. I'm going to Shillong within the next few days.
“Otherwise, more security forces and various armed groups will be involved and this will lead to more violence.
According to a woman who did not want to be named, she said that there are teachers who teach in government schools who do not come to teach themselves but who appoint other teachers (officiate) to teach. go in their place and themselves do other jobs and these teachers whom they put in their place, pay a low price and without the knowledge of the government and this happens more in places where long countryside.
Ladthadlaboh village was founded by 12 people including elders and women. Paul said that all the great works are still done by a few people.
However, it is in Part I of the Constitution, which describes the relationship between India and the States, that the name Bharat is found. shall be a Union of States".
The winners were awarded with certificates and prizes.
Regarding the incident, which led to the expulsion of these hundreds of workers, who were loaded into six trucks to transport them to Assam, came after the workers of various factories in Umiam, have staged a protest against the allegation that they have been assaulted by unidentified persons and what happened yesterday inside the factory during the Members of the KSU, went to check the documents of foreigners working in the factory.
The meeting will be held at the Durbar Shnong, Jaiaw Shyiap Lumpyllon, Shillong.
I would like to thank the Indian Air Force and the entire team of Air Force Station Tezpur for arranging this flight,” said President Murmu.
She said that the money allegedly lost is misunderstood and the figure will be released according to the progress of the work.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the installation of smart meters will be free of charge as the government will install it.
The priests tried to sacrifice, but the more they sacrificed, the worse it became.
Bah Iangrai was arrested on 2nd November, 2022 on charges of misuse of funds allocated for the construction of the National Emergency Response System (NERS) Building in Shillong.
She urged the Hmar community living in Rengma to stop the invasion of the Khasi land in Borokompi Punji as it is the land owned by the Khasi themselves and they have their own rights. valid pages dating from 1944 to prove that they are the owners of the land.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Moonlang Paliar, Vice President of HYC SWKHD. Speeches were also delivered by Bah Arbok Kharjahrin, President of HYC SWKHD. and other civil society organizations and the people who came to celebrate this special day of Sngap Sing Syiem, the Syiem of the Maharam Hima.
The party therefore calls upon the people of the state to support the party's activities to eradicate corruption in the state.
When they arrived at the Kynthei's house, Hep's mother and father revealed many things and also placed responsibility on Lydia's household for the improvement of her son. they.
Most of the time, the knowledge related to the deficiency of this vitamin is ignored.
Speaking on the eviction, she said, “I am poor, my family is also poor, we don't have a mother, we don't have a brother, that's why we are being persecuted. The Rangbah Shnong of Warmawsaw is a relative of my husband's ex-husband,” she said.
SHILLONG: A new song titled 'UM', in collaboration with Jal Jeevan Mission, Meghalaya, has invited the people of the community to take part in the victory. The purpose of the #HarGharJal of Meghalaya.
In Dagal, the NPP Leader said that despite the many challenges facing the Government amidst the outbreak of Covid-19, the NPP is determined to ensure the progress of development.
These trees are so wonderful that when they are watered, they grow like pain.
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns the inability of the infiltration department through the police department to curb or monitor the illegal entry of such people.
He urged the government to urgently convene a Cabinet meeting to discuss and grant the demands of the teachers so that they can return home in peace of mind. to their schools to teach the students as usual every day.
Jowai, November 17: The Rotary Club of Jowai in collaboration with JNV School Mukhla on Tuesday held a Career Guidance & Counseling Program where Sylvester Phanbuh, MCS-EAC, West Jaintia Hills was the chief guest. important.
A special tax must be accompanied by a rule for its application and it cannot be merely claimed that it collects cess for that matter.
Shillong, June 17: The State Government has called for talks with 13 civil society groups to discuss the ILP on 29th June.
“Righteousness prevails and truth will prevail in the end,”convince many.
There are those who are like that ksew that sleeps in the skum kba.
If the government is against CAB, it should implement the ILP because the opposition to CAB and the implementation of ILP come from the same idea and that is to protect the indigenous people in their country. Shillong: A friendly match between India and Northeast United will start at 7.30 pm at Sarusajai Stadium in Guwahati today.
The Chief Minister said that through a long journey, the Assam Rifles has contributed significantly to ensuring peace and stability in the North East which has been affected by insurgency and also in Jammu. & Kashmir and that it has worked hard to prevent drug trafficking.
Shillong: The office bearers of the BJP Pynthorumkhrah party have left the party after former MLA Bah AL Hek joined the BJP again and allegedly joined from home.
He said that the union will not hesitate to take this step to invite and urge the people to join hands with the union, as this increasing power outage has affected all the jobs and others. Other activities that the people in this age of technology without electricity have stopped and lost their benefits.
However, due to the lack of collective support of his fellow leaders, he could not achieve it.
However, before Emboklang led Shillong Lajong FC, he had already been selected to attend the training camp at the Tata Trust Center for Excellence in Mizoram. This was announced by the former CEO of the Meghalaya Football Association, Bah Arki Nongrum.
This refers to the empty tomb of the Lord Jesus when He rose from the dead.
The Waheh Shnong Shnongpdeng urged the district authorities to provide assistance to this family as soon as possible.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Shillong has topped the list of cleanest cities in India.
His remarks came two days after the IED bomb blast in Mawlong Market and the allegation that this place has shocked the people of the State.
According to the geographical map of the Survey of India, the area from Garo Shillong to the North Cachar Hills, Assam to the Borail Range is known as the Shillong Plateau.
“The VPP has put forward only two demands to the government, namely to appoint an Expert Committee and to suspend the implementation of the roster until the issue is resolved. you have a Reservation Policy.
As non-government employees we have rights and freedoms which the government cannot take away,” the petition said.
He also urged that in order for all the schemes implemented by the state government to reach the rightful owners, the youth in the villages should take action to follow up on these schemes. Blocks that are in their areas.
On receiving the information, the union immediately arrested the Bangladeshi and found that he did not have proper documents and handed him over to the Muktapur Petroling Post.
When the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien grew, in each Nongsengkñia inheritance it was said that a stone should be planted and that each inheritance should have Mawtheng and Mawthung.
Dashngain Sukhalin scored the first goal for Niaw Wasa FC in the 81st minute.
They also said that the Principal of the school does not come to the school except on special days.
Why doesn't the State Government want such a railway, when it has already reached Garo Hills without any construction? For the Khasi-Jaintia region, it will not bring any benefit, except to the Shikham-Arkham, the Marwari traders and the Marwari Khasi-Pnar, who think only of the present. beit you die suda.
In the doubles match, Chen won the first match 21-18; Marin won the first leg of the tournament with a 19-18 lead in the second leg.
We have understood the way Meghalaya played, but we need to play well.
“I want to see that once again the forests will win and once again the rocks will fall and this will happen again in 2023,” he said. responsibility because they want to see that the wishes of the people are fulfilled.
Meanwhile, Meghalaya scored the first goal in the 13th minute through Makrisha Songthiang.
The prize money for the winners is 6000 tyngka + Trophy for the winner, 4000 tyngka + Trophy for the runner-up, and 2000 tyngka + Trophy for the third place winner.
We demand the ILP so that the authorities should not have a place to live in Meghalaya.
To claim that there is pollution in the air is not good without getting an explanation from the scientists, they are still waiting for the report and after receiving it they will be able to to explain clearly how it is and what they should do.
Let us see what the first coming is like.
The amendment to this Act is to exclude essential food items such as seeds (prosbin, dai, rymbai, motor and others), food oil, rice and piat from the selection. food supply.
Pritam said that the FKJGP will continue to fight until it gets the right to own the land which has been inherited since ancient times and will also work to explain to the people the impact of the arrangement. Speaking on the occasion, the Chairman of JACBOM said that the group led by the Muktiar of JACBOM, Bah Erwin Sutnga, will appeal to the Supreme Court to cancel the MoU. U Bah Erwin Sutnga has strongly criticized the state government for the repeated claims from the government ministers that only the NPP-led MDA government is able and willing to move forward to resolve the border issue. between Meghalaya and Assam.
In this regard, the government has directed NEHU to study and find out the reasons why crimes happen to women and children in the state.
The house was acquired by the Kur Lyngdoh Raij Raliang through the protection of a 3.85 hectare forest after the forest was recognized as a Community Reserve Forest under the Wildlife Protection Act 2021.
At the same time, she said that to tell the truth, we have never seen that in Garo Hills, leaders have been lyngshop or criticized like the leaders in Khasi Hills.
If the people condemn their opposition MLA for that reason alone and elect the candidate of the ruling political party, it is like supporting a biased and corrupt government.
U D. Choudhury, Branch Manager, State Bank of India (SBI) Jowai will be present at the meeting.
Have you ever written such examinations during the break?
The union also said that the strength of the Assam government shows that any development schemes that come through the Assam government have not been suspended by the Meghalaya government, but Assam is working. We all witness that the failure of our state government has hampered every project or development work that Meghalaya has implemented in the border area.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the dorbar, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that if the issue related to the District Council reaches the limit, “If it reaches that limit, we welcome it,” said Bah Adelbert in reply to a question from reporters whether the ARPA has any opinion or not. -em to contest a new election.
Earlier, Mukul Sangma had visited Agatha's father, Mr. PA Sangma.
The people also shouted with placards that if the will of the people does not work in this area where the government has signed a contract without consulting the people, they also strongly condemned that the Prime Minister and the leaders The Jirang Constituency has not yet invited anyone to visit or visit the area to know the situation and the problems faced by the people.
Illegal tax collectors are the ones who are cleverly collecting taxes.
Dhormonat Ch Sangma handed over a letter of support to the Executive Committee of the GHPA led by the NPP to the Chairman of GHADC Boston Marak.
On the other hand, Bah Albinus Timung, Rangbah Shnong of Rongmesek, said that the purpose of the cleanliness drive is to commemorate the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi and to achieve the goal of the CM to bring about Cleanliness through Swatch India Campaign.
“I am a critic and should be.
The violence in the state claimed the lives of more than 150 people, including women and children.
On Saturday, the center was put into operation.
Khongsit said that this is only the warning of the SP of East Khasi Hills, that there are those who are suffering and the party does not accept this. The events of the community should not be celebrated by spreading videos.
On the same day, the Syiem of Sohra Hima, launched the Royal Enfield Bike Rally from Mawkdok, which aims to clean up the roads in collaboration with the CSC and the Hima. Sohra.
He said the party strongly demands the removal of the word 'unrepresented tribes' from the proposed amendment to the Sixth Schedule.
He said that the investment or the establishment of factories will come to Meghalaya and this will open up employment opportunities for the youth in various departments and sectors in the factories that will come. to be established by different companies.
Then the miaw said again, “Turn around.
The EVMs were manufactured by Bharat Electronics Ltd, Bangalore and Hyderabad.
Another landslide on NH-06 Sohbhala Umsning and Umkhen, Thangshalai Road Bypass.
Even the Ministry of Home Affairs cannot run smoothly, how can they think that they can look after the Ministry of Electricity which has many problems? difficulties and difficulties in finding ways and means to improve the quality of the Company.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25 : The Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Bhanu Pratap Singh Verma today said that the Government is working in the spirit of service delivery.
Informing that the government has not sent any message, Bah Nongsiang said the government has not sent any message yet.
“That is why we have decided to try to operate the bus,” Pathak said.
“Conrad, if you are willing to present the performance report for the last five years, we will see how the people will respond to your performance,” Banerjee said.
At the same time, the State Government should be vigilant against the secret intentions of the Central Government in relation to the language.
On the other hand, the four parties also criticized the MLAs of Ri-Bhoi who have remained silent and have not said anything on the issue to express their opposition in the Legislative Assembly.
“As leaders, they should show their strength to show that they don't need to rely on the Assam government for the development of Meghalaya,” he said.
He also sent a copy of the letter to Bah Sanbor.
The Minister expressed his confidence that these measures and policies will bring about a change in the services of the Government in the field of health in the State.
This was announced by the Secretary, Mining and Geology, Government of Meghalaya, Bah E.Kharmalki in a public notice held on the 16th of this month.
For now, perhaps we should focus only on the issues related to our election of leaders to the Legislative Assembly, and the holders of khadar rule.
The match between the two teams was equally strong and they fought each other and got equal chances.
The decree reads: “...It was issued in the name of King Xerxes and sealed with his kingdom.
He said that 39,480 quintals of BPL per month, 24,570 quintals of AAY rice and 44,380 quintals of APL per month have been distributed by the central government.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Dr. Mukul Sangma has brought back the photograph of the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and Henry Lalrengsanga, who was accused of being a drug dealer. The Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, urged the Speaker to withdraw the section brought by the Songsak MLA in the House.
A stolen motorcycle and a Bolero Pickup were recovered from the suspects.
“At present, the president of the party said that there are two or three candidates who have applied for ticket from the party to contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections from Shillong seat.
The HYC on Saturday held a meeting with nine Sengbhalang at Shillong Club and the decision of the meeting was to oppose the Draft Bill or Ordinance or any law of the government in the Khadar rule. the powers of the District Council.
AHAM strongly opposes these illegal activities and demands that the relevant authorities should immediately stop the smuggling of coal to Bangladesh and demands that the DC should take action. quickly do this work.
Not only that, there was also a dispute between the people and the people of the Acting Syiem in which they joined hands and the people also alleged that Bah Orristar Lyngkhoi and Primly L Marshillong have misled the village by disturbing the village just to become the Sordar and Secretary of the village while the villagers have no consent.
The sudden removal of the Syiem of Mawlai Sohmat Hima will be a more serious matter as the Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, was the Syiem before his brother took over. claim.
The age of man is like four seasons – child, youth, old man, old man.
Thangbuli is one of the oldest villages in Amwi district.
The development of technology is also an important part and I hope that the goals we have for CM Connect, Village Data Volunteer, DC Connect and Family ID Program will be achieved soon.
“The Government has taken this decision to encourage companies and contractors to employ the youth of the state first as part of enabling the youth of the state to earn money especially at this time with the state and the country as a whole. One is in the fight against the corona virus,” said Prestone Tynsong.
“On the other hand, the Dy CM said that they have issued a directive to all government departments and offices to be vigilant and ensure that their vehicles are parked in safe places.
“The infiltration gates are also lighted.
On the last day of the tournament, a speech was delivered by Prof Bhagirathi Panda, Honorary Director, ICSSR-NERC, and Bah Munish N Singh, Honorary Director, Shillong.
This is to accelerate through technology the provision of emergency assistance to the people in need of treatment and to protect the lives of the people in the state.
He said that the synrop group has its own ideas and there are many leaders within the group who have the desire to become Prime Minister.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year in advance to the residents of Mawlai Nongkwar Village and also to the Dorbar Shnongs in the entire Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Remember the saying.
Stressing that the Government is still determined to provide quality education at all levels, the Governor said that the Government is now upgrading and advertising all the schools which don within the State.
“As human beings, we should be surprised because most of the other types of medicines on many parts of the human body have side infections inside the body, where we as man cannot fully know this.
Shillong, June 25: U CPI MP candidate Richard D Shabong has expressed his confidence that he will win the MP election. “I don't know the people but I will wait for the result on June 16,
In South West Khasi Hills, 5 villages and 6 houses were affected. In East Jaintia Hills, 1 village and 1 house were affected.
Meanwhile, the ruling party has decided to contest against Bah Metbah Lyngdoh from the UDP who is a government minister but will have to resign.
Shillong: There have been 98 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, of which 73 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills including 4 cases from Armed Forces, 1 case from Barapathar Cluster and 6 cases from Health Worker, 9 High Risk, 5 ILI Cases, 1 from Jaiaw Cluster, 1 from Jhalupara Cluster, 1 from Lachumiere Cluster, 1 from Laitjem Cluster, 1 from Laitumkhrah Cluster, 2 from Langkyrding Cluster, 2 from Madanryting Cluster, 2 cases from Malki Cluster, 2 cases from Mawdiangdiang Cluster, 1 case from Mawkhar Cluster, 1 case from Mawlai Mawiong Cluster, 9 cases from Mawlai Nongmali Cluster, 5 cases from Mawlai Phudmuri Cluster, 1 case from Mawlai Umjaiur Cluster, 1 case from Umthlai , one from Mawpat Cluster, 2 cases from Mawprem Cluster, 1 case from Motinagar Cluster, 1 case from Nongmynsong Cluster, 1 case from Nongthymmai Cluster, 10 Returnee and 1 SARI Case. high risk, 2 ILI cases, one from Matchalcogre Cluster and one from Returnee.
Shillong: The Working President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I), Bah James S Lyngdoh, today sent a letter to the President of India through the Governor of Meghalaya on the issue of confirmation of the There are 10 billion doses of corona drugs in 10 days.
In this notice, it was seen that the Officer did not mention any rule that the Principal had violated until she was summoned to appear.
Ladthadlaboh beat 7 Wasa Utd 1-0 in the first semifinal of the qualifier-1 of the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah on Thursday.
Police have registered a case and are conducting investigation.
Farmers account for 40%, farmers 30%, unemployed 15%, teachers 2%, landless 15%.
At the same time, Bah Hek said the department has tried to install medicines in these health centers to meet the needs of the patients at CHCs and PHCs.
After 10 days, Meghalaya will play against Manipur on Friday.
He also reminded us of God's servants who lived hundreds of years ago.
The FTPGM leaders also said that the training is not only for those who are skilled or experienced but for all those who are interested and talented in the field of acting and they can come. “In the film industry, we don't choose only those who are talented but we choose those who have the job to act,” said Bah Kit.
In 1957 A.D. the Arabs said – We will not rest until we see the fall of the Jews.
He said that in a petition sent to the University Grants Commission (UGC), Meghalaya has been requested to exempt Meghalaya from Aadhaar for the year 2016-1
“It is an attack on the soul of India,” he said.
Mondal said that as of now, MePGCL does not have any projects to generate electricity from wind or solar power. The state government has signed a MoU with the National Thermal Power. Corporation Limited (NTPC) on 10th November 2023 and also with ONGC Tripura Power Company Ltd (OTPC) on 10th July 2024 to survey and assess the sites where these generation projects can be constructed. electricity in the state.
Most of the residents who have done so are from Malangkona, Athiabari, Aradonga, Kamphaduli and Kyrshai.
He said that the threat is increasing but they both have decided to fight until they can eradicate these evils and they have decided that even if they die they will not be afraid for the sake of the country. the welfare of the public.
The Behkymphui festival will start on the 17th and end on the 21st September
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Amazing said why Bah Synshar has a hard heart when he has not said anything yet even after he spoke well on this issue during the election campaign.
Meanwhile, another article showed that the Syiem of Sohra Hima has already approved the land allocation to Dilip Biswas since the 11th of July, the day before the Executive Dorbar.
long live HITO.Shillong: The elections for the re-election of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya in 60 constituencies in 2023 will be held in a few months.
However, according to the order, the entry and exit of people from these four villages has been banned pending the RTPCR result which was taken on 21st June.
Furthermore, it was informed that Article 5 of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed and approved by the Government of India on 17 August 1948 stipulates that any laws enacted shall be amenable to They shall be according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi States.
On the other hand, the union said that if the government delays in approving those roads, it will cause problems to the people of the area.
It would be pointless to teach school children to plant one tree once a year if they cannot be taught to care for the tree they plant.
For SCA, Shruti scored 65 runs and Neha 29 runs.
Kirby said relations between the US and China have begun to deteriorate in recent days, but US President Joe Biden has done his utmost to pave the way for talks to bring about the peace and understanding between the two countries.
He added that the construction of the dome will be jointly supervised by IIT Guwahati and IIT Roorkee.
Besides, this measure taken by the government is also aimed especially at those who have just registered to vote for the first time to know how to use the EVMs. EVMs after being thoroughly inspected and tested in the presence of leaders from various political parties and witnessed through CCTV. do the tests will go around for demonstration and public enlightenment.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem was the chief guest in the presence of Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh Constituency, Bidaliancy Syngkli President. Umling Block CC, Umling Block CC, Augustin Wahlang, Asst Rangbah Shnong and others.
Shillong, March 31: The Chinese Christian Prayer Fellowship, led by Pastor Ye Xingwang of Hongguioo Church, was accompanied by Wan Acai, Leader of the Women Prayer Group and Chen Shun, Secretary. , together with Father Baby Thomas, met with Bah DD Lapang, President MPCC and Chief Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya today.
For the information of the public, the Government has announced that in accordance with Paragraph XIV of the Extraordinary Gazette, the Gazette may be published with the approval of the Printing and Stationery Department except when This power shall be exercised by law and the Law Department or by proclamation by the Assembly Secretariat and the Election Department.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla donated a computer and printer to the Loomkyrwiang Dorbar on Saturday.
Before arriving there, we must remember the police who killed Bah Cheris at 3-4 pm on the 13th of July 2021, at his own house and in front of his children. you family.
The festival ground was filled with games, food and drinks which attracted the attention of the visitors.
The Ri Khasi Jaintia has lost untimely one of the great leaders in the field of Khadar rule in the state, he was a skilled and reliable leader.
We have arrested four persons involved in the murder of Bah Marbarniang,” said SP (Crime) East Khasi Hills Bah Vivek Syiem, who is in charge of the investigation.
At the same time, the KSU-WJHDU has demanded that the Government should immediately repair the Jowai By-pass.
He said that the BJP will not be able to create anything in the upcoming elections because even if there are many candidates, only two candidates will win.
According to sources, it is understood that the office bearers and members of the KSU are still ready to lead the KSU in the next three years as there are still many tasks that the KSU has to do. complete.
According to the news we have seen especially through the speech of the Minister of Tourism Bah Paul Lyngdoh on social media.
Organizations should have a good reputation among the communities and their work should be beneficial to all.
“It is expected that more arrests will be made after the investigation,” said the SSP, adding that the arrest of these robbers is a victory. great in terms of the implementation of their implementation on drugs.
Referring to the race of these Meghalaya police, the government should take action with the Assam government and talk before any tragic incident happens.
From 1949 to 1952 he completed his MA in Church History from Baptist Divinity School, Berkeley, USA. In 1953 he taught at Mount Hermon School, Daejeeling.
There are also non-Christians.
Therefore, the public, vendors and traders are requested to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Bongaikhal, Koios Suchen, said that the initiative of the NEIPF has encouraged the Khasi-Pnar people living outside the border of the state. .
The MDCs' resignation came after the KSU turned to the KHADC for this reason.
“We will soon get the approval from the Governor”.
Their bright thought is to remind you and me of the human nature as a Khasi, who has his own hara and nylla, from the beginning.
He also quoted a speech that said "Education is a great tool that you can use to change the world"
“The problem of teacher shortage can be solved by introducing more education at the Ph.D.
These problems are difficult for those who have no helper except God who knows.
I have spoken, and I will do it: I have purposed, and I will do it.
The NHRC has issued this order following a complaint by Muktiar Kynjaimon Amse of East Jaintia Hills District on 22nd July this year.
After receiving information, they went to inspect and found that the workers were in the area and surprisingly, there were foreign workers.
Joe Marwein, leader of the union, said that the invitation to the MSA to participate in the competition has come from the authorities in charge of the competition, which has led to the MSA having to take action. immediately upon the conduct of this experiment.
Five of the deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
All school principals have been directed to make a public announcement so that the students do not miss this opportunity and the announcement is also available on the website of the mbose.
On the other hand, former CEM, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne added that the Council survives and receives funds to run many activities due to the share between the Council and the State Government.
To that extent, it is the power of the people only to increase the price of piat.
According to a complaint to the One Stop Centre, the woman said that for nine months now, the husband has been depriving her of food.
At the same time, the CID urges the public to change the Mobile Number given during the filling up of the form for Aadhaar registration, at any of the nearest Aadhaar registration centres.
Shillong: Speaking to reporters at his office, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today said that the youth of the country should not be confused with the employment of foreign companies while they are being exploited. This is in response to a complaint by the youths working in the Swiggy company that through it they have not been able to earn a living and they are happy until they have taken money to buy The KHADC has closed down their vehicles to work for the company because they have not done the necessary procedures to apply for a license.
Similarly, man travels around, but it is through books that he can have a happy and peaceful life and bring about a happy and prosperous life.
Meanwhile, the Chief Secretary in his speech, said that forests and wildlife play an important role in preserving the environment and it is important for people to protect and preserve them.
The protest was to demand from the state government to increase the monthly salary by 900 tyngka from 100 tyngka per month for 10 months of the year.
Therefore, the rhythm of the rhythm cannot be called Surtara which means 'Rhythm'
After his return to his village in Lyngkyrdem, he devoted his body and soul to the development and strengthening of the Seng Khasi Lyngkyrdem.
The Chairman of the Committee has given 10 days to those who wish to submit their comments.
One of the arrested, Damechanki Kyndait, was driving the motorcycle from Jowai to 8mer, when the suspects took away his Mahindra Gio.
Easter F.Gatphoh (MPHF), Charter President RC-Jowai, and Rtn.
Shillong, July 26 : Rangdajied United FC beat Ryntih SC 1-0 in the 2021-22 Premier League on Saturday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong. .
She said that according to the rules of procedure of the UDP, the Nomination Committee will meet to propose the names of the President and all the office bearers and to seek approval from the General Council to lead from all the states. .
