Bah Bahun Mylliemngap was also appointed as the Chief Advisor and Bah ED Wahlang was appointed as the Chief Advisor.
Besides Ajay Dkhar, other youths of the Kur Dkhar who were awarded were Pynshaikupar, Ibakordor, Livingstone, Ha-O, Ruphina Santa, Wametre, Ribisonia, Seibor, Tobias, Me-U-Oo, Sonysanki, Soowaka, and Suzan.
These donations by the Trust to the Hospital have been a great blessing not only to the management but especially to the patients of the Hospital.
The main issues raised in the election manifesto of KHNAM are to demand from the state government to implement the inner liner permit (ILP) to curb the influx of foreigners into the state. to strengthen the Rangbah Shnongs by the power of law.
Kim didn't believe it.
Nongpoh: Many residents of many villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, have expressed their desire to start the construction of the road from Umrit to Umdu, which will be laid the foundation stone in .
Major EA Rowlatt became the first Deputy Commissioner of the Cossayah and Jynteah Hills District.
If the room temperature is about 52 degrees F, the rice can remain fresh for about 3 or 4 months; if the temperature is about 45 F degrees the potatoes can last up to five months, if the temperature is about 40 F degrees they can last up to 7 months; however, if the temperature is only about 35 F degrees then the wheat can last for many years.
United will face Diamond Rock in Balaghat, Madhya Pradesh.
Jowai, July 06: The Jowai Students Movement (JSM) Lapangap Unit, West Jaintia Hills District today under the leadership of its President Heyboyme Myrphet and its members have submitted a petition to the office of the Deputy Commissioner. Assam has inspected the site for the construction of a Border Out Post (BOP) which is still within the border of Meghalaya.
He said the contract has been called for since 2013 and the contract has been awarded to a company known as Sanbha Medicals.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 01: Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat today held its Graduation Day. The ceremony was part of the two-day Youth Festival 2023 in which Bah DP Wahlang, IAS, Chief Secretary, Meghalaya was the chief guest.
The song 'Um' is a collaboration between the Meghalayan band and the famous singer Desmond Sunn.
Nongpoh, November 05: Due to the continuous raids by the Assam Police in the border villages under the Raid Nongtung, the KSU has decided to hold a meeting of all the Village Leaders, which is also a to express their strong opposition to the violence by the Assam Police in the area.
In a petition submitted to the Prime Minister, the Rangbah Shnongs said that the government should find ways and means to end the protest lest it lead to worse.
We have to examine this matter carefully.
In the hearing and order issued on 17th November, 2020, the High Court counted the death penalty and dismissed the Notifications Nos. SG.12/97/169 and SG.12/97/1 on the 8th of July, 2019, on the grounds that they did not comply with the law and that they were issued in violation of the rules.
“We understand that we are here for all the people and what we want is development and peace and this is our central theme,” he added.
From Indore district, three candidates have been nominated, including Sunil Choudhary (Mhow), Anurag Yadav (Indore-1) and Piyush Joshi (Indore-4).
Bindo said the Chief Minister has promised to look into this issue so that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​will be recognized in the constitution.
SOHJEW SNEP FOR FACE TRANSITION:— Sohjew stalks can also be used for face makeup.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, said that a few months ago, the District authorities had informed the Forest Department of the State Government that it was necessary to remove the dangerous trees. to the government after receiving complaints from the people about the need to cut down trees.
Prof DP Goyal, Director IIM Shillong, Dr Sanjeev K Ningombam, Center Coordinator of APJ Abdul Kalam Center and others.
The WRBD&SWO has also promised not to knieh noh ia those lands which have already been allocated to the government, it is useless and it has no intention to leave them without using them, because many people in the area do not have land even to build houses.
Nongkwar: ML05 S 6457 (rayz), ML05 P 3304 (gusto), Rymbai petrol pump-ML05 M 8346 (adventure), ML 05 W 9589 (zr Yamaha), ML05 U 8812 (zr Yamaha).
This book is the translation into Khasi of the 6th Schedule written in English by Bah Bindo and he entitled it 'Bynrap ba Hynriew'
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Donboklang Lyngdoh Mawlong, 30, from Mawlong village (a village on the road to Mairang) has come to meet with the journalists. He said that he encountered a tragedy in the evening when he went to Mairang Police Station to help a woman who had been raped by men.
It was seen that all the teachers of schools and colleges went to classes with the iong flag on their shoulders to protest against the government's silence in not calling for talks despite their repeated requests.
The incident continues to happen even after the two Assam government ministers went to hold a meeting at the venue, in the presence of Ashok Singhal and Parimal Suklabaidya. to ensure that the movement of persons and goods shall be without interruption.
“How can I say more especially that this engineer is also the NPP candidate from North Shillong Constituency in the 2023 MLA election,” he said.
Earlier, a meeting will be held between the Chief Minister and the political parties at 12:15 pm on the issue of Uranium Road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah.
Passah said it is time for the HNLC, which is an armed group from Ri Lum Khasi, to call for peace talks like the armed groups in Ri Lum Garo like the ANVC, UALA and others. who have laid down their arms to ensure peace and prosperity in the state.
Rupang has learned that the KHADC itself can generate only T.15 crore per annum, and its sources of revenue are only from the Professional Tax. T.6 to T.7 crore per annum, then the revenue from the Trading License is about T.1 crore per annum, and then there are the revenues such as the fee. Labor Licence, Forest Gates and other sources of income for the Council.
Shillong: A golden opportunity for food and beverage traders will open through the North East Food Show to be held in November this year.
Shillong, July 15: The President of Meghalaya has refused to sign the Bill to allow the Parliamentary Secretaries of the AAP government in Delhi; There is a great doubt that the Governor of the State will not be willing to sign the Ordinance signed by the MUA Government regarding the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries.
The Group unanimously urges the Government not to order the Police not to loot from the people at this time, as what they have is the money to pay back.
Wellmisson Dkhar scored in the 28th minute and Pyndap Liam in the 79th minute.
Phyrnai thanked her parents, relatives especially her brother who has always encouraged her in her journey as an athlete.
The MPCC also said that the government has only been involved in the export of vaccines abroad which has been reported to have exported 6.63 crore vaccines so far, but has ignored the knowledge. the spread of this disease in the country.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday congratulated the people who took the responsibility to elect the Lok Sabha leaders, to win the VPP and the INC. He congratulated both the new MPs on their work according to the wishes of the people.
“On July 19, 2023, East Jaintia Hills Police have arrested two drug traffickers, Biaklian Guite and Imliakum Longkumer, from BMS Fuel Station. , Nongsning, while they were driving a Tata winger (NL-07-T-0815), police seized 2.738 kg of heroin from the vehicle,” said the SP. The arrested were identified as M. Tuanbiaklian Guite (32) of Churachandpur, Manipur, Imliakum Longkumer (40) of Dimapur, Nagaland and Jhangir Alom. 34 years old) of Lakhimpur, Goalpara, Assam.
However, at the same time, Parliament should allow MPs to express their views and not forcefully shorten their speaking time.
Ambernath United lost 4-3 to United SC in the first round of the tournament, while Ambernath United lost 4-3 to United SC in the first leg of the tournament. Kolkata.
Speaking to reporters in Bangalore, Maqbool Lyngdoh Suiam, Officer on Special Duty, said that the state government's goal is to hold such programmes. Mandarin, to bring this soh from all the districts in the state, to show to the world that our state is indeed a rich state.
The evidence found has shown that the construction of this two lane should run smoothly for the uranium mining in the state.
Therefore, if the government explains that the use of toilets should be stopped, it should be willing to provide adequate drinking water.
He said that FASToM has decided to hold an indefinite protest in front of the Regional Office of the Meghalaya Board of School Education in Shillong.
At the closing ceremony, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh was the chief guest, Bah Jetwin Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Pahamsyiem, Sister Angelina Marak. , Headmistress of St. Paul's High School, teachers and students of the school.
Informing the announcement issued by the DSEO that all schools should hold the mid-year examination in the middle of July, the GSU said that the students of the school have lost their education for half a year.
On the other hand, the Minister also asked whether they understand what will affect many people.
Today, the Congress wanted to overthrow the MDA government by nominating the UDP as prime minister but it is understood that the plan has not succeeded as the UDP has nothing to do with it.
The fourth case is located in Sohdiengngam village called Carbo Camp India owned by Naresh who owns Ferro Alloy Riwiang Factory. without court without snow.
These traditional teachings of various religions aim to bring about justice, peace and freedom from violence and bloodshed and are for the welfare of mankind.
Shillong: "I am a peon who is ready and willing to be a peon for the purpose of getting schemes and allocation of funds for the needs of the constituency," said the MLA of 19 South Shillong. Speaking as the chief guest at Lower Lumparing.
We believe in religions according to traditional teachings.
Referring to Rambrai Jyrngam, it was learned that Golden Nonglong from Nongstoin, who is also a scientist, will contest from the Congress. In Nongstoiñ, the Congress still has Gabriel Wahlang as MDC, but with the emergence of Macmilan Kharbani as the candidate from the Trina Mool Congress, the Congress has won the election. Many of the leaders of the Primary Units have joined the TMC to give their full support to Bah Macmillan Kharbani.
The meeting was attended by Bah S Marwein, BDO Khliehriat, Kong OSwer JE BDO, Khliehriat, Desous Pohshna, Waheh Village of Ratacherra and others.
Small vehicles such as sumo, pickups which used to come to the market and carry the sick, cannot run anymore and sometimes even stop in the middle of the road.
This ritual of 'Thangbu-halo' was performed only in a few villages under the kingdom of Jaintia.
They said they do not accept the statement of Ma Shibun who has said from time to time that he is not against the government or does not want to criticize the Congress party.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi has expressed his regret over his remarks against Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the purchase of the Rafale.
“We should not just play for one person, of course the initiative came from Dr Donkupar Roy to demand that the land be developed into a district. The upgradation of Sohra to the District level is necessary and this demand will not die and will continue to be demanded.
Although these two issues are unrelated, they are raised in the same tone.
The JNC has made it clear to the MDA and especially to the 7 MLAs from Jaintia Hills that the party stands firmly against the State Government's plan to build a railway line in the East. Jaintia Hills District.
BJYM State President Krison Langstang and General Secretary S. Lyngdoh were also present on the occasion.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nit Shabong expressed his hope that his son will follow the example of his father for the constituency since the years before he became MLA. Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, party candidate from Mylliem, said that if the people allow the BJP, it will implement the Uniform Civil Code which will cause problems to the people of Meghalaya.
He has been a teacher at Sacred Heart Theological College, Shillong and Christ Jyoti College, Bangalore since
The VECs were established to implement MGNREGS in rural areas and to provide employment for at least 100 days per household to improve income according to the rules of MGNREGS. name to get a jobcard or to work for 100 days.
“We should contest the MP elections from Shillong and Tura, because the BJP is the biggest party in the country, and if we don't contest, it will encourage our supporters to work and be in the party,” he said. said Mr. Hek.
“They have failed in trade, income and now peace and stability,” he said.
He said that some of the houses were taken away and many of the families were affected but no casualties were reported.
He said that the location of the area on the border of India and Bangladesh is a good source of income if there are border markets. border for the benefit of the region as a whole".
He said that even the Chief Minister is ready to bring about change in the development.
Speaking on the occasion, Mahbubul Hoque, Chancellor of USTM, said that the university is happy that the university has reached the Grade 'A' rank. A', Chancellor of the University, said that this has been achieved thanks to the hard work and dedication of all the management with the support of the Meghalaya Government, District Administration as well. parents of students from all the states in the Northeast, especially Meghalaya and Assam.
Of course, we need to fight against foreigners but to be vigilant and not to become victims in our own country.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAA) invites all boys and girls to take part in the Open Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Championship. Malki Sports Club and Welfare Society, will be held on 1st July 2024 at Malki Indoor Stadium, Khliehshnong.
Children from home to school have been taught and explained that they should keep the community clean.
Then came William Tyndale, who appeared in 1526 to translate the New Testament of the Bible and also faced hardships and persecution.
The bombings in Paris and elsewhere, the rape of women in Sweden and the rise of Islam in England, France, Germany, Norway, Sweden and other countries are encouraging. These invaders should immediately implement their Shariah law in these European countries as they grow and gain power from time to time.
One of the reasons why the police have received information about the incident is because of the misunderstanding regarding the wedding ceremony which was held on that day.
We remember that no one dared to leave even a small tree from this Law Kyntang.
S.Laloo RFSM.Furthermore, Rtn.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: U CEM of Meghalaya, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Council will not allow the Meghalaya Government to pass the Landlords and Tenants Bill. of the Nation and the Council as empowered in the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution.
For man looketh on the outward appearance but the Lord looketh on the heart” 1 Samuel 16:7.
In order to encourage those students who have passed well in the HSSLC and SSLC, the leaders of the Pahamsyiem Youth Association, have honored the 35 students from this village who have passed well in the HSSLC and SSLC of
There are 32 teams participating in this tournament.
Pynthorsale SC beat Mutong Youth SC 2-1 while Rymbai Madanpynriang SC beat Umrasong SC 6-1 in the pre-quarter final. The tournament will be held at the Artificial Turf Stadium in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat on Tuesday.
It is worth mentioning that many of the logging companies in Jirang are run by Dkhars while the Khasi are well-known in the trade and all the logging companies are run by Dkhars. Sengbhalang to meet with the Dkhars on that day.
Speech was delivered by the Chairman of the Board, Bah Eldie, who said that foreigners have come to destroy the beloved country to traffic in drugs which has destroyed many of the youth of the country.
The allocation has been sent to the DSEOs of the districts who will distribute it to the schools.
Not only that, they appealed to the government offices, but in a spirit of sympathy, they also appealed to the leaders from MLA and MDC to please take action and create the means to provide assistance for those who have suffered in this disaster.
Khasi officers, non-Khasi officers, British officers built Shillong and brought workers from all over India who invested billions to build their houses and offices.
Thus were the days and times of the ancients and their happiest season was the pyrem.
Shillong, March 8: The National People's Party (NPP) has announced that it will rule alone in 2018 and will get more than 30 MLAs from 60 constituencies.
The two Dorbar Shnongs have donated more than 5 acres of land for the construction of the office and residence of the staff.
According to the evils and bloodshed that have happened in society today, this is why the devil is no longer the Sunday devil or the devil in special religious ceremonies but the devil. the life of man is not eternal.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The State Government has expressed its concern over the increasing number of house fires due to broken electrical wires and has decided to take action to curb these incidents.
The Shlem also thanked Bah Dashanmame Diengdoh, who donated T.1,000, Arena Hynniewta, who donated T.2,000, Bah Rudy Shangpliang, who donated T. 800 and many others, who have donated their hearts, for the production of this T.43,1
Police have confirmed that they will arrest the suspect tomorrow and the two organizations have warned that they will take strong action if the police do not take immediate action.
Bhek and the Rangbah sat down on the Shuki jem in the living room.
There have also been five applications for these schemes through the office of the Community and Rural Development Department in connection with the Social Rural Work Program Scheme (SRWP).
The South Garo Hills District Cricket Association, which won the toss, took the lead against West Khasi Hills DCA and the match was extended to 12 overs.
It will assist in the construction of necessary infrastructure and benefits including water supply systems which can boost income in rural areas.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that at about 3:30 pm, a man was taken to the Civil Hospital. He was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong.
In South Garo Hills, 11 cases, 17 in South West Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Laitnong, 3 cases in Mawlangwir and 4 cases in Mawten.
It is also sad to see once again the excessive use of force by the police, in which they have shot and tied even women and children.
However, Rathor lost his wicket for 47 runs.
When inquired from the owner of the shop, Bah R.Pariat, the owners said that they received the information when they opened the shop at 8:40 pm. They saw the theft due to the locked door and the scattering of the items on the ground.
Shillong, June 19: Former MLA and MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah HS Shylla, has applied for a ticket from the UDP to contest the mid-term MDC elections.
The TMC, as the opposition in the state, will fight against these forces that destroy unity and ensure that the BJP will suffer defeat on 2nd October,” she said. .
Mihmyntdu has a population of 10,0
The Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle (KSU) has requested that the police have not allowed vehicles to park on the bridges at Sonapyrdi. District authorities and police authorities should not allow vehicles to park on bridges, as parking on bridges for many hours during traffic jams, can cause damage to vehicles. bridge.
There is not a single letter of condolence to the family members from the authorities of the Polytechnic,” said the Kurs.
He said that Rakesh Sinha has promised to provide many development schemes but the people have informed the MP that the most important need for this area is the road.
He said that the construction of the dam and the bridge is a matter that is heard every month.
Many PWD projects and contracts have been awarded to M/sDhar Construction as well as toll gate projects.
She said that as an MP, if elected, she will join hands with Tura MP Agatha K Sangma to raise the issues of the state and stir up trouble in Parliament to force them to take a decision.
Let us look at who is the Syiem and who is the Lyngdoh? The Syiem is the Nongshynshar who is elected from the longkur 'Kur Long Syiem' and who is elected by the kur ka jait to be the ruler of the children of the thousand. the It the Kingdom.
He said that the SSA teachers were appointed by the SSA-State Mission Authority, not by the School Managing Committee (SMC).
These writings of Kong Phanbuh are far from Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, Raisi said he was confident that Iran's accession to the group would help improve the stability of all countries within the group. and to be able to shake hands and also to unite as members of one group.
This group has spent all the expenses to build the footpath in the middle of the night.
Replying to the news that Bah Hek has applied for the MP ticket, he said that if the party decides to give ticket to anyone, they will accept and work hard to win the BJP candidate. It has spent up to US$50 million for the construction of 273 new Aganwadi Centers and the rehabilitation of 2,200 Aganwadi Centers across the state.
Our leaders, Tirot Singh and Kiang Nongbah, also sacrificed their lives to defend this Khasi-Jaintia land.
This road is used by all the residents of this area from school children, churchgoers, farmers and tourists. especially in winter.
Shillong, March 13: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) has arrested SW Rymbai, former MLA of Umroi Constituency, Bah Laborius Manik Syiem, former Syiem of Mylliem Hima and several others. MDCs of KHADC are involved in the payment of money to the guards of a precious metal worth T.400 crore at Lum Murok or Tepkilabama in Mynnar, Jirang, Ri Bhoi District.
The decision stated that she had not paid the land fee from 2009 to
In the hearing, the court also said that it has found prima facie evidence that some government officials are involved in the illegal coal trade by foreigners.
Speaking at the meeting, COMSO General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem said the implementation of CAB in India is an opportunity to open the door for people from Bangladesh. Afghanistan and Pakistan to come and settle in our country, through this law we will become a minority in our own country.
Everyone has promised this issue, will it be witnessed that before the end of this term, they will fulfill it or will they end up only on the copy pages of the agreement and their colors on the second page of their Election Manifesto? .
If “KYNRAD” is made, the alcohol that intoxicates the society, the community, the peace, the development and the progress will be slow, less and dangerous until it can be destroyed.
Another is the body of an unidentified foreigner.
The Congress candidate from Munugode has assets worth T.1.24 crore in Sushee Infra and Mining Ltd.
Therefore, the Kongthei also followed the lead of Lanosha.
The Iawmusiang Dorbar Shnong congratulates the District Administration and the Jowai Municipal Board for their hard work in bringing about a clean environment in Iawmusiang.
Shillong: Athletes of the Archery Association of Meghalaya (AAM) have left the state for the 40th NTPC Junior National Archery Championship to be held in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh from 7th – 2013. 14th of this month.
Rome: Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni has broken up with her husband, who is also the country's prime minister. journalist, Andrea Giambruno.
Trivedi joined the TMC in 1998 and became Minister of Agriculture and Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare. member of the National Assembly.
Shangpliang said the first arrear was released in July last year, the second installment was released this month, and the steps related to the payment of salaries have already taken place. already forward.
From that time on, the earthquake continued for many days.
Regarding the light shortage, the residents have requested the MeECL department to take action to repair it immediately so that the electricity will not be cut off during the synod service to be held in the village in April.
Shillong: Lawsohtun FC on Saturday beat Nongthymmai FC 3-2 in the semi final of the 2nd Division Football Championship.
The government can do it now but it has been postponed until
In a meeting with the head of the office in Jowai, the union leaders expressed their regret over the closure of the office. the whole area.
At first glance, there has been a difference in the way of collecting revenue from these two products.
U Bah HB Pyngrope, on this occasion, informed the Sadar Police Station and the police came to the scene to conduct investigation and seized and took away the stone. About half a kilogram of the vehicle was stolen and he lodged a complaint.
Shillong, July 26: The BSF on Tuesday night on the Pynursla-Dawki road on the India-Bangladesh border was involved in smuggling.
Noting that this project is a very different project, Conrad said that such projects have never been implemented in the North East and if you look at the whole North East, only the Victoria Building. in Kolkata you don't have a dome.
The two brothers were identified as Mardikithei Rymbui, sister and Hun-I-Kai Rymbui, brother.
Speaking at the meeting, Titostarwell said that as an MDC, he has tried to distribute all the schemes to the villages and people of Sohra in the past five years.
Preparations are underway to register the PDF with the Election Commission in Delhi to be recognized as a new political party in Meghalaya.
The procession was peaceful, dignified and dignified with songs of praise to God.
The tournament was held for two days at the Indoor Stadium in New Nongstoin and was inaugurated by Bah V, Swer-ADC of West Khasi Hills.
In a video released by the AAP in Gujarat, it was shown that Kejriwal slammed the Gujarat police, ordering them to withdraw the police who went to guard him.
Prestone said, “The owner is the owner, they are clear, if you want milk, send Samlin, if you If you want milk without sugar, choose anyone but if you want milk that is sweet, milk that is small and sweet, you want shiphew shamoit of sugar, choose Samlin"
Mawkyrwat, Lber 15: The SSKLM&LN has expressed its deep sorrow and strong opposition to the decision taken at the meeting between the Umiong and Nonglyngkien Youth Associations held at Mawkyrwat. On the 9th October, 2024, at the house of Mrs. Bandaplin Lyngdoh Umiong, to arrange the affairs of the Kur Lyngdoh Umiong, to arrange the affairs of the Kur Lyngdoh Umiong and Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien. Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) letter No.DCXXVII/Gen1/6/2023/9, dated: Shillong The: 28th July
KGF actor Yash will play the role of Raavan in Nitesh Tiwari's new film Ramayana along with Ranbir Kapoor.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU)'s declaration of war a few days ago to fight against the spread of drugs is the most important step to curb the spread of drugs in Meghalaya.
Do you want to be a police officer on facebook?.
Two candidates for the post of interim leader of ISIS, two from Iraq and one from Syria, are said to have been announced.
“I have directed the officers to issue a show cause to all from Bimola to Umsohsun and I have also sent the officers to investigate especially for those shops where Khasi girls help. “It's a foreign country,” said Bah Pyniaid.
The Minister also inspected the ongoing construction of the Integrated Market at Polo.
There will also be thunderstorms and thunderstorms in parts of the state, with winds between 30 to 40 kilometers per hour.
The funeral service will be held on 28 February 2023 at the Phudmuri Presbyterian Church.
; it doesn't matter because of them.
The incident took place at St Michael's Church in Mahim, Maharashtra.
When the light is turned on, the meter turns on the shyieng written 0,1,2,3 and so on.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state needs 30 lakh injections for people aged 18 to 44 years.
Furthermore, the lack of procedure of the MDA government has become evident in the past five years, due to many problems, the lack of preparation of documents of government employees. Many of them have not received a pension after the end of their service in these days.
They include Youdishtra Bhama, son of illegal coal trader Balwant Bhama, who is also the owner of M/s Kalyani Fuel Limited. The factory is located in Shallang.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The CEc of the HSPDP on Saturday took many decisions, and one of the decisions of the committee is to dissolve the party. Ri-Bhoi and Jaintia Hills districts including East and West Jaintia Hills.
When the water reached there, it was ready to rise again.
Azerbaijan's defense ministry has ordered Armenia to surrender all weapons and ammunition from weak to heavy weapons and explosives if it wants to get rid of them. big problems later- on.
Kharjana said that according to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, ASHAs are only volunteers who can work for only 2 years. He also asked the Minister how it is possible that ASHAs should work for only 2 years according to the National Health Mission (NHM).
The founder and head of the hospital, said that the recognition of the NABH, will further strengthen the work of the hospital, along with various objectives, to provide quality health care. in health and peace,to improve the quality of life of all people in society.
The disciples of Dr.
“Earlier, on 22nd November 2019, they had completed this interview and for more than four years they have not been able to complete this task,” said the statement.
Bijay Shankar Das, 30, said he was married to the woman.
No matter how long your writing is, judge and base it on those who hold on to their own identity gala of the country,,, we are tipbriew tipblei,, fortunately we are still alive, otherwise since the beginning of mankind khasi ka la hah lngaid,,,,I love my country and I teach you to respect the rights of others because we are the ones who earn the right,, you don't see or know that because your mind is filled with those things. the holy scriptures are yours.
The WKSU Rambrai Circle on this occasion congratulates the leaders of the WKSU Rambrai Circle.
She said that the Chief Minister has also donated about 14 lakh tyngka to the residents of Lumphyllut for the construction of a footbridge to cross the river.
Kyrmen Shylla said that the hard work of the NDRF and SDRF has been very difficult as the crematorium is deep and filled with water up to 70 feet.
It also shows that those in power can gather journalists to spread the news they want, while if journalists ask questions, they don't get a chance.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: “There is no limit to happiness.
The four houses, including the house of Queentina Lyngdoh, Victoria Lyngdoh, Sophia Lyngdoh and Robina Lyngdoh, have been declared containment zones.
He said that in fact it is the government itself that has ordered to draw up a plan to seize these goods, but even after they have done so, the government has not been able to give approval until these days. day.
“If we want to end the problems of the jaidbynriew, there is no other way except if Hynniewtrep really gets the supreme power or that “SOVEREIGNTY” which will free our country from the oppression of society, the Sainkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the HNLC in a statement. “The HNLC announces that the 17th of Nailar every year should be celebrated by the HNLC. “BLACK DAY” across the country by holding curfew, sieh lamaiong or public meetings so that the heritage and history of the jaidbynriew will live on,” said the statement.
I have always said that even today we don't have much from Khyndai Lad and Iewduh so we shouldn't be surprised by this traffic jam from Kachari Point to Khyndai Lad and so on to Motphran.
And immediately he was pleased and fell asleep in the darkness of the night until morning.
Childhood is a time when we are still young, strong and pure in heart and we don't know anything in life.
He thanked the people who gave their support until the protest was successful.
Nazario, who got the highest mark in Biology, said he wants to study medicine after completing Class
With these lights, football matches can be played late into the night.
M.Lyngdoh stressed on the importance of the GVY Scheme for the marketing of village factories and requested the participants to stop looking for opportunities for short-term income.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident and have recovered the weapons from Singh.
On Tuesday, Health Minister Harsh Vardhan visited these hospitals and talked to the state and central government authorities. There have been those who have spoken out against the spread of the disease in Bihar.
Thank You Thousand Ngooh.
Call for a few minutes, and if you get caught, carry thousands or lakhs, and your name will be hidden, no one will know.
Special speeches were also delivered by Doly Lamare, Asst. District Organizing Commissioner (G) and Ohiwot Laloo, District Commissioner (S), West Jaintia Hills. District.
Gilbert Laloo General Secretary of the Union, while talking to reporters, said that the chiefs of Upper Shillong want to seek clarification from the Minister of Urban Affairs on the MUDA boundary crossing to the villages. The Shillong Municipal Board has decided to implement the Meghalaya Building Bye Law
In order to educate the public from the city to the rural areas, it is the duty of each and every one of us to educate the public and especially to those rural areas to understand what the EIA 2020 is and what the impact of this objective is. an? According to the report, there are about 12 states in the Indian Himalayas.
In this regard, the contractors' union has demanded that ADB's current plan should be resolved and if they cannot do anything, the union has vowed to go to court for Shillong, Nail 22: The Greater Laban Community Development Society (AMC&SA) has sent a complaint to the Director of Urban Affairs to demand a decision from the court. Former Mawprem MLA Manas Choudhury, Chairman of the Implementation Committee of the 21st Mawprem Constituency, along with two others including Pinak Gupta, Secretary and AK Bhattacharjee Treasurer, have been arrested. misuse of funds for many of the projects that the government has allocated for the benefit of the people.
It is important for bones and teeth as it increases the absorption of calcium that we can get through the food we eat.
He said that since the beginning of the construction of this road, the village itself has not been satisfied with the construction method, but to say anything, there is no way because when you ask or complain, they say. However, it was the employers or contractors who said to do exactly what was ordered and this statement of them has been a little encouraging.
He congratulated all the Dorbar Shnongs who have cooperated with the government and tried their best to help raise awareness among the villagers about this disease and how to fight against infectious diseases.
He said the TMC is one of the parties with the most MPs in Parliament and their presence will help a lot to raise the issues of Meghalaya in Parliament.
He said that this National Space Day will celebrate science, technology and innovation and will inspire us.
Mawphanlur and this has also polluted many places through the spreading of garbage inside the forests, roads and others.
They allegedly killed Medirius Siangshai (28) of Pamra village and after killing him they threw him to a place on the road from Kyndonsoo (Wapungskur). to the village of Iongkaluh.
District Sports Officer Khroobok Passah as the chief guest awarded prizes of Rs 10,000 to the winner and Rs 5,000 to the runner up.
Kharjahrin said the government should implement the laws to evict them and if the government cannot evict the illegal immigrants, allow them all to live in government land. risk calling to talk to people who are illegally occupying and calling to talk to their employees.
He said that there are many shortcomings in the NDPS Act, 1985 and some of the shortcomings are the ability of criminals to escape prosecution in the hands of the law and therefore the law is too weak. .
Police alleged that the members had anti-government intentions, to commit illegal acts and violence.
He said this while speaking at the TMC Mawphlang Block meeting held at Mawngap today to announce the nomination of Bah Mawkordor Rynjah to contest from the TMC in the 2023 MLA election from Mawphlang Constituency.
It is since then that the youth have started to become involved in social media and games which have destroyed their future and suddenly dropped their education.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, East Jaintia Hills District, today announced the release of free of cost PMGKAY for the month of May, Head.
Shops are not allowed to accept too many customers inside the shops.
These three schools will represent East Jaintia Hills District at the upcoming State Level.
Probi said that after trying to look into the procedure of holding the dorbar and the election of Rangbah Shnong, she said that it is not according to the procedure that they can approve because in the dorbar there are also The elders who went to sit and elect the Rangbah Shnong, when they were shot, she said that she was shocked and it was on this basis that she went to the Meghalaya High Court.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that he has directed the department to investigate immediately into the death of A nurse of Ganesh Das Hospital has died after contracting Covid-1
After taking over the rule in KHADC and under this arrangement, the Khadar rule was held for only about six months or less.
“Tip shisha,” said the father.
The amount of money should not exceed 50,000 tyngka and if they need to carry more than that, they should put a written notice to avoid arrest.
This Christmas we pray for, “Peace and cooperation, hope and cooperation, love and cooperation”.
" “We demand ILP because our state is the gateway to foreigners.
However, at the same time, the club said that it is pleased to continue to develop and support this sport by preparing to develop the young players.
The Minister stressed the need to curb the use of social media and said, “We have to take strong action against those who exceed the limits, we need to sit down and think whether it is necessary or not. There is no need to pass laws and regulations to protect society from illegal immigration.
Jezebel was a Gentile and her husband was King Ahab who ruled over Israel from 874-853BC. Ahab was controlled and tempted by his wife Jezebel until he offended God and the people of Israel. all.1 Kings 16:29-3
Who created Aiῆ? Who auctions the forests, the mountains, the rivers? Is it “women who take pictures” or who? We cannot and should not accept that women should be treated badly.
“However, according to our investigation, Shillong is not the place where people want to smuggle these drugs,” said the SP. .
“Therefore, the Department now feels that it is necessary to find ways and means for these patients to get jobs or how to earn a living.
They may be Fathers, Panah, Pasan/Pakhyn-nah, Sons or Brothers.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 9,881 so far and 2,42,000 new cases.
The ACPS is necessary for the employees of the Board as many of them do not get promotions because they do not have the opportunity to get promoted.
Another hearing is scheduled for June 13,
Deb, a resident of Lapalang, Shillong, was arrested by Shillong Police from Rynjah on 28th June, 2010 while selling Spasmoproxyvon.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the government will set up a judicial inquiry into the incident and will pay compensation to all those injured.
Replying to the question on the resumption of work for this project, Bah Metbah said that the work will start soon.
The word for sprinkling water is called Sprinkle, but the word for sprinkling water or alcohol in a suit is called Libation.
At the time of Jesus here on earth, tax collectors came to be baptized, and they said to Jesus – Teacher, what shall we do? And he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you" Luke 3:12-1
They said that they had come to meet their Ma Ma for household chores and had brought a wonderful fossil stone to show.
According to sources, the truck (ML06 3409) driven by Roken Nongrang, 28, was heading from Nongjyllieh to Marskuin. When they arrived at the scene, they collided with a motorcycle coming from Rangblang.
The winner of the tournament organized by the Mylliem Youth Congress received a cash prize of 40,000 tyngka and a trophy while the runner-up received a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka.
The second day of the Behdieñkhlam festival of the Seinraij Jowai has gone smoothly and the Khon Raij will visit the Khnong Blai at Loomsoiung near Marianhill Higher Secondary School.
Finally, if it is really necessary to divide the reservation according to the ethnic groups in the state, keeping in mind the youth of Meghalaya of the 21st century and the employment opportunities in the state government, then let us strive to divide 80%. according to the number and to prepare the roster should be.
Nongpoh: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) together with the employees of the Punjab National Bank (PUN) on Tuesday conducted a program to educate the public on the Banking Ombudsman Scheme Maikhuli is a village on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Even the Congress President in Mizoram, Lalsawta, was defeated from Aizawl West-III by ZPM and MLA candidate VL Zaithanzama.
Psychologist Carol Dweck explains that there are two ways of thinking.
At present, the Indian School in Port Sudan has been used as a residence for these Indians to be deported from Sudan, where the registration of Indians to be deported has been implemented. .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the incident and Home Minister Rajnath Singh has spoken to the Home Secretary, DGP and Amarinder Singh. He said that the government will pay T.5 lakh to the families of the deceased and to treat the injured who are in various hospitals. .
Shillong, March 30: U Minister of Civil Aviation, Jyotiraditya M.Scindia together with the Minister of State for Child Development, Gen.
“If we receive a complaint, we go to collect a sample of water to do the test, not just accuse without finding the truth against the PHE. “It is true and for that reason, we have met with the Prime Minister to discuss this issue,” said Dundee.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, one of the pastors who has traveled around India to preach and even abroad, said that some of his friends who have been involved in the accident have informed him but He said that they just want to inform him as a friend and not as a complaint because they don't want to go away from this matter and leave the country peacefully.
This Assembly of the Nation is now 98 years old.
“The change is the way forward to strengthen the party,” said Dr Don while talking to reporters after being re-elected as the President of the party today.
The hearing will be held after the relatives of Bah Marbaniang lodged a complaint with the High Court after the Special Investigation Team (SIT) appointed by the state government delayed the investigation even after it was completed. time, but keeps asking for more time.
OR Shallam, President, Wyraiki Kharbukhi, Executive Member, Seinraij gave the welcome speech while the Dolloi of Jowai District, Bah Puramon Kynjing gave the welcome speech and Ma Arwotki Sumer, General Secretary. At the end of the meeting, he gave a greeting.
When it comes to the outside world or the home, the children are not allowed to drink alcohol, marijuana and other intoxicants on the streets without paying attention to the adult pedestrians. old soul.
“Despite many challenges, we also learn lessons.
The roundabout collapsed on January 22, 2022.
“Basaiawmoit added that there is an arrangement that has been introduced to allow other people from outside the state to benefit from this policy but there has been no share for the poor. and lane to People With Disabilities (PWD).
He recalled that the reason for the defeat of the Congress in 1998 was because of the ban on logging and now there are more and more issues that the people hate the Congress where the issue of coal ban is one of them. of the issues affecting the people throughout the state.
We care about health because we know that everyone is precious.
Ukrainian aid agencies in the city of Dnipro have recovered the body of a two-year-old child from a house collapsed by Russian shelling on Sunday.
He said that the HAC has not been involved in the recommendation for the inclusion of the Meitei community in the ST list. protections under the Constitution of India and included in the general category, Other Backward Classes (OBC) and Scheduled Caste (SC).
He said that the Council has discussed the preparation of a manual to explain to the Rangbah Shnongs how to issue No Objective Certificate (NoC) to those persons who apply especially in relation to you are not a business.
When the decision is made, according to the Prime Minister, they will believe only in providing for their own income.
How did you feel, as soon as you found out, that you passed the exam? Do you laugh, cry or smile? Who did you tell first about this result, the biggest result in your life? DK: On the day I got the news about my result, I was a little disappointed, but even so, I The appearance of my name on the list has brought me great hope.
We shall also hear more and more, and more and more, the pleasant sound of the snow.
Shillong Lajong FC will start their home match against Neroca FC (Manipur) in the North-East Derby on the 9th of November. tomorrow at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
Similarly, on the indigenous skills in the field of health care through the spud and medicinal plants; This too should be done through books, pictures or films so that the world can see the value of the knowledge and wisdom handed down to us by our ancestors.
The match between Moosalyngkat and Mukhla Evergreen ended with a draw in the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
At this meeting, the Minister informed that the Police have identified 9 drug traffickers who have been arrested several times and the names of these have been sent to the Advisory Board for consideration before prosecuting them under the PIT- NDPS Act, which imposes a sentence of 3 years without bail.
Sudipti Hajela and Chinski scored 66.7
All these things are vanity.
Kiba bun bah is strong in the country.
Although many people say that religion should not be involved in politics or fight against politics, but election campaigning, friendship, religion, family, family, family , works very hard in elections to elect legislators.
Expressing his concern, the DGP said that the situation shows that the influx of drugs is increasing in the state by looking at the number of arrests and seizures and the number of complaints that have been lodged.
Taking part in the discussion, the students expressed their views and principles by shaping their speeches in various ways including the decline in prices from home, the society that no longer has that responsibility for the welfare of the community and its inhabitants, the compliance and instability of that human foundation which has undermined the development and education.
There will be two categories for the men's and women's basketball tournament.
General Secretary of East Jaintia District Art & Culture Organization Coming One Joy Tlang was also present.
“The child who drowned was identified as (L) Mebanshan Thongni, 3 years old from Marshillong village.
Earlier, when raising a question, Leslee said that on the day of the election, the impact was only in the Garo areas, while in the non-Garo areas, It is worth mentioning that the political parties have refused to take part in the MDC elections to the GHADC to protest against the allowance of foreigners to vote in the GHADC. foreigners to participate in this election.
A short meeting was held by the chairman of the Umpawin Unit, Mr. Robert June Pale, welcome speech was delivered by Mr. Lemda Ai Pale and office bearers and members of the Sein Kur Pale Umpawin Unit.
He also ordered that many bread places should be set up.
The technology, which scientists are discovering these days, is known as stratospheric aerosol injection (SAI) and is expected to reduce the sun's brightness by about half.
Mendipathar, Lber 29 : Agatha K Sangma, MP Lok Sabha from Tura, has been appointed as the Ambassador of Meghalaya to Parliament. issues related to the economic development and progress of the State.
After the Ministers of Mawsynram Hima recognized the Syiem, the Executive Committee confirmed Bah Amos Singh Malngiang as the full Syiem of the Hima.
“Why don't you mention the term of reference from the beginning?
“We have never seen the District Council call for tenders but we only see them working when we walk up and down the roads,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshai Kurkalang, Secretary Mawrashe Village, said that it is a pleasure that the MLA has taken this initiative.
The SDRC was headed by Arbinstone B. Marak, NPP MLA as Chairman.
In these days, three persons have been killed in incidents including in the city and in the Sohra area, which has prompted the district authorities to impose a curfew.
On the other hand, the Working President of MSOA, Bah Finely L Pariat, General Secretary, MSOA, said that the General Secretary, MSOA has informed that when the MSVA group wins, To provide all the documents, the MSOA office will do whatever is necessary.
But Jesus said unto him, No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God.
Explaining about the incident, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Joshine Antoney, said that the woman had allegedly sold cows illegally in the area. He said that the woman had alleged that inside the market they used to slaughter cows, but in fact it is not so, but it is the water that comes from the slaughter of cows.
“However, it is not for me to do anything without finding out the truth.
“This is his business or his business to the people,” said Bah Pathaw.
He said that as the central government has politicized the ILP in Manipur, the demand for ILP has resurfaced in this state as well.
Superintendent of Police (Traffic) K Prasad said that due to the organization of the golf tournament, there has been a change in the traffic from Lad Mawroh to Golflink.
Morning star Khongthaw said that he spends more time in the forest than in the village.
The sound of the bomb was so loud that some people were surprised and didn't sleep at night.
Stepphyrnai Kharpein (Point Fighting Senior Men -51 kg), 2nd.
Radhakrishnan's father found it very difficult to support his son and many other brothers in school, even though Radhakrishnan was intelligent and intelligent.
This happened while Sangma was responding to a call attention by the VPP leader from Nongkrem in the House on the deterioration of living standards in the state.
On the other hand, they expressed their gratitude to Rangbag WMS Pariat, who has done many great things for the benefit of the people and also for guiding other government officials.
“On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state has said that he will take the best action and they also said that the government should also set rules because this factory will need the products. “This rule should be that through the Department of Agriculture, it should take action to explain to the farmers about the benefits of this Feed Mill,” he added.
On the other hand, Zoramthanga expressed his hope that his party will get back the opportunity to rule Mizoram after the elections.
Wales goalkeeper Wayne Hennessy was sent off by the referee off the pitch after a collision with Iranian Mehdi Taremi.
Dr Donkupar Roy has been the President of the UDP since 1988. He was born on 10th November
He said that instead of the government banning teachers from taking part in politics, the government should have imposed restrictions and banned the wealthy businessmen without education, if How to pass laws how to speak how to advocate in the legislative assembly and just think and think what will happen is not a shame when “Only their personal assistant has passed the degree,” he said.
So we want to make sure that what we do is in the right direction," he added.
“He has been very good at developing players and understands how to develop players who have come out of the training ground.
Lakhon received 3782 votes while Donbai received 3,078 votes.
J.Rani confirmed and swore them in.
Vijaya President of the BJP Mahila Morcha has said that she will send assistance to the woman from the office of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The FKS has also read the letter of July 2016 sent from the Government of Meghalaya to the Government of Delhi regarding the issue of forced Village Councils and Municipal Councils in Meghalaya. they shall not be allowed to vote in the Dorbar Synshar.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has appointed the Karuna Trust to run some PHCs in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. PHCs run by the Trust.
In another development, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, has slammed the allegation against the SWAT personnel who were patrolling in Shillong yesterday. He as the District Police Chief has promised that the police will continue to do what is right according to the law.
District Horticulture Officer PS Kharnaior recently said that the government has two soh farms, one in Pamshutia and Wahjain and from these farms, it distributes soh trees to the farmers along with other farms. officially recognized private tree.
The funeral service for Dikshit will be held tomorrow.
Jesus said, “Blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed” John 20:24-2
Mr. Adelbert also handed over a donation of 1 lakh tyngka to the Mawkhar Sports Club.
This Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) is with KHADC,” said Shylla.
Shillong, July 18: Blind football players under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Blind Football Association (MBFA) will represent the state in the upcoming Football Tournament to be held in Bengaluru. State of Karnataka.
The campaign, the Nasha Mukti Abhiyan, was launched by the Union Government through the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment and in East Jaintia Hills District by the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla on the 2nd of this month. July 2023, from this day until now, the MCSWA team has been conducting awareness programs in various villages and schools in the district to spread the word on the dangers of drugs and AIDS and also to fight to achieve the goal of making India free from drugs and alcohol abuse.
The reason is the harassment of teachers from time to time especially in relation to their salaries, which teachers as this year have had to sleep on the streets to get their salaries. to increase their salaries.
The competition was organized by the Greater Nongnah Area People and Cultural Association. The competition was attended by only those from the Nongnah Area.
After a while, Seng Samla Mawmluh scored another goal through Arki Nongrum in the 39th minute.
On electricity, the Governor said that Meghalaya has signed a 24 X 7 agreement with the Central Electricity Department.
In the first leg, Langsning beat Shillong Lajong 1-0 on 16th July
Garo Hills is a clear witness in this regard as people here rely on government schools.
However, on the 3rd, members of the RSS, Bajrang Dal and VHP seized two buses and accused the youth of forcibly converting them to Christianity.
Regarding the lack of drinking water, he said the church leaders have tried to meet with the authorities and promised to provide water, although there are some households who have not yet received the water as the government wants. to provide drinking water to all households through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme as the village is large and the scheme is small compared to other villages.
The KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has honored Teimiki Sungoh from Shangpung village who came first in the Advance Mountaineering Courses at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute Darjeeling.
New Delhi, Jymmang 20 : Hosts India have qualified for Group A of the SAFF Championship 2023 alongside Kuwait, Nepal and Pakistan in the qualifiers on Tuesday.
The SP (city) said that the police have sought the cooperation of the village authorities to resolve the incident and now the situation has returned to normal in the areas where the riots occurred.
The meeting will begin at 10 am.
The report said that it is not clear in what form this arrangement will take place, but it is clear that the uranium from Meghalaya will be used as payment for the loan taken by Meghalaya.
Do you know that this largest and richest party is thinking about the upcoming Assembly elections in the state by thinking about 2023? Because we have seen recently an MLA of KHNAM who has said that he will join the BJP if it can grant the ILP. you are a politician.
He said that there should be no racial discrimination, at present Bah Hector has been promoted to the post of Chief Secretary.
When speaking, it is enough because the pronoun 'trai' abbreviates the 'a' as in English; it is not the owner who pronounces the 'a' which has two meanings Kynrad and Tbian.
The best and most commonly used on farms in India today are the Spring-tooth harrow and the Spike-tooth harrow. ".
Last year, KAS together with the state leaders and Sengbhalang held a seminar and also a demand in Delhi to inform the government authorities on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit. eight.
Through this day to encourage the participants, prizes were also distributed to the participants of the traditional song competition and prizes were also distributed to the winners of the 5 km Marathon.
“The committee will meet every three months to discuss the border issue,” said the EM.
The Minister explained that the question raised for the last time in the House, in the 2022 Synrai Dorbar, was whether the allocation of funds spent belongs to the Central and State Governments as well.
According to the victims, the incident happened at 10 pm, when they were returning from Mawlasnai, after selling their Sying, but when they reached a place, The Assam Police have arrested them and searched the vehicle, which was carrying only three persons. When the Khasi police tried to speak, they tried to speak. At that time, the victims alleged that the Assam Police had beaten and tied a torch light on the head of one of the occupants of the vehicle.
Then 30 to 32 interested youths will be trained.
Therefore, he also expressed his best wishes for the HYC, the youth of the country and the nation to become a nation that knows people and knows God.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government, headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved the proposal of the Department of Telecom (DoT) to extend broadband through Public Wi-Fi networks under the Prime Minister’s Wi-Fi Access Network Interface (PM-WANI).
In addition, Danny Z Mukhim of Mawdakbati.
Thus Man is the master of all the earth.
In a statement, the Information Secretary of the party, Bah Pynskhem Syiemlieh said that the party has decided to fully support the rally of the 13 civil society organizations to be held tomorrow at Students Square, Jaiaw.
Boney Jyrwa, in an interview with this reporter, said that while he was leaving the parking lot at MUDA, he saw a drug dealer.
“One of the changes we are considering is to appoint Village Volunteers, and these Volunteers will act as government representatives in the villages.
This was announced by NEOA President Th Radheshyam, who is also an MLA, while talking to media on Tuesday.
After that, the then CEM announced on 12th July 2014 that the District Council together with the Hima Mylliem have decided to clean up and remove the the cross of Judah.
To avoid the spread of the disease, we must be careful in electing the leaders of MLAs, MDCs, MPs and others in public administration. I think maybe they take money before the election and when they win they will release the money because they don't do anything.
Speaking on the occasion, Hamletson said, “Now it seems that the BJP wants to move forward with the CAB, and if it is in this form, we are in the NPP government. NDA, if the BJP passes this bill, the NPP should withdraw from the NDA. If the NPP withdraws from the NDA, the BJP here too will fall (from the government),” he said. Mr. Hamletson.
This festival is a memorial and offering of the Khasi Khara once a year to God, the Lord, the Creator – the Creator of the universe to uphold the rights and customs.
The candidates for these constituencies were announced on Tuesday at a meeting held at Pynursla in the presence of the National Vice President of the NPP, Pynursla MLA and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong. along with the leaders of the District and Pynursla NPP Block.
They were identified as Nikil Sarkar, 30, of Muktapur and Victoria Shylla, 34, of Mootyrchiah.
All these things the Word of God foretold – “The Lord shall build Jerusalem” Psalm 147:2
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswas Sharma has admitted that the BJP party will be able to form a government in Meghalaya after the 2023 elections in Meghalaya.
\ “Many of the residents who pass through this road have faced a serious problem in terms of food and drink, some of them have to walk in the snow and in the rain to find shops. get food because cars are parked in places where there are no shops.
At this time, a motorcycle (ML-14 8862) driven by Dechrang T.Sangma (23sne) of Damalgre who was coming from Garobadha collided with a motorcycle. They both came to the bridge of Chimesenggre.
“Chomang” means Pnar and “Kan” means Shad.
In another development, the HYC also visited the 37 km Riangdo-Athiabari road to inspect the construction of the road.
However, on the 28th of July, they said that workers were brought in to start building the house to set up shops. also to continue this work.
God help me.
The KSU leader said that if there is a Labor Department, all those who come to work have to register themselves at the Interstate Migration Workmen Act. 169 days and that too they have to have enough documents.
Two children died in Mawsynram C&RD Block.
According to Ms. Berlin, she said she answered all the questions the police asked her about her son.
Lahkmen is an MLA and Minister in the MDA Government.
Jowai: The Police Department in West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills, has held the biggest meeting of the Village Defense Party (VDP) at the office of the SP. in the District.
In the first half, both the teams played hard and Nongkynrih Sports Club managed to score the first goal in the first half. 6 and in the 21st minute.
“The urea allocated for the farmers should not be delivered to the factories,” he said.
It is a creature that cleverly moves water from one place to another, which children play with especially in rural areas.
There has been a lot of concern among the people when government officials who are considered as Very Important Persons (VIPs), have come to stop and slow down even in the middle of the traffic jam because they have the right to stop the vehicles. the people, that they might be moved.
Congress leader and MP Gaurav Gogoi has alleged that the BJP has misused information technology (IT) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to pressure against the government. leaders of the opposition.
This day was celebrated as part of the campaign to raise awareness on the importance of drinking milk in everyday life because milk is a nutritious food that helps to build the body. There are many other foods that can be found in milk that contain all the nutrients.
Shillong, November 01: U Bah PT Sawmie, MDC Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie today met with the office bearers of the Durbar Shong Umshing in the presence of the Secretary Shnong Bah AT Snaitang and other office bearers. village.
There was a time when He prayed for His disciples before He was going to be crucified to save people and this prayer was very heavy from His heart. according to John 17:24 Jesus prayed, “Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world.
Bah Lyngdoh also thanked the Kyrmen Foundation which has a great responsibility to open up opportunities for the youth of the area through their talents.
However, there are still those who want to go and it was learned that last night many people came to witness these amazing birds and who came to the place, where there were even people from other places who came just to see these birds.
The tournament was organized by Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat of the Union Government from 1st June to 3rd June,
Gadkari said in 2015 that he used to plant up to 50 liters of umjung in his garden and said that the plants that get umjung are better. In 2017, the Minister also suggested to have a water treatment plant.
Police under the leadership of Lalduhwami Ralte together with a team of East Jaintia Hills Police have left for Shillong to arrest Lathazuali Ralte who is the head of these cases. and who took these drugs from Mizoram.
Now that it is time for the handshake, it seems that they are no longer able to work together, but when the 2nd noon comes, they have gone to work together to form a new government.
She said that although there was a lot of trouble before the start of the tournament, thanks to the hard work of the organizers, the tournament went smoothly.
Therefore, there is an ongoing investigation into this incident,” said Bah Sylvester.
He said to reach Mawpud village you have to pass through the highway (NH106) to Umpung village and from Umpung you have to pass through Pyndengwar village and Lad Dommawlein which is about 13 km to reach Mawpud.
Petrol prices never increased as they are happening now why is the government in power which claims to bring down prices not doing anything.
“Who led the team, the then Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Deborah Marak, Saidullah Nongrum together with the leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) “The Meghalaya government has decided not to proceed with the uranium mining,” said the UDP leader. room.
About 225 young men and women from the age of 10 to 18 years were tested and sent to play four games as a test. In phase-1, 4541 young players were tested and 200 young players were selected to reach the rankings. The Elite Pathway Program is available for ten years.
Until now, there are no books to prove this.
“We will look at the candidates by looking at their good life, whether they are willing to help others, whether they have sufficient education, whether they can speak in the Assembly to advocate for themselves. Are they irreligious or non-religious, and do they want the rights of all? Furthermore, the Seng said that we must exercise our sacred right to elect those leaders who are right. .
VG is a close assistant of Lyng Dohsad, the Chief Executive Officer of the Catholic Church in Shillong Archdiocese. Father Richard is also the Secretary of the Archdiocesan Education Society. Shillong Archdiocese on many issues including the impact of Covid-19, the role of the church and politics, the fight against Covid-19 and school related matters.
When asked why they tied the tyllai to the root of the tree and threw it back into the middle of the mawsiang, they said that the people who came from the place used the tyllai. tyllai with a stick from the syngkai and went down to the middle of the night to catch the doh jei.
Speaking to reporters, the Director of the Mother Teresa International Film Festival (MTIFF) Fr Francis Stephen said that the festival will be held in 50 countries while in India it will be held in Kolkata will start on the 26th of this month and will extend to other places for six months, while in the North East it will start from the 6th to the 9th of July. State Central Library, Shillong and will be held across the North East until 25th June,
“I am confident and confident that the people of the State will elect the Congress again in
“We have also decided to arrange for three sites as soon as possible, namely Langpih, Borduar and Deshdoomreah.
The 101 new cases include 40 cases from West Garo Hills, 13 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 24 cases from East Khasi Hills, 7 cases from South West Garo Hills, 6 cases from Ri Bhoi and 3 cases from South. Garo Hills, three from East Jaintia Hills and one from East Garo Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
In the last over, he tied a six from 112 meters off Clint McKay.
When inquired from the Sordar and the Secretary of the Village on the income of the villagers, they said that about 50% of the Nongdisongs are poor and about 25% of them are middle class. while 25% have increased their income.
“As the leader of Mawlai constituency, I am deeply concerned about the marten which could affect the health of the residents of the area,” said the MLA. I have judged all the bread.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has failed to implement the promise made by the Chief Minister on 12th June. u year.
Lasooki Lakiang is the husband of Lumlang Patwet and the father of Larilang-O Patwet.
The residents will not benefit from the ration until the ration card is distributed.
The signing of the soskular will be a milestone in the development of electricity, to pave the way for prosperity and a secure future.
The Meghalaya People's United Front (MSF) Ribhoi District today raided a shop of a foreigner named Sardarji Da Dhaba, located in Pahamrioh Nongpoh. There is no way to sell food and beverages which can cause serious harm to the consumers of this shop.
However, immediately afterwards, Bah Arun said that Bah Ardent stood up to speak.
SR Sen was born on 9th October 1957 in Shillong. He completed his education in Shillong and his LLB degree from Shillong Law College.
He never forgot to pay any respect to the Sahep, sometimes with fish, sometimes with ashar bang, sometimes with beautiful sets.
However, the changes are all sudden, it is no longer the same as in the past.
The Registrar of the Meghalaya High Court, B. Mawrie, said that yesterday the authorities punished one employee, while all the other employees came out to condole with him.
Tian said she wants a tall boyfriend, because in China, most of them are short, because she is 5 feet 6 inches tall and said that she doesn't want a boyfriend yet. However, as soon as she has completed her duty to treat these Corona patients, she wants to become young and be born with dignity.
Furthermore, the Union raises the final question “Are the Government Ministers aware of the shortcomings in the Government departments in charge of these matters? And if they know, why don't they do anything, so that this tendency to do stingy or stingy in the work of the people will stop immediately? And if they don't know these dark deeds of the Government departments, what good is it to them to be Ministers? Or is it possible that the Ministers know everything but they themselves hold the keys to the Government Officers like the keys of human beings? Or are there other reasons?” “On behalf of the Union, we express our strong opposition to the illegal construction of public buildings and urge the Government to come forward and RL Blah, General Secretary, Union of Village Authorities, Bri U Hynniewtrep, said in a statement.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) leaders on 19th June expressed their satisfaction with the explanation given by the state government on the implementation of the roster system in the state and said that they will wait for the final decision on the matter after consultation with all concerned.
Of course, we all feel sorry for the poor who are struggling to earn a living, but we cannot ignore the corruption and instability of the khadar system.
Shillong, July 30 : The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday announced that three Common University Entrance Test (CUET) centers will soon be set up in Meghalaya.
According to the information received from the family members, the 'tiew tymmen left his house at about 7 am on Friday morning to go to the field, but the family members received information. until the evening; At about 5:30 pm, some villagers found the body of the elderly man.
The prizes include T.50,000, T.20,000, T.10,000 and three consolation prizes worth T.2000/- each.
The day was enriched by songs, dances and games by the students, in the presence of parents, teachers and school principals.
Another type of flour used as fertilizer is ammonium sulphate.
All buses coming to the Lyngdoh shrine will park at the upper part of the parking lot at the stand jeep and sumo will park at the lower floor, small vehicles will park on the other side of the road from Kyrbom to District Council and Vehicles with Car Pass will park in the designated areas, while vehicles of Fathers and Sisters will park in the Parish.
Zoramthanga said there is a problem with Renu Sharma, as she does not understand the Mizo language and this will hinder various development projects.
Other messages through placards were, 'We can no longer volunteer, don't ignore us government', 'MDA Government Down Down', 'You pay us 2000, you don't pay 5000, more than Some of the ASHAs who still have children have left their children and walked at least 2 kilometers to convey their demands to the government.
Not only that, if we talk about Assam, we see that the 19 lakh people are not only Muslims, but recently, we see that the Gorkha community has become angry that many of them have been registered in Assam. The NRC list and not only that, it has been seen that there are Khasi, Garo people who have been excluded and these are just a few words, which should have been kept in those prisons, which Goalpara (if the State Government doesn't think otherwise) or to deport them to Bangladesh, as the BJP leaders have decided. These are two cases, but there is only one issue and that is that if there is no winning and losing decision, then the time spent by the judges and the listening of the people is meaningless. .
There has been a dispute between the two or three sides of the villagers who have failed to administer the customs.
It is understood that the reason why the Nongmihkhmat of Jirang, has issued these words, is after he saw through the media that some of the foreign students, who have violated the They are going up and down even though the government has ordered them to complete the quarantine ordered by the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : U Shillong North MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday vowed to leave the government if the government delays the construction of a strong police station at Mukroh to protect the border guards. There is no border with the state of Assam.
Shortly after being re-elected for a second term in January 2019, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his government have repealed Article 370 and Article 35A in This has brought about a political change, in which it has been able to fulfill the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)'s 40-year-old promise.
In another incident, a shop in Iew Musiang known as N Electronic at Kma Building was robbed by robbers on the morning of the 11th. Mobile Phones and other items worth up to 52,000 tyngka.
In his speech, the Chief Guest praised the Seng Samla for taking the initiative to conduct this awareness program so that we can learn how to protect and care for the environment which has been given by God the Creator of mankind. He urged us to take care of the environment because we have only one world where we human beings can live and stay here and for that reason we need to take care of the environment in order to get a better life. holy air in the morning.
The main crops are rice, sugarcane, synsar and horticultural cultivation is still very low.
However, nothing has been done to the killers.
This closure of these residents of Khanduli by the Karbi has caused a great loss to the residents of Khanduli as it is still the time to sow sying seeds in the fields.
The statement also said that many of the people of this area are not able to afford to go to private hospitals and many of them are waiting only from government hospitals.
The seized items were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh from the border in South Garo Hills.
He asked the state government how much revenue it has collected from these companies in the state.
The court issued this order after the mother of Bah Marbaniang, Kong D Marbaniang, filed a complaint with the court on Monday, demanding that the case should be handed over to the CBI for investigation. task.
Regarding the proposal to improve the Nongstoin-Nonglwai-Pombriew-Rangblang-Mariem-Umdohlun-Wahkaji-Phlangdiloin-Ranikor highway by the Government of Meghalaya, The District Council has become a stumbling block for the rapid development of the West and South West Khasi Hills.
Through this decision, the Finance Commission to be set up by the Government of India will allow for the spending power of the 40 District Councils as well as the Villages and Municipal Councils within the border. of the Sixth Schedule.
The program was conducted in collaboration with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Meghalaya, Shillong in all districts of Meghalaya with 200 participants from Phase-I and 60 participants from Phase-I. - II and those selected to participate in the training for a period of 10 years.
Dikanchi also spoke about Purno A Sangma (conrad's father who passed away recently) and said that Purno is a leader from the North East who wants to protect the people. Kristan but now his party has joined hands with the BJP. She recalled many of the works that Purno has done for Lum Garo but concluded by saying, “What else is Purno? Why did you leave the Congress party?
Recently, Bah Charles Marngar, left for Guwahati to meet with the Chiefs of Dispur Police Station, and urged them to take action for the search for the Longkmie.
It is worth mentioning that some civil society and political parties have expressed their dissatisfaction with the closure of the festival on Sunday as it is a holy day for Christians.
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang has decided not to allow anyone to come and eat New Year's Eve in the kwai field, kwai forest or near the kwai fields.
The party strongly condemned the kidnapping of Khasi by the Garo rebels and also condemned the killing of a Langrut policeman named Khomraj Bhattrai who was killed by the rebels.
Arunachal Pradesh Police in collaboration with the Assam Rifles this month said that they are continuing to search for two NSCN members – Roksen Homcha and Know Kit; They escaped from the central jail at the HQ of Tirap-Khonsa on Tuesday.
The singer requests the public to listen to these songs on his Youtube Channel, Lamdame Changpliang, on the 22nd of June
However, he said that in Meghalaya, there is only one medical college, NEIGRIHMS, which can send only 50 students while the need for doctors in Meghalaya is high.
Among other players, Afghanistan batsman Rashid Khan has returned to the top of the T20 rankings after leading the team to a 2-1 victory. against Pakistan in Sharjah.
In another decision, the Cabinet has decided to accept the proposal of the Biju Setu Yojana (BSY) for the extension of the Biju Setu Yojana (BSY). The agreement till 2025-26 with a grant of T.3,597.22 crore.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “The Congress should not blame anything on this issue because we have seen that the Congress has got the best opportunity to fight for the “It's been the government and MDA that has moved forward quickly,” he said.
The NPP has been in power since 2018, under Conrad Sangma, which will turn five years in January
We have no doubt that many of the youth who are still having the opportunity to participate in the election of leaders will not have enough knowledge if no one helps them.
NIOS has announced the date of the examination for the 1st Semester of untrained in-service teachers. service teachers) who are undergoing delayed training where the training is ongoing.
In a statement, the General Secretary, Tentiness Swer, said that the Women's Wing has sent this demand to the District Council since
Mairang: As part of the celebration of the National Fish Farmers Day, the Ministry of Fisheries, Government of Meghalaya, today held a virtual program for the states of Fish Farmers. The Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Parshottam Rupala, inaugurated various projects related to fisheries.
There was no demand for money from the Doloi as he had mislead the raiot in his area, but the reason was that he allowed the poiei to turn the soo kilo market into a cream. that snow.
He was Pope from April 24, 1585 to April 10,
The venues for the tournament are St Anthony's School, JN Stadium, Polo, U Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium, Shillong Club, Laban Sports Club Indoor Stadium, Assam Regimental Centre, Crinoline Swimming Pool.
She also strongly criticized the government doctors in Ballia for their thoughtless statement that the deaths of these people were due to the heat wave. it is accepted that the heat of the sun has been the cause of the continued increase in the death toll of many people.
Tomar will arrive at Kyrdemkulai on 4th July and will stay overnight before opening the College of Agriculture and will meet with the farmers at the college.
S.Suchen, said, “On our part, we will always be with the people of East Jaintia Hills District and all the people who pass through this NH-6, who face problems on the NH-6 We request the DC not to please only the NHAI, when he comes to become the DC of East Jaintia Hills District he should be with the people of the district. The union wants the DC to order the NHAI to repair the road immediately. How many more people have been killed? Therefore, we urge the DC to think carefully to please the people of the district first of all. “The party immediately rejects the order of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District, who urged the party to immediately reject the NHAI. “On our part, we have not been able to open or remove the locks from the Toll Gate Plaza. “We are clear here that if the DC's office opens the locks from the Toll Gate office, the transportation will be increased,” said KS Suchiang. “The party will not take responsibility,” he said. “The party has already informed the ADC that the party has already decided that the party will take responsibility. NHAI has allowed the NHAI to open an office where they can do their office work but the union will not allow them to collect taxes from vehicles as they used to collect , as well as the union has already taken The NHAI has decided on 28th November that if the NHAI does not complete 70 percent of the maintenance work, the union will not allow the collection of revenue at the toll gate at Lumshnong.
“Dr. Ampareen, who is also in charge of the Department of Agriculture & Farmers' Wefare, said that the Government intends to provide similar services in terms of transportation of agricultural products.
When asked, he said that he has not yet spoken to Ardent Basaiawmoit, former MLA of Nongkrem but he has already spoken to Ardent's people as they are also his friends. not jan you.
Tramline Badminton Academy congratulated the Manager Kiefer W Shullai, Youth Coach Eranecles Syiem and also the children who took part in this tournament.
The price of Um-phniang will be Rs.22.60p per liter in Shangpung and Rs.20.25p per liter in Jowai and Thadlaskein.
He said Lajong are looking forward to a third consecutive victory after this match against TRAU which will fight for the first victory in this tournament.
Prominent physicians, Prof. Davinder Singh of Safdar Hospital, New Delhi, Prof. RK Baruah and Dr. Iran Bharali will be the special lecturers.
According to the report, she has sought a reply from the Advocate General of the State Government on this petition, to bring it to the hearing on the 26th of this month.
Let’s not count this part out.
On the part of the Principal of the College, Dr Eureka FP Lyngdoh, in her welcome speech, she presented the achievements of the College in the years since its inception on 2nd November,
The Leader of Opposition of the Congress Party in KHADC has the right to lead the new EC but the Congress MDC from Mylliem will be more prominent and better to lead the EC. Independent as was the Chief Minister of (L) Dr FA Khonglam at that time.
The C-17 left for Jeddah on Tuesday to transport Indians from Jeddah to Mumbai, the source said.
This custom of marriage between mother and woman has spread the Ksew-kynther-slap within this nation.
All the evil things come from within, and defile the man.
According to media reports, the child left home at 7 pm to pick up her mother from the shop where she was selling something. She did not return home but her body was found on Sunday.
The plastic bag weighs about 2 kilos.
We must learn from the wise how to speak because the times are changing and we must start with new knowledge. Shun the pen and lorni all others through self-control to escape the ridicule of the world.
Shillong, July 26: The Minister of Social Welfare today opened a meeting on the fight against drug abuse and trafficking in Shillong.
3) The 10 plagues against the Egyptians and Pharaoh:- We find them in Exodus chapters 7 to
She said that it is necessary to promote the Khasi language and the Central Government does not need to send back the documents to ask for more information. explanation from the State regarding the Khasi language.
Shiv Sena MP from Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray's faction Sanjay Raut in recent days said he has received threatening messages against him through messages on his mobile.
Huthi authorities said at least 85 people were killed and more than 322 injured in the clashes.
After confirmatory tests, it was found that the drug seized was Heroin.
The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) in collaboration with the public has taken the initiative to clean up the Umkhrah River. .
FKJGP President Khliehriat Circle Michal Chyrmang expressed his concern over the power outage and demanded that MePDCL should provide electricity to all the villages in the district for the benefit of the consumers.
The number of MLAs to contest the MDC election could also reach seven if Bah Sanbor Shullai of the NCP, who is still an MDC, contests again.
The Holy Spirit of God has not been taken away, the Spirit is still working now but it is up to man alone whether he will allow the Holy Spirit to work or not to allow Satan to work in his heart. his.
After entering the school, it was found that the school has about four or five lines of study including CSE, ECE.EE, ME, CE. Three years after reaching the PhD degree, it was seen that the benches and tables where the students should sit were covered with pum pum and it was lyngkrung kyngkrang.
The Lyngdoh said that these volunteers have received enough money.
The event was enriched by dances by members of KSU Girls Wing, Khliehriat and songs by singer Bankerlang Kharkongor.
He said that in the absence of this engineering wing, the police department has had to follow many time-consuming rules and regulations which are in conflict with various departments even to do small jobs. riat, that is, not only for the maintenance of the sum rooms or the police stations or barracks.
At the same time, he said that if he reaches the goal of victory, he wants to have fair governance in all aspects and without discrimination.
“I have given the people as a mother instead of teaching the truth but they teach lies, but when I spoke on that day they said that my children are liars, isn't it that they teach lies? , because as a mother I know how many times my children eat tiphin and how many times they bring plates to eat at school.
The bridge at Lailad to cross the Umtrew River is one of the oldest bridges in the Umling Road. -Patharkhmah and even the village leaders have been demanding from time to time to build a new bridge because of the danger that can cause tragic incident at any time.
CEC Leaders Sambormi Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary Allmiki Ryngkhlem, Finance Secretary Training Phawa, Organizing Secretary Lasinme Syad, Publicity Secretary Mebanteilang Sukhaliñ, Education Secretary Diamon Bareh and other unit leaders of the JNC were also present. The meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong of Samasi Ma Kynmoo Chyrmang and welcomed the guests.
The CMD also holds the posts of Director of Corporate Affairs, MeECL, Additional Secretary of Mining and Geology and Commissioner of Taxes.
He said the government is trying to provide useful services to the students but it seems that the parents do not agree because they do not have the confidence to send their children through these buses.
“May poverty not prevent you from reaching the goal of victory, by encouraging this Hebrew to continue to do many brave deeds in her life, by helping those who have lost their lives. “It's a good example for others,” said Kong Rona.
FIFA has also set the dates leading up to the voting, starting on 21 June as the deadline for members of various unions to register. in their desire for salvation.
Shillong, November 22: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that the people of the state especially the students studying abroad have to come to their home state to get their Aadhaar number when they need it urgently and it has not been allowed. Therefore, the foreigners who are resident in the state should not apply for Aadhaar number in the state. I have to go back to my own state.
Lal said the RSS has been involved in the re-election of Narendra Modi in this year's elections by pointing out the development works done by the BJP government. Bhagwat said he used the term Abrahamic religion, which means that Islam and Christianity are foreign religions and therefore their followers should fall into the category of Abrahamic religion. secondary citizens.
According to a statement issued by Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the Seng, the registration will start on the 21st of this month in Amlarem, then on the 24th in Jongksha, on the 25th in Mawngap and on the 28th. Mawkyrwat, 1st June in Ummulong, 3rd June in Namdong, 5th in Saitsohpen, 6th in Umroi, 8th in Mawsynram, 13th in Shangpung, 15th in Kynshi, 20th in Nongpoh, 29th in Patharkhmah. and 6th of July in Mawhati.
“In the first phase, we have seen that the demarcation has not followed exactly all the Five Agreed Principles including Historical Facts, Ethnicity, Geographical Contiguity, Administrative Convenience & Williness of the people.
The tournament will end on the 17th of this month.
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of the Council, Jowai to look into this matter and take the necessary action according to the rules and regulations of the Council.
He said that in the fight against the case, the robber has appointed his own lawyers to defend him and after a thorough investigation, the family The court has found that the suspect has committed the crime and sentenced him to imprisonment for up to 7 years. along with a fine of T.20 thousand tyngka.
Meanwhile, MEPA in a statement through Bah John Thabah, General Secretary, has decided to join hands with various media groups in India to write to the Chief Justice of India. and urged him to fight against attempts to violate press freedom as has happened in the past few days to some journalists in Delhi.
The Jirang MLA urged the people not to be ashamed or ashamed when they go for testing, but if they feel any difference in their body, they should immediately go to the places. care, for send Test yourself.
A team led by Sub Inspector BD Sangma has removed a tree that has fallen on electricity signs on the road leading to Sangsanggre, Tura. Trees felled on the signs of an electricity post at Matchakolgre, Tura on the 28th of this month.
In the second leg, Madanryting SC beat Sumit Academy 5-0
Russia have won at home on the opening day of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Regarding the government 's failure to listen to their request for three months , the Panaliar Dorbar Shnong has given 10 days to the department Health and the state government to take action on their demands otherwise they will show by their actions.
The purpose of the KSU to improve this tree is to bring benefits and beauty and to preserve the heritage that has been passed down by our ancestors since ancient times.
The names of the candidates include John Leslee Sangma from South Tura Constituency against Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma of the NPP and Bernard R Marak from the BJP. called North Tura Constituency.
The Principals of Schools and Colleges and Principals of Higher Secondary Schools in Meghalaya have been directed to provide information on the requirements for the Common University Examination. Test (CUET) for admission to colleges affiliated to NEHU. The letter also states that there will be no exemption for Meghalaya from the CUET examination. On 16th July 2024, the Minister of Education, Meghalaya, the Chief Secretary, the Chief Secretary and the Deputy Commissioners of East and West Jaintia Hills have sent a letter to the Minister of Education. CUET is located in Shillong, Tura and Jowai.
East Khasi Hills has 219 cases followed by West Khasi Hills with 187 new cases.
Kyntiewlin Kharsati, daughter of Everton Nongrum and Mrs. Panora Kharsati, wife of Gordon M. Tham, sister of Ibarilin and Philadalin Kharsati, mother of Mr. Artet Banlam, Dulon Banjop and Lamer Phylla Damesha Kharsati, passed away on 21st June
He praised the leaders of this Mission because it is not easy to look after the orphans and this is exactly like a service to God.
A 15-year-old boy has lost his life while three others have been seriously injured after a large tree with broken bones fell on their house in the village. A trickster.
Father Stan Swamy died as a prisoner in prison and has not yet been tried.
The Dorbar Kur Warjri will be held on the 12th November, 2023 at Thynroit village.
The MLA said that after Bakyrshan became famous, he felt that she should help him because she saw his hard work.
Looking back at the opposition, although it is not the party that the people decided to sit in the opposition in 2018, but the TMC has been bluit by accident, which has failed to solve the problems. , they have to compromise just to get the speaker's recognition of their group.
Nongpoh, Nailur 22: Although many of the children of the Raid Ïapngar have begun to forget one of the cultures of the ancients due to the rapid change of time, but to preserve one culture of the Raid In fact, Kong Telis Rymbai, as one of the prominent Longkmie in the Raid, has come forward to preserve this culture which is known as 'Buh Lung Rynshong'
The reason is because of stealing to buy drugs.
The Chief Secretary said that the Civil Service Award will be awarded to the State Government and the National Civil Service Award will be awarded to the Central Government.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, on Tuesday said that he has not received any letter from the state government that it is necessary to convene the Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, the KSU under the leadership of Franklin Syiemiong General Secretary, visited the hospital on Monday and found that the equipment has been moved from the hospital to another place.
The program has been implemented in 500 Aspirational Block in 329 districts of the country.
Therefore, the two lessons we have learned from the incident in Jowai is to rethink how we manage our waste (waste management) and the second is that the time has come for urban areas to have waste management. that work sor.
Pomegranate is rich in nutrients, vitamin B5 and helps the bones.
Mihsalan Suchiang, 79, passed away on Tuesday morning after a long illness.
Poets, singers write and compose songs, as well as leaders and thinkers think and develop world thought, prepare the path, prepare the foundations of governance, justice, society. and saiῆdur is the custom, the culture.
He is responsible for the leadership of the Council.
Meanwhile, the Indian troops on the other hand, are well prepared for the fighting and are now at a distance of 826 kilometers from the border between the two countries in Ladakh.
The tender has been called and awarded to two contractors and the work has started in
“The lack of children coming to school is a matter of serious concern.
She said that everyone remembers the actions of PM Modi and expressed the BJP's concern for the protection of women when they talked about the Nirbhaya issue and now where are these concerns now, or This is just a drama to come to power, so the Congress party says that the BJP is not concerned about the protection of women.
There are three candidates for the election including UDP candidate Moonlight Pariat, BJP candidate Allan Keith Suchiang, TMC candidate A. Andrew Shullai, Congress candidate Daniel Dann and incumbent MLA Wailadmiki Shylla.
However, according to the law, these children cannot work but they have to do these jobs which they cannot do so that they can continue their daily lives.
Nongpoh: The Union of Shiphew Shnongs of Tasku Area in Ri Bhoi, has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, requesting him to take action and block the trucks passing from Lailad to Umling.
When we look at the newspapers or news channels in the past months and last year, this protest continues and even today.
Hek said the party has not yet decided to announce its candidate for the Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats. Seats.
Tej Bahadur admitted that it was his picture in the video, but said he never spoke of shooting the prime minister dead. GVL Narasimha Rao, spokesperson of the BJP, said that he was arrested by the police in Delhi in 2017 during a dharna at Jantar Mantar in Delhi after he was dismissed by the BSF. Tej Bahadur Yadav's speech in a video demanding Rs 50 crore to shoot Modi.
Of these 10 constituencies, most of them are from Shillong and Khapsor.
“Therefore, any meeting needs to be discussed with the MHA and I promise everyone that there will be no problem or disruption to the peace talks,” he said.
Up to 93820 people have been infected in the past few years but 92215 people have recovered.
In addition, our Aganwadi workers have been at the forefront of the fight against COVID-19 by entering every household to do contact tracing, check the health status of the people. health care for the elderly, distribution of necessary items to families, providing accurate information and educating people on ways to protect themselves from this disease.
After further investigation by the police, they learned that there are three others involved with them in Phulbari.
East Khasi Hills has 144 cases, Ribhoi 9 cases and West Garo Hills 13 cases.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Friday laid the foundation stone of the Wapung C&RD Block which has been relocated from Khliehriat to Wapung.
He said that the state government will not only spend money to make the shap on the jersey but he as the Chief Minister has also talked to the authorities to bring back the jersey. The club is based in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbha, Prestone Tynsong, said that this approval is to facilitate those who want to mine stone and shyiap.
When I open my eyes, I look, With the waters that flow; On the hills and plains, The wind blows to eat.
When our nation has been completed from side to side, we must maintain, follow and use it so that the nation will run smoothly as it has been from the past to the future. Otherwise, the civil society must stop. They should immediately declare that their aim is to preserve the sacred heritage of the Jewish people and the great men of the Khasi people. Jews and also to keep separate the heritage of Christians and not the nation.
The High Court has accepted the petition of the CMJ University challenging the Governor's proposal to dissolve the CMJ University issued on July 12 under Section 48 of the CMJ University Act, .
Bah JC Diengngan, independent candidate from Mawthadraishan, has contested the MLA election as an independent candidate (lost UDP ticket) while now he will contest as a Congress candidate while his brother Airmarshall will contest as an independent candidate. He did not apply for the Congress ticket but was rejected for the UDP ticket.
Speaking to reporters, the Center Doloi President of FKJGP Western Ri-Bhoi said that after the Jirang Constituency has received many development works since the appointment of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as MLA, the groups have received many development projects. The Sengbhalang held a meeting without expressing its gratitude to the MDA government especially to Bah Sosthenes Sohtun for taking the initiative to bring about many development schemes in the area.
Another is God's fulfillment of the prophets of the Old Testament and the last prophet is Malachi.
On whether they have the number of voters to demand the resignation of the Prime Minister, Jemino said that in the last election, the total number of voters was 13,19,039, lakh votes for the Congress. It received 4,58,783 lakh votes or 34.78% while the National League for Democracy (NLD) and other parties received 8,60,256 lakh votes or 65.22%. He said that the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has visited the country.
The assistance from the government is too small because the loss of farmers is in the tens of thousands but they receive only hundreds or thousands and it does not match the damage.
Although we don't need to go far or long, we see that these days, the Khasi language has gradually disappeared and in this age of mobile, internet and In the computer age, it is very difficult to write the Khasi language completely, because the words come in the writing and pronunciation of the English language and that is why we often see that the Khasi news, There are often many mistakes, because the key board is often pronounced in English and the mobile, especially, before you finish the sentence, it is pronounced differently.
Sanjay Leela, the director of Gangubai Kathiawadi, reportedly fell ill along with Ranbir Kapoor while shooting the film.
The second semifinal (eliminator) will be played on the 5th of this month between Niaw Wasa and Nangbah Mulang.
According to the petition, SLP(C) 3656 of 2016, the Supreme Court of India will hear the case of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council on the 12th of this month.
After this, these items were handed over to the Custom Police for further investigation.
Look at the various examples to see what those who made them have to offer me to you.
“The HITO will continue to oppose this proposal and immediately revoke the three licenses that the department has issued to the people to operate these casinos,” he said.
Through this inspection, the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, have also used equipment that can measure the temperature of the passengers, for those who have exceeded the temperature. , the authorities in charge of the area, have sent them to inspect themselves, in those areas which have been set aside by the government.
According to an RTI request, the government has dissolved the Jowai Municipal Board and why it cannot elect the full leaders or ward commissioners of the JMB. The proposal to dissolve the Jowai Municipal Board was sent to the JHADC in October
The Gibeonites were inhabitants of the land of Canaan before the Israelites invaded and did not take possession of it.
The Captain Williamson Sangma State University, the first university in Meghalaya, was inaugurated on 14th July, 2023 by the Chief Minister.
Such thoughts have shaken Panah's mind.
ATM machines should be provided at all branches of MCAB as well as elsewhere, so that it will be convenient for the people who deposit money through their accounts and also those who need to withdraw money urgently.
One of them is a doctor from NEIGRIHMS Hospital, one is a doctor from Civil Hospital and one is a doctor from Nazareth Hospital.
Regarding the seven places which have already signed the soskular demarcation last year, these two States have completed the demarcation of the boundary at Hahim, and four other places. The border crossing will be completed by November 31,
On social media, it was seen that all the people have expressed their confidence in the VPP to show its decision after they have invited other political parties like the UDP, PDF, HSPDP to vote. The VPP has four MLAs but two of them, Ardent Basaiawmoit and Adelbert Nongrum, have been MLAs while Brightstarwell Marbaniang and Brightstarwell Marbaniang have been MLAs. Mr. Heavingson Kharpran is the winner of this election.
Shillong: On behalf of the Paid Riewngeit of the Catholic Church of Shillong, the Catholic Association of the Catholic Church of Shillong has expressed not only its deep sorrow, but also its strong condemnation. Sri Lankan police are investigating to identify the perpetrators of the bombing of several Christian churches. and hotels, on Easter Sunday, June 21, in various parts of Sri Lanka, where about 300 people were killed and dozens of others injured and caused damage and damage to many homes and buildings in various parts of the country.
The tournament has come to an end today after the boys and girls from different houses have been able to showcase their talents since Tuesday. C Priest MLA of Umsning.
These villages include Mynnar Jirang which has affected 100 houses, Nongsier 55 houses, New Jirang 30 houses, Nongwah Mawlein 24 houses, Center Village 32 and Nongwah Paham Ryngkong. 32, 43, Wahsynon 17, 14 and others.
Only today, the Dy CEM of KHADC has seen that he has gone to Delhi to ask for money.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Spokesperson Bindo M. Lanong, on Tuesday said that he has not yet decided whether he will continue to work with the UDP or leave. “The UDP has forgotten and when there are various meetings of the party, the leaders have not been able to speak,” said Bindo.
Modi will stay overnight and leave on the 28th but before leaving, he wants to visit one of the places in Meghalaya and apparently Mawlynnong or Sohra.
The Seng at the CEC meeting held in an emergency today, has decided to hold strong protests starting with the raising of the flag on Tuesday, the 23rd of this month.
On the other hand, Samla Daniel Nongpud President Thiepjaphlang Unit said that the party will continue to monitor and demand their rights.
One India is a Strong India.
However, even though they were just like that, the victory and reach of their son to the top of India, surprised his parents, because they did not expect.
Yes, you women know better,” said the father.
The State Bank of India (SBI) has decided to charge only 3 percent interest on all depositors in the Savings Bank of India. within the Bank.
Experience:- 5+ years experience in the field of Public Health Programs or any health-related.
Jowai March 03: After the completion of the Khasi Bible, it has been reprinted for the third edition and released today on 02/10/2 Rev. Fr. Ferdinand Dkhar, Diocesan Administrator of Jowai Diocese, in the presence of Fathers and parishioners from various parishes of the Diocese.
Speaking on the attacks on religious and minority groups, the Congress leader said the NPP is part of the BJP-led NDA while the national parties are in the North East Democratic Alliance (NDA). “They cannot shake hands because they have worked together for five years, now they cannot say yes because they have been involved in the MDA government,” he said. .
Police have registered a case under Section 21(b)/29 of the NDPS Act and are conducting further investigation.
She said that the government has also empowered the Dorbar Shnongs to look after these health centres.
Also to provide a market for the convenience of farmers, to eliminate the kilo price in the market, to strengthen the agriculture sector such as pig farming, cattle farming, cow farming and others. to increase the number of scientists in charge of agriculture to avoid pests, to provide roads and paths to farmland, to expedite assistance to farmers in the event of natural disasters and others.
“Only T.18.64 crore was released twice, T.9.32 crore was released once on 7th October, 2014 and 20th October, 2015 and the remaining amount is T.14.64 crore. " said the EM of the budget.
This exemption is valid from May, 2022 only.
She said that in Mawphlang block alone, the government has to pay T.80 lakh but when the money is released, it releases only T.8 lakh.
Therefore, we must strive to follow the guidelines of the Government as well as the Village Authorities.
English song (Solo): First Prize: Little Star UPS, Lad Rymbai, Second Prize: Iawpyngkat UPS, Khliehriat and Third Prize: Sacred Heart UPS, Lamyrsiang.
They are also those who know each other and are friends with each other.
Both Amebaaihunsha and Arghadeep scored 575 marks.
The match between SCSC Nonglatem and Mukhla Umlangshor ended 2-2
To help make history for the club was a proud moment for me and the fans made me feel like a family.
MA/MSc/M.Com, etc. degrees are available.
This was announced by the Commissioner & Secretary in charge of the Ministry of Education Pravin Bakshi in a statement issued on Thursday.
The third and fourth quarter finals will be played on the 7th of this month between 11 am: Nongdawah vs Wahiajer.
Robinus Syngkon MDC of the constituency as the chief guest launched the jhur vehicle in the presence of BDO Laskein Block, Mulum Village Secretary Dicky Suchiang, PGS Group members, ASHAs, Agandwadi, Youth Club and Pasqualina Lamare, Associate of SURE, welcomed the Honorable Local MDC, BDO of Laskein Block, Rev HH Mohrmen, Secretary of SURE. , Village Secretary, Member of PGS, SHG and others.
“We don't like that the villages in South West Khasi Hills should fall under East Khasi Hills,” he said.
“These others are now shocked because they have heard the voice of the UDP and the party candidate, Bah Synshar Roy.
Members of the Public Account Committee (PAC) under the chairmanship of Bah Charles Pyngrope visited the border roads in the Balat-Dangar area.
In the case of the deaths of six people in the coal mine, T.5 lakh was paid to the households of each of the deceased and then, on the negligence of the hospital authorities, T.3 lakh was paid to the victims.
“The party has received two nominations to contest the MP election but the party has selected Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon to contest the MP election 2024 because he (Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon) is “As the state election committee, the VPP has met on the 16th of this month to decide on the MP election from Shillong Lok Sabha seat,” said Dr Kara. talk to the press.
There is no benefit in providing roads and highways that meet the standards.
On these grounds, the two youths urged the DC to immediately stop the construction of a clinker plant in this area, as it will cause harm to the passengers. people living in the villages nearby and especially the Umiam River.
Reinjoywell Wasrde (31'), Lastbornson Marweiñ (60') and Aidborlang Thongni (90'+1) scored the goals for Mawten. ).
He said that the priests have to take the place of Christ especially in the holy sacraments, it is great because you have been specially anointed to preach the Word of God to all.
?" Rida asked, "How can I tell you when the time comes..." The mother replied, "Why, God, why do you.
Myllung Soso Tham was thanked by all those present from the villagers to the people by writing shun on the sladur that had not been used for the purpose.
Speaking on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the Bible Society of India, Mawkyrwat Branch said that it is a work of victory for the name of Jesus Christ.
However, they have driven away that worldly wealth and forgotten to ask or examine the cause of the evil which has really affected the peace and stability in the society in the state and the country.
The Man of the Match was awarded to Jeffery Surong of Nongrim Hills who played well on the day. Shillong: Police have seized 20 coal trucks from Umroi (Ri-Bhoi) on the 3rd of this month. ) and these trucks were driving without proper permits and were found to have violated the orders of the NGT and Supreme Court.
Up to 100 youths will receive training in this training.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the party, Bah Roipar Kharraswai, said that the protest will continue as the party has not sent anything.
as the saying goes, “the future belongs to the youth".
He said the central government wants to connect railway lines to all the states in the country especially the states which do not have railway lines in the eastern part of India.
Speaking on the occasion, Anita Kharpor, Director Employment and Craftsmen Training, Government of Meghalaya, praised the work of the Ramakrishna Mission and urged the students to register for the programme. online of the Department of Employment and Craftsmen Training (when they have completed their studies as this platform connects them with employers across the state and the country.
On the other hand, the union would like to express its gratitude to the District Police Chief Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS for the smooth running of the office. Many of them were not present at the time of their visit to the office.
He congratulated Wickliffe House for winning the title this year and Sngap Sing House for winning the second prize.
The second-placed player lost 6-4 in the first set to Alexander Shevchenko.
This was stated by Bah Metbah, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, at a welcoming ceremony for the retired DHS Dr. Aman War to become the party's candidate from North Shillong Constituency.
My complaint has been sent to Riangdo Police Station for further investigation.
In the four districts, South West Khasi Hills, North Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills, no new cases have been reported for several days.
A Delhi High Court on Tuesday extended the detention of Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MP Sanjay Singh by the Enforcement Directorate (ED). to 13th March in connection with his alleged involvement in misappropriation of property in his possession resulting from delay in work in the Excise Department.
Fr. Kitboklang Tyngkan is from Mowkyndeng.
They took this decision at a meeting held today at the Dorbar Hall, Lumkshaid in the presence of the leaders of the KHNAM State Youth Wing.
It is important to include regular meals among those who choose to eat only vegetables to ensure protein intake.
“The allegation that most of the jhur vendors are Miya is groundless and self-serving,” he said. “The statement of the Chief Minister of Assam that the Assamese youth should be expelled robbing the jhur vendors Miya is an inflammatory statement that can lead to the border of ethnic discrimination.
On the other hand, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, said that the party wants to get a garbage dump, because it is a highly paid area and which really needs to have a garbage dump. “It's a good idea to have a garbage dump, but as it is now, just because of the lack of garbage dump, it has caused many people to dump without finding it and this has caused trouble,” he added.
The victims were identified as Micky Lyngdoh, Waheh Shnong of Tuber Village and Denis Lyngdoh, Secretary IVCS and Chairman of Seinraij Tuber Kmai Village.
Shillong Lajong FC beat Real Kashmir 3-1 in the I-League match in Srinagar on November
The demarcation in the first phase, although initially praised by many quarters, but after it was found that some areas or villages from Meghalaya have been forcibly transferred to Assam, There has been strong opposition from all sides, until the MDA government has been accused of auctioning the land of the state to Assam.
When asked whether there is corruption in the implementation of this scheme, the Minister replied how can we say that because this is an allegation and for that reason an independent inquiry has been set up to reveal the corruption. truth.
In the rainy season, the gods are given colours, which will make them brighter, while in the rainy season, we cover them with blue clothes.
Nongpoh: U Bah Macmillan Byrsat, MLA Nongstoiñ, today took part as the Chief Guest at the ceremony of honoring 51 students who have passed well and came in the First Division in Jirang. He said that the people of Jirang Constituency are fortunate to have elected Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as their Leader. He said that the Jirang Constituency has received many development projects, which other previous MLAs have not done as well as the current MLA.
The Executive Committee of the Union also expresses its deep concern over the spread of drug abuse and drug trafficking in Shillong especially many of the youth have fallen victim to this crime.
On the other hand, police said that five youths were abducted by Kuki armed robbers.
The Jews mourned for Zion and asked themselves how they could sing the song of Zion in a foreign land. Zion has been conquered and destroyed.
Not only that, it also affects the parents of the school children who have to send their children to school every day by commercial vehicles.
Shillong: Another newspaper called “Meghalaya Express News” has been published in Shillong today. week that is on every Tuesday of the week.
It is also prohibited for the public to break the burning beer or cigarettes.
“As part of the implementation of the objective to curb the spread of drugs in the state, the DGP said, “The Punjab Police have worked hard to fight against drug trafficking. 17568 drug traffickers have been arrested after 13094 complaints have been filed since October 16, 2022 against them.
Shillong, Lber 3: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting in which the CEM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the meeting was only to discuss the pending work of the Council. .
The city authorities have ordered the residents of the eastern part of the Sindhuli River to temporarily evacuate due to the rising water level in the river. flood and landslide events at an unknown time.
“Ka dei khun” agrees the motherThis rainy season is a time when many expenses are required because there are many good deeds.
However, if Meghalaya is abolished, it means the destruction of us as a nation.
The day was concluded with a meeting held at DUYA Hall to discuss the benefits of the garment manufacturers. The Minister also promised to visit and meet with the garment manufacturers. They are still taking steps to provide assistance to the garment makers and especially those who make ryndia garments so that the umden sector has become well known not only in the state and the country but also in the world as a whole.
The torture and death of Jesus on the Cross is not surprising because the writings and prophecies of Isaiah clearly state that Jesus must suffer and die for the sake of reconciliation. man and God.
Hundreds of members of the HYC, led by Bah Richard Diengdoh, President HYC Nongpoh Circle, Bah Tony Shylla, General Secretary, HYC Nongpoh Circle, in the presence of HYC office bearers; Ri Bhoi, including Jayson Lenox Nongrum, have raided the foreign shops in Nongpoh, where they have closed down those who have not been able to produce their documents. who are enough.
The JN Sports Complex has been taken over by the Government for other purposes not related to sports.
The Governor also said that education in India has not been made a priority.
And if there is a fire, the Firebrigade vehicles will reach the place where Pluh is located.
Meghalaya is a state with a high incidence of earthquakes as reported by scientists from time to time.
Such people will now be able to be tracked down easily and will be checked through the SIM Cards of their owners and severely punished.
The Prime Minister also said that on the inability of the company to pay to the government; The new Company shall pay what it owes and shall have a reduction in interest.
That was enough to shake the skum of the coal.
The lack of toilets in the villages causes 30 types of diseases,” he said.
Phaibiang Syrti said that the village has issued only the Temporary Residential certificate to the foreigner but Ayush's father has misused the certificate. We as the village were surprised and thought how this foreigner got the temporary residential syrnot, so we held a meeting in the village and we told him. The JSU has promised to be with us as a village so we feel strong and we have walked together until we win, we are happy that the JSU has won. “The JSU has the spirit to cooperate with the village and is ready to take care of the problems of the village,” said Bah Phaibiang Syrti. that it may progress in all good works for the country and the nation.
The Cabinet also expects that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and Union Home Minister, Amit Shah will respond to these two demands. she’s been waiting for years now.
Speaking at the meeting, D.Sohtun, Chief Judicial Magistrate-cum-Secretary, DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District, said that to curb this recruitment in various fields, The first thing for children is knowledge.
“She bought a land a few years before giving birth to her son but later Bless Syrti came to skud land and because she opposed the skud land, Bless lodged a complaint with the Dorbar and the Dorbar “We have summoned Kong Yoris to appear before the 25th October and they have decided to expel her on charges of practicing witchcraft,” said the President of the CSWO. Yoris includes Bolai Das from Bangladesh, her late husband.
“If anything happens, the State Government should take responsibility for all these things,” said the Seng.
“In the two committees that the government has already set up to submit their reports on the border between the two states, the committees have been set up only for the government and are included here. only ministers, MLAs and officers of the state government,” he said.
He said that the import of sports equipment has been from the border areas and this should be done strictly by the central and state governments.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, GVK EMRI said that they received a phone call from Jaiaw Laitdom at 3:41 pm and an ambulance 108 was dispatched at 3:43 pm. arrive at the scene at 4 o'clock.
Shillong: U Bah MK Dkhar, IPS, DIG (E/R) today visited Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District, to inspect the situation of the district, after a public hearing held yesterday. in this city.
It was also informed that the ban will be lifted until the disease has subsided.
And if the District Council doesn't want to immediately dismiss such ministers, priests and chiefs, it means that even the District Council has been riding a horse with stupidity and I admit that such people are not yet qualified. ei ei ruh em to identify themselves as those MDCs who stand for the preservation of the sanctity of the Jaitbynriew.
“They say they want a clean government but they start with something that is not clean,” he said.
The officers/lawyers themselves do not have time or do not go to court every 14 days (judicial custodies) or when called, they give reasons such and such, and this makes the judges very angry. sep-ei you can por.
The President of the Union, Bah B.Thangkhiew, said, “We hope that this meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah will be successful soon after the implementation of the PMGSY scheme. MePDCL, Shillong, on Tuesday said that due to the relocation of the LT Line from Jingkieng Nongthymmai, MePDCL has urged all the owners of cable TV, broadband and other operators to withdraw. The cables from the post poles in this area will be installed before the 28th of this month, so that there will be no interruption during the construction of this line.
The competition will start from 9:00 pm to 2:30 pm.
In the fourth leg, Sambha Ryngkhlem scored the goals for 7 Wasa in the 9th minute, Rangkynsai Mukhim in the 10th minute and Ram. Lakhi in the 53rd minute.
Since the arrival of the Missionaries, the count of 8 days a day has disappeared and has remained only 7 days a day until today.
However, due to the lack of government policy, they have lost hope as happened with the opening of Bhoirymbong, he said.
This Beast was born in 1939 – 1945 AD. Then he will be the second Beast.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 174 new cases and 1896 active cases in the state.
U. Commissioner and Secretary, Social Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya, Pravin Bakshi was also the chief guest.
The further improvement of the soil also leads to increased strengthening factors and a safer environment due to less pollution.
Shillong: The National Electronic Toll Collection (FASTag) will be implemented in India from 1st July 2021, the Project Director of the National Highways Authority of India (NHIA) today announced.
It was also directed to inspect and secure items that can be covered by the wind such as wooden logs, tins of oil, tins of nuts, sign boards and other items. which cannot be covered during the storm.
In South West Garo Hills, five villages include Betasing, Garobadha, Ampati Market, Teporpara and Mahandraganj.
“The Congress will not discriminate against anyone in the appointment of jobs.
The meeting was held after the PWD office had completed the test of the stone and it had passed.
He said he was confident that the Congress would win more seats in the Lok Sabha and District Councils soon.
However, as the days went by, the people of Rambrai area flocked to join the Congress, while the NPP declined slowly.
Shillong, November 28 : The Dorbar Shnong of Nongshken, Shillong, has held a meeting to discuss the issue.
Referring to the teachers, Bah Titos said that teachers are the shapers of the future of our children. They are at home but most of their time is spent at school with the teachers,” said Bah Titos who also urged the teachers to be dedicated in their service for the sake of the future. kids.
“Once we introduce the mission, believe me, within five years we will be able to eradicate the drug trafficking in Meghalaya,” said Bah Tynsong.
Puljonstar Wanniang was elected as Vice President, Plosbor Kharjahrin was elected as General Secretary, Shiningstar Lyngdoh was elected as Assistant General Secretary, Teiborlang Kharwanniang was elected as Organizing Secretary. Bag Amos Kharjahrin was elected as Publicity Secretary, Brightstarland Khardewsaw was elected as Environment Secretary, Shanborlang Kharbani was elected as Sports Secretary and Marbilos Kharjahrin was elected as Office Secretary of Mawkyrwat Circle. .
We all know the situation of the Congress not only in Meghalaya but in India as a whole that this party has declined steadily with the passing of the days and the day will come when it will disappear completely.
Nongpoh, Nailur 15: The KSU North Khasi Hills District (NKHD) today expressed its strong opposition to the government's plan to register the names in the Aadhar number list. The KSU has visited the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, with the intention of forcibly stopping the registration of the residents.
In these days, it has been learned that even the piglets have been stolen and robbed and not only that, the thieves have stolen all kinds of equipment from water motors, solar panels and Many of the residents have expressed that theft has increased in the Nongpoh area.
“I’m still proud of the tweet I wrote.
Therefore, it would be better if they start and complete the work as soon as possible so that the people can be happy.
There has also been a special permission for those who have been injected to go to cinemas, parties, churches and even businesses, for those who have already more than 20 percent of the population. .
“We know and we have already seen through the media that the government does not want to allow the HNLC to rise again, but if we the citizens of India express our opposition accordingly In democracy, the government does not listen or allow as we have witnessed.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya also urged Conrad to contest only from South Tura constituency in the upcoming elections and against Bernard.
“This has caused my loyal supporters who have been with me for the past 29 years to become discouraged and confused regarding the party.
The opening ceremony of the football training camp was held through the office of the District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills District at the football ground of the PHE office. This is the Rangdajied Centre.
Mr. S.Bareh, Incharge, Principal of Sohkha Govt.
We also want to instill in people's minds that if you are brave enough to throw garbage why aren't you brave enough to clean".
And it is not a protest on the basis of religion or the exclusion of other religions from this law.
Brolding will be the only Minister in West Khasi Hills.
The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has demanded that the MSCW should be responsible for the death of Victoria D Kharkongor in the toilet of the Assam police station. on this.
He said that the Congress party does not want to make false promises to the people and also to deceive or mislead the people just to get power and as the party will stand firm on the foundation. In this age, the people know better that all these things are at their fingertips through mobile phones. If we do good, the people will trust us and if we do evil, they will trust us. the people shall judge.
This village is located on the border with Assam.
Until now, there was no agreement between the housekeepers and the owners but only verbal agreements.
Jowai, Naitung 14: Up to 149 Bangladeshis have arrived in Shillong today to take part in the Nadi (Rivers) Festival which will start from Thursday morning.
In August 2022, RSS thinkers and scholars drafted a 32 page Constitution to make India a “Hindu Rashtra” which they had already passed in This February 2023 at the Dharma Sansad in Prayagraj, (formerly Allahabad) Uttar Pradesh.
AMEN.You pastor don't have a pension if you are an ex Rev.
E-cigarettes are not licensed for sale in India and do not burn tobacco, but have other burners to burn and convert nicotine into water.
The group on 27th June visited Nongkrem constituency and met with Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit to discuss the election day.
There were traditional dances, Pastieh dance from Seiñraij Nangbah, Kylein Wait dance from Seiñ Raij Mukhla, traditional dance by the children of thousands of Seiñ Muthlong from different villages, dance by the youth of Seiñraij. Shangpung Chief of Moolibang and from the women of Phramer.
The Chief Justice said that the government through its lawyer should prepare the case in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution in other hearings that the Court will set after the court. Muktiar's government has been appointed.
He said that his hand, which was swollen from the waist to the thigh, has started to swell.
The High Court today upheld the power of the CEM to appoint EMs and Dy.CEMs and neither the state government nor the office of the Governor can challenge this.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Bawan Khyriem, President of Nongthymmai Sports and Cultural Club who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkhyriem. KSU Nongthymmai Sports Club and members of the units of Nongthymmai Circle.
Ben said that before leaving the house, there was an incident in which his youngest son, had bled from the shyllangmat and he was reluctant to leave but he didn't leave.
The chief guest to witness the match was the District Sports Officer (DSO) Ma Khroobok Passah in the presence of WJDSA office bearers Ma EMH Passah and General Secretary Ma Lammat. O Laloo and his children (L) Adelbert Laloo.
Kambesa (2/6) and Silkamchi Marak (2/13) took wickets.
When asked whether the government will call for talks to end these protests, Pariat said that as the Chief Minister has said, it will be so because if you remember the Sengbhalang on that day. They also said that if the ILP is not implemented, they will not come to the talks. protests.
Speaking to media, Rakkam A. Sangma said that there will be a survey of all the schools to get an assessment of the condition of the school buildings.
“Education is a tool to bring about change in the world and in this age everyone works with knowledge and encouraged the students to succeed in their studies, so that they can become successful. bring about change in the society and the state as a whole for the benefit of the people,” he said.
This letter is to inform you that you will understand to do the necessary things.
In the first semi-final, Mulang Ialong beat Mukhla Raij Sports Club 2-0
Speaking to media, the President of NEHUSU, Samla Mesan Dkhar, said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State should take action to introduce other lines of study which many of the students of the State are interested in. Training in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and other fields of study will benefit the youth.
The same was in the beginning with God.
T.1.64 crore including Mont Blanc shoes worth T.50 lakh, four SUVs and several documents and property worth T.300 crore were seized by the Income Tax Department. , a retired IAS officer who held a high position during Mayawati's tenure as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh.
This initiative of the Chief Superintendent of Police has also received praise from the Dorbar Shnongs who are ready to cooperate with the Police on many occasions and from time to time.
In 2002, Dr.FA Khonglam (Bam kwai ha dwar u blei) was appointed as the Chief Minister of the state. In 2003, Sayeedullah Nongrum was appointed as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. However, the foundation stones have been covered with pailen and no PHC has been seen yet.
It is learned that the members of the union arrived at 5 pm but the employees of the office are still doing their work for the benefit of the people. work overtime of employees in the morning.
“In the fight there will always be one winner and one loser, and those who lose should take it as a journey as players that they have to face but you should decide that you will win again. one day," he said.
Members of the union under the leadership of its President Samla Pynsuklang Nongkhlaw have filled the road with earth which has caused problems to the residents of many of the villagers who pass through this road. Many commercial vehicles or private vehicles passing to Upper Shillong and other vehicles coming from Sohra and other districts of the State have been affected.
We should clarify here that the Reservation Policy comes first and then the Roster System and not the Roster System.
The rally will be the largest in the past few years, according to a statement from the All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordinating Committee (AIKSCC).
“I say at this time that we will get more than 30 MLAs because I see the support of the people across the places where we go and this is confident that we will reach our goal,” he said.
The chief guest who witnessed the final was Tiewful Shadap in the presence of Wilbert Nongtdu, Waheh Shnong Dienchynrum as the chief guest, leaders and members of EJDCA. Pnar do not need a reservation policy like Khasi students?
From this it can be said that there are also women whose lifestyle is the main cause of their problems, especially when the sky is dark.
Dr. Mukul Sangma has sent a letter to Sonia Gandhi in which he has informed her that Congress leaders have gone to meet her. In the letter, he also named MPCC President DD Lapang and Vincent Pala, MP Lok Sabha. He said that there is a difference of opinion between the Khasi and Garo people.
According to the source, they have now recovered.
“I think you remember Mukul at that time when he was the Prime Minister from 2010 to
They are very respectful and grateful.
Taking this decision, the committee also said that according to the request of the NGT, there should be no coal depots at the places where trucks leave the State; However, at present, there are only three check posts in operation and these include the one at 7mer (Pasyih), on the NH-44 in West Jaintia Hills District; Sarangma on the NH-62 in North Garo Hills District and Umling on the NH-40 in Ri Bhoi District. thew satia, in 10 other places of entry and exit.
He said the government has never been able to implement the suggestions on how to address the shortage of electricity in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Department of Social Work PG (MSW), Shillong, has organized a Rural Camp from 23rd June to 28th June 2022 at Riangmang Village, Mairang. , Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Amit Shah also urged the North East Council to organize various programs for children, launch various schemes and erect monuments to Subhash Chandra Bose in the area. to the east.
The opening of the college is in fulfillment of the promise of Bah HDR Lyngdoh to the people of the constituency three years ago which was known as the HDR Educational Trust.
He said that the emergence of political parties from different regions is very impressive.
On the part of these leaders, they expressed their happiness and satisfaction to be able to hold and conduct this tournament.
This order came after a woman from Mawlai Kynton Massar, died after being hit by a bike at Mawlai Mawdatbaki on Monday, while she was returning from work to go to Mawlai Mawdatbaki. the House.
Angela Rangad, who has also completed her Master's degree abroad, has been involved with NGOs such as the North East Network (NEN) and others.
As usual every year, many schools especially non-government schools are closed during the start of school and often it is clear that this is the time when many low income families struggle. to fill.
All the support has been provided by the district authorities for fish farming where they can earn Rs 1.5 lakh per annum, he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today burnt a statue of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in front of the BJP office in Tura.
“Khun will play well and happy to bring home a gold medal this time.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Junom Suiam, President of the Seiñraij.
“What has happened today and in the past few hours, I can say that the governments of the two states have no knowledge of what is really happening and do not understand the SOPs that have been approved to maintain and peace and harmony in the border areas, he added.
Nongpoh: Leaders of HANM Ri Bhoi District, led by Bah Ajit Makri, President of HANM Ri Bhoi District, today lodged a complaint with the District Transport Officer (DTO) of Nongpoh. informed him about the presence of some people, who have taken advantage of the public when they intend to issue new licenses and also other vehicle documents.
The wreath of Assam Governor PB Acharya was laid by Shillong MP Vincent Pala and the wreath was laid by ADC Dy Comdt.
In her speech, Priyanka Gandhi said many promises such as depositing Rs 15 lakh in bank accounts and providing jobs to Rs 2 crore remain unfulfilled.
On this occasion, there were 64 dancers and 87 dancers from all over the villages who came to participate along with the children who performed their own traditional dance. phuh is clean.
When asked about the future of the students of the university, he said that the future of these students depends on the next three months when the state government has issued a directive to resolve these issues. The Supreme Court of India.
Earlier, the HSPDP in its CEC had demanded that Morningstar Mawsor should be included as EM in the ARPA EC. I don't know what to do with Morning or Pyniaid.
Speaking to reporters before the match, Delhi FC coach Yan Law said his team is well prepared to win the match against Delhi FC. Lajong, which has never been defeated by a team of land owners, has also announced the good performance of Lajong which has won the full opportunity through the support of the residents.
For about 10 years, a Sengbhalang and other volunteers have raided a place where nuti used to work in Ri Bhoi District.
“We have spoken to the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang on this issue.
He said that before the match between the two teams starts, he will put a box with the writings on who will win and who will score. minutes and so on and the locked box will not be opened until the end of the game.
Acknowledging the statement of the General Secretary of Shillong South, that if he leaves the government at such a time, it will turn around because it will make the people think wrong and said what will happen if they have to work together. again with the same parties in
Speaking to reporters, Marak said the party accepts the decision of the people because in politics there is always defeat and victory.
He said the NDA government has thought well for the North East to bring about development.
They have to humble themselves and change their ways.
The party has also appointed a committee headed by MPCC President VH Pala to discuss and take a decision on the three MLAs who have been suspended.
On Tuesday, Ksehsylle Ïalong will play against Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong at 11.00 pm, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu will play against Saindur Mihmyntdu at 1.00 pm, Moodymmai FC will play against Himbai at 0 pm. evening.
Sharma scored 21 runs and Gurung 14 runs to give the team hope of victory.
We hear the word Deputy Chief Minister, who is the second rank of Prime Minister.
The union has gone around the market to inspect the restaurants but found that the restaurants which used to be closed have been closed.
However, Lajong managed to score another goal through Phrangki Buam in the 89th minute but as it was too late, they couldn't do anything and had to return home empty-handed and the match ended 3-0 2.
East Khasi Hills has 203 cases, West Garo Hills 24, West Khasi Hills 18, Ri Bhoi 15, East Garo Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 4 and West Jaintia Hills
Please open MOBILE REPAIRING, so that we too can serve the people.
He also declined to recognize the number of members of the party as of now.
It may be recalled that on 12th June 2016, the Max of Bah Jeskalur collided with the vehicle of the Prime Minister at Khongdong 3mer, Upper Shillong and immediately he was arrested by the police. police, where he allegedly meant to kill the prime minister.
They said that the change of language of the management of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh has confused not only the family members but also the village leaders as this is the first time. The first reported death from COVID-1
I and other members of the CEC have nothing to do with the President of Bah Adelbert, but it should be done in a way, according to the rules of procedure of the party, in the presence of all the members. the testimony of the press, the media and guests.
Bah Process also visited Madan Mawkhar village and met with the village authorities and the school authorities to listen to their problems and needs.
SDO – +918822922422, Sub-Inspectors- 9436110184/8731025753 lane Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
Likewise, he is a devil to mankind.
After several months of silence, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today announced that the government has set up three committees to curb the illegal influx of mynder. to this state.
However, many of the people should know what kind of leaders they have voted for during the elections from their different constituencies.
The 300-strong delegation led by Babulal Sharma was welcomed to the BJP by Bah Michael Kharsyntiew at a meeting held on Tuesday.
The Seng also condemns the Dorbar Shnong Baridua for being able to conduct such illegal activities in the village which has affected the feelings of many churches especially among the residents of this village. village.
The WJHDEF has received greetings on cards from the children living in the orphanage.
The BCCI has selected four MCA players to take part in the Zonal Cricket Academy (ZCA) camp in Guwahati from next month.
Mukul also slammed the Assam government for issuing a directive to tourists not to travel to Meghalaya.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Sanbor Shullai as the chief guest along with Bah Hamletson Dohling at Jhalupara Village Council Playground near Rilbong Police Point. .
It is also an important platform where different ethnic groups or Hima have the opportunity to advocate for special provisions in the Constitution to protect their rights and customs.
Based on the documents and information received from the government officials and elders, we should not lose Block I and Block II. “We will lose Block I and Block II,” said Bah Lamphrang.
At such times, the Khasi (Hynñiewtrep) people raised their sons like Woh Kiang Nangbah and the soldiers of King Tirot Singh to protect and sacrifice their lives for the sake of the clan. the village, the country and the nation.
“We have met with the Investigating Officers of this case and they have shown us the documents showing their places of residence and their signatures. The law does not allow us as citizens to see (the faces of the three arrested persons) here at the police station because they have been tried in court.
The HYC has also come amid the enforcement of Section 144CrPC by the district administration.
They were arrested by the police in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong and VDP Ladrymbai. They were arrested by the police in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong and VDP Ladrymbai.
ed not announced by Nios recently.
The East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) will hold the 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament (40-Above) at the Artificial Turf Ground at Dieng-shynrum, Khliehriat.
The CEM said that besides the low salary, another issue is to ensure that the people get stable houses especially as this area is the path of the earthquake.
Hopingstone Lyngdoh, who came from a poor family in Mawkyllei, West Khasi Hills, lived a very difficult life when he was a child, where he was also one of the cow herders. , at the age of fifteen years.
In the Adhoc Pattern, 22 for Women's College, 34 for Raid Laban College, 12 for Tikrikilla (and now 32 for People's College) and 23 for Durama College.
It is also a village under the Rambrai-Myrïaw Syiemship.
Shillong, June 17: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Monday demanded that the state government should set up an Expert Committee to discuss the need to amend the laws and regulations. in the Reservation Policy so that you can take the best decision to resolve the many issues in the policy.
“I have seen allegations that the NPP is the BJP and the BJP is the NPP because the BJP leaders have decided to support the NPP from Shillong and Tura parliamentary constituency.
On the other hand, the supporters of the MLA want to know on what date the management of the church went to ask for help from the MLA because according to their information, no one was present. They also visited the MLA and informed him about the robbery of the church.
In the I-League 2023/24, Lajong have three points from three games after beating Mohammedan SC 1-1 and Neroca FC. (1-1 goals) and Sreenidi Deccan FC (2-2 goals).
“If it is not that there is no menshohnoh or menaiksuid anymore, why has it appeared even in these days when people are more enlightened,” he said.
If you don't have an ILP, you will be sent back to Dimapur.
ai and the aim is to build up to 50 toilets by the end of this year.
It is suspected that the cause of the death of the Rangbah, may have been due to being hit by heavy vehicles in the morning which no one saw.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Young leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) today met with the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA), Bah HDR Lyngdoh to discuss the issue. The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) elections will be held smoothly without any intimidation or coercion of the voters in the upcoming elections.
He said he did not know anything about the news of the resurgence of the GNLA because he had seen it in the media and he did not believe that it would resurface.
Shillong, July 25: Preparations for the construction of a venue for music, dance and other events have been going on at Mawdiangdiang.
Shillong, Nailur, 26: Three dozen applications for the mining of coal according to the latest scientific technology are awaiting a decision from the Ministry of Coal of the Union Government.
The BSF handed over the woman to the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) as a sign of condolences.
We have seen in the media that the Government of India is planning to set up District Councils in some parts of Arunachal Pradesh and also in Manipur for the Nagas living in these states.
Treatment is only by donation, as far as the patients are concerned.
If Jesus died and was not raised, then our death is in vain and your faith is in vain.—1 Corinthians 15:1
Jowai: U Shri Munni Ram Kwala, on Tuesday informed the police that on the 17th of this month at 3:30 pm, a man named Rajesh Karmakar has shot dead. His wife (Munni Ram Kwala) who was identified as Smt Urmila Kwala.
When asked when the two Prime Ministers will visit the border areas of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills, Himanta said that before visiting these areas, they need to meet again. it may be in the first month of April if it can be arranged quickly, or in the second month of April.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah BJ Kharshandi district congratulated the office of the Divisional Soil & Water Conservation Officer Ri-Bhoi District for taking the initiative to conduct a public planting program as a training and dissemination of information to the people. The residents on the need to preserve the environment, as it is the responsibility of every resident to take care and preserve the environment by planting trees.
Shillong, Naitung 25: On the eve of the three year anniversary of the National Education Policy, 2020, the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Shillong on Tuesday explained the implementation of the NEP Officials from NIT Shillong and NEHU Shillong including the Director of RSDDE.
She urged the people to eat the fish produced in the state and to be careful not to eat the fish imported from far away.
They can speak other languages ​​to understand each other, but they do not allow their language to lag behind and they express things in their own language.
Markun Marboh said she has built her house under the PM Awas Plus Yojana in the 2021-22 fiscal year.
However, the Principal of the school did not come to the school, but sent another teacher of the school who was also in charge of the school. At that time, the Seng and the students of NIOS together with their teachers, went to talk to the teacher.
Shillong, March 21: The State Government has handed over land to the Wahingdoh Dorbar Shnong at Wahingdoh on Plot No.121 and
It is unfortunate that the right to write 'culture' or the right to write 'literature'
The troops under Operation Kaveri have brought back about 360 Indians as the first flight has brought them to New Delhi,” said Home Minister S Jaishankar. you can send news via Twitter.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Justine Dkhar, MLA, who was also present at the meeting, said that there has been a suggestion to the coal owners that when they mine coal from now on, they should also look into the needs of the coal mines. the protection of the environment, the water supply.
The festival was held from July 17 to 19, 2011, in Jokkmokk (Sápmi, northern Sweden).
On the other hand, the FKJGP has urged the traffic department to think carefully in the way of setting traffic rules especially in Motphran and Khyndai Lad to curb traffic jam.
When asked whether any of the 400 members have already received their uniforms from the Mylliem Hima office, Jyrwa said, “There are about 7 or 8 members who have already paid and received their uniforms. “There are about 30 or 40 people who have gone to register their names but have not paid the money,” said the President of the Hynniewtrep Nongkitnong Association. B.Jyrwa in an interview with Rupang.
This is the case of Bynther-Mairang village.
The world of Israel followed Jesus only if the Temple in Jerusalem was hidden from their eyes so that they would not see that Jesus was their king who was coming to them.
On the other hand, the union will monitor for the welfare of the electricity department for the needs of the people of the area, said the statement.
Let the two CM completely solve border issue to end fighting and destruction of houses and agricultural products.
In a CCTV video released by the Parish authorities, an unidentified person has been seen passing by several vehicles parked in the Parish parking lot during the Holy Mass. this is the day of God.
Speaking on the occasion, BDO, Bhoirymbong, Bah P.Mukhim, praised the organization for organizing this program to showcase the opportunity for the disabled to bring awareness to the public. to make those with disabilities aware that they have rights in all areas and should not be discriminated against or forgotten.
The SDO said that about 98 houses have been damaged in Lallen, 27 in Chhippui and 37 in Kawnmawi.
We rely on the Expert Committee.
He added that the tuition fees are increasing from year to year but the youth do not get jobs even after completing their studies.
According to the report, from the twitter account of the suspect, he wrote, "I did this to mislead and mislead the people, I did this only to kill him, no one else but him. .
It is during such dances that parents arrange marriage for their young children, and from time to time the male dancers themselves shot waidong the young girls among the dancers to become the wives of they.
Langstieh-Mawley.
Shillong: U President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr WR Kharlukhi on Saturday campaigned in Tyrna and Mustoh villages to urge the people to vote for the son of (L) Dr Donkupar Roy. Balajied Kupar Synrem has won the mid-term elections from Shella Constituency.
It is to be recalled that in the past few months, about two schools in Nongstoiñ have been robbed and robbed. The robbers, who have not yet been identified, have also stolen money and some necessary items.
The story of Sir Thomas Jones does not end only with his work as a skilled preacher who was able to explain and change the minds of many, but the story continues as that great helper of the Khasi people, especially in their struggle against the attacks on the Shilot Khar and the East India Company authorities in Sylhet in connection with the trade in inheritance.
We are concerned as the Commission and it seems that their rights are being violated and how much it affects the parents and relatives when those videos arrive.
Doesn't this school put its own students at risk as well as their relatives and society as a whole? Or, does the school have any responsibility or fear for this danger, lest many of its students be infected with this terrible disease? Is it enough for this school to focus only on the completion of its own courses? What good is that course if people are still dying and passing away? Is it right for us to lose our wisdom by sacrificing our children to this terrible disease or to any supernatural force? Why do you have children? Is this corrupt commodified education system more precious than our children? Or, are there people who enjoy or do not enjoy seeing people die from this disease or from any other cause? If they exist, they are only those people who have something to do with the satanic element.
Here John from the beginning tells us that Jesus is the Lamb of God who came to take away the sins of the world and the people of the world.
The parents themselves may be the ones who tell stories in a detailed manner.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that the new cases are from Chirang, Tinsukia, Goalpara, Cachar, Hailakandi and Tripura.
Ampareen declined to comment on her election campaign and said that the information collected by political parties cannot be disclosed.
This is evident in science through scientists, most of whom must prove what the Bible says.
“This problem has not only affected the drivers of commercial vehicles but also the residents of Nongmensong. Furlong ter ter how can they get more vehicles and the people who leave Laitumkhrah and those who pass through NEEPCO etc leave the east, that is a problem not only for the drivers but also for the people”, he said. said Mr. Euroi.
Ramdev, on Tuesday, rejected his insulting remarks against the British doctors, but at the same time, he asked 25 questions against the British doctors, in which He also asked whether these drugs can cure various diseases.
The Minister also welcomed former PDF President Ivan Marbaniang, former PDF General Secretary Emlang Latang and former PDF Chief Organizer D Ryngtathiang. party NPP.About 17 shops inside the market in Baridua have been destroyed by a sudden fire on the 7th of July at 3:30 pm. and in this incident, it caused a damage of more than T.30 lakh.
Shillong: The District Election Officer, East Khasi Hills District, today informed all those who have been appointed to participate in the elections and those who have requested permission to be released from the post, through the orders of doctors. , to come for the Medical Board examination at the Civil Hospital, on the 23rd July 2023, from 9 pm, along with the documents, issued by the doctors, for the examination at that day.
Marngar said the central government in 2003 had given recognition only to the Bodo language, even after the Assam government had sent a proposal to include the Karbi language at the same time.
We want Ïewduh to be a tourist spot, so it should be clean and not damage the CCTV or PA system,” she said.
From the Lamin clan come the Laloo, Pyrbot, Pohsnem, Hek, Nartiang, Gassah, Katkeh, Amkoi, Gasyngai, Iongkjam, Iongkdoh, Pohlangar, Pohduna, Wanpiat, Diengdoh, Laithma, Pariong, Marong, and Marngar.
Earlier, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare had appointed 180 Contract Workers during the time when the state was affected by the Covid-19 pandemic.
“It is not up to the government to take a decision to increase the salaries of ASHAs as they receive the same salaries as the rest of the country,” she said.
Shillong, March 29: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has vowed to send a complaint to the Chief Justice of India (CJI) regarding corruption in the recruitment of teachers in the state. Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
The family of former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cherish Starfield Thangkhiew, today laid flowers at the grave of Bah Che. anniversary of the death of this man who was shot dead by the police on the morning of 13th July
There were also explanations that the British Areas could not be included in the States. These explanations were wrong and unfounded because in the new section issued after 15 August 1947 (section 290- B of the Government of India Act, 1935) may be done in accordance with the Provinces and States (Absorption of Enclaves Order, 1950) issued by the Governor General of India.
NPP candidate from Jirang Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that as an MLA elected by the people, he has served in the past years and brought many development works from the most important roads in Jirang, places Jirang Constituency still needs a lot of development works especially roads and I hope that I will be able to serve as an MLA in these areas. 5 years to come to fulfill your dreams.
“First they taught me how to play ksing and after I learned to play, one one of them has struck me from behind, which means that he has praised the skill of playing the harp as soon as he teaches.
This is appropriate because no country has ever developed an economy with a full standard of living without the need to invest heavily in science and science-based R&D. from the laboratory to the person.
He said that Meghalaya is a peaceful state and in every election, there are no such incidents.
You don't have to have one employee.
Dr.Estherly Laloo of Jaintia Hills, Sd.
Akshay also posted pictures of himself with John Abraham, saying @TheJohnAbraham #BrotherFromAnotherMother, "John Abraham is my brother from another mother.
If we assume that the Khasi are the fathers, like the lyngkar of the Khasi women, it is Ri Dkhar.
Shillong: The CoMSO, after meeting with the employees of GVK EMRI (108 ambulance) who are currently on strike; It was pleased to support the demands of the workers, as it was seen that their demands were well founded.
She also hoped that such a tournament will be a blessing for the students to showcase their talents in various sports.
All the prophets, apostles, and Bible writers agreed that Jesus would come in great glory, surrounded by angels from heaven! The Lord Jesus said, "Behold, I come quickly" (Revelation 22:20).
He did not inform the sordars and did not hold a public hearing to give permission to carry out the work.
In a speech a few days ago, Nehru said that on the 15th of November, everything will be clear.
As an encouragement to the scientists who came to participate in this competition, awards were distributed to the professors and students. The Best Young Scientist Award was won by Fenny Leferty Kharpuri. The senior scientist award was won by Rekha Vyas along with other prizes.
It is to be recalled that the people of Sohiong constituency and the people of the state loved Bah Amazing when they listened to him on youtube because of his ability to interpret the speeches of the NPP leaders during the elections.
The question is, how can we get an independent investigation while the Government has not appointed the Minister in charge of the Electricity Department?
“Regarding the arrival of these 9 people from Bihar, as the village leader I have called the government officials, I have also called the number 108, for help and also that the village needs them. They should have stayed in the Quarantine Centers of the government, but they received a reply that the accommodation facilities set up by the government are too crowded, but it was not until this evening that they were taken away after 5 days. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
However, it was after the arrival of the British Government that this religion disappeared, after the people of the British Government sent to verify whether this religion is true or not by making silver and They told the priests to find out whether the mar (nar) was cut or not, but when they found the mar (nar) it was cut completely and blood came out. “This lehñiam has been suspended until now,” said the Dolloi.
Mizoram, which continued their innings in the morning, were bowled out for 359 runs for the loss of all wickets in 11.1 overs.
“The DC of West Jaintia Hills District has enforced Section 186 CrPC to prohibit land owners from entering land outside 150 yards in the name of propaganda. “The reason why the DC has set up this section is because he is afraid of the government officials who come to survey and survey the places where the signboards should be erected,” said the CCIB leaders. “Our struggle for the rights of the people who own the land within the Scheduled Areas within the JHADC,” said the CCIB leaders who accused the DC of using force without taking into account the rights of landlords.
“They have been wrong since ancient times, they should have codified them.
The Western mother, who has stayed in India for some time to observe the behavior of the people during the elections, said that there are many differences between Meghalaya and Germany. In this state, the people look at the person or candidate who is running for election, while in Germany, they look at the party.
Most of us turn to the church.
NASA has announced that it will begin taking people to its space station next year.
However, at the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has not informed the KHADC.
Many of the land under the Mylliem, Rambrai and Nongspung Hima will go to Assam under the give and take policy of the Meghalaya government.
He said that since he was a child he used to go to work during the holidays and when he started school he received school fees and book fees.
They demanded that the case should be investigated and if the state government finds it difficult to investigate, it should be handed over to the CBI or NIA for investigation.
Earnest Mawrie also admitted that before 2023 there will be Congress MLAs who will join the BJP, but he declined to name them.
He requested the MUDA officers to bring lighting inside the parking lot at the top of the market so that there will be fewer criminals to ensure the safety of those who come to the market.
Most of the supporters who came to the venue today are from Laitlyngkot, Nongkynrih, Khatarshnong, Mawjrong and Laitryngew.
The suspect was identified as Raju Nathuh of Pandu, Guwahati who used a wheel wrench inside the truck before stealing the vehicle.
In the first innings, All Saints scored 174 runs for the loss of six wickets in 15 overs.
The Act has also clarified the areas covered by the Table in paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule and has been amended from A and B to Parts I, II, IIA. and III. It is clear that the Sixth Schedule applies only within those tribal areas mentioned in Table II of paragraph
The people were poor and needy while the rulers lived in poverty and became increasingly burdened with taxes, especially the tax paid to the temple.
He said that the government will do whatever it can but it should remove the thngiat from the area as many tragic incidents have happened in the area.
Reminding that in any struggle there will always be winners and losers, he encouraged them to move forward and at the same time urged them to avoid bad habits which will affect their health and well-being. their lives and wishes them to improve about in all aspects.
“Don't be afraid of us, if you don't know how to read the laws and the notifications or orders that come out from time to time,” said the officers.
“We will resign soon, we will have a meeting one day,” he said.
"How are the hands and feet of the budlum?"
Shillong, Nailur 23: An earthquake has struck Lama Villa, Lumdiengjri Police Station, at 2:00 pm this morning. the name of the owner but the owner is a resident of Wahingdoh, Shillong; There is no Nepali language in the country.
Schools play an important role in electing leaders to the district in which they are located.
Confirming the demand that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should conduct the issuance of Labor License for foreigners who drive commercial vehicles, Bah Jyrwa said, “As the District Council collects professional tax, Tax from the Khasi and how to collect tax from foreigners on Trading License and Labor License.
Even during the transportation, it was agreed that the JMB will cover the trucks so that it will not affect the area where the trucks pass.
He said that the biggest problem faced by the people is the illness, the transportation of the goods and now they have to face again the old days of having to transport by people whether it is those who sickness and rep.
The NEPMU has announced to suspend the supply of petrol to Meghalaya from the 29th of this month on the grounds that the Meghalaya Police have used force on the roads of Ri-bhoi District.
Of these, 85 cities are covered by the National Clean Air Program (NCAP).
He said that in Garo Hills, the party has a strong hope of winning many seats but those who have been confirmed are from four constituencies.
There are 11 students who have completed their Bachelor's degree and 2 students who have completed their Master's degree.
Where is that happiness? This means that to produce self-sufficient food, we need food producers or farmers – farmers who are smart, knowledgeable and skilled. those who have the skills according to the passage of time, those who have the right organization, those who have the land to cultivate, those who know the ways and means according to the times to strengthen agriculture and those who know the ways how to market your products.
Regarding this problem, the residents of these villages have urged and requested the government to turn their attention to this road which has been destroyed without any inspectors. They also said that as the people of this area they have the right to have a good road like other residents of the state, concluded the statement.
According to police sources, the man had been bombed and shot until his head and eyes were cut off and the robbers took his body to sdien phasi at the scene.
Ardent has recently sent his supporters from Mawryngkneng and Nongkrem to support the Congress candidates in the MDC election. He was recently defeated in the MLA election from Nongkrem.
He said that in fact, the company has asked permission from the village to improve and repair the office while it has not received the permits from the KHADC. “What have they done in the last five months when they applied for NoC and TL in March?” he asked.
The Deputy Commissioner should revoke this order in order to bring peace, income and so on,” he said.
Superintendent of Police, EJHD, Khliehriat, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, on Monday said that on the 17th of this month at 6:30 pm, they received a tip that there was a truck carrying petrol. The driver of the truck, Shakeep Sheik, from Maharashtra, was found dead inside the truck. truck seat and seriously injured.
Therefore, they honor Bei Rymaw before throwing the seeds into the field with a joyful dance, thanksgiving, for the good of their planting and burial.
Sangbad Lahari was first opened in Guwahati in 2009 and later in Meghalaya in November
Deolangki Dkhar scored the first goal for EJHTOTA.
On the other hand, one of the former members, who did not want to be named, said that this is just the intention of some people or children who want to live happily ever after. group, because the police force itself is very strong and vigilant when it comes to these areas.
The Minister suggested Sangma to personally visit Himachal Pradesh to see the example of water distribution and irrigation in the state, which is located at the foot of the Himalayas.
We have 18 COVID-19 Testing Machines – 4 RTPCR, 3 CBNAAT and 11 TrueNat.
Those who go to school should read and study the books properly so that they can succeed and not just pass.
This huge difference in the electricity tariff between the price set by MESERC and CERC has caused a huge loss to MePGCL, the local company and the state as a whole.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Robinton Kharumlong, President of the Mawtawar Taxi Drivers and Owners Association, said that during the meeting with the Municipal officials, the Dorbar Shnongs of Mawkhar, Umsohsun and Mission Compound have promised to provide parking space. vehicles along the road until the parking garage that is currently being demolished is completed.
The Congress leader also criticized Himanta Biswa Sarma and Conrad K. Sangma for negotiating the social border settlement without listening to the voices of the people.
The same is true of the foolish woman whose knowledge has turned away from her: she seeks her husband and destroys even her strongly built family because she is no longer able to understand that her happiness. sin is but temporary: that the lusts of the flesh blind the eyes of its understanding.
“In fact, the District authorities of Ri Bhoi should have conducted a public awareness campaign on the Aadhar number before implementing it, because many of the people are still in darkness, due to the lack of Aadhar number. At the same time, the reason why the union is strongly opposed to the registration of Aadhar number is because through the registration of Aadhar number, it will be an opportunity for foreigners to take advantage of it. “It's not like we're going to be able to invade the district or the state,” said Lambok Rymbai.
We are still looking forward to being able to continue to lead the Shalyntem of the Jaidbynriew together with this Samla Rangbah.
After leaving the Police Station, it was said that the robbers had already robbed the youth on the road and shot and beat him with the intention of killing him and threw him into the street. He survived the incident and was taken to Staish Hospital.
Umsyaid is also helpful among those people who suffer from illnesses such as asthma and stomach problems.
When asked about the demands of the VPP, he said, “I don't have anything to say about the demands of other parties, I only know about my own party and that is why we should talk in the right way”. .
Last month, they were able to capture 200 wild shrieh, said Suwar Suksiri, from Thung Tale Wildlife Conservation. household to steal food in Songkhla.
“Due to a thorough discussion with the Chief of Assam Rifles, there has been an understanding and this time the army has agreed to remove the tyllai erected at this commercial taxi rank,” said Bah. Riwinroy.
The court's decision came after the police said that the suspects were able to demand money by sending SMS from mobile phones due to the ability to buy SIM cards illegally.
Shillong, June 01: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has said that it will not be able to increase the deficit status of Adhoc Schools in Meghalaya.
The talks between the JHTOA and the JHCMA have started smoothly and the Union of Dewbilat Factories has submitted to the truck owners for the implementation of the new price.
There are Christians in Khasiland who were angry with me when I wrote, “Dear Christians, choose for yourselves one of the following: (1) to obey the curfew, (2) to sit prison or (3) to die completely.
This was announced by the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (MAWU) after meeting with the Minister to discuss three issues including the demand for full enrollment of ASHAs in the MHIS scheme and Speaking to media, the Adviser of MAWU, Kong Sonny Kharjana, said that in the meeting with the Minister, they They explained the need to include in the Minimum Wages the daily wage which they should receive because it is too low.
He expressed his satisfaction that these houses which the state government has sent to the Government of India have been approved this year by the MDA-2 government.
“I am contesting this election not only for the people of Mawlai but also for those living on the border, I am contesting for my fellow countrymen who have been neglected by the government, I am contesting for the unity of the entire nation,” he said. said.
However, she too left him and returned to India, after having a daughter.
You have received many benefits from the Krishi Vigyan Kendra.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF), Shillong has expressed its solidarity and solidarity with those Christian brothers and sisters in the state. Chhattisgarh, in the face of their suffering and persecution, which has been committed by the exploiters against them.
In this generation there were many who were the Laodicean Church, God said to them – “I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot. ah I would that thou were cold or hot: so then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth" Revelation 3:15-1
DD Syngai, ADC (Election) said that the preparation of the Electoral Special Summary will start from today 9th November and will continue until 8th November
The Lashkar-e-Islam, a Taliban-allied militant group, acknowledged the incident and said it was responsible for the deployment of troops to crack down on ethnic minorities in ethnic areas. troops withdraw Lashkar militants from Khyber area.
The Ministry of Forest and Environment issued this announcement on July 14, 2019 and decided to convert synsar into an agricultural commodity under the Registration and Harvesting of Agro-Forestry Plantations Act, ot taxes.
It was observed that this newly cleaned road has started to collapse for some time, but not only that, this road can also be cleaned by hand.
Nityanand Rai said the Assam Rifles has worked hard to ensure equality between men and women and also the empowerment of women which has resulted in the recruitment of 1,187 women in the unit.
The expenditure will be T.25,574 crore, the revenue will be T.23,545 crore except the borrowing of T.3527 crore and the deficit will be T.2029 crore.
In South West Khasi Hills District, police on Sunday seized 105 liters of pyrsi from Gomaghat village.
The VPP, the UDP, the HSPDP and the National Party are Khasi. Ardent, Prestone, Metbah and Paul are Khasi.
Shillong: Two UDP leaders, Titos W Chyne, MDC from Sohra and Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem, MLA from Shella, have visited the KHADC. He met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to remind him of the demand to upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to District status.
In this regard, the KHADC has written to the State Government asking for clarification on the rules and regulations as the State Government has not explained them.
In previous years, the persecution of the Khasi Pnars was directed by the Karbi rebels.
He said that at this meeting they will discuss whether it is necessary to convene a special session to resolve the shortcomings of the Bill as directed by the government.
The four candidates who have completed their nomination papers include Riya Sangma, BJP candidate from Jirang Constituency, Bah Lee Bareh, Independent candidate from Jirang Constituency, Serimina Marak, Republican candidate from Jirang Constituency. of Jirang and Bah Bismo Ingti as an independent candidate from Nongpoh Constituency.
KHNAM said it went to meet with Bah Sumer but he was not inside his office.
It is necessary to hold the thylliej because now the kawang ktieh from the rynsan but only on the 2nd has been gathered and worked together.
All three occupants of the vehicle were rushed to the Civil Hospital Mairang and Rison was pronounced dead before being taken to hospital.
The MLA said that the government's action in dismissing the police chiefs and the government's failure to temporarily dismiss the police chiefs has shown a serious discrimination even though the police chiefs are who had a hand in taking the precious life of Mr. Che.
The Word of God urges that he who believes and is baptized.
Some wrote in royal palaces like David, some in prison, some in the forest, some in a cave, some by a river, and the Bible was written over a period of more than 1,600 years.
The friends who had gone with her, when they saw that she had drowned, they tried to help her, but they could not see her anymore, because she had drowned in the river. june.
Here on earth, there is no other truth in which man can find peace except by believing in the Word of God.
The candidates will be announced only after the Election Commission announces the date of the election.
Police have also arrested a man from Rajabala identified as Abdul Malek, said the Assam Police Chief. These items were imported from Meghalaya.
