Shillong, November 10: The Cabinet meeting today has decided to increase the tobacco tax from 13.3 percent to 20 percent.
Speaking on the great achievements of many, the recent achievements show that it has improved under the leadership of the Managing Director, Dr.RS Thangkhiew, who expressed his pride in these achievements by saying , “This achievement is a challenge to the nurses to work harder, the skills they have lead to the betterment of the patients.
In the second match of Zone 1, Thynroit SC beat Lailum SC 1-0 with a goal from Arphrangstone Warlarpih in the 36th minute.
He said the meeting also discussed how to strengthen the party in all places especially in the constituencies where there are no leaders.
The wages of corruption is sin and this brings death to the nation.
“The MFA Amateur League is another initiative of the MFA to promote football in the state.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC, said that if it were not for the leadership of (L) Hopingstone Lyngdoh, there would have been no protest and demand for a full state. I had to speak Assamese.
The next day, July 25, Delhi police received information about the death of Samuel Sangma in New Delhi.
Whoever knows himself is a sitter at the government table and someone else's slave.
The district authorities also visited the temporary area allocated for the Motphran clothes vendors at the top of the Jaiaw parking lot. that these merchants should sit and sell clothes.
Eternity: where shall we go?  Eternity is a place where there is no meaning for every man or woman.
There are also political parties which do not have candidates, but have not yet announced their names.
When the sun has risen, she gets up quickly to work as she used to do.
Shillong: The Shillong Endurance Motorsports Club and the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (AIDS Control Society) will hold a two-wheeler race at Umtyngar from the 22nd to the 24th of this month.
If you have any questions please contact 94361-1
"I said it should have been looked into on Wednesday," the chief justice said.
Furthermore, the union has warned the teacher that if such incidents happen again against the Khasi students, the union will take action against them. jam is strong for this teacher.
In a statement signed by many of the village officials of these villages, they said that the work related to the MUDA boundary crossing is still pending due to the protest of the Union of Village Authorities of Bri U Hynniew Trep. which the government has not yet clarified.
Shillong: A bomb explosion has occurred in East Garo Hills.
Ferlin said that in her constituency, although she is in the ruling NPP, she has not been able to get a single community college.
In a letter sent to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, he wrote a request on the above subject, in which he requested the Minister to take action regarding the establishment of channels in YouTube channels such as titles, which have not yet been registered, which cannot be recognized, especially those YouTube channels that broadcast news.
Sonali Mishra, IPS, ADG, BSF (Eastern Command) Kolkata in the presence of Sh Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG BSF, Meghalaya Frontier, Prof. Prabha Shankar Sukla, Vice Chancellor, Kolkata. NEHU, ST Chavan, senior officers and all higher ranking BSF personnel.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said that the No Objection Certificate (NOC) has been issued by the Hima Nongspung.
The application form is to be submitted to the office of the DERT and DIETs on or before.
Surprisingly, the Khasi doctors, who hold these various DHS positions, are only for 2, 3 or four months and the longest holding position is the temporary doctor of the DHS. Research, Dr Mrs B Mawthoh, who held the post from 12th March 2012 to 13th June 2013, for four months and the same doctor, who took over the same post, from 15th June 2013 to 10th November .
BSF Chief SR Khan Second in Command Ftr HQ BSF, 30 Bn BSF Umpling, Deputy General Manager National Building Construction Corporation Ltd, RBG, Indo Bangladesh Border Office were also invited.
The purpose of selecting the children is to take part in the tournament to be held by the All Jaintia Cricket Association in February
“Bah Sanbor is in the government and he has to listen to the orders of the government but because the law has not been implemented, he has resigned from the post of MDC. I don't want to fight again this time".
When asked about the refusal of the Maweit Sengbhalang to take part in the elections, the DGP said that perhaps it may be their feeling that the refusal will be a pressure on the government rather than them. He said that perhaps the government does not have the money to work on their demands. He said that it is time for them to exercise their rights through voting.
The road from Mawkarah to Jakhong is the busiest road for the five villages in the area.
Leaders of the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District led by the Chief Organizing Secretary, Bah Lui Lyngdoh, in the presence of several leading leaders of the FKJGP NHKD, shortcomings in the area especially in relation to the cleanliness of the Institute.
“However, on our part, we are more reluctant to criticize but there is more criticism from the UDP. They also say that Bah Samlin is qualified to work but the party is not.
Travelers shall not be allowed to leave outside the above mentioned areas and shall not be allowed to travel from one District to another without proper passes.
I think many of them are based on what that woman said and they will sing the chorus, "It is better to be a man than to be a religion"
“Referring to the phrase, 'lack of knowledge is harmful', he said, “when you talk about an issue, you should know, you should have the facts with you.
Regarding the allegation that there has been a distribution of ration to 5 households, the Secretary Shnong said that there has been no such thing and the Dorbar Shnong has It was reported that on the day of the expulsion of these women, there was no discussion about the ration.
Commenting on this, the opposition leader said that how did they get this award, even the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government, led by the National People's Party, are very clever to cheat Thankfully, they have started to deceive the BJP-led government of India, every time before the elections, the MDA government deceives the people just to get political benefits.
In the past, the Dorbar Shnong was the only place of work or meeting of the leaders who were empowered and entrusted by the people to look after the welfare of the village and the community.
The BSF personnel were taken to the Dispensary at Dobasipara for treatment.
Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, Northern Region, said that the DC of Ri Bhoi District knows only the licensing, but he does not know the number of shops that have been allowed to sell. Kyiad has been banned in many places in the district.
Shillong, November 20: The Hynniewskum Hynniewtrep Accountants Association (HHNH) will hold a special Ud ka Nam, Nguh ka Dem on the 23rd November 2016 at Baniun at 10 am on the slogan, “Stand the Right of the Word, four of the fathers'
Santoh Chettri (35-37kg), Banrapkupar Syiem Malngiang (37-40kg), Karan Thapa (40-43kg), Sanjan Kumar Ram (43-46kg), Ricky Rynjah (46-49kg), Bashanlang Sylliang (55- 58kg) and Sunny Thakuri (67-70kg).
The reporter said that many more leaders will join the NPP in the coming days, which will strengthen the NPP party in Ri-Bhoi District ahead of the upcoming MP elections. Although other candidates from other parties are also fighting hard to get the support of the people.
The handshake during the election will end Only after the election we will work together to develop the nation.
At the meeting, the group also handed over the resolution signed by the Manipur MLAs and Prestone Tynsong National. The group urged the Minister to take immediate steps to restore peace and stability in Manipur.
“Now I have surrendered myself to you.
Peter, before Pentecost, denied his Lord three times out of fear (Mark 14:66-72).
Avoid bad girlfriends, too much trust in girlfriends, especially in bad girlfriends, is twice as destructive as trusting a man.
He said that the State can export shynrai not only domestically but also abroad like to the UK and the Netherlands and he hopes that through the establishment of the unit this will be a blessing to the farmers.
There are other writings that explain that the tall and massive buildings in ancient Mesopotamia were bridges that connected heaven and earth and people believed that once upon a time heaven and earth were long one but this relationship has been broken.
Khliehriat, June 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hills District has expressed its deep concern over the backwardness of the villages in the Saipung area. Is there any responsibility of the district authorities or the lack of action by the leaders or the lack of action by the government? for this place is in trouble in all directions.
In fact, there is no point in setting up those political parties if they cannot be strengthened or won elections.
Therefore, he said that as a young man who has been working in the community since he saw the VPP party, he wanted to join it and said that it is the only party that has hope. the state and the future of our children within the constituencies or even within Meghalaya.
It's exactly like little kids who don't understand what “please" means.
Earlier, the CEO expressed hope that the ECI could change the polling date after the NGO Coordination Committee, which is a synrop group of civil society and student organizations, met with him.
Speaking to reporters, the Sordar of Raid Wahkhen, Bah Skhembor Khongjirem and one of the Executive Members of the Raid, Bah Komer Khongrymmai, said that before the shad, the suit and shor have been completed. However, before the suit ka shor, there was also a khan ka khein in which all the residents of the village gathered in order to set a date for the suit ka shor.
At the same time, Bah Kharnaior admitted that the reason is also due to the stinginess of the contractor who is working on the bridge.
There were also incidents of petrol bomb blasts and vehicle bombings in different parts of Shillong last night.
If you had been with me, you would have helped me to dig the ground so that I could plant wheat.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The MDC elections 2014 will be held before 12th June 2014, said Preston Tynsong, Minister of State, while speaking at a meeting of the staff of the Pynursla Block Congress Committee. A).
“Near the Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology, the earthquake has started and in our college too but it has not been as bad as elsewhere,” she said.
So he called people and looked up and down to see if there were any people who had been left behind, but when he called home he was sent to bring them home.
Democracy, By the people, by the people, of the people.
These soldiers on motorcycles have visited parts of Meghalaya, Assam, Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh where they have met with youth, retired soldiers and others.
The son of Purno A Sangma said that the defeat is a shame to the government especially to the Chief Minister and alleged that all the incidents were committed by the government. politics without judgment.
The sports events that Meghalaya has been able to participate in include Athletics, Aquatics, Boxing, Football, WUSHU, Shooting, Sqay and Golf.
After winning the title, Goenka announced that the name ATK will disappear after three years and will be known as MBSG, but the name could not be finalized until after the meeting. the Board.
Shillong, Nailur: The Dorbar of Laitumkhrah Village Council on Tuesday held an election for the new Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah.
For those who can afford to support, parents complain about the behavior of the school authorities who set prices as they please without thinking about the excessive cost of education just for the child. one child.
The Republic Day celebration was also held at Raksamgre and Dadenggre Civil Sub-Divisions in the presence of Limison D Sangma, MLA and Brening A Sangma, MLA.
Children sometimes pick up the color that has fallen to the ground and eat it.
Have you ever wondered if heaven would have been created without God? Isn't it God who created it?
On the other hand, Congress leaders Kapil Sibal and UP Chidambaram have made it clear that history will not forgive this government for repealing Article
It was held for only two hours a day from 10 am to 12 noon.
“There will be more nurses and we will be able to accommodate the seriously ill.
The match will start at 3 pm and will start with a program at 2 pm where Jessie Lyngdoh, a famous singer from our state, will perform. She is also the singer who composed and arranged the MSL 2023 anthem.
In Meghalaya, the term of office of Wansuk Syiem, MP Rajya Sabha, will end on 12th June 2014 and on 7th June, the polling day will be announced. New MP.
There were 30,076 regular candidates and 20,201 or 67.17 percent of those who passed.
In another match, Mawpat beat Madanryting 2-1
On Tuesday, the Navy seized a small vessel and seized 3,089 kilograms of Charas, 158 kilograms of Methamphetamine and 25 kilograms of Morphine.
“We don't need to go ourselves, we have received information that they will invite us and they will arrange for the coming and going of the leaders from this state,” said Bah Khlur. “We don't know whether they will provide by plane or train, but they will call and inform,” said Bah Khlur.
“Mr.B.Maharana, Director (Finance) has said that he has moved his office from Shillong to Guwahati in the month of July, 2022 but according to Office Order no: 1038 dated confirm that the office of the Executive Director (Operation and Maintenance), the office of the Executive Director (Contract and Procurement), the office of the Executive Director (Corporate Project Monitoring) has been moved to Guwahati along with some of the information and Technology (IT) bad Finance.
There will also be snowfall, heavy in many places.
A case No.71(07)20 has been registered at Laban Police Station under Sections 326/307/506/34 IPC. Eight persons suspected of involvement in the shooting of these five persons were taken for questioning today.
He said that while the High Court has already issued an order to hold the election, it has been given that the 59 candidates are not qualified to elect the Rangbah Shnong. and this is a violation of the order of the High Court.
The song was sung by Khasi singers, including Marbiang Dkhar and Baniaikit Dohtdong.
The purpose of the meeting was to urge the youth of the state to come forward and take this opportunity to start their own business.
In the middle of this road there is also the All Saint School where many people like to send their children to school through education.
However, until now, the violence against the people in these border areas has become an issue that politicians of all political parties have ignored and set aside just to raise issues during the elections. .
Referring to the construction of the Council, the CEM said that after they have been relocated to another location, they will sit a committee to decide how to do so that they can produce again. taxes for the Council.
Mukroh is one of the largest villages in Jaintia Hills District, which has been forcibly annexed to Mikir Assam since 1951 for the sake of peace of governance. -Khadar (administrative convenience) because these villages are closer to Assam in these years, which is the Administrative Head Quarter, than to Shillong, where there is still the English DC, PRT Gurdon. , which rules over Jaintia Hills and Sylhet.
Nongstoin, July 14: U Darius Marngar of Nongthymmai village under Jyrngam Sirdar ship has been abducted by unidentified robbers this evening. and tip faithfully is true.
After that, a song will be performed by the youth of Nongstoiñ and the program will end with prayers. The body will be taken to Mawkyllei where it will stay overnight at the village. on the 29th of July at 2 pm at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery.
We have already actively participated in the 2014 elections.
The Director of JHDS, Fr Manbha Pakem, in his speech, appealed to the villagers to be clean and hygienic, to follow the training given by the government and especially to cooperate with the village authorities. for the good of all.
EXERCISE:- Exercise by moving the body is essential for the body to improve the ability of the blood vessels and the functioning of other parts of the body.
After the meeting with the Chief Minister, Bah Lambor Malngiang, he met with the Vice Chairman of the Mizoram Planning Board, Pu H. Rammawi followed by a meeting with the leaders of the Mizoram political parties.
The victims said that they will lodge a complaint with the Dorbar Shnong to talk to the MeECL department. There was no incident.
When Jesus said this, he was referring to Israel because this is the beginning.
Thus the Gospel of the kingdom of God was preached beginning in Samaria, Judea and Jerusalem and to the ends of the earth.
“This amount was paid to NEEPCO on November 21, 2016 as part of the clean-up,” he said.
All unsaved Christians will have to suffer until death.
The Brahmaputra River is the main source of trade in Assam through ships and small boats.
The public hearing was scheduled to start at 10.30 pm, while the political parties had arrived since 8.30 pm.
The Sordar of the village said that since he started living in the area, he has not been able to confirm that there are many residents in the area who vote in Assam and in Meghalaya.
“This news came from the MHA. All the requirements have been prepared on 29th October,” he said.
However, it was today that these vehicles continued to move on the road and the state police have already waited from Joarabat to accompany them to their destination.
It was found that there was only one tymmen who didn't understand the Khasi language.
One of the wishes of the National People's Party (NPP) leader Purno Agitok Sangma, who passed away in 2016, was to remove politicians from the same family.
Since the past many schools have tried to teach Hindi subject in their schools but the problem is the lack of sufficient teachers who can teach this subject according to the importance of it because of the society. The government has not yet accepted this language and the government has not done anything to raise awareness among the public about this language because of the reluctance to speak DKHAR as a foreign language when we are related to PHARENG. The beauty and pleasure of those who know how to speak many languages, not only Khasi-Pnar, War, Bhoi, Lyngngam, etc., but also English, Hindi, Bengalis, Nepalis, Assamese, Mizos, Nagamese and others are filled with violence.
As the residents of Mawsaw, we cannot help but explain why the temporary resignation of the Sordar Shnong of Mawsaw, Bah Krally Iawphniaw, has happened.
Joshi became a government minister and joined the Congress party in the state assembly.
We will do the work we were created to do with integrity.
In the KHADC bill, there is a “Duh ing” but now we have given a “iing iap duh” to a household that does not have a daughter to inherit.
However, if the market price of rice is 1900 or 2000 tyngka per 100kg as reported in the newspapers, households of 10 people will eat 6kg per day for 16 days and will be hungry for 14 days.
Regarding Shatang Valley Ferro Alloy Private Limited, they have not yet taken a decision on the factory as they are still waiting for the reports and have been given one day to submit the reports. Mawlein, Rynga and coal-fired power plants will meet again after receiving the report to take a decision.
He expressed his condolences to all the souls of those who passed away that day especially to Crystal Gayle whom he took more seriously because they found her still alive.
Police have accepted Dubey's complaint and directed him to go to court to file a complaint against the dorji.
Hundreds of people came to pay their last respects at the cemetery near Sehkhen village in Churachanpur district.
Dr PB Nongpluh District AH & Veterinary Officer, Khliehriat in his speech said that in Meghalaya the consumption of pork is 15 thousand metric tonnes while the production is only 6 thousand metric tonnes. In Meghalaya, one person can eat only 38 pylleng per annum, which is also pylleng from outside the State.
The members of the Commission include four pharmacists including Dr DL Nongspung, Dr Alka Kharsati, Dr Boss Myrthong and Dr Dlas Rani, two pharmacists Dr JP Lyngdoh and Dr Sparstarlin Nongrem and four pharmacists. Dr PS Nianglang, Dr Fabian Lyngdoh, Kitboklang Nongphlang and Bah RS Wanniang.
The seventh seals will begin as soon as the command to build the Temple in Jerusalem is issued, preceded by the white horse of peace.
The permit letter from the Department of Mining and Geology did not specify the number of Matric Tonnes of coal in the Gasuapara mine. and this is the card.
In India, Odisha, Punjab, Maharashtra and Telangana have extended the curfew until 30th June
He also appeared in EA Sports' FIFA video games FIFA 18, Pro Evolution Soccer, 2008, 2012, and
“I am pleased with the performance of my players in the past but there were some mistakes in our defeat especially in the defeat,” said coach Alison.
Police and six schools took part in the parade, followed by the display of tableaux.
Many of the residents have expressed their concern about this problem which they have been facing for about three years now, where the road is in poor condition and no one is looking after and improving it but it has remained as it is.
Mawsynram MLA, Bah Olan Sing Suin has suggested that the government should take measures to protect all the water wells in many villages.
He said that students who wish to apply can get more information from the Toll Free number 1800-121-1833 and the website www.mrsptu.
They also accused the Congress government of not paying attention to the suffering and hardship of the people, which has affected not only the Ranikor Constituency but the state as a whole.
He said there is no opposition to the project from Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the union demands that the government should immediately stop this political activities, so that the work of the people will not continue in all government departments in Ri-Lum Jaintia, concluded. This was announced by PS Phawa Chief Organizing Secretary JSM Central Body.
Shillong, July 16: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided not to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Constituency. However, it will support the joint candidate announced by the ethnic parties under the leadership of the MPF.
Therefore, on this request, the government has tried to arrange for the completion of the work as soon as possible.
Shillong, November 15: The National Spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Saket Gokhale has urged the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government not to provide an explanation. regarding the proposal to implement Smart Meters purchased from China.
“Even during the height of the violence by the armed groups in 2008-2013, the conduct of the elections was smooth and peaceful and if there was any disturbance it was not a big deal but which just happened.
According to the nature of science.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle, FKJGP Mawlai Circle and HNYF Mawlai Circle have launched a protest against the government's decision to suspend three police chiefs. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, 2021, has been arrested on Wednesday morning.
The Deputy Commissioner said that there will be no prize of T.10 lakh for the Dong or Shnong, there will also be no prize for the best artists. the prize.
As scheduled, the Warkaris will gather at the Pandharpur shrine on the day of Ashadhi Ekadashi, which will be held on July
“We have now decided that the Executive Committee will appoint a Chartered Accountant and his team to investigate all the accounts and to streamline the deposit and withdrawal of funds. taking stock," he said.
Shillong: On the first day of the Ranji Trophy between Meghalaya and Sikkim at Rongpo, Akash Kumar Choudhary scored four wickets for Sikkim. groups.
Police have also arrested a GNLA informant Balmepa from Sudukgre, East Garo Hills who used to collect explosives from the owners of parks by threatening them and then delivering them to him. Sohan D Shire.
He said he agrees with the statement of NPP Meghalaya President Dr WR Kharlukhi that if they are not happy, they should resign from their posts and should not withdraw their support from the government until we get before the order of the BJP leaders in Delhi.
Sunalinda Iawren (15'), Charlinda Nongtdu (40') and Ideibanri Kharpan (50') scored the first goal for Mawlai SC. Laitkor SC scored 10 goals for Laitkor SC. Mawlai SC were delighted to reach the end of the match, while Laitkor SC were delighted to score 10 goals. They have achieved what they wanted even after playing well this season by winning until the final.
“It is not over yet, because the High Court has upheld the order of the Governor to Bah Pynshngain N Syiem,” said Bah Bindo.
B Swer asked the Meghalaya government why it has not been able to sell through e-auction the coal that has already been identified even after the orders of the NGT and the Supreme Court.
Regarding electricity, many villages in the area have not yet received electricity despite the efforts of MeECL to supply electricity to the area.
Because I didn't go to school in Shillong (Pine Mount).
He said that as an MLA he has a responsibility to bring about development in different villages and that is why as an MLA he went to open and distribute development works on that day for the villages. for the benefit of the residents of the area and hopes that the people will use and implement these schemes properly as allocated and hopes that many development works will come only if the people join hands to give their cooperation.
If they do so, the law enforcement agencies have to do their job and those who suffer are the village leaders.
“While I am an MLA, I will donate Rs 100,000 to any school in my constituency, which can win the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup”.
On Saturday in Jowai, the first two teams will play between the 2017-18 MLA final of Niaw Wasa United against the 2019 runner-up Rangdajied United.
Such a council shall not be subject to blind obedience and the decision of that secret council shall not be sule in the world and shall not be held or obeyed at any time.
To learn more about the journey of this actress regarding the opportunity to act in this film (Khohwah Nongsor) we had an exclusive interview at one of the new tourist attractions in Umsning, Ri Bhoi District.
The tender for the construction has been allocated 8,51,65,956.00 tyngka and has been implemented and monitored through the State Higher Education Council (SHEC) and through this allocation the State Government has constructed the Academic Building which includes classroom, library, laboratory & outdoor area with new seats and equipment.
She added that the area is also one of the strongholds of drug users and many incidents of robbery happen from time to time.
The incident comes just a day after nine people were killed in a shooting inside an elementary school in Serbia.
The Player of the Tournament and Man of the Match awards were won by Nelson Rymbai (YWSC A), Best Goalkeeper Yoowanmi Syrti (YWSC A), Top Scorer Ker Pala (Umkiang Sports Association), Emerging Player of the Tournament to Donald Bareh (Umkiang Sports Association).
Balse said that after the loss of five lives in the area, the Meghalaya government will pay attention to the establishment of an Out Post Police Station.
Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas, was married yesterday in a Christian ceremony.
According to the information gathered on the road construction project, it is understood that not even 25 percent has been completed which raises questions on the signing of the social agreement between JICA, the State Government under the MDA and NHIDCL. The project is scheduled to be completed by 14th July 2023, but it will not be completed by that year, as it is understood that these companies SS Infrazone Pvt.
It is worth mentioning that on Tuesday morning, a fire broke out in the building of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (KJPHS). The school was burnt down by a blazing fire between 1.30 and 2 pm this morning.
But it is good news that Jesus is willing to share our burdens.
Speaking to reporters, Raut said he had informed the Mumbai police about the threat on Thursday night.
He also encouraged all the 16 teams who have come to take part in this tournament to play well and showcase their talents so that they can continue to improve in the tournament. and that it will also be one of the sources of income for them.
On this occasion, a song performance was also held by the youth.
SOT police together with Assam police, worked together to rescue the man.
The KSU demands that the government should provide the rights of the indigenous people to protect them from the infiltration of foreigners, security in income, security in livelihood, promotion according to However, if it continues as usual, the state will soon be able to recover.
They include H.Elias Memorial HSS and Ïewrynghep Secondary School in Under-17 (girls), H.Elias Memorial HSS and Assam Rifles Public School in Under-17 (boys). School and Umphyrnai Presbyterian School in the Under-14 (boys).
The Achik Conscious Holistic Integrated Crime (ACHIK) on Thursday launched a protest in front of the Mini Secretariat in Meghalaya to make Tura the capital of Meghalaya during the rainy season. Dakopgre in Tura.
He also hoped that through this Futsal ground it will be a blessing to the youth of the area and especially to those youth who have started in bad habits because if they come forward to play chess through sports will be one way for them to escape many evils.
Also present on the occasion were Wilson Dohling, DDTI MACS and Lambor Suchen, Skill Development Officer, MSSDS.
The Annual Action Plan and Financial Report of the CLF was presented by Kong Widawan Siangshai Secretary of the CLF. Community Investment Funds for the purpose of increasing the income and livelihood of the members of Self Help Groups and T.350,000/- (Three Lakh Five). thousand) to improve the facilities of the office.
Kharumnuid FC scored a penalty in the 40th minute when the players of both the teams showed their skills. Young Star FC goalkeeper. By the end of the first half, the match had ended in a draw.
In an interview with this reporter, in the past few days, the elders and women said that they will face a huge shortage this year if the price of Synsar does not increase. They said that there is no other source of income in the village except Synsar and Sla Tyrpad which are the other sources of income that support the poverty in all the households. Through the synsar, they will be able to buy food, send their children to school, buy necessities for their own household, and it is only the income they earn from the synsar that can be used to support themselves. They requested this journalist to inform the government in charge of the livelihood, income and loss of the farmers to turn to them for help. There is no way to increase the price of synsar.
“Tomorrow we will go to the market with Thei,” said the mother.
The MPCC has dissolved the former Congress in Mawsynram due to the suspension of MLA and MDC from Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. MDC of Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang).
Nongstoiñ, July 8: Nongjri Village, Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, about 19 kilometers from Riangdo, has a Secondary School established by the Catholic Church since Rev Fr Stephan Lamin is the Parish Priest of the area.
This is also the case among those who choose to wear traditional clothes and many of us have accepted the foreign dress code which makes it easier for us to travel, as well as to eat, not we can eat as in the past, we have learned to cook many foreign foods.
Seven former MDCs from Nongshken, Lamphrang Blah from Mawphlang, Victor Ranee from Jirang and Teinwell Dkhar from Jirang have returned. Shella, Latiplang Kharkongor from Nongthymmai, Pynishngain N Syiem from Mawkhar-Pynthor and Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Sohryngkham.
She said that worldwide, the number of deaths from TB per day has risen to 4400 and the number of TB cases per day has reached 30,0
However, it is not known why he did not apply for ticket from the party.
For the first time, the Minister also introduced the Budget for the year 2024-25 without the use of documents.
When inquiring about this, these reporters spoke to Bah John Nongrum, General Secretary of Baridua Village, who expressed his concern over the illegal activities in Baridua. poh the border of the village.
Jowai, Nailar 21 : Mookyndur FC has won the final of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2022 on Saturday. Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
NIA President Korbar L Nonglait alleged that there are foreigners who stay in the market without proper documents and this creates danger and spreads theft and other crimes.
He said that the party has not won all the seven constituencies in Shillong City.
Shillong, November 15 : The employees of KHADC have expressed their delight after receiving the Dearness Allowances (DA) from July 2023 to July 2023 worth up to Rs 10 crore.
The Executive Committee of the International Sports Federation (UIPM) has announced that the Executive Committee has given its support for the lifting of the suspension of the athletes of these two countries after Russia's will invade Ukraine in June
Speaking to media, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang President of CoRP Ri-Bhoi District said that the party is deeply saddened by the complaints of many village leaders due to the suspension of funds for the construction of the project. The MNREGA scheme from the cost of labor, materials and others as the villages have faced difficulties in implementing development works in the village.
And after the sixty-two weeks he shall be cut off, and shall have nothing.
They include Monika Lyngdoh Phawa, Debasmita Dutta, Ajima Sangma and Luiza Tamang.
There will be a variety of entertainment, food and famous musicians including Grassroots and Snow White.
AMSSASTA would like to congratulate all those teachers who have passed in this 4th Semester which is also the final exam of the D.El.
In a statement sent by SPARK President Shima Modak, she said, “Even in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, these children have fallen before the Lord to pray to Him. May he drive away the disease and protect each other and ask for the blessings of God who will bless each and every one.
The Jowai MLA announced this after a meeting between Thadlaskein BDO B Blah, MDCs, block staff and JHADC MDCs including Brightstar Chyrmang, Saron Pasweth, EMs of JHADC. , Wailad Bhoi Deputy Chairman JHADC, Lakhon Dkhar, Jesse Suiam, Octomewot Lamin and others to find ways to help the farmers whose farmland has been affected in Thadlaskein C&RD Block on Tuesday.
The Meghalaya Government Nursing Service Association (MGNSA) has announced an indefinite strike from the 23rd of this month until the government fulfills their demands.
Deepika Padukone's relationship with her husband Ranveer Singh began with a bone injury.
At the same time, the union through this statement said that if such incidents happen, the company should take responsibility and should also listen to the demand of the union to relocate. These two employees have been arrested from this state.
She was surprised and worried about what would happen when she gave birth to her baby.
“I want our people, you the people to ask yourselves this question who does the job, who is sick to carry the car, to drive and lur whether they are standing in the market or not. They are the cows that are lying in the fields and in the fields.
The meeting was conducted by Bah FB Basan, BDO of Mawphlang C&RD Block in the presence of Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong Isawanda Laloo, Government officials from all over the country. Government departments, companies, partnerships including the Rural Self Employment Training Institute, the District Commercial Industry and the State Bank of India and Don Bosco Technical School.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The new General Manager of BSNL Shillong Circle, Tota Anila Kiran, on Tuesday said that they have already sought permission from the Ministry of Home Affairs to install CAPF phones. ) on the border with Bangladesh and the cost for this will be T.70 crore.
James, who is abroad, has returned early to see for himself the incident.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister had discussions with the health officers and was also briefed on the plight of the ASHA workers in the district.
This competition was held especially for the residents of West Jaintia District.
The JAC said that the project should benefit first of all the residents of the area as well as the people of West and East Jaintia Hills Districts.
A few years later, other members of the group joined forces and One Direction was eventually dissolved.
The youth said that he has humbly requested the young woman and her relatives to forgive him and who has been able to talk to him, but he said that he shall go to the residence of the young woman and her family, for the purpose of meeting.
On the same issue, he said that in Delhi, the government of Arvind Kejriwal has 16 Parliamentary Secretaries and all these 16 will be heard on the 11th of this month. The HSPDP has accepted that Article 164 Clause I has come into force in all the states and only in this state it has not yet come into force. to explain to the Governor of the State to take action on this issue.
Those who attended the program included the Joint Director-School Education and Literacy Jowai, Incharge DSEO Khliehriat, Bah Luckystar Lyngdoh, Administrative of Star Cement, Tejbir Singh, Management Representative, Devander.
“Ri Khasi Ri Khasi- I love youThe country that I love the old and the old The old and the old I have never seen againThe memory of them will never disappear.
From the HSPDP, the signatories were Sohiong MDC Samlin Malngiang, Mylliem MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew and Mawthadraishan MDC Blanding Warjri.
He said that as the President of the party, he will fight as hard as he can to ensure that the party will field candidates who have the hope of winning in all the constituencies especially in East Khasi Hills District.
Speaking at the party's public meeting in Adokgre, Conrad paid tribute to Mamata Banerjee, who supported his father during his presidential campaign.
This road is used to pass behind the office of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) and many other offices on this side.
New Delhi, Naitung 04: The Supreme Court of India today rejected the Supreme Court's challenge to the implementation of the Reservation Policy. The Supreme Court of India should intervene and order all the States and Small States in India to gradually abolish their Reservation Policies.
There are also pictures of merchants, vendors and walkers standing with forty kinds of spectators.
He also thanked the school for its assistance in the construction of the two classrooms.
Nongstoiñ: The People's Democratic Party (PDP) from Mawshynrut Zonal Committee (PDP) has joined the Congress.
The angry drivers stopped all the other commercial vehicles and sent the passengers down.
HG Lyngdoh SP West Jaintia Hills, who was the chief guest, expressed his gratitude to the pioneers of the VDP Moodymmai, which 50 years ago, even if they are not educated, they have a long way to go. for the good and peace of the community.
If they are skilled in all aspects, why can't they find the big trucks?” said Dr. Celestine.
He said that from Khasi and Jaintia Hills, even if they win, they will win 1 or 2 seats because in most of the constituencies, the contest will be between the NPP and UDP.
However, the General Secretary of AMKA, Bah Ksankupar Warjri, is the Treasurer of the MSAO and Bah Donny Ranee is the Executive Member of the MSOA. Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Bah John said that the emergence of two sports associations It has caused confusion among the parents of the children because they don't understand which of the sports associations is right.
(4) Mawlieh Raid, (5) Lawai Raid, (6) Nongkynrih and Langshikhlieh Raid.
I don't want to write the history but let's turn to the Jaitbynriew as it is now.
On the 13th November, the meeting will be held in Shillong for Mylliem, Laban-Mawprem, Pynthorumkhrah, Jaiaw, Mawlai, Mawphlang, Diengiei and Nongspung.
Sharing the news of the visit, Conrad wrote on Twitter, “The farmers in this village have turned the crops into valuable products – oil and spices”.
After the arrest of these drug users and traffickers, the Seng Samla and Seng Longkmie, first took them to the Durbar House for the purpose of completing the customs of the village, but only a few of them informed and handed over. Go to the Police to arrest and take action.
“We are pleased to launch flights between Meghalaya and the commercial capital of Assam under the Regional Connectivity Scheme.
In an interview with the President, Bah Monu Shakhwa and Secretary, Bah Liam Pator, they said that the reason why the children of the Raid Marwet under the leadership of Pa'iem Ken Syiem as the Syiem of the Raid has created this The committee is to look after the welfare and development of the various villages under the Raid.
The Church of God Secondary School in the village has been upgraded to Higher Secondary School and now it has been upgraded to a college called Pongkung Church of God Secondary School by Rev.J.J M Nichols Roy College.
In Group E, Spain beat Germany 1-1 on Saturday.
In the final; Meghalaya played a friendly against Uttar Pradesh and beat Assam and Rajasthan 4-2
The ANTF from Ri Bhoi District, on the occasion of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking on the 26th July 2023, was held in Shillong. The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma in the presence of the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, DGP Meghalaya, Dr LR Bishnoi and other senior officials of the state.
“If the four bus had not blocked the road, we would have been able to pass from the safe place but the turn to pass has stopped until no public vehicles can pass,” said Dr Don.
The Mawlai Police Station has sent a request to all the Rangbah Shnongs and Rangbah Dongs of Mawlai Pyllun to urge the residents of Mawlai Pyllun to be vigilant and cautious. There is a lot of theft of vehicles in this area.
Bah Marwein said that the Nongjri area has an urgent need to have a mobile phone to get a good network. He said that many times when there is an incident to inform the authorities. It is also difficult to report to Nonghyllam, but if the network is available, you can report by phone.
Pastor HH Mohrmen said that the world has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic which has spread rapidly around the world.
SP EKH M.Kharkrang said that those who call the public to inquire about their ATMs are gangs of robbers who intend to rob the public by pretending to be employees of SBI. The SP has warned the public to be careful when using ATMs according to the rules and regulations laid down by banks, and to register their mobile numbers so that they can receive SMS if you have a withdrawal or if you have withdrawn money yourself.
Blah said the Government has promised to call them to discuss the issue and the meeting could be held on the 26th of this month.
When asked how safe it is to eat meat, the Minister said it is safe to eat and drink milk because the disease has been controlled.
They demanded that the Prime Minister should set up an independent inquiry headed by a retired judge of the High Court or the Supreme Court.
Shillong, July 19: On the 17th of July, the Enforcement Police of KHADC have raided and closed down four foreign shops in Laitumkhrah, which do not have trading licenses. Sanbor Shullai, MLA and MDC of the constituency, has been arrested.
Shillong: Shillong: There has been no rainfall in Shillong in the last 24 hours and in Sohra, while in Umiam, there has been no rainfall. which bniop bniop.
Furthermore, Kong Isawanda reminded the children to have a spirit of sports because through sports it teaches the children about manners and respect and helps them to think and set goals in life.
Regarding the price of the book, she said that the price of T.225 tyngka is for class X, and perhaps the KHNAM leaders are wrong. you of the price.
Murmu urged all the 60 MLAs and three MPs of the state to support her in this election as she is the first ethnic group to be elected President.
Even in the Hima Maharam, it is said that those “Syiemlieh” and “Syiemïong” dynasties came from Nongkrem – so there is a Thymmei in such a wonderful traditional Ïawbei.
In the final match, Ri Bhoi Myngken Hr Sec School beat Mawbidong Sec School 16-1 goals. Chanjib Chettri scored 9 goals (10 ,12,17,21,28,34,50,52,54 min), then Iainehskhem Marboh (27.39 min), Emeral Sohiang (30.44 min), Mebankhraw Nongrum (36.46 min), Shanbok Basaiawmoit Ferdyson Shangdiar scored the first goal for South West Khasi Hills.
The incident occurred when a ball fell into the house of the Punjabi while he and his friends were playing cricket at about 2 pm.
Ed through NIOS and many have been employed as teachers in Lower Primary Schools across the State.
For example, one repair of a school building costs 5,00000/- 30 lakh rupees, wages and salaries cost 200000/- while materials and equipment cost 3,00000/- lakh.
On the next day, Mulong (15th November), as on the first day, there was a greeting ceremony called the 'hiar wah'
All these things are not from the Father (God).
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: The state government has decided to set up a camp for ANVC B members in Rilum Khasi Hills district. The Youth Federation (RBYF) did not oppose this.
How do the Hima and Dorbar Shnongs around the world feel about this issue? They are trying to increase the number of people in our Khasi country. Our.
Dispur Police have seized a truck (AS01LC2717) from Madanriting, Shillong with the assistance of Meghalaya Police.
I firmly believe that the moment you do so it is in Yahshua/Jesus (1 John 5:11).
Such people feel as if they are no longer dead.
To conclude this article I would like to explain 'Why I write myself – Ex-Rev'
The CIDs of Assam police have arrested nine policemen at their headquarters in Ulubari, Guwahati Assam, in connection with their fraudulent activities to extort money from people.
Shillong: A meeting of the people, various leaders, on Tuesday at Smit, decided to strongly oppose the Government of India's plan to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in the country. If the UCC comes into force, the power and fire of the Sixth Schedule will disappear completely.
A plant has at least two main parts: (1) a stem, and (2) a body.
In 2016 he was selected for the Indian national football team (in the Under-14 list), he was also part of the Under-16 list.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) concluded the celebration on Saturday with the participation of children, adults and women.
A few days after the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the MLA elections in the state, the election storm has started to stir in the state as the leaders of political parties have been busy to go around the places to start campaigning so that the people can vote and elect them for five years.
JA said that this was also when he resigned from the BJP and as a father he tried to talk to the party leaders from the constituency to get more clarification especially when the leaders “After I understand that there is a real desire from some UDP leaders from this constituency that my son should contest from this constituency, I said: I asked them what the leaders of the Central Body had said.
Other speakers on the occasion included DD Syngai, MCS, Executive Engineer, WR, Bah P. Kurbah, President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai; Alan Niangti, L.Khroo Pariat President, Dr. Hermon Khonglah and others who stressed the need to preserve the beauty of the Myntdu River which is the only one. The river supplies water to the residents of Jowai and surrounding villages.
“We hope that the maintenance will be as mentioned in this report so that the problems faced by people and vehicles can be reduced,” the High Court said.
He said that when the country got independence, the North East was very different from what we see today.
It also said that the fine, if paid, and the total amount of bailutksan shall not be less than T.20 lakh, shall be paid by the State to the victim by including it in the amount. until the age of majority.
The rule of law did not come after the sin in Eden.
Once the arrest has been recorded, the police will have to take the authority to arrest from the court.
He was born on June 14, 1987.
“We want to put this factory into operation and remove the debris from this factory,” he said.
He said that the training which is now open will be a way to fill this vacancy.
Replying to the allegations of the UDP, the CEM of KHADC said that there are some issues that have already been resolved and done, while there are other issues that the CEM has to take an urgent decision. -He said that it is not that he doesn't care about anyone, but it depends on the demand of the job.
Why do they offer help? The answer is that this annual festival in Jaintia Hills should be a successful one, which can attract tourists from the country and abroad.
Rivilda Rynjah scored the second goal.
However, it is believed that all those who cannot take part will attend the counting of votes. The MDA has 48 MLAs from different parties.
The sixth Angel poured out his flash upon the great river Euphrates ,and it dried up,so that kings from the EAST could march their armies WESTWARD without hindrance".
In this regard, Rupang spoke to Bah H.Witting Mawsor on this issue and Bah Mawsor said that all this is due to the wisdom of the DC. ; Since Mukul Sangma has called the MLA of Mawshynrut regarding the information to open the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Mawsor has immediately called the DC of West Khasi Hills. Hills District, Arun Kumar Kembhavi IAS and met with the DC at Madan Christ King on Tuesday while they were on their way to inspect the venue for the opening ceremony. the foundation stone.
It is learned that these are the soldiers who have just returned from their duties after taking leave.
He said that he is a Pnar and his mother's house is in Loomkyrwiang Jowai, but he was born and raised in Shillong and he is proud that even though he is a Pnar he has won the MDC election. MLA from Laban constituency and Shillong South.
Documents evidencing the schemes received by the office for the need of the office with proper references.
Hundreds of Congress youths came to take part in the rally at the residence of the Minister of Telecom. They accused him of being a threat to the Congress leaders.
The midfielder has shown his skills for Real Kashmir in the second division by scoring five goals and scoring seven goals in 20 appearances.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the state has expressed its deep sorrow over the loss of lives in the floods in Garo Hills and Shillong as well.
At present, Assam and Meghalaya have received 37% less rainfall compared to 14% in Arunachal Pradesh.
On the other hand, the party candidate said that as he won in 2018 with love, so he will continue to win with love.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Central Body cannot accept such allegations because the FKJGP Central Body feels that the discussion on the railway line is not urgent. stand firm on the grounds of urging and demanding from time to time the Government to immediately implement measures to prevent the illegal entry and exit of foreigners into our state.
At present, he said, many buam shet users have come forward to apply for the scheme proposed by the government.
He promised to call a meeting soon to discuss the matter and take a firm decision.
The thief, too, said that he fell in love with the girl as soon as he saw the picture of the girl, who stole her mobile.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he will consider the proposal of the opposition to appoint a committee of inquiry into the illegal mining of coal in the state. The State Government is clear that it will not allow any illegal activities to operate in the State.
This 2 acre land was donated by a private individual who did not want to be named.
I don't have to pay taxes, pollution tests and children.
“The HSPDP has already promised in the elections that the ILP is an important issue.
The story and script were written by the Syiemlieh Section.
Armenia and Azerbaijan have been in the midst of a protracted dispute over the Nogorno-Karabakh region for nearly 40 years.
Shillong, June 22: Muslims in Meghalaya on Saturday celebrated Eid-ul-Fitr by taking part in religious services held in mosques across the country.
The survey was conducted at the Shangqiu Municipal Hospital, a hospital designated to treat those infected with COVID-19 in Shangqiu, Henan Province.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today inspected the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang. The construction of the new hall will be completed in November
Police said that they do not allow these commercial vehicles to carry passengers inside their vehicles, except for those who carry cargo along with the car pass valid from the police. part to carry loads.
Shillong: Regarding the incident which happened at St. Xavier's College, Umoid, on 24th June, 2021; Police have arrested seven people so far, according to the report.
He said the central government has sent thousands of troops into Manipur just to be spectators without doing anything to stop the bloodshed.
These RSS members also explained to the public on the prevention measures against the spread of coronavirus and also taught the public the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to stay away from crowded places and to be hygienic by washing hands. and tap the jain of the room when it is cold or hot.
Four candidates from Mairang Constituency from different political parties will contest the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on Tuesday. The Dorbar Shnong Pyndengumiong, which is also known as the common platform, was held by the Dorbar Shnong Pyndengumiong. Tirot Singh Memorial hall Mairang.
The CCEA has approved the continuation of the Urea Subsidy scheme to ensure that farmers receive urea at the price of T 242/45 kg per tonne including taxes and fees.
Tura bowlers Denikcheng Marak (2/18) and Fernando Barbaryo M Sangma (2/12) were able to fight against the opponents' bowlers. 42/5 in 13.3 overs.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District and CEO of DDMA, Bah HK Thabah was the chief guest in the presence of the District Disaster Management Officer (DDMO) of West Khasi Hills District. District, Bah J.Mawthoh, Deputy Controller Civil Defense, Nongstoiñ, Bah W.Nonglang, Sub-Inspector Civil Defense & Home Guards, Nongstoiñ , Bah T. Tynsong, volunteers Aapda Mitra and others.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills , Ma PS Dkhar , Superintendent of Police , HG Lngdoh , other government officials from other government departments He visited and met with the leaders of the Church to discuss and discuss the preparations for the conference as well as the preparations made by the Church.
The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit through its Publicity Secretary, KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, would like to extend its special greetings to the thousands of children of the Hynniewtrep people and especially to the Tuber people.
The Bodos and Gorkhalis are smarter than us! What about Malchapara village which is under the Nonglang Sirdarship? Nonglang is one of the 31 British Villages in the Khasi Hills which fall directly under the British Government which has well defined its boundaries.
It is learned that after stealing the auto, the robber came straight to the 15 Mer area and tried to rob the women who were walking along the road. Two women, Shakuntala Devi from Borbhuin and Jepji Marak from Raja Bagan, escaped after calling for help from the residents of the area.
He said that the Forest and Environment Department has used the forces of nature to fight against the environmental crisis which has been destroyed by mankind.
The Under-23 cricket tournament was played in the form of a Test match and the Shillong Cricket Association (B) players were able to tied They scored 385 runs in 55 overs in the first innings for the loss of four wickets.
In 2020, which is the year of the spread of COVID-19, the AOG has also established a team called “AOG Fights Corona” which has taken steps to ensure that resources for families affected by the disease.
...We have the right to choose the way of life we ​​want...the rule of the Foreign Government will soon end and thus all the Khasi Hima, whether small or large, have now been united under the Federation of Khasi States. they must be entitled to decide the future of local governance.
These contractors are residents of Assam and they built the well on 21st July 2021 near Rymbai village.
The boxing team of West Jaintia Hills District has won seven medals at the Meghalaya Games held on 19th July in Tura.
RMS: When will this song from the movie Dab Dabba be released? Batei: Next year.
Both the teams have already decided to play in the Elite Group next season after reaching the final but both want to finish the season with a victory.
Shillong, Lber 06 : All the 59 new MLAs of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya took oath before the Pro-tem Speaker, Timothy D Shira on Monday.
As the larvae grow, they are exposed to the sun to make them stronger and to prevent the disease called 'dampning off' which often affects the larvae when they are young.
The Chief Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Lav Agarwal, who used to inform the Government of India on the number of cases of corona virus in the country, has tested positive for the corona virus. today.
How can the government not have the money to hire teachers when it has enough money to spend on festivals?
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa is scheduled to leave for Delhi to discuss assistance for development.
He said that the measures taken will also help government departments to implement or use new technologies which can reduce the consumption of energy but are more durable and beneficial. .
Hemangshu Deka, 25, has lost his life after drowning while swimming in Mawsawa Valley in East Khasi Hills District.
Police have arrested the driver and seized the truck.
The court will hear the matter again on 7 May
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Brightstar Chyrmang MDC of JHADC praised the Dorbar Dong for its ability to develop the village and said, “We need the cooperation to achieve development in the villages. all sides".
This is a strong appeal to the parents of the families to think carefully because it is not enough to provide food, drink or clothes to these children to send them to school but if the life of the children, that the human and spiritual nature of the children has been left behind, without proper care.
Dr Srivsatave in the presence of NEHU Registrar Dr L Cajee on Tuesday held a meeting with Governor V Shanmugathan at Raj Bhavan.
The ICT Lab was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest, Bah V Nianglang, DMC-SSA-SEMAM Ri Bhoi District as the chief guest in the presence of Bah PP Yadav BMC Umling BRC, Bah Raphael Klein Chairman Managing Committee, teachers and students and other dignitaries.
New Delhi: The number of new cases of covid-19 in the past 24 hours has risen by 38 percent to 7,8 an increase that has been relatively steep, comparatively speaking, since 2nd November 2022.
Lack of sleep or poor sleep can cause increased anger, depression, especially in the middle of a nightmare.
Shillong: The heavy rainfall in these days has increased the water level in the coal mine and many crematoria at Kasan in Lumthari, East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 6: A rich trader has lost T.10 lakh tyngka on the road at 11:30 pm this morning. Shri Rahul Ali of Umjarain Mawkyrwat village has withdrawn T.10 lakh from the State Bank of India and walked to Khyndailad. T.10 lakh in his pocket.
Although no statement has been received from the army regarding the incident in Mawshun village, according to sources received from the BSF, the incident occurred because the driver of this truck intended to flee.
He said that the Seiñ Raij Wahïajer has been waiting for the establishment of the Seng Khihlang in Tyrsad in 2023 after it was prepared once and this year they have welcomed it with enthusiasm. there is hope for no more disruption.
Jowai, Nailar 04: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Ummulong Unit led by President Whymhasa Passah in the presence of JSU Ummulong Unit Leader Nevercare Passah and members of the JSU Ummulong Unit, on Tuesday held a meeting with the JSU Ummulong Unit. The Executive Engineer of PWD Central Division Jowai has appealed to the authorities to install signs on the roads along the road.
In fact, it is the Churches, especially the leaders, such as Bishops, Fathers, Sisters, Catechists, Elders, Pastors, Elders and Elders of various Churches, to stand against all kinds of evils. politics and Khadar rule, especially corruption which has destroyed society and the State.
The meeting also honored the new office bearers of the party and handed over their letters of incorporation.
“I don't promise to give anything but I always say that the government will look after and do the wishes of the people,” he said.
They began to wear tangsong and also to cover themselves with sackcloth.
Private cars are also available.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held under the chairmanship of the chairman of the village, KK Pyrtuh in the presence of the village leaders, office bearers and residents.
At the same time, the KSU strongly condemns the attack by the KHADC enforcement on the personnel of Paul Leong and his son, Kimfa Marbaniang.
The mother of the girl, said that her daughter, has been abducted by unknown robbers till today, although the Assam police through the action of the Meghalaya police, have arrested her. one person does not have a mobile phone.
Therefore, we must speak the truth, we must remove differences and prejudices, we must bring justice and righteousness to the homes of the weak and the poor.
Who in his physical life here on earth has overcome lust, has overcome fear, has overcome hatred, enmity and even death.
However, at the same time, he said that the allocation of funds did not mention the payment of bailutsan but this was prepared by the Deputy Commissioners and the government is waiting for the report to take the necessary action to pay the bailutsan to them. people affected by the construction of this two lane road.
BJP-Meghalaya Unit leaders visited Delhi before Defense Minister Amit Shah to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit Act. which the Legislative Assembly has approved.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the postponement of the date will be to the earlier dates of November.
This not only protects the skin from ultra violet sunburn, but also helps the skin to stay clean.
In a letter dated 16th December 2022 to the Deputy Commissioner of Police (Int.
Not only that, since these AMD officers arrived at Wahkaji, they have taken over a house to use as an office and these officers have only been able to visit Mawthabah area once together. drilling machines for the purpose of conducting the survey, but before the survey could proceed, the news spread quickly that these officers had brought them with the intention of conducting the survey. They were seriously injured and damaged their equipment due to the fire.
There are currently 4,60,000 homeless people in Gaza, while 2,70,000 are homeless. There are 90 countries in the world that are not protected by the United Nations.
Prime Minister Vice President Jagdeep Dhankhar, Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla, Kharge, Sonia Gandhi, Congress Leader in the Lok Sabha Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury and Trinamool Congress Leader Derek O'Brien, paid tribute to the policemen who died on the ground floor of the Legislative Assembly.
Also present at the ceremony were Giri Prasad, Additional SP, DSP Headquarters, G Marshillong, DSP Traffic and other officers of the Ri-Bhoi Police Department.
“You have ears to hear, you have brains, you have a family, children, brothers and sisters who look forward to a bright future, turn to God and one day you will need a house. Your family, which is the country and the nation as a whole,” said Bah Shembor.
Speaking at the dorbar, Easter Kharumnuid, one of the elders, said that his brother was killed in this manner, by being tortured and tortured for a long time, but he did not know. , who was not arrested or imprisoned.
The report also directed the state government to shut down more than 1000 coal mines.
The police attacked the villagers and accused the children of being prostitutes and the brothel.
Nongpoh: As one of the precautionary measures to curb the spread of Corona Virus, the FKJGP Mawhati Circle, has closed the road and no longer allows foreigners from Assam to enter the country. Market in Umtrai Market in Ri Bhoi.
Jesus said: “Never be anxious about the next day, for the next day will have its own anxieties.
The matches will be played on the 14th March: Latylli FC vs Mawlynrei Veterans, followed by Nongmensong Veterans vs Lawsohtun Challengers, Kyllumlang FC vs Sunrisers, finally Umpling Veterans vs Sunrisers. Example FC Mountain.
Union Territories are needed because Delhi is the capital of India, the Andaman & Nicobar Islands and Lakshadweep because of its distance, but Chandigarh, which is bordered by Punjab and Haryana, is also the capital. of these two States, it is necessary to protect and preserve the customs and traditions, cultures, to improve income, education, health, and especially to have peace.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The Border Security Force (BSF) has arrested a Bangladeshi named Md Hason Ali, 62, and seized three rounds of ammunition from his body. 348 grams of gold biscuits worth 17,57,748 lakh tyngka.
The government should take strong measures to arrest the police chief to regain the trust of the people, James said.
According to a statement from the department, four of the seven persons involved in the case are from the same family, including the father identified as Biolet Dura (71), his daughter, Proficiency Diengdoh, 32, of Raimohan Lane, Wahingdoh, East Khasi Hills, his son Adrian Diengdoh, 20, and his wife, Saphiwanphylla Lyngdoh, of Nongmynsong, Shillong.
On arrival at the scene, the reporter found that many people had gathered to watch the fire and there were also Nongmensong Police Station and Fire Brigade at the scene. there appeared to be about five fire trucks on the scene.
Jonathone Sangma's wife Krinila Marak, who is contesting on the NCP ticket, went early to cast her vote.
“The Bureau of the FIFA Council has decided unanimously to suspend the All India Football Federation (AIFF) from today due to the interference of other authorities unrelated to the game of football, which is a violation of the FIFA's rules of procedure,” said a statement issued by FIFA on Tuesday.
According to the NIA, Dalla and Gaurav Patial live abroad but have close ties and collaborate with the Khalistan rebels in connection with the smuggling of weapons and also to send attacks in parts of India.
Speaking on the occasion, Chief Guest Dasakhiat congratulated the leaders of Seiñ Raij Ialong who have worked hard to conduct the Behdeiñkhlam festival and expressed his hope that it will be successful. the light shall bring good, and prosperity in all things.
In his welcoming remarks, ADC Bah D.Wahlang urged the political parties to work together as usual at this time. India is the largest democracy in the world and some neighboring countries want this but don’t get it.
Shillong: The Shillong Traffic Police has arranged a temporary traffic rule for the funeral of Archbishop Most Rev Dominic Jala, which will be held on Tuesday 23rd March 2019 at Catheral Laitumkhrah. from 6:00 pm.
“Even in the areas outside the MUDA boundary, the department should not issue any orders to follow the rules and regulations,” said Bah Pariat. .
There have been 57 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
Last month, the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) conducted a survey of houses in Umsawli area to build a new Shillong city. has opposed this action of the government and has banned it.
Although the NPP and the UDP are the two political parties that formed the strongest MDA government in 2018, there is no sign that these two political parties have formed a strong MDA government in they want to work together.
Although Captain Sangma was the first Chief Minister of the state, he too understands that the APHLC has no future purpose after the independence of Meghalaya.
On the topic of “Our World, Our Thriving Future”, S.Tariang urged the members to find ways and means to eradicate poverty. encourage to promote education and to preserve the uniqueness of the environment.
The 2024-25 budget will be discussed tomorrow 8th October 2024 at the JHADC. On the 10th of this month, she met with the SDO of MePDCL Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, regarding the lack of bills in the villages of Rambrai area.
According to Bah Shibun, he will not come to Shillong because he is busy and will come another day.
Dear friends, as you are in this country, know Briew, know God, know know, know right, know right.
Prof. Kma also condemned that the VC's explanation on the appointment of Rohit Prasad is based on no facts and without following the rules of the UGC Act. Rohit Prasad, Prof. Kma said that as it happens, the VC does not have the power to appoint except for those related to teachers.
When UDP MLA from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem wanted to know the future of the teachers in non-government Lower Primary Schools who have been left behind, Rakkam said he doesn't have any information but He has written down this matter and will hear it.
This step will ensure the availability of farmland and good income for the farmers.
It's just RS Lumshnong.
" So there was a heated argument and he stabbed me with a knife and struck me in the legs and injured my fingers.
When asked whether the Government will appeal against this, he said, “I cannot say anything on this now, but the letter has already been sent from the Ministry of Home Affairs to this organization. 2018, Oh! Lotus flowers were carried from Khyndai Lad to Raj Bhavan near Nanpalok.
“Ade ale ale Hep, I still want to clean the clothes first...” said Lydia. “Hep went into the house and Lydia also put down the clothes she wanted to clean.
They said that most of the money spent by the NHM is on the distribution of food items to those people who are under quarantine at various Corona Care Centers in the state and residential areas. health workers.
The President of the MPTYC, Samla Waiki Snaitang in an interview with the media said, “As of now, the children with disabilities who attend special schools Those with disabilities face challenges due to the inability of teachers to provide special education.
Shillong, March 17: Three candidates have applied for the UDP MP election. They are the Chief Adviser of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Roberjune Kharjahrin, former MLA Mawlai, Bah Process T. Sawkmie and Bah Process T. Sawkmie. the General Secretary of the Party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
Regarding the MHIS card, he said the government has increased the MHIS card from 2.6 lakh to 5.3 lakh, besides the establishment of 250 PHCs and 75 sub centers. to raise the rank.
“I have received a letter from James K Sangma yesterday, which states that the member has resigned to bring the NCM against the Lamphang,” Mondal said in the House.
Rimanda Suchiang, Organizing Secretary of the Lumpung, urged all the organizations in the country to attend the tournament without any difference of opinion. some who did not receive certificates.
Shillong, July 29: The Executive Committee led by Thombor Shiwat has approved the name of Tang as CEM. Shillong, July 29: Ka Tama Monolith The UDP MDC from Shella Constituency, Mawphlang, who is also the EM in charge of Arts and Culture, At that time, Bah Teinwell Dkhar strongly criticized the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) for its inability to provide an accounting of the reports of the Mawbynna Festival in Mawphlang, despite the cost of the festival. you have reached a crore.
Furthermore, on the same day, the organization will also award moments to those students who came first, second and third place in the Slogan Writing competition. The drawing competition has been held since 5th July 2023 which is a special day known as World Environment Day.
These items include rice and dai, as a sign of support to the families who have been affected in their livelihood due to the COVID-19 lockdown.
In reply, James Sangma said the department will take part in the investigation into the incident and will take a decision to punish if there is any wrongdoing in the department.
Similarly, the Central Government has allocated more than Rs 7 crore to support fisheries in Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, November 28 : A fire broke out after a fire broke out at 11 mer village, Ri-Bhoi District. bring great loss to the owner.
Replying to a question on the absence of these two HSPDP MLAs, Bah Metbah said, “It is their wish and I have nothing to say.
Recently, NESFAS conducted a Household Food Insecurity Survey (FHIAS) in 18 villages in Meghalaya and Nagaland which depend on shyrtie cultivation.
It is learned that the son used to do illegal activities while the two men were sleeping by touching their femininity and used to enter the bathroom while they were sleeping. my 15-year-old brother is still sleeping.
The year of Pyrem will end and the Lyiur will not be long.
“We have two MLAs, when they have resigned and can no longer run the party, it is not easy for me alone, there are no MLAs and MDCs, it is difficult to run the party,” he said. let's go.
The Adventure Hynniewtrep Off Road (AHOR) will hold the 5th Ahor 4×4 Off-Road Challenge 2023 from 19th to 21st March this year at Kharsati Park, Umtham, Ribhoi District. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Samla Sainkupar Myrthong, owner of Breezin Wine, said that even after the lockdown in the past two years, the business has started to grow again. encourage others not to be afraid to take up this job as a source of employment.
At the same time, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that when an MLA asks questions, he should put his feelings first.
He said that the Seng has also sent a letter of opposition to their demand.
The Minister said that the number of animals in the park is small and therefore it is unfortunate for them to stay there but because of the large number of animals they cannot leave them.
In the junior boys (45 kg), South Garo Hills won the gold medal after defeating West Khasi Hills, while East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills won the bronze medal.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the report sent by Meghalaya to Assam in 2011 is an assistance for the border settlement in 2021 or by the government. MDA I, but it has also caused problems because the villages that oppose the MoU are the villages which have not been included in the Report.
Shillong, June 16: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, on Tuesday said that the increase in alcohol consumption has destroyed the peace and order in the society.
To strengthen the fight against drugs, it is necessary to pass strict, strict laws that can impose heavy fines, life imprisonment or death penalty for those involved in drug trafficking. this is drug work.
There are 141 polling stations in the district including 68 in Mairang and 73 in Mawthadraishan Constituency.
Thounaojam wrote to the Union Minister of Tribal Affairs, Arjun Munda, on November 11 last year, saying that the recognition of Schedule Tribes should be who live and are in the area.
East Khasi Hills has 63 new cases and West Jaintia Hills has 24 new cases.
He said the government has a goal to improve the need to provide adequate training to the nurses so that they can provide the best service to the people.
Shillong, Lber 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today met with Union Defense Minister Rajnath Singh during his visit to Shillong today for a meeting. The Assam Rifles Headquarters in Laitkor.
In the past few days, the HYC has submitted a memorandum to the Minister of Electricity to suspend the implementation of the smart meter in the state.
Hooid! It is true that in this time and age (Science and Technology) people have improved their knowledge and we see that they have discovered and discovered many different ways of working through technology. Science that we don't think about, perhaps never used or discovered as much as in this age.
Nongstoiñ, July 21: “As the years have passed, education has increased and unemployment among the youth has increased.
He said the NPP is not afraid of the VPP because it is Prah from West Bengal and not Prah Khasi.
Adding on this, DGP LR Bishnoi said that these members who tried to revive the GNLA, used the trick of demanding money by sending messages on WhatsApp.
However, the sad thing is that the promotion has been done without adequate staff, without adequate jobs, therefore, the Government is urged to immediately provide the necessities so that the people of the area can region, District and State will benefit.
On 25th November, 2013, the Union Government through Dr GS Sonal, Additional Director, National Vector Borne Diseases Control Program (NVBDCP), Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said that MPWs should be fully appointed as the Central Government will stop supporting them until 31st October,
After this, the District authorities will issue an appropriate order.
In his explanation, he said that these days, they are conducting their business through the challans of Bah Khlur Wan, who holds a major mining licence.
You started out as a guide or tour guide and a photographer.
Ronaldo is the most awarded Ballon d'Or winner.
Of course, that date is not in writing but it is a true event as revealed in these prophecies, but we have begun to hear in these days that even Christians themselves have begun to say that they do not celebrate Christmas because it is not written! In friendly conversations between these more spiritually immersed believers they say that Christmas for themselves is always every day of life.
However, from this opinion of his also many disagree.
During the march held in Churachandpur district, it was learned that some robbers have been involved in causing trouble in many areas of the district including Bungmual, Singnat, Muallum, Mata Mualtam and others. .
A similar incident has happened in West Jaintia Hills where a tire was burnt between Thadlaskein road, 4 mer and 7 mer.
It was the French who brought the Christian faith to these areas and it was the French who ruled and persecuted their fellow believers in many ways and persecuted those who still held fast to their traditional religion. .
Not only that, there are those who have dedicated their bodies and souls to our school who are still alive and who have died,” said the statement.
The match will start from 8.00 am to 3.30 pm at two stadiums, Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai and Kiang Nangbah Govt.
The Social Welfare Department also distributed the training to the women.
Those who do not know how to translate properly into Khasi should not get jobs.
The Assam Rifles in collaboration with the Arunachal Pradesh Police on Tuesday said that during a raid by the Khonsa Batta Lion of the Assam Rifles in collaboration with the Arunachal Pradesh Police, Two members of the ULFA-I armed group have been arrested. The raid was conducted on Friday.
There were 8640 voters with 81.46% turnout and 220 invalid votes.
Meanwhile, the UDP president said the party wants to have only one candidate for the MP elections next year if possible.
He also expressed his appreciation to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District for taking the initiative to include these three persons under the 'Beti Bachao Beti Padhao' scheme. specifically the rights of girls.
These vehicles were handed over at a short meeting held at Rymbai and Sohkymphor.
This evening, when the KSU leader was released on bail, he was welcomed by his relatives, friends and leaders of the KSU, including Biangbor Paliar, Organizing Secretary, Manly. Nongpluh, Finance Secretary, Rapbor Nongrum, Publicity Secretary, Dakishan Malngiang, Assistant Office Secretary and other KSU leaders from various units and circles.
They also said that the protest will also force the Governor to sign the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act Amendment Bill 2020 and not to allow the implementation of the CAA in the state.
In North Garo Hills, there are 3 cases, one from Mendipathar cluster and 2 cases from outside.
Up to 35 precious souls have been lost in this natural disaster.
“We have received information that they will not win much in Garo Hills and I don't think they will do well in Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, Nongthymmai MDC Bah Latiplang Kharkongor said that it is time for the council to pass an official resolution on the issue of revenue allocation. from years to years will end.
Although they have received enough ration, poverty is still rampant in many families.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday inaugurated the 17th Indian Cooperative Congress under the theme 'AmritKaal: Prosperity through Cooperation for a Vibrant India' at Pragati Maidan in New Delhi.
They can trade freely without a license.
Lalruatiana Fanai from Mizoram was elected as the Speaker, Jones Ingti Kathar (Rtd IAS) was elected as the Deputy Speaker from Assam and Peter Twiprasa from Tripura was elected as the Assembly Secretary.
“She didn't complain, she didn't get sick, we just learned about this incident from the newspapers,” said Dr. Werlok.
The approved company is Schneider of France, which is based in Mysore, South India.
A vehicle that hit people at Mawlong Market.
“For our part, we have worked hard 24 hours a day to alleviate this problem,” he said.
Upon hearing the news , the NPP has started turning to Bah Rowell Lyngdoh to contest from the party in 2018 . Media reports said that the talks between the two groups are ongoing go so far.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem and Ministers in the presence of CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem and EMs, he said that the received effective support through central government schemes.
Nongpoh: Congress MLAs who are also members of the Public Account Committee (PAC), today visited Saiden village in Ri Bhoi district to inquire about the operation of the Fish Market. There is no Dohkha in Saiden.
There are also those who have tried to grow strawberries and it is good, said the Secretary.
The secretary said that if necessary, the department can sign a new agreement for the project.
His life and activities should be completely banned by the authority of the authorities.
He said the state government should not delay the implementation of the ILP as recommended by the HLC on Influx headed by former Deputy Chief Minister Bindo Mathew Lanong.
About 350 sportsmen from the state have received assistance through this scholarship for the year 2024-2
According to my experience.
Hearing a case, the High Court said that the case was taken after the Chief Justice, Justice Sanjib Bhattacharjee, received a letter dated 8th November, 2023 from the Seng Khasi. Hima Mawsynram, Mawsynram Kingdomship.
The next match will be on July 23 between Oste Phi Oiñ-B FC and Lajong FC. The Open To All Football Knockout Tournament will start soon. month of May to come now.
Brightstarwell said that there are other political parties which have stolen the wealth of the Jaitbynriew and have enriched themselves and their party but they have looked down on the VPP in They also said that the VPP means “Very Poor Party”.
K Sangma, Robinson A. Aarengh, Sonu M. Aarengh, Abmell K. Marak, in which they were able to walk freely in the villages without being arrested, even though they were suspected of being guilty of the aggravated murder of the 14-year-old.
The committee further recommended that a special share of 67 percent should be given to the villagers in the leadership in the State Legislative Assembly as well as in the Lok Sabha.
The child was rushed to Bethany Outreach Hospital for treatment, but as his condition worsened, he was taken to hospital. who is in Shillong.
The incident happened just hours after two HSPDP MLAs expressed their support to the NPP for the formation of a new government.
Of these, 17 applicants have received approval from the Central Government and are now waiting for the Geological Report before getting the Mining Lease, said the Chief Minister. The question was tabled in the Dorbar Synrai of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kharpran said that the VPP has been going around the country to campaign and speak out against the distribution of money during the elections and this is the goal of the party under the leadership of Bah Ardent. .
“When asked why Amit Shah's statement on the non-implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act, Sarma said, “Because of the opposition of many people who have brought before the Government, the “You know that the Opposition has opposed many of the new initiatives of the Modi Government including the CAA. “We will make the CAA and the rules,” said Sarma.
It is the custom and practice in democratic countries to hold elections for MLAs or MPs once every five years.
Believers coming from Nartiang to Khanduli are requested to walk from Nongjngi and when they reach Samatan they will enter the road to Mynso and park their vehicles inside the village.
Nongpoh, Nailar 14: The Urban Affairs Unit, Ri-Bhoi District in collaboration with the Nongpoh Town Committee today celebrated the 75th Anniversary of India. (L) Helpingstone Nongkseh Policeman (L) Helpingstone Nongkseh who gave his life and died in a shooting in Garo Hills to protect the people. The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall Iewmawlong.
So far, China has not withdrawn from parts of Pangong Tso and Gogra Post and has now taken back ownership of these areas.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, urging the government to consider the construction of a flyover. ) than the sky walk to reduce traffic jam on the roads in Shillong.
The CHC should have 30 beds, one OT, X-ray, Labor Room and Laboratory among others.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court has requested the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Minister of Law and Justice and the Legislative Assembly to bring the issue of Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists, Parsis, Christians, Khasis, Jaintias and Garos from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan to become Indian citizens without any questioning or request for documents from them.
Moodymmai, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 226 runs in 30.3 overs for the loss of all wickets.
The drone was recorded by Blestingjoy and the song was sung by Sokini Rymkhlem.
He said that even when other parties were joining hands with the Congress by joining hands with the government, they were still shaking hands now that the Congress was ruling alone. “It is their right now to want the Congress to rule alone,” he said.
He said that by confirming the completion of the project, the government has made it clear to the people of Garo Hills that the present government has the will that the projects should continue to benefit. the state and the people.
The signing of the 18-year-old has been a mutual benefit for the leading stars of Mumbai City.
The march started in front of the MBoSE Regional Office, Shillong and proceeded from Lachaumiere, Barik Point, IGP Point and ended at the grave of Bah Ardent. at the Parking Lot opposite the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong.
It is learned that these land grabbers, entered the forest, along with puh shilum and other earthmoving tools in Disapur.
But Jesus said that these are “only the beginning of sorrows.
When asked whether they may have been landlords who called, “They may have been, no one called me, but I was told who had been called,” he said.
For this reason, he works hard and dedicates himself, but these will be in vain if the employer who employs him does not think – lem.
On the other hand, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the state government should withdraw the recent announcement regarding the proposal to fill vacancies in the Meghalaya Police Department. The decision to reduce the age limit for applicants is unacceptable.
Therefore, in order to bring victory in the fight against COVID-19, the MLA of Jirang, urged all the village leaders to cooperate with the government, by taking care of the They should inform the law enforcement agencies if there are any people who violate the law.
Vice Chairman Shri M.K.Syiemlieh3.
“The most important thing now is to introduce a strong law to protect our people because in our opinion we cannot compromise in terms of the country and the people,” he said.
However, after the elections, we see that a change may come in which some MLAs from other parties in Rilum Khasi Jaintia will join the NPP. MLAs, and if those MLAs decide to leave for other political parties even if they have won from others, the citizens will not be able to do anything because the law allows.
On the import of plastic through packaging from companies such as chips, food items and others, Jambor said the Council will sit down to think how this can be done to stop them completely. plastic.
The 19-year-old has become a well-known health worker in the North East, where in just two years he started working as a health worker, thousands of people have been employed. multitudes flocked to be touched by him and healed.
In this place it was found that there are many wonderful monuments, because there are tombs which are well inscribed on the tombstones and these are the tombs of the mothers of the foreign rulers.
He said the NPP will soon take a decision whether or not to contest from Ranikor Constituency for the MLA election. and joined the BJP on Tuesday.
Apples are rich in pectin fibre, which is known to help reduce body weight and fat content.
? Kmie Rida asked a question and she listened and bowed her head inside.
As the Government of Meghalaya has announced a curfew in all parts of the country to combat the spread of covid-19 until 14th June, 2020, the Seng Khasi Kmie, once again Furthermore, it requests all the branches of the Seng Khasi across the Bri Hynniewtrep to follow the directions and regulations of the Central Government as well as the State Government so that we can eradicate this Coronavirus. who is like a pestilence, which has struck the whole earth.
However, there were some of the Manar who did not want to follow the Syiem, and they stayed in Nongrngoi.
“The victory should make them proud and the defeat should not be a cause for discouragement,” said Carness.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: UDP Mylliem Constituency President Hamlet Dohling today met with the Minister of PWD, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar and requested the government to to repair the Lummaw Bah road which has been badly damaged.
This is something sad.
About 600 people from all over the city and Ri-War area as well as NSS students took part in the march. Jemino Mawthoh and his children, RM Kurbah, Director Border Areas Development and other teachers of NEHU were also present. Tony Khong, Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat in the presence of Sordar Raid Nongblai.
It is through the directive of the prime minister's office,” Mevani told reporters.
Blinken later traveled to Baghdad to meet with Iraqi Prime Minister Mohammed Shia al-Sudani to discuss the invasion of US troops in the country. and in adjacent segments.
He said that many development works including roads and bridges have already been introduced to solve the problems of the people in coming and going but these works have not been completed. The meeting was held to discuss the issue of uranium mining in the state.
As a teacher of music, Babu Chosterfield said that people choose the music that they like according to their taste.
Farmers should take advantage of the government's assistance to benefit from income generation to develop their agriculture,” said the Director.
The documents have been provided by the department and the owners of the vehicles have also received the blessings of the Government Ministers to operate illegally.
In a complaint lodged at Khapmara PIC of Ri-Bhoi district, Therezia A Syiem, wife of Bah George B Lyngdoh, said that a group of men assaulted and threatened her. and he slept with his brethren that night.
“On the Arunachal side, there were some players who played well to keep the game going.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 399 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 175, Ri Bhoi with 126, West Jaintia Hills with 103 and South West with Khasi Hills 39, Eastern West Khasi Hills 34, North Garo Hills 31, South Garo Hills 18, East Jaintia Hills 22, West Khasi Hills 24 and East Garo Hills
Nongstoin: The District Magistrate has declared a containment zone for the entire New Nongstoin Market area from this moment. the law until it is announced.
“Do you agree that the Urban Affairs Department should take over the scheme from the PHE Department?” he asked.
TMC candidate from 2-Jowai Constituency Ma Awhai Andrew Shullai has confirmed the office bearers of Mukhla Pyllun at a meeting held at Highwinds Hall on Thursday.
It was also witnessed that although there was a heavy rain while Bah Ardent was giving his speech, the audience stood firmly to listen even though many of the audience come to this meeting without bringing any raincoats.
“This increase from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 5.30 lakh per patient includes even those who have just gone to get medicine under this scheme,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
However, what surprised the journalists was that even after informing the Wildlife authorities, the Forest Department officials came out without proper equipment. The Wildlife Office in Nongstoiñ has been slow in its work due to the lack of staff, so these animals are still in the hands of this man.
Shortly after, he said that the HYC today met with the SP, City, Bah Vivek Syiem to urge the police to arrest those involved in the incident.
However, he said that he will stay for a few days to go to school to get the result.
Teibok Kharbudnah and Nangsanhame Uriah scored the second goal for Khlieh Shnong FC while Sohbir FC scored the 10th goal. You're Jerry Kharkongor.
“Bah Ardent said that the VPP has won against the power of money in the last elections.
The sudden closure of the Biometric has forced the vehicles carrying stone to leave, because if they do not get the Biometric, they will not get the Forest Slip.
After this, the Principal said that CCTV footage has been captured of the robbers who tried to kidnap the son of the police chief. photograph the conspirators and perpetrators.
He said that this should be the soul of everyone and this is the request of the Khihlang.
In the Under-17 category, Mulang Ialong beat NSA 5-1
The two teams have also managed to secure a place in the semifinals this season.
Therefore, on the evening of the 24th of this month, the village has convened an Executive Committee, in order to resolve the issue, in which the village has invited both the groups, to discuss to reach an agreement, but but the call for talks by the village did not reach anywhere.
Where does God want to live? Know ye not that ye are the temple of God?
“You have not honored your own wife, so what honor will you give to the people of the country,” she said.
Earlier, in his speech, u Bah Sawkmie demanded that those who encourage children and youth to take drugs should be arrested immediately.
Not only the church members but also the family members are disappointed that a son who has completed his theological studies (the work of God) will enter politics (the work of the world).
“We are bringing in Hampshire pigs, which we have distributed to 16,000 beneficiaries across the state and we are distributing 400 or 500 pigs for each block,” he added.
Umsning MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh on Saturday inaugurated the exhibition of handicrafts at the Chief Minister Youth Centre, Saiden, Ri-Bhoi.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 271 and Tripura now has the second highest number of cases in the North East.
“In 2018, the BJP leaders came and appointed Conrad Sangma as the Prime Minister and for that reason he is just a tyngshop who has been expelled from Delhi.
From year to year, we see that the Federation of Khasi States and others have demanded that this dulir should be included in the Constitution.
Shillong: People and leaders of various political parties have flocked to the house of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta who died of injuries after being tied by people in Ichamati on Thursday.
In Meghalaya, from these two Lok Sabha seats, Shillong and Tura, when the MDA is formed with a coalition of indigenous parties, is it still doubtful that the coalition candidate will win over other Congress or BJP candidates? Do you know how the moneylenders and the moneylenders feel, because this group of moneylenders has completely changed the rule of law, because many have been won by the rich and the poor. The Election Commission of Delhi has started thinking about how to do this. group have standard.
“We trust the rule of Pa'iem Nangtei Syiemiong and we have not found any corruption or tyranny in all matters,” they said.
Shillong, July 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through its Returning Officer (RO) has announced to the entire Mylliem Hima that the office has invited all those who are eligible to contest the elections. The election will be held on or before 16th July 2023 at 12 noon with the registration fee according to the rules of KHAD. Act 2007.
Explaining about the great works that Dasakhiatbha Lamare has done, the NPP leaders said that they include the road from Umsning to Sonidan, the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai, then the road from Liarbang to Khyndewso and from Laiphewdiengngan to Umroi, which are the most important roads for Mawhati Constituency.
Of the states that have been elected today, three have joined the BJP and they are Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chattisgarh.
Similar programs were also held in Demthring, Nongrim Hills, Umpling and Rilbong.
On the other hand, the President of Mawlai Circle, Bah Kitboklang Lyngdoh, said that the HPF strongly opposes the proposal to build a shop in the area and will take all necessary measures to join hands. and merchants not to allow shops to be built there.
The villages were leveled plain and many of them were buried underground.
The Congress, which had been in power in the state under the leadership of Ashok Gehlot as Chief Minister, has now started to rise again under the leadership of Sachin Pilot and Ashok Gehlot.
It is understood that tomorrow, during the visit of BJP leaders from Delhi, there may be a discussion on this issue, in which the party leaders, who have just taken over, have been suddenly replaced. on 2nd July 2016, together with Ma Shibun, who assumed the post of President of the BJP in the State, after the removal of Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh.
An earthquake measuring 6.5 on the Richter scale struck parts of Pakistan on Tuesday, the Pakistan Meteorological Department said.
“The MDCs who defeated the ARPA will have to answer to the people,” said Bah Nongrum.
On this occasion, they demanded that the state government should declare the 1st of January as a public holiday every year as a sign of respect for the workers.
Timothy Nurse (7min), Thomas Sorsby (32min), Lee Morton (34min) and Nicholas Bandurak (54min) gave the team the lead. in the house to play more and more chess in the lympung; India's goals were scored by captain Harmanpreet Singh (14 & 43 min) and these two goals earned him the title of All-time Best. Goal Scorer' in the tournament with 35 goals.
The kidnapping and extortion of the 7trep people by the armed groups is a matter that we as the 7trep people have to take responsibility for.
Iahluti Dhar scored the goals for Kseh Sylle Ialong in the 7th minute and Niawki Phawa in the 67th minute.
Therefore, it is necessary for everyone who celebrates the New Year to examine himself whether God is pleased with life, by turning to God for forgiveness in the midst of His wrath.
Answering a question on the allocation of funds to the state, the Minister said, “DoNER has focused specifically on the states of the North East, so according to the progress of the work, DoNER will continue to allocate more funds. financial assistance.
According to the reply to the RTI, the payment to these 7 persons is as follows.
Poverty, rural migration to the city, those are the ones we see as very difficult issues," he added.
The Shad Sukra was enriched by traditional dances performed by the children of Seiñ Raij Mukhla who played the ksing, clarinet and harmonica.
The HYC has urged the law enforcement authorities to immediately investigate these people working at the Toll Gate Plaza to verify whether they are truly people who have received permission from the state employment department according to the law. To prevent various crimes and illegal activities in the state which are often committed by people who are not legally recognized as migrant workers and The union has requested the law enforcement authorities to take action and punish them according to the law if they come to work without permission from the government department. of the state.
Speaking on the occasion, u Sniawbhalang Dhar expressed his gratitude to the Seiñ Raij Ialong for organizing this annual Shad Sukra after 10 days of 'Noh Sakyriat' the religion and customs of our ancestors.
To build and restore a good relationship between the government and the media for the benefit of the state, MEPA requests Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to remove immediately remove those statements of his which you criticized the media in the Legislative Assembly that day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Cabinet meeting held today has decided to build and strengthen seven Border Out Posts and Police Stations on the border with Assam.
Those who order online are allowed until 10 pm.
If this sister had done this on her own, would the authorities or judges of the Catholic Church have listened? If you have any questions, please contact us on the basis of your opposition to this Bill.
“Starting from the fiscal month of this year, every three months in every district, block and village the government and every resident will join hands to renew the commitment to maintain cleanliness. He added that cleanliness is an important part of the indigenous people and according to the customs of India, “there are times when We have not been able to continue these customs and traditions and it is time to tell us that we need to renew and follow once again these customs and traditions of our ancestors.
Although I cannot give 100 per cent, I work as hard as I can and therefore, I feel that this is the reason why I have received the award.
Khanapa Police and district magistrates immediately rushed to the village after receiving a tip to conduct an investigation. However, these houses and shops do not fall into Meghalaya but into Assam and for that reason the Assam police have destroyed them to prevent illegal construction in the waterways which is the cause of floods in Assam.
He that destroyeth Israel destroyeth the eyes of God.
Colorful juti appeared in the streets of the rud su rok and especially in the shops of Iewduh and Khyn dailad.
The office has also announced that those who own 1000 square meters of land and have never received assistance can apply.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) has announced the schedule for the 10 teams to qualify for the Men's World Cup Qualifiers in Zimbabwe. The competition will be held in the country from 18th July to 9th November
At the same time, he expressed his desire to set up dormitories or hostels in the future for those children who live in remote areas.
He also urged the residents to take care of any benefits that come through the government and to cooperate in bringing about development.
Banjop Wahlang Secretary HSPDP Sohryngkham Area said that the meeting will be attended by Ardent M. Basaiawmoit President and other leaders of the HSPDP CEC. and at the same time to renew the Office Bearers of the Mawryngkneng Unit.
When asked about the newspaper she works for and the impact of the ejahar, she said, “I don't care about the feelings of the people” and later said, “I stand for humanity”. for the sake of human longevity).
The tournament will end on the 24th of November
“I have received only 135 votes for the first time and I have contested elections for 10 times. he NOTE".
East Khasi Hills has 171 cases, followed by West Garo Hills 57 cases and South West Garo Hills 24 cases.
Therefore, the HYC Mawlai circle urges the CE of PHE and the GSWSS to expedite the repair of these pipelines, so that the road can be improved and improved. beautiful inside the village of Mawlai.
He said the KSU has also raised other issues such as the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, the railway and others.
After winning the title of the tournament, the club has decided to hold a ceremony to honor the players on Tuesday. It was held at the Shillong Polytechnic Auditorium.
The officer of SIS Cash Service Pvt.
But that's also how long it will work.
Phukan, who headed the investigation into the incident at Mukroh, also visited Dongkamukam village, West Karbi Anglong to investigate the incident.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP Vice-President Alantry Dkhar confirmed that the General Council of the UDP will hold a meeting tomorrow at 11 am.
Bikram D. Marak, Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday congratulated the elders of Tierhsaw and said that the behavior of these elders is a good example for other villages in the state. state, because most of the time when such incidents happen, especially when the public arrests the perpetrators, the public takes the law into their own hands, by throwing bombs until they kill them. the wicked shall die.
The EM said that to make the work of the department transparent, the printing of forms has also been counted and the number of those who have collected and submitted forms.
At the meeting, which was held at the Iing Durbar of Baridua, the residents of Baridua Village, protested and in the same voice expressed their opposition to the order of the Hima Mylliem and alleged that This was done by force without any notice to the residents.
Later, after being arrested, the youths were sent back to their parents, the report said.
Mawrie said that as a Minister of State, he should talk about the development works of his department. you don't have to.
“In this regard, the VPP demands that NEHU and the State Government should not establish admission through CUET.
He concluded by saying that he wants to resolve the incident as soon as possible.
“The activities of the HNLC have decreased in recent years due to the vigilance of the security forces especially the infiltration of foreigners like Bangladesh,” he said.
That is, when I preach I don't praise or honor only my own church or religion, while others, if you listen and pay attention carefully, you will find that they refer to the honor of my own church or religion. .
He said the BJP has now gained a seat in the North East, speaking at the National Executive Meeting held in Hyderabad on Friday.
On 21st March, the KSU took seven decisions after discussing the Standstill Agreement, the Instrument of Accession, the Annexed Agreement and the Sixth Schedule and these measures to preserve the culture of indigenous peoples. and to comply with the laws and policies of the Central Government.
Thus, the revenue of the Central Government from petrol and diesel could reach Rs 2,75,000 crore in addition to the revenue of Rs 2,15,000 crore that was not received in the year before October.
In this regard, the opposition on Friday demanded that the discussion on other issues should be suspended and that the issues related to Manipur should be discussed thoroughly. The government has agreed to shorten the discussions on the issue of Manipur.
“I would like to clarify here that there has been no discussion and as a responsible leader who has been elected four times to the House, I do not encourage or participate in the use of illegal channels to attract what will be a democratic election," she said.
Athletes from four states of the North East including Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Tripura and 40 from Meghalaya took part in the tournament.
You, too, may have “brain rest" issues.
When asked about the demand that the Reservation Policy and Roster System should be discussed at the All Party Meeting, the Minister said, “At the meeting we held on Tuesday, Friday and tomorrow. On Thursday, our discussion will be focused on the Roster System and we will not discuss anything on the Reservation Policy”.
Screening centers have been set up at Thadlaskein Entry Point for those who enter East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
Besides, Bah Saiñkupar said that the State Government's threat to immediately shut down the MCCL is just a ploy to change the course for other projects.
Since 2017 until this year, the Seng together with the village authorities has been visiting the office of Bah FM Dopth DC, East Jaintia Hills District. Hills.
When asked whether the election of the UDP President will depend on the number of paid or on the wisdom of the leaders to elect a person, Dr. Jemino said that the election of the President of the UDP will depend on the number of candidates. He recalled that in the past few days in Lum Garo, he had made it clear that the UDP is a big party and the leadership belongs to the UDP. If the people want to change, they cannot say anything and the leaders need to elect a person who is suitable to lead the party no matter who it is.
Now, we are building roads in Assam and we don't want to take even an inch of Mizoram,” he said.
Because how can you keep the body in the house?
One person has been shot dead in Assam on November 12, 2019 and another has been shot dead in Assam. truck, in which the driver died in the fire.
However, even if you don't go to school, you don't want to go.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Central Body has sent a letter to BJP President Amit Shah during his visit to Shillong, expressing three issues. He said that the BJP government will address the issues of the people in the state.
The registration fee is T.700 per group and for more information please call 8794507560/ 6909085795/
A truck carrying too much rnga has hit an electrical sign near CMJ Breweries at Rajabagan in Byrnihat area on Sunday morning. He said that the road has been completely destroyed and many other smaller electricity posts have been destroyed due to the power outage which has left many villages in darkness without electricity since Friday.
Shillong, Lber 19 : The National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) and Sniawbhalang Dhar have expressed their confidence that the National People's Parliament (NPP) candidate Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh will win from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. on June 19, 2024.
Mr. Direst is the only breadwinner of the whole family.
Para 3 of the Resolution dated 12.01.1972 states that in one Recruitment Year, or recruitment year, if no recruitment can be made from any group receiving the recruitment, If the group's income for that year is less than 0.5, then 1 part shall be counted, if the share reaches
This decision was taken after the failure of the NPP-led MDA Government to curb the Assam-Meghalaya border crossing at Khanduli village.
If we don't want to use the word Municipal, there are other ways to create these ULBs. The first is for the State Government to amend the Municipality Act. in accordance with our needs and the areas under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
When asked whether any drivers of commercial vehicles from Shillong to Guwahati have been arrested by the Assam police for extortion and other activities, the President of KHTTA said, “When they don't come to inform or complain to us, we cannot do anything to help them if the police make a mistake".
However, most of them are busy workers, who arrive late at the offices, when the word office does not mean only those who work in government offices, but also those who work in the offices of private companies, churches and voluntary organizations. (NGO), when they arrive late, they complain that they are too busy at home, that they are in traffic jams, that their children are suffering.
Shillong: The Congress candidate from Tura, Saleng A Sangma, has admitted that he will win the Lok Sabha MP elections.
Recently, three bodies were recovered from Mrigre village in West Garo Hills district.
The growth of prayer and prayer.
The report said that during the inspection in East Jaintia Hills, it was found that there was a dumping of coal that had just been mined on the highway near Don Bosco College and also behind the College in Byndihati. .
Shillong: There have been 67 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
She said that the next morning after her resignation, her resignation appeared in the headlines of all the newspapers, but she said that some of Rahul's close friends Gandhi, who called journalists and said that her resignation was not for working within the party.
These are the figures provided by the government, but it is estimated that the death toll may exceed 50 percent of what has been estimated so far.
That is why he said – “That's why I'm near.
The 30th Anniversary Celebration and the football tournament was scheduled to be held in 2020 but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it had to be postponed to Saturday.
"Facebook Link :The participants of this Panel Discussion on the Reservation Policy are as follows:1
Although the government has warned to punish those who increase the price of beverages, the law has not been anything in front of the robbers.
Even 48 hours before they joined the NPP, they were saying to return to the party,” said Bah Embhah.
We see that this is happening not far from us but plastic has covered our rivers, the Umkhrah, Umshyrpi, Umkhen and the streams have turned into streams.
The KSU has urged the DC to take action to provide proper electricity for the benefit of the consumers.
“We have received information that the government intends to release the remaining amount (to the JHADC) of T.36 crore,” said Shiwat.
Due to the disrespectful behavior of the union, the union immediately left the room of the director of NEIGRIHMS, along with a tablecloth and broke some ïit, besides threatening to close your office immediately.
However, he said that most of the time when the ethnic parties unite, it is the HSPDP that does things wrong and does not want to unite. He recalled that in 1984, 9 MLAs and 2 MDCs left the HSPDP because Bah Hoping turned his back on the party. At that time, he said that the ethnic parties had tried to unite by forming the HPU, but Bah Hoping did not succeed.
Is this action of the Meghalaya Government to sign the MoU and Agreement against the IOA & AA and the Sixth Schedule?” the HYC asked the Government in a statement sent by the General Secretary. Bah Roy Cooper Synrem.
The bus driver, Mustafa, and his companion, Matur Rahman Akanda, who are Bangladeshi citizens, were arrested from the scene.
If the factory is in Byrnihat or Lumshnong, the youth from Shillong or Nongstoin will not be able to get jobs in these factories.
In Pool H, they have Tpep Pale, Mooknor Thadmuthlong and Lion.
The High Court will hear the case on 13th November,
The HSPDP has appointed Ardent Basaiawmoit as President of East Khasi Hills, General Secretary Bah Rumnong Professor of Sankardev College and Dr Paul Dkhar as Publicity Secretary. u Doctor of Nazareth Hospital.
Appealing to the people not to listen to rumors about the leaders, Bah Basaïawmoit said there is no difference of opinion and the leaders are one as a party.
On the Sixth Scheduled Bill 2015, the Government of India through the Union Cabinet has approved the Amendment to the Sixth Scheduled Bill 2015 for the 10 North East Autonomous Councils.
He said that there are some government schools and higher secondary schools which have to appoint principals, but this work has been stalled for five years and the MPSC has taken a lot of responsibility. and so to ensure that there is no delay in the appointment process we have started a new board to transform the recruitment processes.
Nongstoiñ, June 28: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah LG Nongsiej, who is also the MDC of Nongstoin Constituency today laid the foundation stone of the Ebenezer School. English School is located in the village of Langlew.
She also directed the government and police authorities to ensure that illegal coal mining is not allowed until another order is issued.
Know that God sees and hears when you pray to anyone anywhere.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal.
He said that Mawphrow is one of the villages which has improved rapidly in the area in terms of development due to the skills of the leaders and the unity of the people, and the Village Organization in this village is one of the VO The VO has taken over the Processing Unit and hopes that it will continue to improve the work they do especially in the production of Sohtrun, many of the members of the SHGs have completed various trainings.
“Yes, I love you, but I do it once in a while.
This is a great truth, because God sees the Truths.
However, when we examined their implementation methods, we found that they had been short-lived.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Friday admitted that many young people have joined the party and are ready to change history.
They also discussed the border issue between the State and Assam.
Achanta Sharath Kamal (WR 51) and Asian Games bronze medalist Sathiyan are one of India's leading table tennis stars. Gnanasekaran (WR56) is among four players from the country who have been reinstated for the fourth season of the Ultimate Table Tennis (UTT).
The company's announcement comes after the Indian government announced that those 18 years of age and above will be able to get the injection from June.
Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Assistant Publicity Secretary, Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskein Circle on Tuesday met with Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State Government at Circuit House Jowai. Laskein C&RD Block should be upgraded to Civil Sub Division.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Rimuliang Circle, Bah Distarborlin Wanniang, said that at 3:30 pm today, the Assam police released these Khasi youths.
“Months and months have passed and it was scheduled to reopen in June 2021, but the disease has spread again, but last month the government announced to open today in the fourth round, the new District has been elected today.
Handle said that since the NGT coal ban, they have faced difficulties in their livelihood as the trucks have lost their income.
Speaking on November 7, Bah Lambokstarwell said he doesn't have much to say because the owners of the business speak better, but as a citizen he sees from outside that the actions of the Indian government are like you are doing arsa.
The floods may intensify in the coming days and times, and the Umïam or Leshka Dam will become a sightseeing spot.
“About 80% of our people live on agriculture.
Nitin, actor Kumud Mishra and actress Divya Dutta have arrived in Shillong to take part in the three-day film festival which starts tomorrow.
The winners of the marathon in the men's category were Monas Bongrung, Lapynkhraw Thabah in second place and Bansinglang Marngar in third place. In the women's category, Barisha Khymdeit won the first prize, Sildaris Makri came second and Inocent Lamare came third.
He questioned how the central government through its laws can not own the land of the state owners and give it to companies because in this state, there is a special status of the land of the state. private individuals.
However, those suggestions alone are not enough.
The KSA has elected Bah HO Mawrie and Bah Bhiren Sing Thangkhiew as its President and General Secretary.
Although the Lakadong shynrai has begun to make a good name for itself, in terms of marketing it, it is difficult and difficult, just because of the lack of good roads. The price of transportation from farms to factories is increasingly increasing.
Lensbirth N Marak scored 41 runs to help Tura DCA win the U-19 Inter tournament by 12 runs. District Cricket Tournament.
He said that since the government has recognized Mwphanlur as a beautiful tourist destination, never once has the Director or officers of the Tourism Department come to visit the tourist destination. to allocate funds for further decoration.
The Kur has also warned those who do not do anything or give their jait to anyone else that they will have to answer before the Dorbar Kur or they will be punished according to the rules and regulations of the Kur, said a statement from Bah Ialamlin Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien. Secretary, Dorbar Committee, Priest Committee.
To this day, when they eat in the house, they don't use a table or a chair; and they sat down on the ground.
The village leaders said that if these villages are included in the Census Town list, it means that they will lose many development projects especially in relation to the PHE department or the water supply department. , but when they heard this speech at the meeting, it touched their hearts, because these villages although they have fallen under the Census Town, but in terms of development works they will get the same as they used to. get.
Those who have contracted the disease should send their last greetings to all their family members.
Nongpoh, March 21: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, Western Zone has demanded that the government should not appoint teachers on duty, but should appoint other employees of various government departments rather than teachers in this election. to come.
The Minister is considering setting up more such special training centers in Arunachal, Mizoram or another one here in Meghalaya.
The MDC of Rambrai Constituency, said that if the Kulsi Dam project is approved, it will affect more than 33 villages in the area. They strongly oppose the proposal to build this dam in this area, because this is an area where there is no difference of opinion and if they allow the construction of this dam, the benefits will go to the government. The State of Meghalaya and the Council will not benefit from this project and this project will also affect the environment as well as the drinking water supply as a whole.
While the people are waiting for the counting of votes to determine the winners, the big question is, which party will get the most MLAs after the counting of votes.
However, Inter Milan have been placed in a tougher group of European powerhouses Bayern Munich and Barcelona.
NCM members who came to participate included from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh.
He said he has also discussed with legal experts whether there are any rules that can be appealed to the court.
Shillong, Jymmang 31 : UDP Adviser Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday said that even though he has not been in politics for 20 years, Prestone Tynsong Dy. to President Rule".
There are 1812 in all.
As the saying goes, “Youth are the future of the country and the nation”, it is up to us to decide what kind of future we want for the country and the nation.
Although she stayed in Madras to pursue further higher studies, she was one who was on the list of those trying to promote traditional food from the region.
“The players of Lajong have worked very hard in this game.
It is also very difficult for the people to meet the leaders or even to talk on the phone to express their problems because they cannot just take the phone calls of the small towns.
Nongpoh: Three children under 12 years old from Pahamrioh village were injured and admitted to Nongpoh Civil Hospital after being hit by a small vehicle. While they were on their way, they were on the NH-6 Ri Bhoi.
He said that the Dorbar has taken this decision to prevent any exploitation which could escalate the conflict.
The visit of CM Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council came after the shooting death of five residents of Mukroh and one forest guard of Assam on 22nd November
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, Bah Sadon, who is also the President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), said that the HNLC leaders together with Ksiang on the part of the Government , Bah Peter Dkhar, a retired government officer, have met three times to discuss the peace talks.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India, based in Upper Shillong, has warned that heavy rainfall will continue in the next 24 hours.
At the Administrative Unit, Patharkhmah, Comingone Ymbon of Shangpung Hima, Laskein C&RD Block will unfurl the flag.
In the batting, Meghalaya managed to score only 96 runs for the loss of nine wickets.
Teachings, or Bible studies, are means of helping us spiritually.
And this shows what happened as foretold in God's Word at Isaiah 14:2
The MDA government includes the NPP, UDP, PDF, BJP, HSPDP, NCP and independent MLAs.
The BJP on Tuesday promised to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) across the country if it is re-elected to form a new government after the Lok Sabha MP elections.
“In the recent police recruitment, about 80 per cent opted to become Commando policemen, which means they want to go into the forest.
We should not be deceived by half-hearted promises and favours.
“We have urged the CEM that the chiefs of Ri Bhoi District under the jurisdiction of KHADC should give village titles only to the indigenous people which means only to the Khasi,” said Bah Kitboklang.
He said that there was an elderly man who said that on the village roads and on the village roads especially in the more remote areas where children are growing up and even those who are young are playing mobile games.
Between the women's and men's teams, Little Star Football Academy won the match but in the final, Little Star Football Academy won. Mairang VidyaJoti Inclusive Sec School beat Mairang VidyaJoti Inclusive Sec School 4-0 while the men's match was very interesting between the two teams although Donggate played poorly. In the first half and in the second half, Rahjingshai couldn't support the players and before the end of the first half, Donggate scored 2 goals. Rahjingshai beat Donggate SSCC 2-0 at the end of the first half.
According to the documents submitted in the tender, the population of Meghalaya is about 36 lakh and 80 per cent of the population lives in rural areas. They lack the opportunity to go to government offices if they encounter problems.
It was also in that year that a church was built at Builth in the Brecon District, and that church was the first church built by the Welsh Presbyterians. In many parts of South Wales, there has been a widespread violence and violence throughout North Wales...From the poor people...hundreds of thousands of dollars have been stolen.
He said that at that time he arrested them to investigate and asked them from which village they came from and they said that they came from Shillong.
Khliehriat, Nailar 14: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) Nongkhlieh Circle on Monday submitted a petition to the MLA of Nongkhlieh Circle, Kong Santa Mary Shylla. The Seng said that after the formation of East Jaintia Hills District in 2012, the residents of Nongkhlieh Hills District, EJHD The villagers of Nongkhlieh Elaka have expressed their hope to see the development, improvement in health, education, employment and other development projects, but this has not happened. long faithfully as expected.
The MSSASA leader expressed his gratitude to the State Government and especially to the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma for taking the initiative to implement the demand for the establishment of the Meghalaya State Education Commission (MSEC). education in the whole of Meghalaya.
The police force itself has been cooperating with the public in many such cases.
In a statement, BJP State President Rikman G. Momin said, “This discrimination must be condemned by all aspects of society.
Not only that, the BJP will start campaigning first from South Tura Constituency which is the home of Conrad Sangma.
 As an elector you should not take authority over yourself without asking the Lord of your body and soul whom to elect because you need a clean conscience to elect your MLA now.
The match will be played at 4 pm and the spectators will be free except for those who wish to watch from the higher seats.
The UDP and PDF supported the elections because they understood that they could not form a government without enough numbers.
Shillong, June 20: The High Powered Committee (HPC) of the State Legislative Assembly has approved the construction of a new roundabout at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong Township.
At the same time, Wapungskur Shnong Deolangki Dkhar, Wapung Shnong Shnong Kduplang Ryngkhlem, Mukhaialong Shnong Shnong Hundred Phawa, Pamra Paithlu, Loving Chyrmang and former MDCs were also present. They include Bah Helping Phawa, Bah Sevenborn Dkhar, Bah MH Dkhar, from Wapung and other elders from different villages of 6-Khliehriat Constituency. Justine Dkhar, who was a strong supporter of the former MLA, who spoke at the meeting, urged Justine Dkhar to join hands with Kyrmen Shylla.
Sohra College is a student.
In a short period of time, the Yatra has been a success with more than 1.6 crore citizens taking the Sankalp to work for Vikasit Bharat before
“From now on, we will start providing scholarships to all the youngsters who have various sports talents so that they can develop in the field of sports,” he said. 26-year-old from Mawthadraishan Constituency at the awarding ceremony of the Santosh Trophy which came second in the Santosh Trophy on Tuesday at Ïewrynghep Stadium in Laitumkhrah.
Not only that the people have grown intellectually, but at a meeting in Umpung, I was surprised by an older man, who knew even the news of the world.
At the same time, the Lympung supported the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) which has opposed the new tax of the SMB. Shillong so that they can take into consideration and do something on this issue,” said Prof War.
In the past, the production of sohñiamtra in the riwar area reached hundreds of trucks per season, and was exported to Bangladesh across the border from Dawki but now it is not only sold in the village markets or to Shillong. and he suffered more, because he had no more fruit.
To inform the public, the Anti-Rabies Vaccine (Anti-Rabies Vaccine) is currently being conducted in all dispensaries and hospitals of the AH& Veterinary Department. ïong the state ïong i.
The complaints also said that two women from the family were raped and tortured, while two men from the same family were killed while trying to protect the women.
The Minister expressed her gratitude to the Social Justice and Empowerment Department of the Government of India for allocating funds to assist the government department. There are no members in this state.
Father George Maliekal SDB said that there is a need to increase the number of such schools as there are more and more people who want to follow Jesus.
However, it is sad to think that we do not understand this truth.
Please take action. Please take action.
If they want to politicize this issue by creating religious or ethnic differences, they should refrain from interfering with our work but they should resolve their differences within their own states,” said the HYC.U leader. “The Hynniewtrep people have not forgotten that it is the Bengalis and Non-Tribals who have destroyed the Khasi National Making Dorbar since 1947 onwards. The tribal states, they demand a Union Territory for Shillong to be separated from Meghalaya, they have filed a case to abolish the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation to the Supreme Court, they have opposed the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act. It is clear that these are the ones who have been promoting the demand for ILP and other national security laws in Meghalaya from time to time.
After about seven hours of protest, the Additional Deputy Commissioner, WJH, CS Laloo came to talk to the student leaders Kiang Nangbah and after talks with the District Head, the KNGCSU decided to suspend the protest. temporarily to their protests.
Because God speaks plainly by saying – If you reject the knowledge (God's laws) I will also reject you, because you have forgotten the commandments of your God, I will forget your children. (inheritance) of you.
It is from this venue that many badminton and table tennis players have come to appear and shine for the state especially when they go abroad.
The House also urged the villages, civil society, Dorbar Shnongs and everyone to ensure that the people who have fled into Meghalaya, especially from Manipur, should leave when the protests have subsided.
Bun that talks nonsense.
God created and it is wonderful.
The program was attended by the District School Education Officer, RTK Sangma, SDSEO of Dadenggre, ED Sangma and other Government officials of the Education Department.
When we get our own State of Hynniewtrep, we must also remember the proper boundaries as set and marked by the Ñi u Kong and our ancestors since ancient times.
When asked about this, Bah Rani said that the department has not provided any sufficient information regarding how much money has been spent on the treatment of drug addicts in the state.
He said that as the RTI has revealed the corruption in the MGNRGS scheme, the state government has remained silent on all these even though there have been times when these groups have been threatened and evicted. .
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 5: Three more candidates from two constituencies of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 5, have completed their nomination papers before the Returning Officer for the election. The next election will be held on the 27th of this month.
Here he sits as a judge to judge his leaders, the organizations that offer themselves to work for the good of the nation and the Rit and there he decides what he has found.
His visit was to preach and share the Gospel and his spirituality among the Christians in Ri Khasi.
The purpose of this ceremony is to thank the Creator and the Lei Shnong-Lei Raij for the blessings received and also to pray that they will protect the village from the tyrut ka smer. , sickness, suffering, disease and thanksgiving of this age and also to pour out more blessings on the village and kingdom so that peace and prosperity will reign in all aspects.
Besides the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Children's Affairs Minister Kiren Rijiju, DoNER Minister Dr. Jitendra Singh, Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, Home Secretary, Chief Secretaries of the States were also present. The Minister of Home Affairs said that a strong and close cooperation between the Central Government and the State Governments is essential to curb terrorism in the region and the country.
In North Garo Hills, there are 7 cases, of which 6 are high risk contacts and one is a foreigner.
Shillong: In the past few days, we have published a news, regarding the suspension of the Pastor Rangbah of the Presbyterian Church, while speaking at a service in Lawbyrtun and for more information. Rupang spoke to Pastor PWL Marwein on his mobile phone today to understand more clearly what he said at the service, which prompted the Moderator to suspend the meeting. to your speech.
Joydeepan Deb (25), Nishanta Chakraborty (19) and Arien B Sangma (15) were the three players who scored runs for Meghalaya.
We need to take the necessary measures as much as we can, how can we do it, we cannot just turn away from the people, we have to consult and talk to them by explaining to them, how to move forward and take them. options after the event.
Meghalaya is suffering because the people in power are selfish and the people have elected them not because they are not good at ruling but because they are not able to use money and other things. campaign during elections.
Because drugs give only temporary happiness, otherwise only problems will come to overwhelm their lives.
The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) East Jaintia Hills Branch has become a good Samaritan by showing mercy and helping many people with food items, tins of dewbilat soap. A woman was arrested in East Jaintia Hills District.
The delegation led by the President KL Pariat together with its members in the presence of the General Secretary of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills Bishar Shylla, SDO PHE Electrical Roskil Challam visited the site. The dam of the Umkor Project rings from the Umngot River.
The Committee was appointed from 29th November 2021 and was tasked to investigate the records of MeECL, the income and loss of employees, the management of MeECL and also the working methods of the three companies. Its branches are Meghalaya Power Generation Corporation Ltd (MePGCL), MePTCL and MePDCL.
Whether it is from the political parties or civil society, the comments are not very different, whether they are right or wrong, because the comments were made without knowing and seeing the provisions of the UCC Bill.
During the Indian Independence War, most of the people of India did not know what democracy was.
This has destroyed their future,” said Kynsai.
He prepared the sum, cleaned and worked faster than in the past.
According to Bah Banteidor, the government, which has recently taken over, has not hesitated to resolve this issue and will try its best to resolve it within three months.
“Only development can bring victory in the states,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma. To bring about that, what is needed is for the people to give their right hand and left hand to win the candidate. The TMC has been able to achieve all its objectives and not like the present government which has promised to provide development works but has promised without being able to implement.
The FKJGP leaders said that they have given 10 days to these foreigners to submit their documents and if these foreigners cannot submit their documents, the FKJGP will take them. and others were stronger.
Acting Vice Chairman Samla Trekilak Lakiang welcomed the participants and especially the Martin Luther Christian University and St. Edmund's University. College of Social Work Department who were invited and also the Ilead who took the right hand and left hand to make this successful meeting.
Kyrshan Blah said that East Jaintia District District has not had an MVI for more than a year and this has improved the working methods of the DTO in terms of works for the needs of the people. the people of the district.
“Over the years, Bah Brian and his team have discovered more than 1700 crematoria in Meghalaya and have promoted Meghalaya in the field of crematoriums in around the world.
The NEC has already released T.798.73 crore.
“The Argentine FA has informed us for the friendly, but it is not possible to cover the high costs.
More than 1500 athletes from 35 states and UTs besides the army have participated.
At that time, the owner of the house was on his way to the neighbour's house, but when he came back, he saw that the house had burnt down. for not turning off the light that burned that night.
When inquired, he said that 80 percent of the Khasi residents in Assam live in forest areas and pay taxes to the government and 20 percent own land.
According to reports, Christians in Pakistan went to hold prayers and worship as usual even though at this time they had to sit on rubble and lyngkhot-lyngkhai. the church having been damaged in the past few days.
They said that those who came after Bah Goldenstar did not find anything wrong with the Rangbah Shnong, because they understood that it was the mistake of Bah Khongwar, but only Bah. Goldenstar, who touched the Rangbah Shnong and tried to put the Rangbah Shnong in his car, with the intention of kidnapping him, they added.
The Riwar Mihngi Social Welfare and Sports Association (RMSW&SA) is one of the oldest associations in the Riwar Mihngi region.
Hato, on which side do you stand now?
In a photo posted on the Congress party's Twitter account, party leaders from Meghalaya and Rahul Gandhi were seen.
This exhibition not only opens the door to the exhibition of these products, but also highlights the hard work and dedication of the farmers.
There will also be a variety of games and a lucky draw for the guests.
On the other hand, Lumkshaid Youth Wing has sent a complaint to the SP of East Khasi Hills.
Have you heard that those who have received Aadhaar in Khasi Hills have increased? The Bible says that the mark of the wild beast will be received only on one place, that is, on the forehead or on the right hand.
According to Agnes, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) rules allow the private sector to borrow only at the rate of T.3 per cent.
He said that there is no longer any restriction on goods vehicles and people in these vehicles and there is no need for special permission for these trips.
He said that the city does not have specialist doctors.
The CM team has conducted raids in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Delhi.
Furthermore, KSUPKBUHT said that the expert lawyers of the Supreme Court have pointed out that the land within the boundary of the Khasi Hima through Article 263 since 1987 and Why doesn't the state government follow up on this issue from the previous governments and even the present government?
If we have competent and honest leaders who can bring about a system of governance to protect the rights of the people, we have no reason to fear and no one can Meghalayans are not allowed to increase their income.
ISIS militants attacked a base in Deir-al-Zor province last month and kidnapped 130 families, including people from the United States, Europe and other countries. other spirits.
In these days, Mawphor has found that more than half of the villages in the district are still struggling to maintain the livestock farming such as cows, ki goats, cows and pigs to support their households and improve their income.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 45286 out of which 39919 have recovered and 780 have died.
Damehun Syih scored the first goal for Nangkiew in the 85th minute.
If the votes of Jrop and Leston are counted together, the Congress will win as Dr Donkupar Roy defeated Leston by hundreds of votes.
Urging the state government to take action on the tourism industry, the Governor said the state government should take more action than it has done now to promote the tourism industry because there are many branches of the country don't have money if the tourism industry increases.
Former Union Children's Minister Shiv Pratap Shukla will be sworn in as the new Governor of Himachal Pradesh while Rajendra Vishwanath Arlekar will be sworn in as the Governor of Bihar.
Father Felix Matta was born on November 26, 1910 in Buttigliera d'Asti, Italy.
“We met Phermeki Salahe on the 9th June, 2022 at our office in Lad Rymbai.
I am very pleased with this statement of yours because it agrees well with me and now I agree with the statement of Ex-Rev Langrin.
“The party has unanimously decided to strengthen the party and to renew all the office bearers in order to get power in the 2018 elections. to renew all the office bearers of the 39 primary units,” said Bah Marwein.
So far, only the Nongkhnum Dewlynnong has been implemented by the Tourism Department in collaboration with the Government.
The Meghalaya government should also help the people in the area to escape from the violence of Assam.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “This is in line with our policies to create jobs in the IT sector. and to achieve this we have provided incentives of T.3000 to the jobs created and created by the State Government and this is up to T.15,000, on a first come first served basis. .
There were also residents who informed the Seng that there are villages where the contractors have received a Completion Certificate which shows that they have completed all the works related to the distribution of water. , but in such a village, there are still households where the water does not reach every household.
Syllad spokesperson from East Jaintia Hills said that the turnout was orderly and in many places it was found that many women turned out to exercise their right to elect a legislator who new in their respective constituencies.
Four MDCs from the Congress and four from the UDP have joined the BJP. Four MDCs from the UDP are Ma Lakhon Biam, Chairman of JHADC, Ma Dawan Lyngdoh, Ma Dawan Lyngdoh, Chrisson Langstang and Treylang Suchiang.
The buyers said that the coal factories take coal and oil from the state but these minerals enter the companies without paying taxes to the government and this is due to the lack of tax collection gate of the government in access roads to factories oil companies.
There will also be people from 36 constituencies who will attend the ceremony.
Bah S.Nongdhar was elected as the Acting President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Hynniewtrep.
Police have charged them under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act 1985 and taken them to the police station for further investigation.
To manage the project, the government has set up the Meghalaya Piggery and Livestock Development Society to oversee and implement the project.
The President said the North East has a 5,300 kilometer long border with other countries and therefore the region is very important.
“Why has he been silent on this issue for eight years, during the rule of Dr Mukul Sangma? Why now? He asked a question.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Six months after the climb of Lum Sohpetbeng, members of the Lum Sohpetbeng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie today visited the Lum Sohpetbeng Committee. sacred.
Leaders of the Taxi Drivers Association were angry with the behavior of other hotels and Pinewood Hotel especially as it is a hotel under the jurisdiction of the government as this behavior has affected their income.
During the raid, the RPF also arrested 9 children and a woman who had fled their homes.
Out of the 36 candidates, 12 are new and 3 of them are under 40 years of age.
“If the BJP cannot decide even after several months of discussions, I have decided to give my full support to Andrew Shullai candidate for AITC from Jowai Constituency,” said Madon. He has not joined any party since he left the NPP in November 2019 as a member of the party.
“When I come from a poor family, I understand the problems faced by the people in their journey and especially in terms of the farmers whose crops such as synsar have declined. the price is low," he said.
These schools are requested to respond by July 9,
“We are pleased to be able to open this new office at Shillong Technology Park.
Therefore, I hope that God will not cease to pray for my life in God, so that I may live in His will. Lord You are.
“On the other hand, the party does not agree that such committees should be at the Subdivisional Level as this will not bring about reconciliation between the Border Guard Force and the residents of the border villages,” he said. Publicity Secretary of WJSU in a statement sent to the media.
In the U-16 category, Dangiaidlynti Tmung of Ri-Bhoi District won the title of the best player in the boys category after scoring 736 points. Sibilda Maring of the district has scored 668 points.
In the past few days, this reporter has spoken to some of the elders of several villages like Mawkhap, Sohramlep, Nongmawleiñ and others, where they have expressed their concern about the lack of roads. vehicles, which has put tremendous pressure on transportation and transportation.
On the other hand, the Rumnong clan has the Binong, Damnong, Lawrinong, Janong and Lanong clans.
The four villages where various programs have been conducted by the World Vision India Ri Bhoi ADP include Kyrdem, Mawkyrdep, Umket, Mawpun and Mawbsein villages in Bhoirymbong C&RD Block.
More than 300 runners from all over the country took part in the Guwahati Stadium Run which was held in Assam.
Jowai: The School Managing Committee of Panaliar Secondary School today honored the students who passed well in the examination. The results of the SSLC examination of MBoSE were announced last month.
At the same time, he also released a souvenir which lists all the names of the office bearers and members of the Club along with its activities in these 50 households.
However, the DC, Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, denied these false allegations and said that there are no such allegations but all these are unfounded rumors.
The aim is to make Shillong clean and beautiful to attract the people.
Therefore, the police department has sent police teams to patrol the area and to search for the suspect to arrest and investigate the cause of the violation.
He said that the government has tried its best to make the people aware that this disease can be cured by taking medicines.
The MLA said that the funds for the JJM scheme come from the Government of India which has been sent to the State Government and the State Government has distributed it to different districts to distribute water to the villages in urgent need. .
There will also be 100 laptops for higher secondary school students.
Khliehriat, June 01: The flooding of many parts of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills has caused problems to the traffic.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai has lodged a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court against the State Government, the Commissioner and Secretary of the Urban Affairs Department of the State Government. Jowai Municipal Board and others.
The Constitution of India itself speaks clearly of equality for all citizens of India from the highest (President of India) to the lowest.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there is no mining or smuggling of uranium from Meghalaya and the government stands firm not to allow this.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner said that he does not agree with the proposal to move the Civil Hospital to MCH.
According to reports, a well-known US billionaire, Thomas Lee, committed suicide inside his office in Mahattan on Friday.
The ECP has already announced that 13th November will be the deadline for the filing of nomination papers, verification and verification of all election related matters.
Besides, he urged the residents to focus on peace and order.
The Minister said that through these centres, they will provide many benefits especially the distribution of nutritious food items to children under 8 years of age and also to pregnant women with the aim of combating the shortage of food items. malnourished and immature children.
He said that when issuing any NoC, the Dorbar Shnong must have two or more signatories and that is after the approval of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar.
After a while she left the house in anger and decided to go to Lanosha's house but when she reached the ground floor she had to come back because her sister had come home.
Furthermore, the Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) has announced that the price of alcohol has been changed.
To date, there are about 5000 shops in the market and half of these 2500 shops are owned by foreigners, while the shops are owned by Khasi.
The District Election Officers and Returning Officers have been authorized to look into this and if found to be in violation of this Act in the areas under their supervision they will be punished.
We will look at each other, we will blame each other, in the end, we have to look at each other,” said Bah Robertjune.
The 6th Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament will start in June.
Let us look at that verse: “Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil.
Tomorrow, the match will be between Pynthorlangtein SC and Lion Sports & Youth Affairs at 3.00 pm.
He said that there are households who should have received the PMAY scheme from the MGNERGS scheme, but the money has not reached the households who should have benefited.
The duty of the media is to expose the shortcomings in the governance of the country, to point out with evidence the corruption in various government departments.
Ashok Kumar Singh on 26th October
In his short speech, u Bah Shaining Shylla, said that in fact the government should have looked after such schools where the children really need support and assistance, but the government has just Therefore, the organization in a spirit of sympathy has left to donate school supplies to the children of the school in Mookhep.
Programme: Social work - means work for the development of society.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem today appointed the EMs of KHADC. They have been appointed to the most important departments such as the Trade Department, the Forest Department, the Revenue Department and others.
Habanjop showed his skills after completing a goal in 2.91 seconds in the 20m race which broke the record of the international global benchmark. for 3 seconds.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat Lumpyrtuh Secondary School 1-0 in the Under-14 Boy's category.
Shillong: A book entitled “Bah Remy Gius Phankon” written by Stacey Rozetta Nongbri was launched by Fr Edwin Kahit, Parish Priest Pynursla on 11th July
Shivansh Awasthi, IAS, Joint Secretary, Executive Director, MSSDS was the chief guest and Memorial Khongkai, SDO, MSSDS was the chief guest and Michael Thongni, Chief Executive Officer. Director, NeIPS.This project is part of the government's mission called Skills Meghalaya, funded by MSSDS to train young people who are in the process of creating employment opportunities. kajih through the sap.
“We must think about tomorrow, because they are the future generations, even though our state has turned 50 years old but there is nothing to ensure the future of the future generations. “It is for this reason that I am here to urge the government to take action for the youth,” he said.
Self-righteousness is also one of the main reasons why they stay alone.
“The distribution of T-Shirts for Shillong residents will be held from the 26th at the SSA Stadium in Polo from 1 pm to 5 pm.
Thus, the Riewpaidbah who feel confused in such situations, are happy to be neutral (not taking sides).
Clifford said that although he showed his ID as an MLA, the gatekeepers did not allow him to enter the Main Secretariat.
“Their homes...were burned, cars, belongings...were stolen, especially the burning of churches as reported in the media.
' The old man said, 'Hey! Don't worry, there's a Pastor in the darkest room.
Meghalaya will play against Chandigarh on Tuesday.
The date of the screening will have to be discussed with the owner of the Bijou cinema and will be announced through the newspapers, he added.
The incident occurred on the property of Marylis Mawrie of Diengiong Mawdiangdiang village.
She also urged that the petrol companies should be called to discuss the problems they are facing.
This was announced in a statement by Bah PM Nongsteng, Secretary of the Seng Nongjri, Shillong.
A bomb disposal team was also called to the scene to defuse the bombs, after police seized them from the vehicle.
Let us put our trust in God to save us.
In a democracy, the responsibility of the people does not end with the election of legislators.
This was announced in a statement by the General Secretary of KJWA, Bah P Syiemlieh.
Some of the MDCs said that they prefer Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP or Martle N Mukhim of the HSPDP to take over the post of CEM of the Council.
The residents of the village have lodged a complaint against the teacher in the past few days but no action has been taken against her.
“You are the only one who is good,” he said to his friend.
Speaking to reporters, the leader of Ka Sur u Paidbah ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, Bah HS Shylla, today said that the government should stop allowing companies to import foreign workers. , but it should encourage the youth of the state to work in foreign fields within the state.
He said that Laban is a place where many ethnic groups live and this school has been like that.
On the 25th of November, the match will be played between Amlarem Social Club and Seinbhalang Shkentalang FC at 2.30 pm.
John in a vision said to him, “And there was given me a reed like unto a rod: and the angel stood, saying, Rise, and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and them that worship therein. but the court which is without the temple of God leave out, and measure it not; for it is given unto the Gentiles.
There are still examples where government authorities in states or Delhi and large companies have suspended or threatened to suspend their advertisements in the media when they publish news against them.
She also explained about the Prime Minister's TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA) scheme; a scheme aimed at providing support to TB patients through food, medical facilities and other resources.
The new cases include EGH: 11, EJH: 14, EKH: 136, NGH: 06, RBD: 178, SGH: 16, SWGH: 06, SWKH: 14, WGH: 52, WJH: and WKH: 62.
In 2019, the farmer had 102 cows.
Mitchell Starc and captain Pat Cummins took three wickets each while Josh Hazlewood and Travis Head took two wickets each.
In the second semi final between Shillong College and Edmund's College at 11 pm, the match came to an end where the players of Shillong College won the title. They won 6-1 goals to reach the final of the tournament.
This has caused problems especially to those who have completed the training in the Sericulture & Handloom Sector, who have also received scholarships from the Government.
Nongpoh: The National People's Party (NPP) Mawhati, has expressed its deep sorrow over the criticism against Dasakhiatbha Lamare, former MLA Mawhati Constituency who has now left Nongkrem Constituency for the upcoming elections. Family Dorbar.
Speaking on the VAB, he said that before the VAB, many laws were passed but they have not reached anywhere till today.
The State Government has appointed the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District as the Nodal District to oversee the open market distribution of food items to all districts to ensure that there is a real shortage of food items in the market.
The Government has rejected the decision of the Government of India that teachers in primary classes should complete Class 12 with 45 out of 100 marks.
“Those who allege do not know how much has been allocated for these schemes but they have estimated.
The village has only 52 households and 344 heads of households from under 90 years of age, 179 males and 165 females.
The election was won but the Hill Stae was far away from us.
Police said that 83 people were injured in the clashes between the police and the farmers.
Here I will quote a Bible verse that says, And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.
On Thursday night, an unlicensed Bolero was set on fire by unidentified persons.
In the first semi final, St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School won the toss and elected to tied first.
The Supreme Court on July 20 issued an order directing the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST), New Delhi to conduct an inquiry into the allocation of ST status to the Prime Minister and his brother who is also a Minister of State.
Many places and areas in the state are remote where people have to travel long distances to get government services and this is not good for the residents.
In the senior category, the Rangbah of Nongbah-Marshilong won by 4 – 3 kl in the tie breaker against the Rangbah of Nongbah-Marshilong Presbyterian Church.
Therefore, the MLAs in the opposition will have to work hard to ensure that the government does not do whatever it wants.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) is now ready to issue an order to set up a Judicial Inquiry into the allegations of rape of former Governor V Shanmuganathan. She is running for the post of Public Relation Officer (PRO) at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
This scheme helps those people who come from poor families where they should participate in such as pension, widowhood scheme, scheme for people with disabilities, and so on. also for single mothers with their children.
The storms of life come, the storms blow, the diseases spread to each other and burden the household.
Timothy expressed his gratitude to all the Members of the Legislative Assembly who have given their confidence to him to continue as Symbud Lamphang and he is confident that he will receive the cooperation of the entire House when it is his turn to shall conduct the dorbar as the Chairman.
Those who attended the rally were from Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, Sohra, Shillong and Garo Hills.
However, only 90 seconds into the quarter, GB managed to score the first goal but India goalkeeper Sreejesh played well by tied the ball outside the box.
Nongpoh: The plan of the leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Indigenous Territorial Organization (HITO) to march to the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet at Baridua, has failed after they were blocked by the police. The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District is in Byrnihat.
Let’s take a look at these remaining feasts.
He said that the implementation of the Reservation Policy itself has created many obstacles so that even other non-Garo ethnic groups can get the same jobs as the Garo and even the non-Garo. They can also get the job allocation for Garo residents in the state.
According to sources, the AICC will continue to retain Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state until the end of the term in
The Chairman and the incumbent CEM said that they are acting according to the rules of law to dissolve the old EC and form a new EC by the new UDF. management of the state government.
The District Child Protection Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, R.Kynjing welcomed the chief guest, Bah A.Nongbri and also all the children who came to take part in this sports event. She said that the Children's Sports Festival has been approved by the National Implementation Committee (NIC) and the Ministry of Culture and has been implemented by the Ministry of Women and Child Development. The Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, said that the sports competition will start today 26th June 2023 and will end till 28th June
The High Court said that as of now and as the House has not yet taken a decision and the discussions are ongoing, the petition will not be accepted.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1 : A woman named Poonam Singh has lodged an FIR with Laban Police Station after she was stabbed by her husband Suresh P Singh. She was seriously injured and had to be taken to the Civil Hospital.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed all the Waheh Shnongs, coal owners and park owners to follow the rules and maintain these drains and ensure that the coal water does not flow into the wells and farmland.
DRI officers detained an SUV that was highly suspected to be possibly used by drug traffickers.
He said that as it is now, it is necessary to have a North East Swimming Forum where the states of the region can compete among themselves.
The orders issued by the Regional Officer will be recorded in the report through the inspection center on 16th November
At the meeting, STDCM – Chaoba Meitei Member said that the inclusion of the Meetei/Meitei community in the ST list is only one of the ways to provide protection from the ST list. part of the Meetei people.
There were also songs by the Assam Regimental Center and the United Churches' Association.
Police have warned the public not to be deceived by such people and as of now they are monitoring to arrest these phone callers.
On this occasion, the seven countries pledged to give their full support to Ukraine so that it can recover and win against Russia because of Russia's excessive force in this country. war.
He spoke about the many events that this House has seen in the past years and said that these memories are the heritage of all the members of the Legislative Assembly.
When we discuss this passage, it is God's invitation to us to seek, to draw near to Him. “Seek ye the Lord while he may be found, call upon him while he is near” (Isaiah 55:6).
Shillong: Six health workers, four high risk contacts, one ILI case, one from Laitumkhrah, one from Mawprem, four cases from abroad have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills. Ribbon.
The camp was held at the grounds of North East Adventist University, Khliehtyrshi from 29th November to 1st November.
The Minister urged all sectors of society in Manipur to ensure peace, hold dialogue and promote peace.
The meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah by the KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar was held after seeing the Government's commitment to work with the religious leaders to curb the spread of the disease. of drugs from Meghalaya and from the Khasi people.
If school or college students dig deeper into this subject, it will help them to benefit from their studies and lives tomorrow.
Wise, far-sighted, patriotic leaders like Tirot Sing Syiem, Kiang Nongbah and Wickliffe Syiem, did not want or desire glory but the mountains gathered their fellow citizens to think together. .
All the players of Jamshedpur are Indians for the Durand Cup
He had been suffering from a serious illness since July 2 and was undergoing treatment until his death.
In a letter submitted to the Minister of Transports, we have expressed that we want to pay the permit and pay tax through the Government and we don't want to go through any company,” said Bah Nongkynrih. “We want to be self-sufficient and earn for ourselves.
And upon the land of the abominations shall come one that shall destroy" Daniel 9:24-2
It is learned that before killing the people, the attackers called them by name and then shot dead the editor and cartoonist of the magazine.
On this day, the public was banned from taking part in the ceremony due to the protocol laid down by the government and only a few priests, brothers, elders and volunteers were invited. especially the Parish Pastoral Council.
He encouraged them that although they have children with disabilities, they know that God has placed them in this world with purposes because even though they are in that area, there are some of them who do not. They can train themselves in singing, dancing and others according to their ability through the special talent that God has given them.
When the reporter visited these offices, it was found that the CRPF personnel who were waiting at the gate, asked for Identity Card (ID) and those who did not have it, had to leave.
There is a need to have our own educational institutions, various training institutions in the state, from the state universities, medical colleges, engineering colleges, civil, architects, designing to various Skills, Diplomas, Professional Courses under the supervision of the State Government.
In fact, about 40 percent of the respondents said that they are willing to take the VRS if the government's rules are met especially those who work longer.
The JSU said that it will join hands with the ASHA workers and demanded that the government should pay the ASHAs the right amount of money every month as their work is very important and they are the front line workers. appear in any activities relating to the health of the citizens.
The village leaders of War Jaintia have alleged that the government has attacked and forced the village leaders of War Jaintia without consulting them to open the trade route between India and Bangladesh. The village leaders of War Jaintia said they are not responsible.
The Prime Minister declined to comment on the matter, saying he did not have the details at the moment.
“We will first meet the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma to urge him to urge the MPs of Assam to support the three demands of the state in Parliament,” he said. said HANM President Bah Lamphrang Kharbani in an interview with the media.
He said that the JHDS will try its best to provide the necessary start-up tools to support those who intend to start their own business.
The War Jaintia Students' Union (WJSU) has welcomed the government's decision to set up a Standing Coordination Committee to prevent incidents on the India-Bangladesh border.
The deceased was identified as Sampat Singh Jangir, manager of Bhajan Lal.
Human mind is like a parachute, it only works when it is opened.
To encourage and show you that this disease is not only for you or two but for everyone, but those who are strong in mind and don't hesitate to ask and learn more I don't know how to do it, even if I say that it shouldn't discourage you but I encourage you to open up to those who can give you advice or guidance.
Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong in the next 24 hours, while in parts of the state, thunderstorms, thunderstorms and cold weather are expected for tomorrow.
Shillong: Assam has decided to hand over to Meghalaya an area of ​​18.28 sq kilometers out of 36.79 sq km. two States.
For there are some who consider fools rich because they love; and they despise the wise, because they are foolish.
Shillong, June 05 : The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday said that the government has already released Rs 60 crore for the payment of salaries of 12,000 teachers. Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that the money for the remaining two months salary has been released since 29th October.
The enemies are wise, therefore, it is time for the Hynniewtrep people to stop the handshake and misuse of each other, especially the Hynniewtrep Police should protect our people and not harm them. just to please their masters and foreign traders,” said Bah Nongtraw.
S.Mukhim, MLA of the constituency, said that the court will expedite the hearing of many pending cases.
It was also surprising that after the arrest of these two trucks carrying illegal cows, when asked the owners of these cows, the drivers and followers of these trucks said that they had no knowledge. The owners of these cows have been ordered to drop off these cows at Khliehriat, Jaintia Hills.
Edystone Shylla said that they have set up a Coordination Committee for Clean Iawmusiang to fight for the cleanliness of Iawmusiang.
The forward joined Barcelona from Leeds United in November last year for £55 million ($71 million).
This was announced by the Kynshi Bangla Social & Cultural Sports Club, in a meeting with the media today, under the leadership of the President of the club, Bah Aiban Syiemlieh. The Sordar of Kynshi Bangla Village, Bah Aibna Syiemlieh, said that this year the prize money has been increased from 3 lakh to 4 lakh tyngka.
The match was witnessed not only by the people but also by the MP of Tura, Agatha Sangma as the chief guest.
When asked whether the HPC's 8 rules will prevent the government from implementing them, he said, “We don't know what to say about this because it is only when we reach the negotiating table with the government that we will understand the rules. “We believe that the government will understand the problems we will face if it does not accept our proposal, therefore, the government should understand the problems we too will face,” he said. he replied.
The Delimitation Committee has been set up by the KHADC and has been directed to submit its report before the first month of November.
The Old Hararians Cricket Club will also take part in the organization of sports programmes.
The names of the participants can be submitted on the same day at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai at 5 pm.
This is a major victory for new coach Marcelo Bielsa.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The North East Congress Coordinating Committee (NECCC) has sent a statement of congratulations to the voters of Karnataka who have voted for the BJP under the leadership of the Prime Minister of India. .
Speaking on the occasion, KSU President Bah Lambokstar Marngar said that we should follow the example of Kiang Nangbah. Kiang Nangbah's commitment to fight against those who try to violate the fundamental rights of the people of the state.
Jayalalithaa's lawyers said that her life was in danger, but she was not listened to by the jail authorities.
“It has been implemented since
According to information received, there will be many people at the meeting but most of the participants will be from the border areas of the district, especially from those areas where the Khasi live. and the Garo people.
