Police have been on high alert around Amritsar and Bathinda these days, as there are rumors that Amritpal may have committed suicide and it is believed that he is now in hiding at the Golden Temple. or on the Throne of Sri Damdama Sahib.
The opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) on 5th June released its 24-point manifesto for the Lok Sabha elections. Article 371, which does not protect the State from the laws of the Central Government.
He said that during the trial, Ahmed denied that he had committed any illegal acts but wanted to fight the case in court.
and about 9 Executive Members (EMs).
He said that the transformation works have been brought about in Ranikor in terms of roads and other development works.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the HSPDP, Rambrai Jyrngam, said that Rambrai Jyrngam is a constituency with villages on the border with Assam. said that it still has not reached the end and is still on the way.
Initially, 16,000 health workers will be vaccinated and the vaccination will start from 16th July
It is the Ministry of Urban Affairs which has selected about 100 cities in the country to become Smart Cities.
“If anyone doesn't believe this, it would be better to get information through RTI from the DC Revenue or the Chief Secretary of the DC Revenue,” said Bah Lyngdoh. state".
The mixture of actors, costumes, sound, lighting and various dances adorned the stage where the musical concert was held.
Even Jesus was reviled more than praised.
He said that the Legislative Assembly on 19th November 2019 passed a resolution to demand from the Central Government to implement the ILP in order to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into Meghalaya. The Central Government is currently considering this request.
In the Mylliem constituency, the candidates include two MDCs, Mylliem MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Laban-Mawprem MDC, Mitchel Wankhar and the incumbent MLA who is also the Minister. C&RD Department, Mr. Hamletson Dohling.
With his courage, he jumped into the water and finally managed to rescue her after a hard struggle in the water due to the excessive strength of the flood.
During the treatment, a 3-year-old child, who is the granddaughter of Kong Larita Syiemlieh, died. Three children of Kong Larita Syiemlieh, have passed away and are still undergoing treatment.
The incident happened on the 3rd of November at 2 pm, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills. The robber attacked the youth who tried to stop the robber. to enter the house of thy mother.
“Hotels are the best connectivity, and high-speed internet connections will encourage IY companies to set up offices in the State.
He said that the politics of the world should shape the future of the future generations, but it is sad to see those whom we call selfish, bloodthirsty, The ksan rympei, the rem of the dorbar, the khleiñ, the thang, the jhat, the bam.
“The government should take immediate action after the election to resolve the issues as the government has already identified the land for the relocation of those living in Them ïew Mawlong,” said the order issued by the Chief Justice. Sanjib Banerjee's birthday on 16th June.
She said that there has never been any order issued by the Governor regarding the appointment or appointment of MLAs/MDCs under Rule 17 (1) (a) of the AD Rules, do not use Rule
At the same time, the District Council has informed the Khad Ar Nor that they have approved the Acting Doloi, but he will not be forcibly removed as the Acting Doloi. Waheh Mine And North Area.
Those are the same leaders who throw money at the Bollywood factories in Mumbai to violate the rights of the talented youth of the state.
The goals were scored by Budmiha-oo Mukhim (8,16,37,47,65+ min), Markatjuh Shylla (13,40 min), Khamwadathrang Lhuid (14 min), Serene Dkhar (19 min), Pdiang- Phawa (30+ min), Kynsai-Manmi War (52 min), while Mark A Marak scored for Garo Hills.
He said that he has not yet said which party will contest because there are many groups from other parties who have come to offer to support him in this election.
God bless you and for His glory, Amen.
The story goes that a mother of the brothers, Iawren and Iawlar, named Reitlang, shot a spear from a place called Pohlong, which is to the west of this village. He fled a long way and landed at Pyndenwahkha in the east and took over this land between Pohlong and Pyndenwahkha.
Recalling the harmful effects of drugs, she urged the youth to avoid such drugs which can affect not only their body but also their future.
According to Bah Bindo, the government can set up a Delimitation Commission to remove or create MDC constituencies and there is also a rule under the Sixth Scheduled.
On Tuesday, the women's organizations who staged the protest demanding the Inner Line Permit (ILP) carried placards reading “Dr.
He said that the church was newly built last year and the cost of construction has reached 1.5 crore tyngka.
Even during the mid-year examination, they have very little time to study, because it is also the time of planting, planting rice, and many other works in the fields.
He said that 358 km of signboards have been completed and the work is ongoing for another 10 km, but 12 km cannot be done because it is in Umbah.
Even before India landed on the moon, there were many Indians who had already bought land on the moon.
don't be afraid of too much.
" “The Taliban are now in power in Afghanistan and now what has happened in this country, you see the restrictions on the media.
Other speakers included Bah Benjamin Warlarpih, State Outreach Coordinator, and Emmanuel B. Tanti, OEU Representative via video.
The District Agriculture Officer and Member Secretary DLCC, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has announced that the Department of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Meghalaya in collaboration with the Department of Agriculture, Meghalaya will conduct the 11th Agril Census. th Agriculture Census 2021-2022.
:Dr.MA Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, has congratulated the youth of Mawkhyrwang area for being like the Human Ambulance for their great work. , that in this area there is no road if there are sick and poor people who want to go for treatment at the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat they use to carry or carry a khoh until they reach the road without vehicles. , Dr.Ampareen Lyngdoh, Dr.Ampareen Lyngdoh, has been asked to carry her with a khoh so that she can learn what these youths are trying to be like. Ambulances are not allowed to carry patients.
Besides, Government Ministers including Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLAs and various political parties who came to join hands as a sign of unity for the demand from the central government.
Sample of the Stock & Sale Register Availability of goods in the market and prices of goods in public places Everyone is encouraged to follow the rules of selling to each customer Prices of food items:
Although no one was injured, the cost of the fire has reached T.2.5klur.
The incident occurred at Dharmanagar, West Chandrapur.
The District Horticulture Officer and the District Agriculture Officer won the Best Tableau award for the best income generation. , Jowai has come second in the Spring Shed Development Work to save water for the preservation of all living things on earth.
On the other hand, u Bah Shylla, said that the reason why he does not want to contest the election anymore, is because people instead of planting soh, harvest soh.
The Mind is what shows us the way what we should do.
After completing her training, she continued to work in government hospitals until she was promoted to the position of Addl.Director of Health Services.
When asked how he feels about the allegation against the Prime Minister that he is selfish, Bah Ronie said, “I can say how in my own opinion, some say it is not enough, many say ubiang...I don't have enough to say that I don't have enough, or that I don't have enough.
With the introduction of the PMUY, the reliance on wood heating is expected to decrease and it will also help the women who heat. Furthermore, the application for LPG through this scheme will be released. in the name of women from BPL families.
Small and marginal farmers are eligible for this scheme and even if they have land, the land size is only 2 hectares.
Hundreds of supporters of Himalaya Shangpliang from Mawsynram, David Kharsati from Nongthymmai, Wandonboklang Jyrwa from Mawlai and others came from the BJP.
If you do not do this after you have finished reading, your preparation will be in vain.
He says that the language of conversion is a foreign language.
The Yuva Sangharsh Morcha led by Rohit Pawar of the NCP under Sharad Pawar has arrived in the morning. in the city and concluded with a public meeting held at Tekdi Road.
The KIPG 2023 is a sports tournament sponsored by the Central Government, including the Khelo India Youth Games, Khelo India University Games and Khelo India Winter Games.
The recent outbreak of violence shows that the state is not yet ready to conduct these examinations.
When asked whether their office has an Internal Complaints Committee, which should be in place, they asked whether the office has an Internal Complaints Committee. redressal) Act 2013; When asked the names of the members of the committee, he said that the male managers are the members of the committee. All the members of this committee are from Assam.
He said that if the UDP withdraws from the MDA Government, the Government will collapse and if it fails, the President Rule will come and the people will blame the UDP. Speaking at the confirmation meeting of the UDP Jowai Circle office bearers at the Dorbar Shnong Dulong, Jowai on Saturday, he said that the UDP has many leaders who have been in the party for decades. leaders of other parties who have fled from one party to another.
Russia on Tuesday announced that ships of the Russian Pacific Fleet have entered the southern part of the Philippine Sea for supplies. section.
He said that if you look at the example of Sikkim, who is in power; 'It's a national party'
This reporter also spoke to a woman who used to sell sohniamtra in Iewduh, Shillong. She said that this year, she doesn't get sohniamtra anymore from Riwar and most of the sohniamtra she gets is only from Nongjrong. .
In a meeting with several UDP leaders, they expressed their support for the statement of UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy that the decision to contest on an independent basis as expressed by Bah AL Hek from the BJP and Lambor Malngiang, an independent MLA, said it could not be.
Sports athletes take drugs to strengthen their bodies, cheat and predict who will win and who will lose and so on.
The incident occurred in January.
They also said that through this disease, or the drought which has covered the hopelessness, they urge and ask for the assistance of the government to take care of them as farmers who have been affected by this disaster, who also reported losses of up to 90 percent.
“Therefore, we will have to follow the work of the party before we take any decision to announce the names of the candidates.
Other states like Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and others have been able to produce more than 300 grams of milk per day which means that it has exceeded the milk requirement of one person and therefore, they have been able to export milk back to other states.
In 2005, that was the meeting with the people's leaders after I resigned as Minister.
The KSU said that Meghalaya, especially the Khasi-Jaintia region, has suffered from the influx of people from Nepal and Bangladesh due to the Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty 1950 and the influx of people. and Bangladesh in the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War.
Regarding the issue of improvement, strengthening of the budget, it will come after the implementation of the registered docket of the works will bring in funds to expand the departments, but for example If we just keep the Work Permit but wait for the budget, all the work will be suspended and the problems will get worse.
“We are surprised that many foreigners have received NOC and labor certificate from the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong. The state and on the part of the party have suspended and expelled these authorities,” said the statement.
How encouraging it is to see various leaders taking part in the discussions on the preparations for this dance or discussing the parts in words with the humility of the training they have received in the past.
On this occasion, he also explained that they should be quick to provide assistance if they find or meet people who have been injured in accidents or fires and others should be trained to provide assistance such as At the same time, they were also trained how to climb and descend the rocks and ridges using a tyllai, and also how to work from the top of a hill or river to jam sa. stone.
Today's incident seems to have involved the Government and intended to create trouble.
He added that he strongly opposes this and should stop it completely and not allow the exploiters to register at the office of the Syiem and should send a thorough inspection of the boundaries of the land and to punish the perpetrators according to the law.
The farmers came from Punjab and Haryana to protest against the Farmers Act, which has recently been passed by the Indian government.
The opening of this police station will provide relief to the people of the area which has been affected by various crimes.
Caroline Colony scored four goals through Samkupar Passah (6), Ban Nangsan Dkhar (18), Sebastian Dhar (40) and Donald Litting (90+2).
Regarding all these issues, the Opposition has requested the Governor in writing to request for the print and video records of the dorbar held on 25th October, request records of receipt of the resignation of the junior chairman, that he should request records of the creation of the list of old and new chairpersons.
Treatment of this disease involves multimodality.
The polling started from 7 pm to 4 pm.
The FPS Dealer and SK Oil Retailer shall be elected and decided by the Dorbar Shnong through the Executive Committee of the Village with the consent of the Heads of each Household. during the spread of COVID (19) by following the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the guidelines laid down by the State Government as a whole.
“It has also directed that those people who test negative in the RT-PCR test should undergo 7 days of institutional quarantine followed by 7 days of home quarantine. that IDSP/District Surveillance Officers.
No.6009972453 and to come forward and take possession of this child within 60 days.
He said that the police themselves are vigilant to prevent any trucks from smuggling coal and if anyone is found violating, they will not escape the rules of law.
The two charged include STC/NBQ senior trade instructor Lakhindar Prasad and stenographer Ramesh Kumar Ranapaheli.
He said that many of the Sengbhalang Rangbah Shnongs have expressed their views that there should be police patrols from the state and if there is, the opposition may be only from a few. However, many of them have to guard the police from the state.
The inspection came after the Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) received a complaint regarding the illegal coal mining factories in Sutnga, East Jaintia Hills District.
“There are some pastors and Tymmenbasan who want to change the decision of the Assembly, they have also tried to meet with the authorities to change the decision,” said Rev. Hynniewta, who is the Pastor. “However, the meeting held on the 16th has confirmed this decision”.
This incident may be the first incident this year, after such allegations of 'ai ksuid bad ri thlen' which happened frequently last year.
Myrjai SC beat Salaroh 5-0 while Lumbhahdakha beat Catholic Youth 3-1 in the third division football match played at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Dawanbiang Passah scored the goals for Nangbah Iawmusiang in the 79th minute and Mebanker Shalam in the 83rd minute. .
The Accountant General (AG) team has won the North Eastern Council Invitational Football Tournament 2023 which is India's celebration of the second anniversary of Amrit Ka Mohatsav.
Kharbani was arrested on the 2nd of this month from Rangthong, SWKH while he was on his way to Shillong. Police also arrested four others including Mighter Marwein, one of the coal traders. Shillong, Jymmang 5: As part of the 40th Anniversary Celebration of the Khasi SBUK in collaboration with the Royal Wahingdoh Football Club (RWFC), The 2013 FIFA World Cup will be held on the 2nd of July at the Soso Tham Auditorium from 4.00 pm.
The welcoming of former MLAs and candidates by political parties to former MLAs and candidates who have had bad marks in their previous positions and positions speaks volumes about the commitment of these parties to eradicate the corrupt activities.
KAS has held an information session on the theme “Thomas Jones' Contribution to the Khasi People” at Thomas Jones Synod College.
Regarding the road which will be constructed soon and the people will be able to use it within two years, the Chief Minister urged the people of the area to be patient and also to They should cooperate so that the implementation will be expedited and will be of benefit to the people of the area as a whole.
Shillong, March 4: The Ri Lum Social Welfare Organization (RSWO) on Tuesday held a meeting on the NPR and Aadhar number.
The Assam Minister said that up to 82,751.86 hectares of land belonging to Assam in 16 districts has fallen under the jurisdiction of the four neighboring states.
According to a 444-page report released by United Nations inspectors in Rakhine State, thousands of Rohingya have been shot dead by the army. Myanmar in different villages.
The second prize went to Kampher Pohing and the third prize went to Iaraplang Pohing.
Here we understand that Man was created separately.
The heavy rainfall came on Tuesday morning and the water damaged the Chungthang Dam, the largest hydropower plant in Sikkim, and this increased the flooding. .
The progress of the construction of the building for the Khalai Casino in Bhoi district has caused a lot of concern.
Wallam scored the third goal (68′).
Tynsong said that after this, residents of Shiehruphi, Wahiajer and neighboring villages in Narpuh Elaka also gathered, which increased the number of people to about 150 people.
“We hope that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Defense Minister Amit Shah after the 'Raj Dharma' will now have to move forward to restore peace and stability in Manipur by resolving everything. Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Dorbar Shnong Madanryting, which held an emergency meeting on Saturday, has decided to send They have written to the State Government to provide temporary accommodation, food and medicine to the ethnic minorities who have fled to Shillong after the bloodshed in Shillong. Manipur which happened on the 3rd of this month.
The WWE is owned and managed by world billionaire Vince McMahon, who has announced the social contract. , with the WWE currently worth $9.3 billion while the UFC, which is owned by Endeavor, is currently worth $12.1 billion.
In the morning, there was a Bam Tyngkong at Langdoh's house, a Loompyrdi village at Langdoh's house, a Sympat at Langdoh's house, while in the afternoon there was a Bam Tyngkong at Langdoh's house. The Deiñkhlam, Kymbood Khnong, Khnong Blai and 13 colors were brought to the Syiem Aitnar Pond in the presence of thousands of spectators from all over the country. In Jaintia Khasi.
Speaking to media, Bah RL Blah said that the Meghalaya government should introduce the Union of Village Authorities as Constitutional Traditional Heads to the Indian government. the role of Dorbar Shnongs in the State.
The Government has also appealed to the residents and members of the community to cooperate with the Government to complete the demolition.
It is for this reason that we have to consult with other areas before moving the railway project to other parts of the state.
Indian saris are said to be sold well in Bangladesh.
He said the program will start from 11 am to 4:30 pm.
Furthermore, the union has requested the relevant authorities to inspect the building and also to find out how much damage has been done and needs to be repaired so that the building will not be destroyed.
HARRY INGLISH is an Assistant Political Agent in the Government of Meghalaya who is corrupt and insulting to the Khasi.
“If the DC's office or the PWD orders to close down these shops, they should also close down all the shops of foreigners along the PWD road from Rilbong, Mahadevkhola and other places as well. not only in Upper Shillong,” he said.
In his speech, AK Tiwari, Deputy Secretary, IRS, Government of India, said that the Government of India has launched many schemes for the benefit of the people. .
There are times when they have difficulty in interacting with the community and there are also cases when these patients are imprisoned not at home but in prison.
However, it is only the MDA Government that has not done anything on the salaries of the teachers despite the fact that they (the Government) are well aware of the small grant we receive,” said the statement.
He said that they have passed the issues against the state government and now they have started to shake hands with their relatives and this is unpleasant.
The Commissioner Secretary to the Government, Bah J Lyngdoh, said the government will spend on the treatment of Das.
Ardent said that so far about 28 people have attended the meeting.
The SP West Jaintia Hills, who had come to the scene to talk to end the clash, but Karbi, who was angry and shouted, threw stones and knives and other weapons at the SP's vehicle. The SP did not respond to the incident.
Police have arrested eight persons including five foreigners, two women and the owner of the house, Kong Santa Rynjah.
Two pylleng, which have been baked, cost T.1,700 at the Four Seasons Hotel in Mumbai.
The Minister said that the Hima will hold another meeting in writing to all those who attended the meeting today to discuss the matter. The first is only to identify the churches that have received burials while the topic to be discussed in detail will be discussed at another meeting.
“On this day, let us remember and praise Mawlynnong which has become one of the cleanest villages in Asia,” he said.
Because to contest the election you must have grounds so you want to get clarification on these issues mentioned above because we have been the leaders in relation to the demand for Sohra District. the most important issue".
Eating rice or vegetables has many benefits in terms of health and even strengthens the body.
Then the nurses said, 'Oh, you've given birth,' and they went back to their place of residence and slept.
Capsule :- stool.
Noting that the MDA-2 Government has set a new record in only six years, the President of the NPP Meghalaya said, “We have set a new record in terms of budget, revenue, and growth within seven years.
The National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Jan 7, 2023, said that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is something that the NPP cannot accept. After the NPP and Conrad Sangma have returned to power in the state, we will see whether he will continue to oppose or whether his speeches are just election propaganda,” said the party.
“The Manipur Government will have to accept that these are the indigenous peoples of the North East and have lived in these areas since ancient times and that they are not foreigners from Nepal or Bangladesh,” he said. The NESO has called on the All Manipur Students Union (AMSU) and the Mizo Zirlai Paul (MZP) to take action and work together to bring about peace and prevent any violence. what is the difference between the nations?
“The government has already suspended the results of MTET for Dadenggre sub-division, but in other parts of the state, the results have been announced and the appointment of teachers has progressed,” he said. said Sangma.
The state government has informed the government of India and has spoken to Harsh Vardhan, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, to take immediate action.
The Indian government will grant citizenship to Hindu refugees from Bangladesh from July 2021, said Kailash Vijayavargiya, General Secretary of the BJP. Vijayvargiya said that those refugees from Bangladesh will lose their citizenship rights.
Rupang tried to talk to several of these MDCs but they refused to comment and said, “When the time comes, you are the first to get information”.
Not only that, its operations are supervised by the Directorate of Food Processing under the supervision of the Office of Assistant Director of Horticulture (Food Processing).
Know that we are living in the last days, therefore, "Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
Smoking destroys the lungs.
Nonglait said that the party urges the police and the village authorities to be vigilant so that such incidents will not happen again in the future.
Even those SSA teachers and others who have lost their salaries for many months, the government has been able to resolve the issue last year.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today held a nationwide protest against the BJP's misrule and the proposal to implement the Citizenship Amendment Bill. The protest was held at Congress Bhavan in Shillong.
The two-day Shad Suk Mynsiem of the children of Hynniewtrep u Hynniew Pansngiat organized by the Seng Khasi Laitkor Pyllun at Madan Laitkor, which coincided with the arrival of the holy days of Pyrem on mankind, has ended. on the 30th of June.
There are many goods in our state where young people can use their own vehicles to do these jobs.
The decision to appoint an Administrator in KHADC by the State Government is a violation of the rules and regulations.
Thank you Pastor for your contributions, and to all those who take responsibility for this work.
Guwahati: Three people, including a man and two women, have died in a hotel room in Arunachal Pradesh. .
The two teams will face each other in the presence of Mohammad Azharuddin, former captain of the Indian cricket team and President of the Hyderabad Cricket Association. in this final match.
When asked whether it is true that the UDP MDCs have cheated schemes or whether they have cheated billions of rupees out of T.133 crore, Bindo said, “We will get clarification on all this”. .
On the other hand, as part of the protest against the CAA and demanding the implementation of the ILP in the state, the KSU today carried placards in front of the North Eastern Hills University. it was the place where Rijiju opened the playground.
Speaking on the desire of Purno Agitok Sangma, Conrad said that Purno Sangma has a desire to bring about many projects that will bring about economic development in the region, but from some unavoidable causes, can never be fulfilled.
Therefore, we demand the release of the UCC from the Sixth Schedule areas,” he said.
Therefore, the struggle for equal shares by dividing the areas according to the Khasi and Jaintia districts should not affect the unity of the people from Lyngam to Jaintia.
He congratulated the Chief Minister for implementing this scheme in Meghalaya.
The Bank said that the Bank's revenue was T.4,189.34 crore for the period from June to July 2020-2
“NEHU will soon have a department of culture in the region,” he said.
We don't buy it, we don't have anything else.
He said that since he entered politics he wanted to contest the MP election and now when he did not get a ticket from the VPP he has to think with his family.
He said that the allegation by Assam that Meghalaya has crossed the border is inappropriate and also to accuse each other will not lead anywhere but it is necessary to talk together to reach a path of mutual reconciliation.
It is not easy for the judges to convict, as they were not present during the seizure.
At present, the land is given to the poor and needy people who have difficulty getting land and even if they get it at the time of bathew, the measuring tape doesn't work.
Police have registered a case under case number 70(08)2018 u/s 5(l)(n)/6 POCSO. Act and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Under the Initiative on Critical and Emerging Technologies (iCET) and the Quad Fellowship, we are promoting cooperation in technology-related fields.
The first time was on the 12th of November where about 800 trees were planted and on the 18th of this month (April) the Karbi Students Association (KSA) planted more than 4,000 trees.
He said that only those who have scored 60 percent or above will be awarded and the date of the award ceremony will be announced later.
Only two candidates have contested for the post of Rangbah Shnong, Bah Mathew Makdoh, former Rangbah Shnong and Bah Tharles Syiem. votes, while Bah Tharles Syiem received only 60 votes.
Himanta said the meeting was to build trust between the people of the two states.
“He has sought reasons instead of resolving it,” said the UDP Mawlai women.
They said that the police should be vigilant and act strongly because there are those who are no longer allowed to expose their wrongdoings.
It is not known exactly where the Khasi and Garo came from and settled in these hills.
“It is the responsibility of the State Government to take action against all the problems especially in the case of unemployment,” said Bah Hek, one of the Advisors to the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma. journalist.
Not only that, the central government has also organized festivals for the region in Delhi to preserve the cultures of the region.
Nongpoh: The expectation of the people to live in poor houses, which has been specially allocated by the CM to build in Umbuda village, Nongpoh, has not come true till now, but it has been seen that it is getting worse. These days, these houses have been destroyed and now it has been found that these houses are no longer suitable for human habitation.
He said that according to his information, the Hahim market east of Malangkona is a market which neither the Assamese nor the Khasi own, because it is on the line and is like the border. the division of the Khasi and Assamese.
On this occasion, the Archbishop of Shillong, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, conducted a Holy Mass to pray for all the souls of the deceased.
The invitation of Sylvanus to Fr Sngi shows that these people did not know the works that Fr Sngi had done for the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Following the murder of Nido Taniam, one of the students from Arunachal Pradesh in Delhi, students from the North East in Delhi have been shocked and saddened by the killing of Nido Taniam. the attack on local youth.
They will begin with the Holy Mass.
Bah Teinwel said to prevent the marriage of Khasi and other ethnic groups, this Act is needed.
He said that the people will see development works for their own benefit only in the few days that the BJP will rule and it is during that time that the people will be able to understand the principles of the BJP. He said that the development works that the BJP will bring in the next five years will be in line with the development works of the governments that have ruled in the past 50 years.
Robertjune has strongly criticized the Chief Minister for the failure to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule.
“Earlier, the doctors of the hospital said that they will soon be able to submit a report on the cause of death of the young man after the forensic science and histopathology. They have also confirmed that the report will be submitted within 24 or 48 hours, but the surprising thing is that the report has not been seen for a whole year,” said the leader.
Nongpoh, Naitung 11: The SBI branch in Nongpoh Branch, has prompted two civil society organizations from Ri-Bhoi to protest against this issue, as it has affected the people who You cannot deposit money into the bank.
Rida, who was there, was getting scared.
This road will connect both the States and will also help in the development of local entrepreneurs.
The ceremony was led by Alex Narleng President of KSU Northern Border Area, in the presence of Wanphrang Mawthoh President of Byrnihat Circle, Samla Johny Nongrum Sports Secretary of KSU NKHD Unit. relatives of the young man.
Many software developments, not only in India, but in more than 200 countries of the world, are known as India. ," he said.
The report said that Robertjune's decision was taken on the basis of his desire to contest the Lok Sabha elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
The speakers who spoke at the meeting said that the protest in Mawlai is also the protest of the people of Nong West and the incident of Bah Che can happen to anyone.
“Where shall we get mercy when the need is so great? Dr Mawthoh asked, “Can we say that we have done many development works?”
Nongpoh: The demand for the upgradation of the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub-Division has been heard in Ri Bhoi District. The Ri Bhoi Durbar, which was held at Nongthymmai Umsning, demanded that the state government should upgrade the Patharkhmah Administrative District to a Civil Sub-Division.
If we look at the Khasi-Jaintia side, we feel that this is not right.
The meeting was attended by all the UDA MDCs including PDA Chairman Lambor Malngiang, NPP Parliamentary Party Leader Gigur Myrthong, Independent MDC Latiplang Kharkongor and others. Ranikor MDC Nassar Marwein was excepted for illness.
For the post of UBSI, 41 persons have been selected, 268 UB Constables, 37 Firemen, 23 Driver Firemen, 26 MPRO Operators, 522 Armed Branch/Battalion Constables, Driver Constable, and 74 Follower.
According to reports in Assam, the incident happened in Naharkata, Namrup district where the three men, Hannah Mikaela Bloom, Susanna Elizabeth Hakanason and Marcus Arne Henrik Bloom, were arrested. The United Churches Fellowship and Bless Assam Network organized the Peace and Healing Prayer Festival from the 25th to the 27th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has strongly condemned the bomb blast on the ground floor of the AII Manipur Students' Union (AMSU) at DM University Campus on the 23rd of this month. Oinam Kenejy, a student of DM College, was killed and another student, Salam Michael, a student of DM College, was seriously injured.
This lack of appreciation for the work done in the daily activities affects the ability to complete the work on time and causes other ethnic groups to take the lead in various activities.
He also appealed to the volunteers to give their support to help those suffering from TB through the provision of nutritious food and drink while they are undergoing treatment so that this goal of TB can be achieved. government to eradicate TB will be successful.
According to a statement issued by the Chief Public Relations Officer of the NFR, the raids were conducted as part of the fight against ticketless passengers who often cause serious problems for the those passengers who have their own tickets.
The NCM has scheduled the Hima Mylliem to appear before the Hima Mylliem on the 12th at 3:30 pm regarding the incident in the Iewmawlong area where the Kharmetor live.
The phrase, 'Where there is a will, there is a way' is not a complete phrase, but a complete phrase should be, “Where there is a will, there is a will and if there is a will, there is a way "This writing not only supports the children, but unfortunately many of the children today still blame their parents for being stupid, for not going to school and for not learning. but do they think that if our fathers and mothers were fools, how could they have raised us as they are now?
In addition, the character replaced by 'ng' is a phonetic alphabet that is included in a list called kaka which is only for Latin characters prepared in in the nineteenth century to arrange the sounds of those characters.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by Dr. R. Suchiang, SMS (AH & Vety), KVK Jaintia Hills.
The Minister also announced that the series will be broadcast to all Members of Parliament in the next session.
Lotsing Sangma from East Garo Hills district spoke about the support of the Government which has enabled him to expand his sohtrun business where he has earned more money.
Thomas said the Government's approval to set up a Committee on the Roster System is necessary as it will be discussed further.
Increase the deficit phase wise, first those in the proposal and so on.
Iatyllilang FC Wapung beat Jalapang FC Wahiajer 7-6 on penalties in the Open to All Knockout Football Tournament day at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Jowai, Naitung 25: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Jowai Nangbah Stadium.
“The State Government has increased the DCRG but only for retired teachers from 2017 to 2022 but we have demanded from the Government to increase the DCRG for retired teachers before 2017 and after 2022,” said Mr. Nongsiang.
Earlier, the Minister honored the students who passed the MBOSE examinations and launched a jubilee souvenir and a book prepared by the President of the Managing Committee of the school.
The factory operates as Shakambari Ferro Alloys Limited.
Only a few people have passed MCS/MPS, not to mention IAS/IPS/IFS. Until now, there is only one person who has passed IAS and has retired for a long time.
These houses are built on rented land.
According to some BJP leaders, as usual, only the President of the party needs to be elected and after the election, the President will form the Executive Committee. and at the same time other office bearers of the party shall be elected under the leadership of that President.
Father Yiem Ainam Sing Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima in his speech as the Chief Guest expressed his enthusiasm for such special programs to really help the poor across the country.
If we look closely, we see that the Naga sub-tribes are divided into clans.
We oppose any suggestion of temporary peace that could endanger our state and the right to self-reliance," the group concluded.
He said that South Garo Hills District is one of the districts that brings income to the State but this district has not received the full benefits from the State.
As mentioned above, the Jaidbynriew has a history of heritage and traditions. The Jaidbynriew speaks of the social agreements signed between the Khasi Syiems and the Government of India such as the Instrument of Accession (IOA), the Annexed Agreement ( AA), the Stand Still Agreement and others but how many of the thousands of Khasi Khara know the ideas and principles of these soskular.
However, at the same time, he said that exact information can be obtained from the office of the North Eastern Council on this as the Prime Minister will attend the meeting of the Council.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the UDP Mawkynrew, Bah Remington Pyngrope, said that the Mawkynrew area is very proud that a young man has emerged from Laitdiengsai. and of the region as a whole.
Earlier, Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh said the government should pay compensation to the land owners who lost their farmland due to the construction of this road in West Khasi Hills.
They were arrested and imprisoned and he issued a decree to kill them on the day of his death.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 13: The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) has celebrated the International Women's Day 2023 in solidarity with the world. at St. Francis of Assisi School, Tynsom, Mawthawiang.
The game started to slow down after Chile scored the second goal.
From the poem 'Ki Symboh Ksiar' by the poet Soso Tham, at the beginning of the lines of poetry, he has stirred up and stirred up the nation that has just followed tynneng so that it can look at the eyes and ears of our people living in this age. that they claim themselves as enlightened and learned.
The JD(U) has been with the BJP for 17 years but suddenly after Modi's election as the leader of the BJP, the party has been thinking of another way. away from the party that has been on the same side in the past.
The UDP Youth Wing Mawkyrwat on 15th June 2023 held a public meeting at the ground floor of the UDP office in Mawkyrwat. and youths flocked to this public meeting to listen to the speeches of the leaders.
Shillong, November 15: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the people of the state to temporarily suspend the maintenance of the Damsite Bridge and the Government will ensure that the construction is completed as soon as possible. 4 months.
The protest was held at the parking lot of Amlarem Sub-Division on Tuesday.
The decision also decided that those who issue sim cards without proper documents will be punished according to the law without bail. /c and I/C of all Police Stations and Police Out Posts to hold meetings with all retailers to inform and implement this rule.
Dimshrang, who is from Mendekgiri village, joined the GNLA in 2010 and underwent a 40-month training at Durama East.
Surprisingly, when the CRPF came, they protected these Dkhars and tied lathi to the Khasi.
Regarding the proposal to build the ISBT, the government with the assistance of the Ministry of DONER through the NEC scheme, has allocated T.49 crore for the construction of the ISBT and to complete the construction in three years.
KSU Publicity Secretary Lamdaki Myrchiang said that the Executive Engineer has appointed a contractor to fill and pave the remaining 1 kilometer of the road and to repair the damaged parts of the road.
This complaint came after the inspection found that the bridge was built by turning into the river which will narrow the path of the river, especially during the rainy season. wah, which can affect and cause injury to the people in coming and going.
For Laitkor, this season has been better and more successful compared to last year.
While the Dima Hasao Autonomous District Council has passed the Assam Land Regulation Act, there are large areas without boundaries and therefore it is felt that it is necessary to have a thorough inspection of these areas. .
“Ka Seng Khasi strongly opposes the school authorities who sent the students to take part in this protest against the burning of the body of Rgh.Kulam. He urged the authorities of the state government, especially the education department, to ask for an account from the school authorities, what is behind their sending their students to stand against and the people, which is intended to instill a spirit of hatred and contempt for the religion, customs and beliefs of our fellow human beings,” said the statement.
Good behavior is essential for us to be justified before God the Creator when we are judged for our deeds in this world as all religions or faiths teach us to live a good life and to respect others.
She also explained about Section 27 of the Act which states, “The right to receive free assistance in connection with legal complaints by submitting in writing to the Mental Health Revenue Board.
On the other hand, the Minister acknowledged in front of the KSU that the college will not be destroyed at all.
All of them did not want to be named publicly.
“We have taken measures to ensure that SSA teachers will not face any more problems due to the delay in receiving their salaries,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Nongstoiñ, 07 July: Students of St. Thomas Sec School, Nongjri, today marched together with the residents of the area to repair the road themselves. The road has been badly damaged not only for the traffic, but also for the pedestrians. .
: Shillong Lajong have faced another challenge after losing to Gokulam Kerala in the first leg of the tournament today after losing to Indian Arrows in East Bengal in the previous match.
He said that in the meeting with these government officials, it was decided that those who have worked for 12 years or more will be appointed as full time employees. “Thjung first by those who have worked longer in this department,” he said.
Marak was abducted by the GNLA from his residence.
At that time, one of such markets was held at Umdiengpun, Upper Shillong near the Air Force Helicopter Landing Station.
Xenia Rose Nongsiej of St Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Pynthorumkhrah won the Best Karateka (Girls Junior) while Rebeka Nongspung of Providence School won the Best Karateka (Girls Senior).
On the other hand, Santi Bai also expressed her desire to visit NEHU. On this occasion, Prof Shukla expressed his readiness to accept the request of the Indian Ambassador to the country.
Our goal is that the villages in the remotest parts of the state will get water supply and we will continue until we reach the end”.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “The government should think first of the people because there are many poor households who don't even have a house to live in. They have taken advantage of the situation and I am surprised how they dare to demand so much from the government”.
All these are unique programmes, and Meghalaya is on track to ensure that we can implement them for the future.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Nongstoin Circle on Friday met with the District Sports Officer (DSO) of West Khasi Hills, Kong Balarina Syiem to seek clarification on the incident. regarding the screening of the children who will participate in the District Level Subroto Mukherjee Football Cup.
In an article posted on social media, the editor of the Shillong Times seems to be trying to point out that the Khasi are the most likely to shoot people and insult other ethnic groups.
Seven children have been injured in the incident but one of them, an 8-year-old boy, has been injured and has died. Take him to Jowai Hospital for injection.
Rangdajied responded before the end of the first half in the 45+2 minutes.
Conrad said the state government will meet the Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Amit Shah.
“Meghalaya is a small state compared to other states in the country like Uttar Pradesh.
You sons of Hynniewtrep, we need these laws above, if you want to save the nation.
Because of this, he has already lodged a petition with the authorities of the Government, because he does not want to lose his land to Assam.
Elenda Sangriang, mother of children from Mawpat village, said that the incident happened on July 20, 2023 when their children picked up the They went only with their children and when they got home they went home without their parents at home.
I forgot and no one reminded me to go to the Registrar's office,” he told reporters.
The court has questioned why the tribals have come to lodge a complaint against the case of trading by nontribal act and after a thorough hearing the Highcourt has fined them. 7 people, said Bah Paul and said that when I heard their demands I felt like there was something, but after reading and examining these demands, I found that they are demands. They said that the KHADC should respect the status quo order of the Meghalaya High Court. The old High Court order had nothing to do with the KHADC, but only with the State Government.
The JSM in a meeting with the Senior Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, Khliehriat has demanded the establishment of a Help-Line Number within the district to facilitate the affected farmers to seek assistance and protection. do not be afraid of this branch.
Therefore, we have celebrated our 50th anniversary without a single State University or Medical College, while Assam has almost no State University or Medical College. In three years, medical colleges have been established in each district.
“On this day, we will demand that the police should arrest all those involved in the murder of Bah Harpis and we will also demand that the Government should take action and implement the drug policy," said Mr. Junestar.
We will ensure that our officers will investigate and conduct inspections of the schools and we will ensure that every teacher does their duty properly and if you don't do your duty properly, you destroy the future of the students,” he said. he said.
At present, the work has started and according to the decision of the Dorbar Shnong, it will not be inaugurated on the 27th by the DC of East Jaintia Hills.
There have been criminal groups who have tried to take advantage of these religious groups not only on the border of Assam and Meghalaya but this has happened all over the country,” said Bah Syiem. There are incidents of posters and those involved in not giving authority to those in power without proper permission, not taking advantage of religion and education in Marmain area on the border with Assam.
He said that according to the decision of the Supreme Court, the land should be sufficiently spaced, not to park or put the goods on the road to disturb the people.
Shillong: The District Council Court, through an order of the High Court of Meghalaya on 13.12.19, will start an investigation into the charges against the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Latho Manik Syiem. On 20.01.15, the Executive Committee of the Hima Mylliem has sent a letter to the Executive Committee of the Hima Mylliem. KHADC, Shillong against Latho Manik Syiem together with Thwelson Manik Syiem, Syiem Khynnah for their violent and illegal encroachment on the land of the Hima in Mawpat and Umbir Forest (UCC) by selling Paiem Latho was also temporarily suspended from the post of Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
However, in the struggle to reach everyone, regardless of their rank, the purchase of these mobile phones has increased rapidly even in the rural areas. mobile has got into every corner of the house.
Because Jesus will come down to earth to rule and judge for 1000 years here on earth.
The Weeknd has entered the Guinness World Record as the most popular artist in the world with 111.4 million Spotify streams. and he is also the first artist to have 100 million listeners.
Before the start of the match, Moodymmai Cricket Club won the toss and elected to bat first and took seven wickets in 35 overs.
Many of the parents of the players who participated this year, said that their children, have informed them (parents) that the food system is not sufficient at present On the day of the meeting, some of them complained that they have not received any food since they arrived at the stadium at 9 pm, but they still received it until 5 pm.
It is to be recalled that on 23rd July 2020, the Lympung Ki Hynriew Shnong has met with the CS Rao to urge him to remove the shopkeepers from GS Road to Motphran and Iewduh.
The performers include Michael The Dancer, Vivek Pradhan and Nishan Biswa.
But at the same time, the heat these days is also susceptible to illness if people are just too tolerant.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Member of the Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhar, in a statement, warned that these people, who walk to the villages at night, may be fraudsters.
The RDA will soon announce its candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary seat, which is currently led by Congress MP Vincent H. Pala.
In a statement, Bah KKD Samiam, General Secretary of the World Mission, invited all the believers, members and supporters to attend the event.
Former RBYF leaders from Founder Secretary RB Shadap, former Presidents Doris Sulein, FM Mawphniang, BB Makdoh, CL Masharing and other leaders from Moris Lyngdoh, u PN Namsaw, James Lamo, Dip Ryntathiang, Lover Lyngdoh and other former leaders.
They have stopped working and the people who need to meet with the officers or ministers have not been able to open the stone and cut the ribbon.
Many drug traffickers across India have escaped punishment only because: (1) The Investigating Officer has been stingy and has not gone to court within 14 days, when the accused is in judicial custody. (Retired Justice SR Sen of Meghalaya is very strict, it is not enough to arrive late, all the I.O.s must be present before he sits in the field trial).
In 1969, Mysore State reached the semi-finals of the Asian Champions League Tournament, now known as the AFC Champions League.
Regarding these four villages, including Umsamlem, Quinine, Rongpharkong and Umnget, RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, said that at present, the government officials from the health department have They have been searching for those who have been in contact with this man and have also checked their health. Not only that but the health officials will work hard to find out all the 2309 people. 409 households living in these 4 villages.
Up to 225 commendation discs and certificates were awarded by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
She said that it was just a friendly conversation while he was preparing for the book, and it was just a friendly conversation without thinking that the voice massage would spread.
He said that in the age of science & technology man has been able to ascend to the heavens but life and death, man on earth cannot understand at all because life and death is the maïan which the master hath set.
However, India has denied any allegation of involvement in the killing of the militant.
A contractor from England was killed by ISIS militants yesterday.
Police have already taken the body of Bah Boris from the place where he was buried after the guidance of his brothers.
Shillong, March 25: The Police Department has informed those youths who have applied for the post of Police Officer in the Follower of the Eastern Range and who have passed the PET RACE and who have not reported to the 1st MLP Bn, Mawiong for the Trade Cum-Screening Test can come from the 26th, 28th, 29th and 30th of this month with their Admit Card PET, original documents, original certificates and I reported to the 1st MLP Bn Main at 6 pm.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: After the expulsion of Dr. Fenela L Nonglait from the HSPDP, it is learned that many political parties have wanted to invite Dr. Fenela L Nonglait to their party. It is clear how many organizations and those who have gone to talk to Kong Fenela, to invite her to join them.
With the approval of the dorbar, the rights of the people were violated under the leadership of the Khla-wait of the country.
This is the first time that the road has been closed, except during the curfew or other holidays celebrated across the country.
If the nation is to be healthy and well, it needs to be self-sufficient.
Awards were also distributed to the winners of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Mission Compound as the cleanest neighborhood in the city and Laitumkhrah Main Road as the cleanest market area.
These measures have opened up many opportunities for the youth and to empower them by opening the platform for the youth of the State to develop as responsible citizens and leaders for the the future of the state.
The victory of all of you is a great achievement not only for you schools, children and students, but for the community and the nation as a whole”.
Coal miners or coal traders who wish to mine coal must obtain a license and to obtain a license they must submit a Geological Mapping, Geological Report and Mining Plan and others to obtain a Clearance. from the Ministry of Environment and Forests of the Government.
“Take it when they give you 5, I'll give you one,” said Santa and sent for a plastic bag to put in one of the workers.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chancellor of USTM, Mahbubul Hoque, welcomed the two scholars who have received the Padma Shri Award and also the other doctors who have decided to Shillong, Jymmang, 03 : U Myntri has worked with USTM to provide the best services to the students and also to the sick patients who will come for treatment at USTM.Shillong, Jymmang, 03 : U Myntri The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday launched and handed over the Waste Collection e-Vehicles to supply electricity to different blocks of East Jaintia Hills. Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
Those who are involved in all aspects.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the DIG Eastern Range, Bah AR Mawthoh who said that the problems faced by women are difficult to explain because they affect their minds and bodies.
“They expressed their satisfaction when we had the opportunity to discuss with them because we also know better about the way they work here through the Zilla Panchayat Council and they also know better about the KHADC and the powers we have. Shillong, November 11: Shillong MP Vincent H Pala has sent his comments on the Uniform Civil Code. (UCC) to the Law Commission of the country by urging it to conduct a thorough investigation into the impact of the UCC if implemented before taking any decision.
Even the 8 and 9 who were proud of their value, have now lost because the 1 and 0 have become
Phrangki Buam scored the first goal from the penalty spot in the 60th minute while Parvaj Bhuiya scored the second goal for Lajong in the 65th minute.
Two teams from each group will qualify for the semi-finals, which will be played on the 1st of November, while the final will be played on the 4th of November.
The government sources said that the upcoming MDC elections in the state should be held in new constituencies.
Other sources said that he has lost contact with the Congress leaders in the state, although he is a Congress MLA and many of his supporters have left. They said that the MDC of Langrin, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, has close ties with the government and Congress leaders. especially the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma than Rowell.
Recently, the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills Sector headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State, has met with various groups in Nongstoin including the Village Authorities on this issue.
At the same time, the police have detained them at the police station for five days.
So, when I saw this attitude of them, I remembered the story that says that “in the land of the blind, they make king the one who sees only one eye.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Shillong Municipal Board (PHE) has received water from the Public Health Engineering (PHE) free of charge.
Shillong: The HSPDP leader and Mawkyrwat MLA, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, on Tuesday said that he does not feel it is necessary to criticize a person when he has been in office for less than 10 or 2 months.
The robbers reportedly set fire to several houses in Khamenlok village and dozens of people were injured in Gobajang, Tamenglong district.
Until now, it is not clear whether the party will continue to hold public meetings only at Adl.
If so, I'll tell you that during the election, you go and vote only for those who are right.
Drishti was in Jaflong in Sylhet, Bangladesh last month and earlier in Mendipathar, Garo Hills.
Agat Chu Chetai K Marak scored 15 runs for Tura to reach 100 runs.
Rangdajied United FC will play against Umphyrnai SC at 10 pm in the first match and Sohryngkham SC in the second match. The third match will be between Mawreng SC and Kynton U Mon at 1:30 pm. The fourth match will be between Mawreng SC and Kynton U Mon at 1:30 pm. Mawkriah SC will play against Mawkriah SC at 3:00 pm and the final match of the day will be between Rangskhen ACC and Challenger Football Academy at 4:15 pm at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
Suddenly Gracia said, “I used to wonder why they called the church the holy house.
On the other hand, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that the incident was caused by heat and the police will summon all the groups involved in the incident. .
Unfortunately, the NDA Government led by the BJP and supported by the NPP has rejected the requests of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya and thus the MMDR Act has come into force in Meghalaya.
Expressing his confidence that the UDP will lead the new government, Dr Aman said, “The UDP will be stronger from today.
The opportunity to contest the election to the Legislative Assembly is no longer new but the intention of any candidate is new to contest the election.
Shillong, June 21 : The 2nd May Inter School Sports Meet 2023 organized by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongthliew Circle has come to an end on Friday. 20-04-2023) in Nongthliew.
Many people were surprised by the accident but as they went down, the traffic jam became stronger and stronger until they reached Lai mer. When we reached Umshyrpi, we found that there was nothing wrong with the road but the vehicles were running smoothly.
In the next match, Meghalaya will play against Assam on Saturday.
However, as time goes by, instead of growing, this factory seems to have collapsed.
For example, the Mawbynna of Mar Phalyngki in Nartiang, the Mara Creek in Lum Shillong, the Ramhah Khoh in Thangkarang and many others.
However, he did not complete his term due to poor health and now Basu's title will be taken over by Chamling, who will be the long-term prime minister. India's largest city.
This has been evident from the letters received by the police officers from time to time.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The State Government has set up a fund to raise funds for the needs of MeECL including its three departments including the Transmission Company, Distribution Company and Distribution Company. emergency needs when needed.
“According to reports in recent months, police have arrested people involved in smuggling cows to Bangladesh through Pynursla, Muktapur, Shella, Nongjri, Tamabil and other border areas of the state,” he said. “We are pleased to hear the responsibility of the Pynursla Police Station who are working hard in their duties as law enforcement officers,” said Bah Lamare.
The BJP MDC from Jowai North Constituency, Bah Brighstar Chyrmang, said that the exemption of Meghalaya from the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) is only an election ploy by the BJP. Congress candidate Vincent H Pala on Friday at Raliang village in West Jaintia Hills.
The Sordar Shnong of the village, while talking to this reporter, said that the village has not been able to lodge a complaint or report with the police even after the Dorbar Shnong has already received dozens of suspects. children who were suspected to have been involved in the accident through the information of the residents at the dorbar held on Saturday last month, he said that in fact the village should have went on Monday, but because many families who came to report that they had children who were involved in the disaster were in distress.
Alisha Lyngdoh scored the second goal in the 23rd minute.
Police are awaiting the post mortem report, but said it is suspected that she was stabbed to death and thrown inside.
Krishna said Aadhaar/UID is only an identification with 12 numbers and not a card.
When asked about the purchase of electricity from other states, Sanjay said the electricity department has tried to purchase electricity from other states but as the price is low, the department has not refused to take action. to turn off electricity while it cannot buy electricity.
He said that on the same day of the VPP meeting, which was attended by Bah Ardent, he too had a meeting with the Engineers of the PHE department to distribute water to the entire Rangshken area.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: “With the increase in marriage and other activities, and the increase in violence against women, it is essential for the youth not only to receive education but also to receive education. in terms of the ability to improve their lives,” said Dr. (Ms.) Founder of Enfold Proactive Health Trust, Bangalore.
Nongstoiñ, June 22: The empowerment of women from children to women and the elderly by the highest authorities has become a stronghold to protect them from all kinds of violence. whether it is in the home such as beating, assault or rape of a woman by her husband, which the law does not provide for to prosecute anyone involved in such a case by a special law, The Domestic Violence Act is punishable by imprisonment for many years.
Shillong, Nailar 9 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has directed all three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to document their customs, culture, language and heritage. and the lifestyle of the indigenous peoples of the state, including the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
During the construction of the site, there was a collaboration between the residents, the village headman, the village leaders and the Soil & Water Conservation officers.
The report said that in Kerala and Telangana, residents were being harassed by the political parties.
Bah Let also promised to look into the power of Bah Shanbor.
An important aspect on the purpose of this process is to include those who have gone to surrender and turn to a better life to stop committing violence.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Governor, Bah Metbah said that the Governor has requested to give him a few days to complete the investigation. This is the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA),
Shillong: The Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, on Tuesday said that the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 is a terrible bill if it becomes a law. .
He said that if the forest officers are so strict, why don't they go to the areas to check if there is a law against cutting down trees.
“When I saw the speech of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma in the Legislative Assembly, he said that he wants to see the income of the state reach 10 billion dollars economically. The state is not able to carry horses because the production is very low.
If they do not, the organization will not be responsible if anything happens to them.
She said that in a meeting with the ASHAs recently, the Government will look after the health of the ASHAs through MHIS when they need treatment and will also develop a policy regarding the selection of ASHAs. ASHAs in each village.
In addition to the beginning of the strong foundation of the scattered Christian churches, the foundation of Hinduism became stronger and stronger and the Muslim religion gradually spread in the Khasi Hills. in the country of Lajong.
The implementation was conducted by Arvind Rana, SDM Kotwali Darya Ganj, Labour Department, Bal Vikas Dhara, recipient of the Bachpan Bachao Andolan (BBA) Award of Kailash Satyarthi and a team of police officers. night of Tuesday.
We have to suffer and face many kinds of difficulties in the midst of the new challenges.
In the second half, Niaw Wasa Utd started to play well and this beautiful play of theirs turned the game into a draw.
It would be a great insult to the past to believe that only the Government of Conrad K Sangma can find a solution to the border dispute.
Pressure : pressure is not exerted on anything; khia is a strong weight to carry or carry.
He said the number of training institutions in India has increased in the rankings and informed about the opening of two IIT campuses in Zanzibar and Abu Dhabi.
He said that the youth of the state should not only look for jobs in the state but should also go abroad to look for jobs in various central government departments as government jobs in the state have increased. .
Shymplong SC has won the third title in the Narpuh District Football Tournament (ENSA) held at Umkiang on Thursday.
The end of the world is near.
Trump considers the 36-year-old leader's recent appearance to be proof that he is alive.
They also said that it is necessary for the residents of East Jaintia Hills and the state as a whole to know and understand the situation and to gain confidence in the measures taken to improve the related to the electricity distribution industry.
Political observers said that the absence of educated youth from entering the political arena is a sign of hopelessness for the future of the country and the nation and the reason may be that they don’t have the money to contest elections and buy votes to win elections.
Shillong, Nailar 03 : The HSPDP has waited for a reply from Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang before contesting the election. MLA elections will be held in
Since its inception as the 7th IIM in the country in 2007, IIM Shillong has achieved many milestones, including winning various competitions such as Wipro Earth College, L'Oreal Brandstorm, Mahindra Warmroom, CFA Ethics Challenge, CRISIL, HSBC, and Deloitte Consulting, among others.
In the second half, Rangdajied became stronger and continued to score the goal of Niaw Wasa.
Nothing was said.
The entrance fee for the day will be 700 tyngka.
Nongpoh: There has been a border crossing by the Assam government in the Rani area, where the Assam government has come to continue the forced construction of a road connecting Rani village. Kopli is located in Umshalani, which is still in Ri-Bhoi District.
On the part of the Secretary of the Dorbar Kher, Bah Lobijoy Diengdoh, he expressed his appreciation and encouragement to Samla Rubul Chyne for his good deeds, which is also an example to other residents. who will repeat such contributions to other families in the future.
Furthermore, it was informed that according to these rules and regulations, the use of plastic is prohibited and all types of plastic should not be less than 100 micron in thickness. plastrit, such as balloons, plastic bags, cigarette boxes, plastic bags and other plastic items and this ban will come into force from 1st November 2022 in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Body today left for the Secretariat to meet with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha after receiving confirmation from the office of the CS. it will be 3:30 pm.
It is alleged that the policeman, while under the influence of alcohol, raised his hand to a home guard and at that time, another home guard, Yoowanka Phai, tried to slap the policeman. but he lifted up his hand, and touched her.
The presence of various organizations helps a lot in developing leaders in the society and it cannot be denied that many of those who have been in leadership positions for quite some time are indeed people who are good at not to serve the public and improve their character and abilities.
Up to 25 teams have qualified for this tournament, including those who have won the tournaments held last year.
The world has too many people of science, too few people of God.
The Seng will continue to monitor this issue for the benefit of the community.
Regarding the giving of jait kpa, Bah Ardent said that this is his own decision and will and he does not force anyone.
“As I informed the UCC in my previous speech, I spoke about the views on the UCC, the idea is what we have thought,” Sangma told reporters.
Since yesterday, it has been seen that the state police have started to smuggle iit iong vehicles, but does the smuggling end only among the people, what about the government officials? The law should not be limited to the people, but should always be 100% for everyone.
Thombor Shiwat also appointed them as Vice-Chairman.
Therefore, one of the attempts is to create general issues that are necessary in society which can be included in a single objective that can be agreed upon by the ethnic parties first, because the political parties in India depend on the authority of the headquarters of India.
Vikash said that the army has closed these roads for three years now and there is a time when they open only once and this closure of the gates and roads has caused the people to South Shillong, West Shillong to encounter difficulties on foot to Khyndai Lad, and to walk shortly without having to drive.
The survey is in accordance with Section 4 of the Scheme,
In connection with this incident, Bah Julius K Dorphang, MLA of the area, as the village falls under the Mawhati Constituency, has personally inspected the condition of the bridge in order to expressing his feelings as a leader of the people of the area.
Reform and strengthen the management of schools from Primary to Higher Secondary.
Jowai, June 24: The Seiñ Raij Ialong, as usual every year before the children of thousands sow the seeds in the fields, will once again hold the Nohsakyriat and Shad Sukra.
Jowai: Relatives of two youths aged 14 and 15 years old have rescued them from Umpleng lane Cement in Sutnga Elaka this morning.
He said that our ancestors protected the waters, rivers, nature and forests and that is why we are happy as we are now.
This order comes into force today, 3rd November
In the past few days, a similar incident has happened in Saphai village, West Jaintia Hills which has claimed the lives of several children while another woman has been killed. died the following Sunday.
Shillong, Nai Tung 15: U P. Bakshi, IAS, DC, West Garo Hills, has lodged a complaint with the Tura Police Station that he received an email threatening to kill him. It was sent in the name of IGP, CID Meghalaya and sent through email ID Ig.
WHO Head of Africa, Dr. Matshidiso Moeti, said that the new vaccine is a golden opportunity to curb the spread of the disease in these countries. the days to come.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: “In fact, I don't want to criticize or point fingers at each other in the newspapers for the election,” said Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit. UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh has alleged that Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit is the MP candidate of Dr. Mukul Sangma and other Congress MLAs who are against Vincent Pala.
“On the allegation of corruption in the NPP-led government, he said that from the beginning he had already stated that it was just an election campaign.
“We have already talked to our MLAs on joining hands and forming a new government but we don't know why they came out because in the morning we have already arranged but they came out suddenly and left. meeting," he said.
By Bah Philip MarweinThe election campaign and the counting of votes are over.
Luton Town last participated in the tournament in 1992, so they had to wait 31 years to take part in the biggest tournament in England.
After the discovery of the Longkmie, Bah Charles Marngar, expressed his special thanks to the Dispur Police Station and especially to the staff of the NGO, for their special care. Longkmie and especially those who have been treated, without having to pay for it.
He said that the ARPA has met with the Governor to urge him not to pass the Bill and it is on this basis that the Governor has listened to the ARPA and until now he has not. approved the passage of the Bill.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umkiang, requested the BSNL to clarify on the loss of network of the tower so that the people do not lose confidence and understand the reason.
Since the 18th until today, no one has collected the garbage from the shopkeepers in Amlarem which has caused a lot of traffic jam to the people especially vehicles who have to avoid the garbage collected in one place on the road. .
It can be said that in this match it was also a match in which the players of the state gained understanding and courage without any doubt.
On the day of his second swearing-in ceremony as the Chief Minister of the State, Conrad Sangma told the media that his Government will continue to monitor the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). ) in Meghalaya and the task of resolving the border dispute with Assam within this five-year period.
Dr. Kalam was a Guest Lecturer at IIM Shillong.
He said that when he tried to find the contractors, he couldn't find them, because they just listened and didn't come out.
The four MLAs who have resigned include Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang MLA from AITC, Ferlim CA Sangma MLA from Selsella Constituency from NPP, Benedic R Marak MLA from Selsella Constituency from NPP. Raksamgre and Samuel M Sangma MLA from Baghmara Constituency who joined the UDP. All four of them handed over their resignation letters to the Speaker, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who received them today.
Bantei said that during the Hill State struggle, the volunteers had sworn to continue chess even if they died. “The former leaders were different breeds. , different class.
It is to be recalled that in the case of E.V.Chinnaiah v. State of Andhra Pradesh and Others, 2004, the Hon'ble Supreme Court, through five (five) judges, has overturned the the power of the States to divide the Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes, because it is illegal, according to Articles 14-16 of the Constitution.
On the same day, HYC leaders from the Killing Unit and Umtyrnga Circle, also conducted a visit to inspect the parmaws in the area, where they found that there is still a “As residents, we are in great trouble, because of the movement of these heavy vehicles with excessive loads. , has caused the rapid destruction of the road and at the same time the continuous movement of these heavy vehicles, has also caused a huge traffic jam, which has also caused us to breathe,” said the residents of this area.
There are 34 units completed and the remaining 12 units will be completed in the coming months.
He said that the situation does not allow the Bangladesh government to take them and at present, the Bangladesh government is making arrangements for this purpose.
Pynbhalang Kharsati tied 30 runs from 35 balls, Saqib Khan 23 runs from 17 balls while Agusten Marak took five wickets. .
Speaking to media, Tynsong said that the ration distributors should not charge the transportation fee from the recipients of the ration as the government has already paid the transportation fee. he is rich.
Besides the affected visitors, St. Jude Secondary School in Umpher village has been severely affected and the water has entered the classrooms on the ground floor. the entry of water and the handkerchief.
Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Vice President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association (IAS) was the chief guest in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Assistant Director, Bah PB War Nongbri. K.Passah Assistant Director Sports and Youth Affairs, in the presence of DSOs of different districts of the state.
Till date, nothing can be said about this matter because it will only be discussed when all members of the MDA come together as a team for decision making and this does include the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, NCP and the independent MLA’s.
However, what is surprising is that when she went to the school yesterday, she found that she had been cheated.
Chival Lipon scored 9' and Hynriew Ryngkhlem 15' &
He said that after many months since the passage of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021, many members of the community have expressed their concern regarding the impact of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, law.
The meeting will be held on the 15th and 16th in the presence of Suresh Prabhu, Bangladesh Tourism Minister Rashed Khan Menon, Bangladesh Children's Foreign Minister Shariar. Alam, the Ambassador of Bhutan and Myanmar government officials will also attend the meeting.
“At about 12:30 pm, in talks with the officers, it was decided to move the venue for the public hearing to the Community Hall inside the grounds.
There are constituencies where up to 20 candidates have applied for tickets, this is because the VPP party is strong in these constituencies.
A large country like ours needs many leaders elected by the people, but if elected by the majority, it will lose the share of the western states and this is not I can't accept it.
Until now, no arrest has been made and it is not clear who was involved in the fire.
Noting that the State Government has failed to provide impartial and transparent governance in Manipur, the Union said that the Government has been accused of being involved with a group that illegal activities have been carried out in the State.
At the same time, the word Riewlum refers only to people and the word Nonglum can refer to both people and places.
The road to success is not easy.
After we got our own State of Meghalaya in 1972, we established our own Board to conduct the Class X Examination. and that its headquarters have been established in Tura.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), today wrote to the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, demanding the construction of a tribal tourism project at Polo Orchid. implemented through the Tribal Affairs Department of the State Government.
When asked about the UDP's position on whether the implementation of the Roster System will be from now on or from the years of the implementation of the Reservation Policy, Bah Metbah said that each person has his own Roster System. the desire, but what is necessary should be for the benefit of the people of the state.
One of the beneficiaries, Sharon D Sangma, said, “In 2018, the CEM started an investigation into the ownership of the pata. However, they have faced many difficulties due to lack of proper documents to prove their ownership, which has made it difficult to get electricity and water supply to their homes and other necessities.
Shillong, March 22: The Meghalaya Pensioners' Association (MPA) on Friday last month held a public awareness campaign on child marriage and the problems arising from it.
Regarding the 'Lost to Follow-up', the Project Director said that those who have registered have been checked and after finding that they are '+' in HIV, they are referred to ART Centres.
Congress candidate and sitting MDC from Mairang Constituency, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang said, “I don't worry about the results being announced on the 2nd. we cannot speak the truth, and what we do will be a lie.
Another news is that the Government has postponed the meeting due to the lockdown in Guwahati which will end on 12 July 2020 and the managers of cement factories have not been able to attend.
He said the Cabinet has decided to proceed with the appointment as soon as the new Office Memorandum (OM) of the Roster is issued in the next two days.
• Knowledge gained from 25 years of polio vaccination for 10 crore children during the short period of the Pulse Polio Campaign.
However, to be like strong women, it seems not easy to reach the goal of their lives.
Nongstoiñ, March 02: The treatment of poor women and the explanation to them of the welfare measures that the government has allocated for them is essential, said Dr R.Laloo. Speech on Tuesday last month at Langpih which is also a special day for the treatment of high blood pressure.
In the fourth match, Sabahmuswang beat Sohmynting 1-0 through Pyniolad Pohleng in the 32nd minute.
KB Memorial SS (East Jaintia Hills) also beat Little Star English Medium SS (Eastern West Khasi Hills) 1-1
Even if we do evil, we will receive our own evil.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, in a statement, announced that the 11th Mait Shaphrang Academic Award will be held on the 6th of this month. The program will be held at Lumshnong Community Hall at 10 pm.
Through this meeting held by the VPP in Nongpoh, it was witnessed that there was no pressure from the party to join the VPP party, but the people themselves were enthusiastic and enthusiastic. Hundreds of people have joined the party by registering their names through the paper to confirm that they are members or leaders of the party. On the other hand, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP party, expressed his satisfaction that the people of the VPP party have come to support the VPP party. Whatever the reason and the main reason is that they understand the foundation of the party and what the party has done to fight for the rights of our brothers and sisters in the state.
“All these departments are held by the UDP. I have a firm belief that the people of Meghalaya are not so stupid that they don't see this,” he said.
“I congratulate the BJP, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
According to a source, the KSU has turned to the police station after an allegation that Bah BC Shadap, Officer Incharge of Mawkyrwat Police Station, has been arrested. he shook hands with a member of the party who was on his way to sign a petition at the police station.
He said that although there has been peace, but the residents are still worried, and if there is still violence, the KHADC will continue even if it is midnight. only from the Karbi and Khasi and not from other ethnic groups.
The House has approved the amendment of the Prevention of Disqualification Bill, 2015 to repeal Part 9 of the Schedule of the Prevention of Disqualification. ) Act, 1972.
He said that the party also congratulates the state government for listening to this demand and although Bah Khonglah has been a BDO who has served for many years and provided good service to the people, but Because of his reinstatement, after a few months of his dismissal, it was as if we had received another new BDO or a new Bah Khonglah.
The KSU has organized this award ceremony to encourage the members of the Jaidbynriew who have brought glory to the community through their successful passing in the examinations held in
The Presbyterian Church Rymbai has announced that it has arranged for traffic and parking on Sunday at the KJP Synod Mihngi Youth Service Khadphra held at Rymbai, East Jaintia Hills District. vehicles for the safety of the public and vehicles.
In the second match, Mulang Ialong beat NSA 5-1 goals were scored by Charelang Mulieh in the 15th minute, Tushar Pale in the 19th minute and Nidaroi Mulieh scored three goals in the 33rd, 48th and 60+1 minutes.
PFR Football Academy had many opportunities to score two goals in the first half, but they played without losing their position despite scoring two goals but the team was bad. did not have a chance to score until the end of the scheduled minute.
Women and the public attended the ceremony.
The court has allowed the complainants to return to their villages and has agreed that the complainants will not proceed with the case. .
The Special Session of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday passed the Village and Town Development Council Bill
Against Nagaland, Afzal top scored with 58 runs supported by Sujal Prasad with 32 runs.
In Bangladesh, it is prohibited by law to drink marijuana, according to Islamic law.
The UDP candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, who is known as 'Pup', has promised that Bah HDR Lyngdoh, his son, will complete the outstanding work if the people vote for him. They will elect him in the MLA elections to be held on 10th June,
Through this goal, the team got encouraged and didn't allow Shillong Lajong to score.
Gladdy Kharbuli scored the first goal for Lajong.
“The continuous fall of stones has blocked vehicles from passing at Shalgadi, near Banihal.
When it comes to other types of jobs such as welding factories, furniture, food processing and others, there are many jobs in our villages, but sometimes they disappear and collapse just because the government she didn't remember to help and carry them higher so they wouldn't fall over halfway.
He also urged those who want to lead the nation to train themselves first to know the history of the nation, to know the constitution, to read the laws, to read the Notifications, then they will be qualified to lead the people of the nation.
The incident occurred at 11:43 pm.
Shillong: As part of the celebration of the New Year 2021 and also to promote tourism in the Hima Lyngiong, East Khasi Hills District, a trekking tour was held from Laitditu Mountain. to the Waintali Valley, which also has its own creeks, and to Lum Marok.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Vice President of the Meghalaya Wrestling Association, Isaiah Kharmawphlang, said that the association was formed overnight and most of the children who compete are mixed martial artists.
Vaccines are distributed by health workers every six or twelve months, or more frequently for other types of vaccines.
Govt LP School Iooksi Iapkhla, the oldest school in Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills District, which has been in service for 102 years, has collapsed and this has made it difficult for the students and teachers to attend classes due to the collapse of the building. jot and classrooms have turned into pools of water.
This school is one of the oldest schools in the state and the country, and has produced many women who are a blessing and benefit to the community in the region and the country. different levels.
Regarding the spread of this eye disease, those who have been infected with this eye disease have to wear masks and even those who have not yet been infected have tried to wear masks for fear of getting sick. from those who have been affected by this eye disease.
Who was involved in the suspected corruption in the electricity department have been prosecuted under the provisions of the law? How did the rice from Meghalaya reach Assam? Why has the state government cleansed itself of any wrongdoing? I am sure that the members of the NLCN have seen how politicians and government employees have become rich easily.
On that basis, they stood firm to fight against the power of unjust wealth and money, by teaching their candidates to avoid the use of money and to wear a strong dress in order to to build humanity in the mind in order to bring about revolution / renaissance and with that aim to build the children of thousands and improve the society in the state.
Bah Lyngdoh, who is in charge of Langpih, West Khasi Hills, said that the border talks are underway.
The deceased was identified as Teliamura, Santinagar, Khowai, West Tripura.
The alliance between the Congress and the NPP to defeat the UDP in the District Council shows the close relationship between the Congress and the NPP regardless of whether the NPP is a member of the National Democratic Alliance. The NDA has joined the BJP in New Delhi.
Nongpoh: A few months ago, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, has sent a petition to Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Minister of PWD, to explain the problems of the people. in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, who have complained about the excessive deterioration of the road from Lailad to Umrit and who have also demanded the construction of a new road by widening and allowing two lane traffic to along this road.
Nongpoh: The delay by the state government in the construction or completion of Residential Schools, has caused a lot of concern to many people and especially to the people who live near those places. The state government has started implementing these schools.
The Minister announced that the tablets will be distributed to all Secondary and Graduate teachers.
Does the law apply only to the Khasi? “If this continues, the rain will turn into rain and the government should take responsibility,” said Biangbor L.Paliar, President of KSU Mawlai Circle and Eric Nongkynrih, President of KSU Mawlai Circle. KSU Nongthymmai Circle, in a statement.
As a sign of encouragement to the students who have achieved success in their studies, the college has honored 150 students who have completed their Degree and also Ibansara Iawphniaw (HSSLC) received the K. Dhirendro Academic Achievement Award and Aiborlang Syiemlieh received the Rowell Academic Achievement Award. .
The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) will conduct a talent search program for children under 16 years of age, both men and women.
Why didn't this issue arise during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma, why now?, asked Paul.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Saturday announced that Kohli will also miss the third Test against England.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District on Monday announced that the new price of petrol will come into effect immediately. The wholesale price at Jowai and Thadlaskein depots is T.46 per litre. , Shangpung river price is T.48.70 per litre.
However, they entered India through the Instrument of Accession for the first time on 15 December
The Chief Minister has increased the tax on cigarettes and tobacco and other items to 7 per cent from the current 20 per cent. year.
That is why they feel like strangers when it comes to trade in Judah.
Those who have scored the highest marks in HSSLC or CBSE or ICSE, Physics, Chemistry and Biology must submit their applications to DHS (in other states).
Nongrum urged the PWD department and the state government to take action to repair the road so that the people can travel easily in the area.
On the other hand, u Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said, “The rule for all is that those who leave the state and those who return, if their test is negative, they can to go to work, but while they are waiting for the test report, they should be quarantined.
Rickson Nongsiej scored the first goal in the 11th minute and Reykhel Mawlong scored the second goal in the 39th minute.
This is the first time that Iapmala Presbyterian Secondary School which was established in 1994 as Iapmala LP School, but thanks to the hard work of the school committee, it has been upgraded to Secondary School in also the first prize after these children have passed well.
Those who attended the meeting included the VPP leader from Jaintia Hills, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, Deiwi Tongper, Convener VPP Narpuh Circle. VPP, also received performances from the children who entertained the audience.
The Government will be pleased to do ei2
Therefore, according to the NH Fee Rules 2008, any vehicle without FASTag passing through these toll plazas will be fined and will have to pay arshah the prescribed fee.
Leaders and members of the Scheduled Tribe Demand Committee of Manipur (STDCM), most of whom are women, on the 2nd of this month held a rally at two places and tried to to walk to the gate of the Manipur Legislative Assembly in Imphal.
On the night of 8th July 2018, a BSF soldier, Depenkar Ghosh, tried to rape a woman in the area near the dewbilat company.
“AMDA and Sain Productions have organized competitions across the country before the semi final of this competition to open up opportunities for talented children from low income families to win “This step taken by the authorities gives hope to us parents who have little income,” said one of the women.
The delay in getting the registration and symbols has prevented us from winning many seats.
On 19.03.1987 at a meeting at KND Hall Shillong, Prof. GG Swell, MP, “expressed his regret that in the rule of Meghalaya, they have been busy developing themselves and the rule has been slow. reach all over the border of India"
Also, children will be free from mental stress and this leads to the courage and insight of their children in all aspects.
“This shows the unity among the women to uplift each other,” he said.
Replying to the allegation that the Sengbhalang Islam Jirang Unit, has been spending tens of thousands and lakhs of rupees to convert to Islam, he said that there is no such thing. but as the Seng we provide and assist those who come to ask for assistance, whether in money or in materials.
On the occasion, the state police have registered a case and handed over the two suspects and the firearms seized to the Tengnoupal police. part to conduct the remaining investigations.
Khailang Dkhar and Hami Dkhar are from Khliehtyrshi Village, West Jaintia Hills.
There are also some places where the pyrla or pernu is used to send a message to the woman as a sign to ask the young man, especially in the riwar areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaïaw Circle on Saturday awarded awards to the students who live in the villages of Jaiaw Pyllun.
The party appeals to the people of Hynniewtrep to be vigilant and not to succumb to the spread of such rumors.
This disease is also more common in cold areas, so it is usually better to buy rice seeds from colder areas.
“We inform all the vendors that from this month onwards they should no longer pay for cleaning, if anyone comes to collect them, please let us know,” said Kmen Kharbithai Treasurer of the Vendors Association. .
U Bah Edira said that as the people of Hima Langrin, we want the District Council to repeal this Act so that the Hima will be in peace and order. the custom as in the days of old.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, KSU, FKJGP, HUAM, HYC and HANM has arrived in Mawsynram for the celebration. Border Area College, Mawsynram, where they too had intended to submit a petition but unfortunately the Sengbhalang did not have the opportunity to meet at the meeting.
Goyal expressed his surprise at the allegation that these eight people are from Bangladesh, and said that if they are from Bangladesh why were they allowed to stay in the state. ask what is the reason that kwi is allowed to live here.
There are also other departments to spend on this project.
And by His death and through the blood of His Son He has saved us by faith in Him. sin and its sins? The example we can get of how to hold fast and remain , CHRISTIAN HOUSEHOLDS AS THE LOVE OF CHRIST is only to look at the example of the LORD OF THE LOVE OF THE LORD JESUS ​​CHRIST below:-I.HIS LOVE: We remember that the Lord Jesus Christ came to this Earth for one PURPOSE and that is to save it.
The Chief Secretary of the state will convene a meeting with the banks to urge them to exempt them from linking Aadhaar with the bank accounts of the people as it has caused a lot of problems to the people. because of Aadhaar.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, said that this morning, police have arrested five members of the Seng Bhalang including three from Pynthor and two from Nongmynsong.
“If you stay alone in the corona centers, it will affect your mental health because you have to stay alone”.
Assam authorities on Tuesday said that 115 residents of Assam have been arrested from Kokrajhar District for involvement in marriage to women. toddler.
After a while of continuation in the second half, India scored another goal through Anwita Raghuraman in the 61st minute to take a 7-0 lead.
After these years she continued as an Executive Member of the Dorbar Shnong and Sport Club until 2013 when she was re-elected as the President of Nongrim Hills SS &CC until the day of her death.
Shillong, Nailur 24 : The U-17 football team of Ïewrynghep Secondary School, which represented Meghalaya in the Subroto Mukherjee Cup 2022, has come to an end after losing 2 -0 goals against CSSS Alakhpura Bhiwani, Haryana in the quarter-final match on Thursday evening at SPFG. Unfortunately, on this day, they didn't finish in terms of scoring goals.
These vacancies include the post of Assistant Teacher (Arts)/Assistant Lecturers (Biology/Chemistry) and this post is on contract basis.
This warning should not be taken lightly or ignored and should not be forgotten or ignored.
Shillong: The Government of India has released the second installment of the Post Matric Scholarship worth T.41 crore to the Scheduled Tribe students of Meghalaya for the year 2022-2
The following teams participated in Pool-A: Chyrmang Wah, Tympang, Mukhla Umlangshor, Mookyrdup and Nonglatem.
Speaking about the short film, Dia, who is also the Goodwill Ambassador of UNEP and UN Secretary General's Advocate for SDG, said it was a great honor to be able to participate in the film. and the UN short film and especially to talk about how to protect the oceans.
The department also supports youth to undergo training inside and outside the state in various fields including training from 6 months to 3 years.
The Calcutta High Court has ordered the state not to deploy security forces during the Hanuman Jayanti celebrations.
When they have harvested the fruits of their hard work, they put them in bags and load them into commercial vehicles to take them to the market to sell.
The foods that give us the strength to carry out our daily activities, that nourish us, that brighten our appearance are good foods that strengthen our body.
The BJP has formed the Scheduled Tribe Morcha (Scheduled Tribe Morcha) under the BJP, Meghalaya Pradesh on 31st July at its office at Bivar Road.
James Sylliang MDC Mawhati has met with the Coordinator of Meghalaya Agrovet Private Ltd, Bernadine Mawkhiew. Mawkhiew also asked for time to complete various plans and also to stop dumping garbage into the river.
Umkseh SC scored two goals in the first half through Dibastar Rani in the 16th and 30th minutes.
Therefore, to achieve this goal set by the central and state governments, these government officials also called upon the parents, youth and children to work together for the to make the SBM target a success as set by the central government, they added.
Full-time! ⌛ It ends in a draw as both 7 Wasa United and @officialtraufc have canceled each other out in the end.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, have extended their Behdeiñkhlam greetings and blessings to the children of Seiñraij Tuber through Video Conference.
Speech was also delivered by the Deputy Director (Weaving) Kong MR Lywait who explained the purpose of the day and informed that the National Handloom is celebrated every year on the 7th of this month. u Nailar to remember such residents.
Adding to this, Dr Mukul said that although the party came to the state only a few months before the elections, the failure to get up to 17% vote share is a sign that the party has not been able to get 17% vote share. The people have accepted the party in the state.
“This will make a difference in people’s lives.
Dr War said the deceased was identified as Khangsngi Nongsiej, resident of Ksehkohlong, Mawthadrashain Block. He was admitted to Mirang Civil Hospital for breathing difficulties, but after testing positive for Covid-19, he was sent to the Civil Hospital for severe breathing difficulties. just halfway through he died.
“The State Government has followed up on this issue from the Central Government on the ILP. The Prime Minister has led the Cabinet and we have met with the Prime Minister and we have already discussed not only the ILP but also the regarding the introduction of the Khasi and Garo languages,” said Bah Tynsong.
All farmers will receive 5000 tyngka per annum and if you multiply this 5000 by five years it means that each farmer will receive T.25,0
“Mukul Sangma has left the Congress because he thinks he has no future in the Congress but he doesn't think that the people of Garo Hills will not accept the party from outside when they have the opportunity. choose the party for the state,” he said.
The world is cold.
The reason is that God no longer wants Israel or anyone else to build temples or places of worship while there is nothing else in the soul.
Protecting yourself is also protecting everyone.
On this occasion, the Leaders of KSU Upper Shillong Circle and the members of KSU Lummawbah Unit along with the gifts also extended their best wishes to him. They also urged him to remember to work hard so that he can reap the fruits of victory and reach the throne of glory. , and especially when he goes abroad to keep the dignity and not to forget the country and the nation so that wherever he goes the spirit of patriotism will never disappear. you're more and more.
The goal for the MLP Football Team was scored by a player wearing the 18th jersey who scored in the 23rd minute of the first half.
He said that when they went to inspect the area in the evening, the members of the union found that there was a collection of money by the police from the drivers of small trucks. , Mahindra Pick-up and other types of goods vehicles.
“It is important to understand that when we plant trees, we must care for, nurture and protect them and as a nation to follow the traditions of our ancestors who did not see the value of preserving the environment through the ' The law is holy, the law is closed as an example”, said Bah Staising.
The fourth card, U de Light, was given after watching the video.
In addition, there are also a variety of creatures that live inside these caves.
However, the Social Welfare does not leave them alone, but in this area, an informal school has been set up for the children.
Shillong, Lber 13: Despite the strong opposition from the National Population Register (NPR) in the state, the implementation of the National Population Register (NPR) in the state has been slow. village.
It is also surprising to see that almost all the Receipt Slips received by these women during the withdrawal of money from the bank, were not found in the bank. However, only the date and amount of money deposited into the bank was seen through the person, whom they allegedly committed fraud against. him.
When he saw that the police have not arrested all the kharmetor robbers, he wrote to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to urge the police to take action and work hard to arrest them. that employer.
Aizawl: The Zoram People's Movement (ZPM), led by Lalduhoma, has won the MLA elections in Mizoram with 27 seats in the 40-member House.
The woman was identified as Masita Khoridaturochmah and was sentenced to six months imprisonment for raping the girl by torturing and injuring her just because she could not sleep in the house. the right time.
On the 13th of this month, the KSU under the leadership of President HE Sten, SR Shadap General Secretary and other members laid signboards along the Mynriang River in Barato area from Shem Um to “Thwei Shyrngan” The KSU said that it has no intention to protect Thwei Thlunar Tyrsoo by turning it into a Fish Sanctuary and will continue to fish in this river.
God has promised that He will never again destroy the earth with water or a flood, but He will destroy this world with FIRE. What the Word of God says is exactly that.
At this juncture, the MLAs of the Opposition should investigate these Councils and ask how much money has been spent to run them. This is called the census of the people.
It should be our agenda to reduce our carbon footprints.
Osteoporosis is a disease that threatens human health and can affect millions of people worldwide.
PP Sharma, Technical Expert, JJM, Rituparna Borkataki, MIS Expert, JJM and Mr. Onessimos Shangdiar, Training Coordinator.
Bah Buam said that besides being dismissed and banned from looking for government jobs elsewhere, the Ministry of Education has also fined 157 teachers and they have had to pay T. , 000 thousand each to the State Disaster Management Fund (SDMF) within 30 days from the date of issuance of the order.
Shillong Lajong Foot-ball Club will start its first away match of the I-League 2023-24 against Mohammedan SC from Kolkata on 3rd November this year. Bankimanjali Stadium.
Macmilan said the 2023 election has worked well for the Nongstoin Constituency and has brought about many development projects whether it is in roads, drinking water, electricity, health centres, educational institutions, tourist attractions, the former did not exist.
It was during this meeting that the two Chief Ministers decided to visit these areas in West Jaintia and Karbi Anglong to build confidence among the people.
Participants will be from Eastern West Khasi Hills District only.
VPP Spokesperson Chandigarh: Two prisoners who are still in NEET Exams have been arrested. They were elected as members of the Lok Sabha from Kashmir and Punjab.
According to them, many of these refugees have been accommodated in shelters provided by the Evangelical Baptist Convention Church and the Chin Baptist Association.
The special ceremony of Ku Tyngkong, Pator Raymond Nartiang, Pator of the Raij Jowai was held at the Langdoh Ri Blai House by the Langdoh together with Langdoh Kongwasan in the presence of Pa Dalloi of Jowai District, Waheh Puramon Kynjing, Pastor of Jowai, Pastor Tuber and Langdoh Ialong are also religious servants of the Sooraij Soo Langdoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Joint Action Committee of Meghalaya (JACATAM) on Saturday decided to convene a general meeting on the 7th of June for the teachers' associations. teachers from Khasi and Jaintia Hills to discuss the demands which have been pending for two years due to the government's lack of action.
“At the same time, he said that Bah Lyngdoh's speech has shocked and upset the drivers of commercial vehicles.
The four-day and three-night Behdieñkhlam of the Seiñraij Tuber held at Tuberkmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills has come to an end with a prayer and supplication to the Creator and the gods of the kings to protect us from the COVID-19 pandemic. -19 on Monday.
“All the graduates who work abroad work with private companies.
Earlier, the PCF had decided to nominate Pastor Basaiawmoit while the UDP had decided to nominate Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdohu said that Mairang Block is one of the oldest blocks in the state. The BDO is one of the most important offices of the government as it is the link between the citizens and the Khadar administration through various departments of the government as through it many schemes and programs of the government are implemented. State Government and Central Government.
Shillong: Traders in Iewduh say that they can sell all kinds of soaps from Vivel, Lux, Lifeboy, Dyna, Rexona, Jo, Boy, Dettol and others.
The former Congress leader said that the reason why he left the Congress party immediately was after the MDC elections and it was there that he saw clearly that the constitution of the Congress party. you don't have any more.
The residents of these bungalows, who have been ordered to leave the houses because they are against the MUDA Act, said that if the buildings are illegal after being authorized by MUDA, why MUDA? She did not come to inspect the buildings during the construction because if there is a violation of the rules laid down by MUDA, it can be corrected during the construction.
He also congratulated his supporters who came to attend the rally.
“The Prime Minister has listened to our proposal to invite the Pope back to India after the first invitation he made during his meeting with Pope Francis at the Vatican on 31 March
Expressing that the BJP's goal for the people of Meghalaya is different, Chandrasekhar said, “We are here to serve the people of Meghalaya and to work together to bring about The people and voters of Meghalaya should not be influenced by political parties or parties from West Bengal.
This song "Iai Kynmaw" (khasi song) is recorded and composed by U Kyrsoi Hujon and the song is produced by DBRYN RECORDS. which has already been released on January 4, 2023.
The oldest tournament in the country will end on 3 November
Allantry congratulated Hame's parents, family members and various leaders who contributed to bring Hame to Russia to win the Gold Medal in the under 57 Kgs Point Fighting and Silver Medal. in the Light Contact of the WAKO World Kickboxing Cup 2019 to be held in Anapa Russia from 24 – 29 November
When asked whether the prime minister has given any reason for the sudden resignation, Ma Sniaw said, “They say that I am against the party but there is no such thing”.
The toss was won by Khliehtyrshi Cricket Club who failed to tied first and scored 206 runs in 35 overs for the loss of 9 wickets.
They are quick to throw money like a valley to feel that strength.
Today, Meghalaya will aim to score 300 runs so that they can strengthen themselves in the next match.
The price of piat has increased excessively this month and has reached T.90 tyngka in the market and T.100 tyngka in the village shops.
* Eat less: Eat less or less and eat more often.
He said that the time of entry and exit to Wah Myntang is from 7 AM to 6 AM and after this time, the road is closed to those who want to enter Wah Myntang by car. .
If they are truly responsible teachers and therefore elders, they should not come forward to speak clearly.
Zechariah 14:10-11; Micah 4:1.
The candidates announced today are Nolipstar Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat, KP Pangniang from Rambrai, Badariti Lyngdoh from Mawshynrut, Martle N Mukhim from Mawkynrew, Wanstep Diengdoh from Sohra and Kestar Warjri from Mawkyrwat. Plants.
From time to time, there are cases of theft, robbery, murder, robbery, rape or violence against women and children where there is no longer that peace in the society especially the women and the children.
The Khasi child was admitted to Nazareth Hospital for treatment.
“The appointment of seven persons for the post of Vice President and seven persons for the post of Joint Secretary.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, on Tuesday, said that the Odd-Even System for commercial vehicles is only an attempt within 10 months to see if it helps or doesn’t help the traffic.
Speaking to media, he said that once the Pasture Institute is opened, it will be able to test up to 800 people per day.
The meeting was conducted by Bah S. Shemborlang Rynjah, Working President of HSPDP Pynursla Circle.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Election Commission of Meghalaya (ECI) has once again held a meeting to discuss the conduct of the MDc elections to be held on the 24th of this month. He said that it is necessary to work with Assam for the smooth conduct of the elections especially in the border areas of the two states.
There are 64 girls and 36 boys in the school from Nursery to Class Eight.
The Pynthor MLA said he saw this during a program he attended as Minister of Health and Family Welfare in Mawryngkneng in the past years.
Of course, they can campaign and oppose each other, but from the inside they help each other.
It has also appointed 996 teachers in Shillong and Tura.
Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, while reading the Word of God at the service, said, “As man was born into the world, it is also the duty of every man to return from this world and from That is why it is the duty of everyone to live a good and humble life in order to please the Lord God.
After the breaking of the rot, there was a Tyngkhain Bhang ceremony, a Knia Khlam ceremony held at Khloo Blai (Law Kyntang) known as Wah-Bhang which was performed by the Lyngdoh, Wasan of the raij.
Derek called the parties in the MDA government as Group A parties of the BJP. When asked about the Congress, the AITC leader said the situation in Goa, which is all He said that the TMC will not work with any party in the state. state of Meghalaya”.
The news, which came out of Lambha Nongrum, who was shot and injured, with the intention of taking his life, by his Pasan, has shocked the people and said, comparing this incident with other incidents, in other villages, is completely unfounded.
This statement in the report strongly suggests that there is something behind the scenes to take away the life of this leader and not to arrest him alive.
These truths can be seen even now.
The temple that exists now belongs to a Muslim.
Shillong, Lber 16: The NGT's decision to ban coal mining in the state is due to the government's failure to implement the Mining Policy.
West Khasi Hills Police have arrested the woman on the 14th of this month from her residence in Mawlai Kyntonmassar.
If a nation is to survive and move forward, it must be understanding and use its eyes and brain to decide.
Waheh Shnongs from Khanduli, Moolaber, Moojem, Moobhar, Mukroh, Lapangap, KSU members together with the people from Khanduli, Moolaber, Moojem, Moobhar, Mukroh, Lapangap.
The Committee included MLAs from all parties, experts from the writers' groups and other people who know the Committee well.
In addition, the expenditure on health has increased from T.1000 to T.
The reason is that only for 500 tyngka the money sent to buy from the shop and only for the reason that no more than 400 tyngka has been returned.
The High Court of Meghalaya was established in October 2013 and till now the High Court has only three judges including the newly appointed Acting Chief Justice Nandakumar Singh. Justice Uma Nath Singh.
“On the part of the Managing Director, while expressing his concern in the field of health through MHIS, he urged the authorities to provide their own for the people with disabilities and not to be included with the public.
He said that the film will start showing from Friday on all cable channels especially on Sunday evening.
Y Patton met Mizoram Chief Minister Lalduhoma at his residence in Aizawl on Monday.
The Court also highlighted the importance of tourism in Shillong and suggested that the increase in the number of small aircraft would boost tourism.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Many condolences from various groups have flowed and expressed the great loss to the state on the passing away of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, MLA Nongstoin who is also the leader of the HSPDP. He was known as 'Maieid' and was also known as one of the greatest fighters for the independence of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today recalled the letter it wrote to the Chief Minister on 7th July 2017 on the issue of The party wrote that the Prime Minister should hold on to the words he had spoken to the Chief Executive Members on the Village Administration Bill (VAB). It has already responded to all 12 issues raised by the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India and it is the duty of the State Government to send the issue back to the Ministry of Home Affairs. house of the Government of India.
He said that if he decides to nominate more candidates, he has to help them financially and in this district council election, there is no support from Delhi. and the NCP to decide to nominate only 2 or 3 candidates.
Dr. Mukul Sangma and Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, while campaigning for the TMC Mawhati candidate, have asked for the support of the people of Mawhati to support the TMC party. to bring about that change in this constituency and in the state as a whole.
Nitu Chullai, Headteacher Loompyrdi Iongpiah UP School, said that during the School Week, there were many competitions to encourage the children to showcase their talents and various forms of entertainment. This School Week will end on the 25th of November.
However, the family members of Bah Ktri, daughter of Kong Lyndra Mawlong, have documents that have been issued by the village for decades.
We hope that the peace talks between the Government of India, the Government of Meghalaya and the HNLC will bear fruit.
A few minutes later, Overkindness scored the best goal of the match from 54 feet, into the net through Ialamlang.
On other requirements such as the accommodation of the HNLC leaders when they come for peace talks, Bah Sadon said this will depend on the arrangements of the government.
On the other hand, the Cabinet today approved the request of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for the appointment of 8 non-trained doctors from the state government.
In a statement, the four organizations said, “These people take advantage and produce rude words as we have seen through the media which has affected the peace and order especially the truck drivers who “On the other hand, the Saw Seng urges that there should be no ethnic discrimination or foreignness while we are Khasi brothers and sisters working in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Speaking on the issue of water supply, u Bah Renikton said that the water supply to all the households in Marshilong has been completed. to use, it remains only to call a tender.
Israel is engaged in a three-pronged war in recent days, including the fighting in the West Bank, Gaza and the eastern attack on Hezbollah militants in Lebanon.
The people of this region should be like the people of Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh.
This happened at about 12 noon while the man was sleeping when a stone hit him on the head and he died on the spot. He is survived by his wife, Mashin Ryngkhlem, four daughters, one son and grandchildren.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has applied for permission to march on the 30th of this month.
The Fact Finding Committee, which includes opposition MLAs, was set up to find out about the implementation and generation of electricity from the project after the state has been experiencing severe power outages in recent days.
The MDC also urged the people who have not yet registered their land with the District Council to come forward and provide all the requirements to the District Council so that it can complete them. pending.
At the time of writing, there has been no response from the Delhi Police in this regard.
The residents of any place have no right to demand anything when the owners evict them.
The interviewer went inside the residence of Kong Kyntiewlin and took the interview with her. He said, 'Friends, here we have talked to Kong Kyntiewlin and her mother. This time, we will be able to tell you about her journey in terms of music,' and the interviewer greeted them.
Vice President – ​​Decision Making.3.
Kamnipaya Challam, Yoga Instructor, while teaching about the methods of Yoga, explained about Asana, Surya Namaskar, Pranayama and Meditation.
Because you teach the law, especially to your children.
Bhagwat, who was in Mumbai today to attend the golden jubilee celebrations of the VHP, said, “Hindustan is a country of Hindus...Hindutva is a symbol of recognition of the country and religion. I am Hindu and I am different from all the religions in the country”.
When asked why the number of market vendors and even the market dwellers of Iewduh is so low, they said that there are still many people who go outside the market. Avoid going outside in public except to go to the toilet especially in the dark.
Because of the blue color of the water every year, the union has demanded that the office of the Deputy Commissioner EJH should take this opportunity to walk along this road so that it can be seen. They don't have a hand to destroy this river.
Now it is better to think carefully whether that proclamation of patriotism is really manifested in actions or only in words.
Post Name:- Enforcement InspectorNo of posts:- 6 (Six)Age limit:- 18- 27 years as on 01-01-2019 (relaxable by 5 years for ST/SC as per Govt.
She said that the lack of roads has made it difficult for the people not only to transport food items but also to get health facilities as seven villages in the area do not have health facilities.
Bah GG Swell, although he used to be alone as a leader, he pointed out and condemned other leaders for doing wrong, but he did it for the development of the society and the nation.
In this regard, he said that the government has not paid special attention to the production of major crops such as shynrai, sying, Sohniamtra, Sohtrun, kynbat, musli musla and the production of umngap. .
Furthermore, the CAG report said that there is a shortage of funds for the MMMRF of T.14.51 crore and a shortage of T.3.29 crore due to the incompetence of the relevant department.
In the second half of extra time, both the teams and the crowd were very excited. Mookyniang had a direct kick through Chambar Shylla and the ball. The goalkeeper of Nongkhroh KSC couldn't do anything.
“We fool every five years, and the public also falls in love every five years.
The union is also surprised that the Transit Pass for the transportation of these cows has been authorized by the KHADC which shows that the market in Khanapara is owned by the KHADC and not by the Hima Mylliem. “It is surprising to know that the KHADC receives only T.10,000 per cow, while the farmers have to buy at a very low price,” he said.
After this, the Sordar Shnongs have cooperated and guarded these people who came in vehicles and after they stole, they took them away from the place.
If we force the implementation of the pali, it will affect thousands of jobs that should not be available to the Khasi by filling them with Garo even though the rights should belong to the Khasi.
Bah Richard Moksha – Vice President UDP YW, Ri Bhoi District
It is for this reason that the Word of God says – He (Jesus) came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not.
Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC and Mulait United FC won the Super Division Football League on Thursday at Lamyrsiang Stadium.
According to the leaders of the three organizations and the youth organizations of Umsohphria, after the seizure of hundreds of liters of kyad pyrsi, the vehicle and the owner of the kyiad were handed over. Patharkhmah Police Outpost to take the necessary action according to the rules of law.
District Police, Waheh Shnongs, Scouts, Guides, NSS, shopkeepers, villagers and others participated in the meeting.
Three persons including Phasding Hujon, 38, driver of Mawsiehum, Bleding Hujon, 40, of Mawsiehum and Tesding Rynthathiang, 38, of Mawblei, were seriously injured in the incident. in this case of a wooden hand truck overturning.
The VC said that the appointment of Rohit Prasad was on a contract basis for three months and the reappointment depends on their performance. There is an urgent need to appoint a special officer.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the SSA, Bah B Diengdoh, said that the desire of the SSA to cover the stadium with plastic is to allow many games to be held in one day. , natural plants cannot support many games in a day.
He said that on Saturday, the HSPDP and the GSMC at a meeting held in Tura, agreed that for Garoland State and Khasi Jaintia State to work together. They also agreed that the boundary of the land shall be as it has been marked and as it is now.
At this meeting, he said that he is against the KHADC Act which deprives the Khasi of Khasi identity who take jait from their father, while the children of the middle class only give jait to their mother. that Khasi.
“We don't want to talk about domestic issues in Manipur but we expect that the indigenous people will have an understanding and end this bloodshed because eventually we will have to understand. that there is another threat looming over us indigenous-people – infiltration of outsiders into various States of the region," he said.
“The BJP has no intention of eliminating the influx of foreigners, but it has only an intention and they say one thing before the elections and they will do another when they are in power. " said Sangma.
Because we know what the 6th Scheduled is and what the difference is with Art-371 and for this reason, we don't have the strong rules of law to make laws for the sake of the people.
It is true that there is no license because I am a mountain man but the allegations that it has been turned into a brothel are not true.
“We need the 6th Schedule and the District Councils and in fact we need to strengthen it.
These 126 households include the residents of Mawklot, Mawkhan, Mawrashe and Mawnianglah.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, President of the National People's Party Youth Front (NPPYF) Meghalaya, other elders, youth and visitors.
Not only that, the flooding has also been one of the causes of the damage to the rice.
She said that the disease and death of these pigs has happened in the past few months, when the pigs have suddenly fallen ill and died without knowing the cause. cause.
Finally, the KSU demands that the State Government should appoint an immediate and impartial investigation team to find out the perpetrators and punish and punish all those involved. In this case, if the sorar does not do anything or does not believe, the Seng will take a strong action.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) today accepted the proposal of Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to resign from the post of Minister of Home Affairs in the state government.
The protest against the removal of Bah Ernest Mawrie from the post of President has been intense in the past years especially from the two party MLAs and leaders from across the districts.
“We demand that if the government is really concerned about the suffering of the people of Umdohlun area, it should bring such things first and not waste money by bringing in the uranium road which will be a disaster. “I will meet with the DC, MLA, MDC and government ministers to move forward with the demand,” said the statement.
The tournament was opened on the 17th of July in the presence of Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports as the Chief Guest.
Ibatyngkai Nongsiej scored a hat-trick in the 4th, 20th and 30th minutes.
Where are the 36 MLAs and where are all the MPs elected by the people? The MLAs, MPs and MDCs who do not agree with the MoU should resign,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 09: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of Sawsymper Circle and Laitmawsiang Unit have honored a young man from Laitmawsiang village. and encouraged Banskhemlang Mawlong, who represented Meghalaya in the Santosh Trophy held in Saudi Arabia in recent months.
“This request of ours is not a foolish or unfounded demand, but we have based this request to implement the rights of the Supreme Court of the country. ," said Mr. Robert June.
Shillong, November 03: Shillong Lajong FC in the I-League today beat Rajasthan United 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament in Hyderabad.
The man who threatened the plaintiff was identified as Balwant Bhama, one of those accused of involvement in the illegal operation of coke factories in Meghalaya.
Going to bed without cleaning the face will block and set the pores and this will dry the skin which leads to infection in the face.
Referring to toothpaste, they said that Colgate is the most popular product and they can manage it well and the sales capacity is 40 song.
Seven pistols, one DBBL rifle, 20 live bullets, 200 rounds of explosives, 40 rounds of ammunition and many other weapons were recovered from the camp.
Amlarem Social Club beat Man I Bha 2-0 in the Super Division Football League organized by Amlarem Sub Division Sports Association on Friday at the Mini Stadium, Ladjaplem Amlarem.
Former HSPDP leader Ardent Basaiawmoit, in his speech, said that they will give their full support to the Congress candidate from Sohryngkham. Growth.
This was announced by the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who said that the allocation of land to KAS to build its office is also an encouragement to the KAS in its struggle for the KAS. recognition of the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
He said that the government in the past years has gone on that path to develop a scientific map of the youth empowerment which will help in improving the income of the state and cleanse the future.
One of the Members of the House asked the Minister how many children have been enrolled and received free education in private schools under it in the last three years and if there is another budget allocated on this.
The investigation is ongoing and a UD case has been registered under the Umiam PS UD Case No. 14/2
At the same time, he promised that the government and other departments should not punish the employees who fail during the office closure.
Cantonment or Defense Land can be discussed in Delhi if it is used for the purpose, benefit and safety of the people.
Therefore, when the government delayed in releasing the bills, the contractors had to borrow money from the shops, as they had no other way to earn money except by going to contract.
(character building) If a person cannot be shaped in the good manners and dignity of human beings through education, where can we find that true value and foundation of education? And to answer clearly here is that the true value and foundation of knowledge is the ability to shape these characteristics of life in human beings in human dignity. ju ong: Lehnohei son of your wisdom if you don't first be respectful, polite and know man and know God, the world will despise you, my son, then they say more and more, I don't know and I don't want to see to the wise man who walks in righteousness, these words remain to this day.
“The government can put the ball in the hands of the political parties, and it is the duty of the government to call for talks with the political parties,” he said.
She said that the district council needs to work in a transparent manner where the people will get the power, not to work without any transparency.
He was 102 years old and was undergoing treatment at a private hospital, the statement said.
However, other farmers from other states like Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Bihar and others have started coming out to support them.
Dino Morea has spoken about the difficulties faced by models today to enter Bollywood and the supermodel himself feels that in the past years it has been easy. The models have been invited to enter the factory but now the models are finding it difficult to enter the factory.
The RBTEDF, is committed to the preservation of the fish in the river and for that reason, the khwai competition was held, which is also as an awareness to all the rawon, that they should take care of the fish. There shall be no enemy or shimkabu in the use of breadcrumbs, blockades and illegal killings by using any kind of drugs or bombs.
All the Dorbar Shnongs have witnessed what happened and we have also submitted videos that have been recorded and we have also submitted photographs of the garbage dumped into the river and the garbage dumped directly into the river. river," he said.
They said that according to the Regional Committee headed by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar under the last MDA Government, it had made it clear that it would listen to the wishes of the people, but here it has turned upside down. The Government has not listened to the wishes of the people, but has done whatever it wants.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 467 new cases have been confirmed and there are 6606 active cases in the state.
This means that since then, no sign has been seen that the government will do so for the sake of peace.
What is left now is whether this government will delay or postpone the burning issue of the Reservation Policy.
The Sordar of Langpih said that now it can be said that there is more peace and order and he said that they have not yet achieved full independence because until now Langpih has not been inside the country. and as the days and times went by, the Assam police began to invade more and more into the Khasi areas to set up their strongholds.
According to the response, the individuals who have participated from 2016 to 2018 are Lamphrang Syiemlieh, Gracyl Ropmay, Adorilyne Sawian, Amabel Susngi, Kupar Shadap, Wari Lyngwa, Priya Laloo, Kerica Kharmawphlang, Banshailang Mukhim, Haniel Khar. E Pyndap Khongjirem, Dewal M Sangma, Rahul R Marak, Satarbirth M Sangma.
The HLSC said that the marks awarded in the interview were lymmuh lymmain without following the rules of the government according to the announcement issued on 24th November,
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary of the Taxi Owners Association, Bah Phas Lyngdoh.
In a statement sent today by Balarina Syiem DSO, it was said that all men and women who wish to participate in the race will be welcome.
Now the forests have been cut down and the quarrying has started.
The dead include 33 men and 11 women, 19 from Dhaka, 13 from Chattogram, 2 from Sylhet, 4 from Rajshahi, 4 from Barishal, one from Rangpur and one from Khulna division.
“Iran will be held responsible for the loss of lives or property at the US government building.
Brighstar Chyrmang is the candidate for Jowai North.
The arrest of 15 prostitutes from Khyndai Lad recently has proved this and it cannot be denied.
The Third Temple.
Nongpoh: Village leaders, women's organizations, youth organizations and civil society organizations, today evening held a public meeting at Umryngksai village, Ri Bhoi to express their strong opposition to the leaders of Raid Nongkhrah. , after they issued a warning to the village leaders not to interfere with the NOC of Pahammardoloi Village, for the purpose of setting up a Kyiad shop at a place in Umdon and on the border of the village. Umryngksai and Lum byrhing.
Interested participants can submit their names at the DC's office in Mairang during office hours before the 11th of this month.
Speaking on a television programme, Imran strongly criticized the violence of Bollywood films and said that when one's body is violated, two things happen. They are that the rape of women is increasing and the divorce rate is increasing.
The same is true for the mining and coal landowners and we will face the NGT ban on coal mining. Mega Projects, Dams, Large Factories, etc. which consume a lot of space cause a lot of damage to the environment, affect the soil, affect the property. soil, water and many other things, including the well-being of the nation.
He said that he has sent a proposal to the government to introduce a scheme to provide drinking water to Sohra and other villages.
“She should have submitted the budget on 5th November, which is 35 days after she took over as Finance Minister.
The Father said that in these days, there are many people who call and ask for financial assistance in various ways, which has caused a lot of trouble to the management of the Bishop's office.
He said the area is prone to floods during the rainy season and often roads, farm fields and playgrounds and houses are badly affected by the floods.
“In the place where the blind dwell; “I don't know why, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it,” said Bah Shylla.
The goal was scored by Pyniolad Pohleng (32).
In the midst of this commemoration of the fighting spirit of Tirot Sing Syiem, the country and the nation seem to be declining steadily.
“They have sold the health of thousands of people who use this water.
The deceased may have been between 40 and 45 years old.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad thanked the church especially Father Batista Busolinand and other missionaries who have improved the life of his father Purno A Sangma.
The report also said that the results at the end of the tournament will also be fully prepared for the selection of teams for the 2024 Olympics in Paris.
The Division Bench of the Supreme Court said, “We have referred the case to Naitung”.
Dictator Adolf Hitler killed up to 60 lakh Israelites during the Great War 1939 AD -1945 AD. On May 14, 1948 AD, the UN announced that Israelis around the world should return to their homeland after the Second World War. From 1948 A.D until now it has been 73 years and it has been one generation, because human life span is short 70 years or 80 years if it's strong.
We have been following the example of others like blind men without knowing where our nation will go.
Kohli in his speech said that those who oppose the election of the party leadership may not be familiar with the party's constitution.
They attract not only Indians but also foreigners from all over the world.
Police have found the body and after completing all the necessary procedures, they have taken the body to the morgue at Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem. .
“On the other hand, the CEM said that as of now, no groups or organizations have come to meet him to oppose the permission to build the railway line.
He said that during those years when Dr. Mukul Sangma was the Prime Minister, he too was one of the Ministers and for that reason they know that most of the time the ILP was rejected when speaking to the group. Minister.
“It (the letter) is a lie and this shows the slowness of the opposition parties who are not only syier that they don't know that they will lose and will lose without rain.
The District Council was established under the Constitution.
“While the Chief Advisor of the party, Bah Bindo M Lanong, we all respect him because he is a member of the party and he too has expressed his desire to contest from the party from Nongkrem Constituency,” he said.
Now let us turn a little and briefly about a story and that is the “Sati Sharyngkuid” Sati Sharyngkuid: The “Sati Sharyngkuid” is a very wonderful sati and it is very precious and it is Sati magic that can do many wonderful things if any man or woman will have access to it.
However, it was reported that the police had shot dead Ahidul and for this reason, a mass protest broke out at the Mahendraganj police station at 11 pm and threw stones at the Mahendraganj police station. Police vehicles and other property were seized.
Recently, in July, Jolie, 43, and Pitt, 55, were seen meeting at the judge's office to discuss the release.
When asked, Conrad Sangma said that the Rule allows anyone to speak Hindi, on the condition that they must submit a translated text into English, and this is the usual practice.
In 2011, Nagaland police arrested a Chinese woman named Wang Qing, who works as a People's Security Bureau of China, after she met Thuingaleng Muivah.
B.Kharmawphlang, Sordar of Mawmluh II, Bah B.Kharmawphlang, Sordar of Mawmluh II, together with leaders of other villages, while talking to this reporter after leaving the DC's office, said that For more than two months, the residents of these villages have been drinking water from the well, because during the rainy season, the soil from the groundwater from this area flows into the well where they ring for drinking water.
Chesterfield Pyngrope scored two goals for Umpling in the 5th and 55th minutes, Arlangke Lapasam in the 16th minute, Jerrymy Jyrwa in the 18th minute, Aiban Wankhar in the 40th minute and Gedeon Pyngrope in the 49th minute. .
“We have to think to discuss the strengthening of the security forces of the Prime Minister,” said the DGP. The Prime Minister was not allowed to return home until the police stopped the incident after two hours of stone throwing.
“There are political party leaders who threaten not to do it because it will affect politics but no matter how much it can affect politics but we should try to do it to resolve this. The suffering of the people has been going on for decades, many lives have been lost and we have said that we have the political will to do this”.
After his fall, he did not remember anything because of the unconsciousness at the time.
Other damage includes the burning of it in schools and churches, the damage to houses, the damage to toilets of some households, chickens, trees, light signs, Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident, said Bah Arban Tynsong, Assistant Secretary of the village.
The first task is to establish the Jowai Constituency Development Council (JCDC).
He also urged the Waheh Shnong to cooperate with the OCF so that they can continue to provide assistance.
Shillong Lajong FC's Chess player scored the first goal in the 43rd minute of the first half and scored the first goal in the 43rd minute. Figo Syndai scored the second goal in the 82nd minute.
This happened again recently when she came to clear the border at Noapara village under the Hima Nongmynsaw Syiemship.
Opposition MPs, including Danish Ali of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), left the meeting in support of Moitra. of the Lok Sabha, Krishnanagar, West Bengal.
Now, the manufacturers have decided to increase the price to two tyngka, which will have 50 boxes.
Therefore, the Lai Seng, regarding these issues, which arose during the opening of the Toll Gate Plaza, between the land owners and the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, have decided to A meeting was held between the Bor District of Bhoi District and these 33 land owners who have not yet received their compensation.
Essential services offices have also been opened and food and beverage vehicles have been opened with the permission of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
All men and women are invited to take part in this race.
NCP leader Chaggan Bhujbal in a tweet said, “The manner in which the police acted against the Warkaris in Sri Kshetra Alandi is strongly condemned.
This is the Legislative Assembly of India and the Parliament.
Niaw Wasa and FAM have won the pre quarter final of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday.
They will have to go back to 1972 to assess the situation.
The union urged that it should be done immediately as it is a backward area.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Mukul said that Raksamgre deserves to get a Civil Sub-Division as it is too far from Tura and has caused trouble to the Dadenggre Civil Sub-Division. the population of the area.
Speaking on the occasion, Smriti Zubin Irani urged the residents of Nangbah to vote for Lakhon Biam in this election. The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has nominated two engines, one in the state and one in Central Delhi. Raliang was the son of Lakhon.
In 2006, my mother was involved in leading the Langrin clan to destroy the foundation stone of UCIL as a sign of protest against the uranium mining of UCIL in the area.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The High Court of Meghalaya has rejected the petition of the CMJ University as it is still awaiting the order of the Supreme Court.
However, the 14th Finance Commission has removed this special status and therefore, it has created problems for the development of the region,” Naraya Nasamy told reporters today. He met with Congress ministers.
Last year, the village had decided to lease the land to the Mother Tehsong Multipurpose Co-operative Society.
Albert also denied that his brother had caused trouble at the rally on 25th November in Motphran.
He said that the state lacks leaders and when talking about the role of leadership here he said that there is a big difference and the state is like that bright light that we need. quickly to fill.
Shillong: The death toll from covid-19 in Shillong has been confirmed by Rophina Rymbai, 69, Poritosh Das, 80, Mawlai Mawiong, Shillong. Vansean F.Dkhar, (55) of Nongthymmai, East Khasi Hills, Arantxa M Sangma, (28) of KA Road, Chandmary, West Garo Hills, Canon M Marak, (79) of Araimile, West Garo Hills, died Dantiful Kharjahrin, (40) of Madanrting and Susilin Nongrum, (50) of Laitryngew, East Khasi Hills, died on their way home. Sanila N Sangma, (40) of Chengkali, Gasuapara, South Garo Hills, Chamberline R Marak, (80) of Sonagre, Dimapara, West Garo Hills, died at home, Banteiskhem Lamare, (19) of Barato, West Jaintia Hills.
Vincent said that as of now, the people love and trust the Congress party and admitted that the Congress will come first in this regard while the NPP and UDP will come first in this regard. fraud and misleading in the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the Sordars of various Elaka under the Sirdarship to discuss the issue of the government's letter to demolish all the land. fall within the territory of the British Government as government lands.
On the other hand, many of the speakers including leaders from the State BJP and Delhi urged the supporters and residents not to misunderstand and said that the BJP has not yet The candidates for the 17 North Shillong constituency have been announced.
Shillong: The state government has introduced the ADARSH (ADARSH). ) to address the shortage of specialist doctors in the state.
Out of the 18 cases from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases have been confirmed from a patient who was already at NEIGHRIMS and others include an LD at the hospital, a staff nurse. , one employee of the State Health Department, one nurse at the hospital and one from Nagaland, six others from outside the state and these include one A taxi driver and three others were in contact with a patient from Mawpat.
He was also a man who was never afraid to do and say the truth like, “To say Mohkhiew to Mohkhiew, Khulom to Khulom”.
Think for yourself and turn away from these symbols of thought which say, “The work of mercy or good deeds begins from Rympei” and don't talk anymore about why evil deeds happen.
Another woman who came to buy shana from Tbn Kor, said that since she was a child, Bah Kor has been selling shana at Umkiang market. know and recognize this man well.
Many times the leaders do not listen to their problems even though they are at the forefront especially in the small villages where most of the residents are farmers who are struggling to improve their income despite the lack of roads. or the road.
Earlier, a short meeting was chaired by the Secretary of SRI Juhhi Pale, in the presence of the MLA of 2-Jowai, Wailadmiki Shylla. Seiñ Raij Ialong which has been able to hold from time to time this 'Noh Sakyriat' to preserve the customs and traditions of the old people and at the same time the MLA announced that this 'Noh Sakyriat' 'No Sakyriat' and 'Shad Friday' this year.
Ma Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, President of the KYKWM, on Tuesday demanded that the government should immediately implement the Solid Waste Management Rule 2016 under the Environment (Protection) Act
At this meeting, the party passed a resolution to support the ILP in Meghalaya and the rule of law of the past should not be affected.
The IMD has recorded 1.8 mm of rainfall in Meghalaya on Saturday.
He said that in the Shella area of ​​Komora and Lafarge, the mining activities are going smoothly while the villagers have to watch. “We are just spectators,” he said.
Reshab Subedi contributed 23 runs and Bharat Gurung 13 runs for Ri Bhoi.
Mawkyrwat, March 09: The Kur Snaitang of Shillong Zone has held its third General Meeting of all the Kurs living in Shillong and surrounding areas at Shillong Polytechnic Hall, Mawlai Kyntonmassar.
The farmers must also leave the Umngot River before 3 pm.
Shillong: U Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday rejected the statement of Karbi Students Association (KSA) leader Mirjeng Kro, who said that if their land goes to Meghalaya, it cannot. bring the incident like in Manipur.
On June 25, 2022, the State Government rejected the proposal of the HPC to provide 200 square meters of land to each 342 households within the European Ward as well as the cost of construction of the these Houses.
The Chief Minister's Solar Mission, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Thursday launched the Chief Minister's Solar Mission to increase electricity generation in the state by using solar rays and converting it into electricity. You can use electricity or bording.
However, to allow the cement factories in East Jaintia Hills district to import goods from other states is unacceptable because the goods available in our area should be imported from the cement factories. Otherwise, the state does not have the right to be in your area.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday (20th) hearing the PIL included the KSU Moopyut Unit, the Waheh Shnong Moopyut and seven other groups in the case.
The doctor also alleged that the soldiers intended to cleanse him and apologize by touching his feet.
The Government has introduced the curfew as one of the ways to fight against this disease.
They have been handed over to the police,” said the Army Public Relations Officer.
Jowai, June 04: The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners' and Drivers Association (WJHTODA) on Tuesday renewed its office bearers. at the General Meeting held at Chutwakhu Indoor Sports Hall, Jowai.
However, the skei has eaten the leaves of the sohkhia that covered it.
After examination, it was found that the powder of heroin weighing 278.3 grams.
At this festival, the youths showcased their talents in singing which God has given them, where their songs are beautiful and heartwarming to listen to with the harmony of the music. such as guitar, keyboards, piano and other musical instruments.
In this regard, Bah Wahlang has directed the district authorities, the Jowai Municipal Board and the Urban Affairs Department to ensure that they are able to enforce the law. to comply with the rules and regulations of the NGT, regarding the cleaning of the Myntdu River, to strive to provide a special place for the disposal of garbage in Jowai and what is needed is that within meters of this river if there are any buildings such as houses and others should be removed and destroyed completely.
He said that these two markets where the people used to go every day because if they cannot go to Motphran and Khyndailad it will put them in trouble because they can no longer earn.
Shillong, July 31: It has been heard that the people used to get counterfeit money when selling and buying in the market, but now the surprising thing is that the people get counterfeit money from the bank.
According to the Election Commission of Meghalaya, the turnout in all 60 Assembly constituencies of the State till 5 pm has reached 69.91%. It reached 70.26 percent while in Tura it reached 69.31 percent.
Speakers at the meeting included Dr Emanuel Dkhar from Rymbai, MDC Dr Sanky Shangpung, MDC Phasmon Dkhar, Miky Lyngdoh from Tuber, Augustine Kyndiat from Moolamanoh and others.
I'm Kate's lifestyle is called "The Excessive Luxury and Extravagant Life Style"
“We urge the citizens to be vigilant and vigilant, we should not take this disease stingy, because as we can see now it has spread in India with the passing of the days,” said a statement from Ma Sanatomba Bamon General. Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle.
Shillong:"In the past few days, we have seen that there are two types of police in the State.
The DC has the authority to appear before the officials of the company as the plant is the largest of Star Cement under the list of Century Plyboards India Pvt Ltd.
Those who attended the ceremony included Rgh PS Dkhar, Vice President Seng Khasi, Rgh Arwan.
The incident occurred at 2:30 pm.
They said that during the election alone, the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District have seized about 400 public vehicles, but so far even the election The drivers and owners of vehicles have not received any money from the government.
They should never be released because they have committed an evil act that could lead to the death of innocent souls.
Com, spoke to Bah Storyteller Lyndon, in which the interview is as follows: –Rupang: How many years have you started using social media like youtube or others? I believe you started by uploading Khasi songs and religious songs on youtube and in what years did you start them? SL: I started Social Media since 2008 and I started Youtube in On 19th February 2017, I started to monetize my channel and at that time I had only 37 subscribers and I started to upload videos. find and start uploading songs.
The Center of Excellence has three components – research, implementation and training of farmers and once implemented the Center will be able to produce vegetable seeds, disease or pest free flowers. and will focus on the vegetable and flower industry.
If they no longer comply with the rules and regulations of the party, they no longer need to contest elections from any party which has its own constitution.
On this occasion, the school authorities also distributed prizes to the winners of the drawing competition as part of the celebration of this special day of education.
“At this time when the state is facing difficulties due to the pandemic, we want to see the government to focus on other issues whether it is income, education or not. who have been severely affected by this disease,” she said.
Shillong: The Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Paiem Patrick Syiemiong, has requested four months from the KHADC to complete the accounts of the Hima, but the Council has given him only two months to complete.
The Nongkrem Constituency Development and Welfare Association ( Nongkrem Constituency Development and Welfare Association ) has honored Bah Pynshngaiñ by saying that he is a strong leader of the people who has restored the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs after they were overthrown. in the court.
C.Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District in her speech said that this is a great day for the students of this area to be honored at this event. Parad Maniwell Jahrin (in prayer to God).
Referring to the allegations by the opposition that the BJP will not win in Meghalaya but will buy MLAs, the Minister said that the BJP is a party that has grown in all aspects. Many of the leaders want to work with the BJP under the leadership of Narendra Modi.
We have asked them to give us permission to do whatever is necessary and to take their attention to this incident as well.
She said that many Khasi even if they sell small items they cannot sell on the streets while foreigners can sell exactly.
East Khasi Hills has 88 cases and West Garo Hills has 54 new cases.
The Dy CEM explained many of the benefits of this Act which can recognize women's organizations, youth organizations in the village and others.
Those who wish to attend the training must be from 18 to 45 years of age and those who attend the training must be able to write Khasi and no higher education is required. and those who come for training shall receive free training, food and accommodation and women and men shall be reserved separately for admission to this training centre. They must have a BPL card or Ration card approved by the BDO office to prove that they belong to BPL households, along with 3 passport photographs. size and Epic.
Shillong: U MLA of 25-Mawsynram Constituency, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang today released a statement on the demand of the Central Government to upgrade the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural. Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) from 100 days to 200 days.
The first is that if the government spends for the development of farmers without any other means of returning to the government as revenue, it will affect the budget of the government.
He said that the seizure of commercial vehicles has been going on since the time of Covid-19 in order to avoid duty and the money that should have been released to the owners or drivers has not been released yet.
Besides the forced recruitment of employees in this factory, the working methods are not adequate as the time of travel and arrival is not as strict as in other private companies.
The Waheh Shnong urged the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to take action regarding the road in Narwan village as if there is a good road it will help a lot to improve the people of Narwan village as the people live on the road. The cultivation of Soh ñiamtra will help a lot in the transportation of goods, also in Narwan village there are beautiful valleys, hills and rivers for that reason it is necessary to have a good road.
Those coming from 4th Furlong will not be allowed to enter the Ganesh Das Hospital area, they will have to pass through the Forest Colony via the Budhha Mandir and the Ganesh Das Hospital area.
Tura, Naitung, 24: A Youtuber has uploaded a video in which he admits that while living in Tura he has experienced a harassment on the road which he has never experienced before.
From Meghalaya, Paominlun Gangte (under 10), Lame-Naphrang Mawroh (under 8), Elanson I. Minsil (under 10) and Jasmine Lamare (under 12) took part in the tournament.
During the inspection, Bah Sohtun, led and showed the NHAI personnel, the parts that caused the flooding in the area and on this day, they inspected both sides of Road -Or, that is the case in Meghalaya and Assam as well.
In the first innings of the Zone 1 match, East Jaintia Hills District beat East Jaintia Hills District by 10 innings and 236 runs. TDCA beat West Khasi Hills by 246 runs in the Zone 2 match played at Williamnagar.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Tynsong said that in a meeting with the Sur ka bri u Hynniewtarep groups, he explained that the report will have to be submitted to the Legislative Assembly and then it will be made public.
The incident happened at 3 pm when the motorcycle (AS 01 EJ 7870) collided with the rear of a truck (NL 01 AE). 1887 until two students died and one was seriously injured.
However, both the top teams have secured promotion to the Shillong Premier League.
Dkhar said that while she was sitting with her friends on the ground floor, they suddenly heard a loud explosion.
Swain was arrested on a complaint by a teacher from Delhi who admitted that she had sex with him in November 2021 at the Arya Samaj temple in New Delhi.
When asked how you feel that your former leader from the HSPDP has now led the VPP, Bah Pynïaid said that only those who have met to work with Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit understand; but he hath worked with him in the past, and knoweth it all.
These projects were proposed by Bah Sanbor Shullai and approved by the PWD Department and the Government of Meghalaya.
Assam has won the North East Zone Karate Championship 2023 which is also the second edition of the Karate Championship. hosted by the Meghalaya State Karate-Do Federation (MSKDF).
Al-Hilal and Al-Ahli were the other two clubs in which the Saudi public investment fund owned 75%.
Regarding the suspension of the construction of the school by the Assam Police, the Seng strongly requests the Government authorities to take action immediately so that it will not affect the plan to implement the school.
“Besides, it is not easy for foreigners to take up any government job reserved for Indian citizens,” he said.
To promote sports activities as well as other activities related to the welfare and development of the youth.
Speaking to reporters, NPP National President and Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma said that based on talks with Manipur Chief Minister (Biren Singh) and Delhi leaders, the NPP MLAs have They did not support the Government of Biren Singh.
The HNYF leader said that the reason why the HNYF has submitted this request to the government is after receiving information that there are many pigs, cows and cattle which have been brought. from Assam, but have not been thoroughly investigated by the relevant authorities.
Easterland Iangrat tied for 35 runs for
The committee of inquiry into the conduct of players, which met on Tuesday and Friday, accused Suarez of illegally assaulting the Italian player.
The winners of the competition were Greenfield Self Help Group, Mawkynrew, Ki Sur Shynna and Rapsbun Nursing School, Shillong.
(These documents can be obtained from the Department's website), and they must also submit a test report to verify the GCV of the coal.
I'm sorry because I've seen that many of our young people have stopped halfway.
His strong appearance and his appearance as a lawyer have earned him many points.
The tournament was organized by the WJDSA as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Association which marks the 50th anniversary of its service to the promotion of sports in the District.
In this regard, Bah Marius Jyrwa, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs Mawhati Area, said that the Union strongly condemns the construction of the bridge by the contractor. They also condemned the PWD department for not properly investigating the construction of the road and bridge from Mawlaho to Pamlatar.
Hey, you have informed the court but no one has taken action.
We see that even here, the number of RSS members has increased.
On the other hand, Andrew expressed his regret over the leaking of the Council's plan to divide the constituencies.
Now we are retired and we don’t get anything from the Government.
The conference was organized by the CCWI Unit of Meghalaya, Nongstoin and Jowai Diocese.
Nongpoh, Nailur 14: As part of the Centenary Celebration Jubilee of Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital, Shillong, 2022, the Pastor KJP Synod Sepngi will hold a Charitable Football Friendly Match between Pastors of KJP Synod Sepngi against MLAs, MDCs and Government Officers at Umroi Stadium on the 17th of this month from 1 pm.
They said that Bah AL Hek has informed them that the government will issue a notice and there will be another examination for these posts.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Police today seized a truck from Bomfyle Road, Shillong.
Before the meeting, there was no meeting between the five members, but only a room meeting inside the District Council and one by one meeting to finalize the plans. until they reach an agreement and meet with the Prime Minister.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 118 people have been confirmed with the virus and 1813 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
"It is clear that sports associations like MSAO and others have no intention of promoting sports but they only like to show off and show off on the day of the curtain call," said the pastor. other residents to condemn this.
The reasons for the suspension of the construction of the parking lot at Motphran are not yet known.
According to police, the students were staying at a hostel in Malki and came to the Travel Agency bus stand in Dhankheti to smuggle the drugs to Dimapur.
When asked how sure he is that the NPP or other non-Congress parties can win the GHADC elections, Conrad said the Congress has won the mid-term elections in Chokpot. Conrad said the mid-term elections are different because the ruling party will use all its strength and strategy to win the elections as it is already in power.
Nongstoiñ: Police of Nongstoin Police Station, today, arrested four coal trucks, which were trying to smuggle coal to Assam without challan by passing through Langpih Road. Nongstoiñ Police Station said that the four forest trucks numbered ML06 7364, ML06 9252, ML05 K 3643 and AS0 They were arrested from Kriangrin village at 8:30 pm.
Lydia, as soon as she saw him, thought of taking him to the mountain.
We are pleased to inform you that as Admins we don't have any bad ideas or intentions to post anything inside the Group Antor, but sometimes there are cases, because of the busy schedule we don't get to see it. please follow the posts of members.
In 2005-06, Arunachal Pradesh (6.9%) and Sikkim (5.6%) had the highest number of married men.
Elleenza B.Syiem of Shillong Labet won the Most Valuable Player title in the women's category and Peter Kharchandy of Black Memba won the title of Most Valuable Player in the men's category. The prize is worth 2000 thousand tyngka.
According to the complaint received from the residents, the leaders of the union said that there are many households who have paid tens of thousands of rupees for electricity and some of them have paid tens of thousands of rupees. lakhs of rupees and which has caused great distress to the people.
During the investigation, it was found that these Bangladeshis do not have the necessary documents (such as labor license, work permit, trading license, etc.) to allow them to work in these areas. can give a clear answer of their intentions when asked about their place of residence.
This is what is happening now".
The work has now progressed well and it is expected that before the start of the tournament, all the requirements will be met.
“This is due to the NGT ban on coal mining. We know that the Council has been severely affected by this coal ban because a lot of money comes from this coal,” he said. said the King.
Regarding the absence of an Accountant, the FKJGP today conducted an inspection to find out why the state government has not been able to appoint an accountant. Many development works have been delayed especially as this office is the working place to bring development works to the villages through many schemes which the state government and the central government have been providing to the people. region.
A nation that will grow has and produces leaders who are willing to sacrifice themselves for the good, growth and progress of the nation.
Tomorrow's matches will be between Iran vs Wales at 3:30pm, Qatar vs Senegal at 6:30pm and the Netherlands vs Ecuador at 9:30pm.
The band is the Youth Social & Music Club, Ammutong. The band plays at weddings and other programs with Ma Saje Laloo, a self-employed entrepreneur and owner of a plantation in Ri Bhoi.
He said that if the FSS had enough funds, it would have done many things because 40 years have passed and the work has been well understood.
The JSM, after receiving a complaint from the residents of Bambthong village under the leadership of Boyme Myrphet, Education Secretary Central Body, on Friday, inspected the transformer and found that the transformer was installed nearby. The Presbyterian Church has been left without any fences to protect against any incident that injures children and animals.
In his welcoming speech, Tynshain Krem, President of Fyfnei Khanduli Unit, expressed his gratitude to the Nehru Yuva Kendra, Jowai for helping the youth through the resource persons. to understand about youth life especially how to become mature youth in marriage.
You don't have a tupia on your head.
The party strongly condemned the government's attempt to arrest the Sengbhalang leaders saying it was a great shame to the government and also to the government of India.
The farmers claimed that two of their members were killed when they were hit by a vehicle driven by Mishra's son.
It is also the fourth anniversary of the death of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, who was a leader of the country and the nation.
On live Modi ji.
Where are the Infiltration Check Gates and Entry Point at Umling to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into our State? Can't these be the carriers of this disease? The day laborers in our State are suffering from not being able to leave their homes to earn a living to support their families. They don't even have food, they have to sleep empty-handed, but these foreigners have been able to enter the country easily to earn a living.
Anurag said the party earns money by demanding from government employees and traders by setting prices according to their rank.
“The schemes have been renamed and do not reach the people, this is a major issue for the BJP because the vision of the Prime Minister is being defeated and the credit goes to the private sector.
Speaking to reporters, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adilbert Nongrum, said that although KHNAM does not have only one leader to contest in the Legislative Assembly, it is not the only one. Adilbert said that KHNAM cannot remain silent but comes forward to express its sorrow for the fire. It has affected the nation and the students of the state.
Jowai, July 03: The Divisional Soil and Water Conservation Officer Jowai today held a program to mark the World Environment Day at Hula Football Ground. West Jaintia Hills, on the theme (Only One Earth), “Living Sustainably in Harmony with Nature”.
However, the storage capacity of this rainfall is very low.
Also they are perfecting on memory power and brain processing power.
The trailer of Shah Rukh Khan's Zero will be released tomorrow, but before the big event, Shah Rukh Khan has released the pictures of the film. Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma.
The three-day tournament will be inaugurated by the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri in the presence of the Director of Sports, Kong Isawanda Laloo and others.
“I am still looking for documents whether there are any incidents like ours and my office is also collecting information in this regard,” said Lamphang.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah said that as a party with 11 MLAs from Khasi and Jaintia Hills, they tried to form a government on the polling day but did not get the vote. population.
Donaldo Dkhar scored a hat-trick from 4', 32', 65', Rimiki Rymbai's 8', 75' and Baniengskhem Thoo's goals. 70'.
The RUNSAFARI 2022 was organized in collaboration with the Department of Tourism, Social Welfare, DC, SDO (Civil) Pynursla, Shillong Press Club and the Dorbar Shnong of Mawlynnong, Nohwet, Rewai and Nongeitniang.
That is whether you are in a personal or private situation.
Decide what you should do on June
On the other hand, the Officer also urged other shops to pay or renew their NOCs immediately to avoid the hassle in paying them.
This has caused a lot of concern to the people of this area regarding the lack of a full time BDO to take over the post to run the financial affairs especially as Rangbah Shnongs from all over the villages need. The funds in relation to various schemes from the SRWP, MP scheme and also the MNREGA scheme should be received before Christmas.
The tournament will start at 6:00 pm at the Polo Ground Shillong.
This day will be one of the days, that we will show that we are with God and God is with us Amen!!.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KJP-SS) Urban Mission will hold a Food Fest cum Sales of Work on the 5th of this month from 9:30 am to 5:00 pm. 10 pm at Mawkhar Christian School, Mawkhar Shillong as part of the fund raising for the New Life Addiction Center of the KJP Synod Western Urban Mission.
P3- “Puson” – With the “Reminder” you can insert it into the mind, with the “Puson” you confirm it, just like you throw dewbilat to make a Païa.
After finding out the fact, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, said that they have expressed their strong opposition to the proposal to take water from Assam. The Wah may also have the intention of crossing the border of Meghalaya.
“At present, this road is no longer classified as a National Highway because there are still many internal roads.
Mihmyntdu is a village with many residents who earn their living by wage labour, but the parents of the children have worked hard to send their children to school to get an education. the children of their hands.
“The wisdom of the nation and the rulers can be seen when we are forced to join India where they live without clear rules.
“Have you finished eating?” asked the child. “Yes, I haven't finished yet,” said the mother. “My father has come?” asked the sister. "While we are eating together, tell us about your work trip to the place where you are preparing to write," said the mother. "Let me tell you how it is," said the child. “Look at the preparation.
At this meeting, Samla Egenstar said that the responsible youth should not just watch or listen from home to the problems and challenges faced by the youth and the society but should come forward.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the village welcomes the tourists and at the same time requests for their cooperation so that there will be no tragic incident.
He said that perhaps there will be those who will accuse him of selling the garbage truck but it is up to the people to judge because he has not brought any evil.
He said that the Village Organization is like a small bank to help the SHGs in the village.
“It is necessary for the Government to improve,” said Kong Mira June.
"The government should not implement laws without proper plans to find those people who should be entitled to prepare their names, to force the government to listen to the demands of “We have prepared for a nationwide protest,” said the ration vendor leader, warning that otherwise the ration vendors will lose 10 percent in the rural areas and 25 percent in the city. .
As part of the Government's program for stronger villages, the Minister paid a three-day visit to Leh-Ladakh, where he stayed at Karzok village, held meetings with the authorities. UT and district to look after the schemes implemented by the Central and State Governments and the distribution of sports equipment in Karzok, he talked to the ITBP troops at Karzok platoon post which is located at an altitude of about 15000 feet in the area. border between India and China.
The other five who had already filled their lamps with oil were wise, and they got up and went to follow the bridegroom to his house with music and dancing.
In the 50 m butterfly, Mebansan Sangma and Ridaphi Vaichei were the winners.
The DC of West Garo Hills said that he has received information about the incident and is looking for more detailed information. who are injured.
Nongpoh Traffic Police immediately rushed to the scene to conduct investigation and rescued the driver from the truck and rushed him to Civil Hospital Nongpoh. this is the world.
Shillong, November 23: In the midst of the persecution of Christians in India, Laban has shown unity, when Muslims, Hindus and other religions, celebrated Christmas together with MLA, Bah Sanbor ShullaiThe Minister of State and MLA of 19-South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai on Thursday celebrated Christmas by walking around Laban. to wish a Merry Christmas and a New Year to the residents of the constituency.
To date, the hospital has treated more than 8,000,000 patients from 60 countries.
SP (City) Bah Vivek Syiem today said that these robbers are suspects who have been wanted by the police for a long time for involvement in car theft and murder.
Nongsiang said the teachers will meet the Chief Secretary at 3 pm as directed by the Chief Minister, but if the government's call for talks does not succeed, the teachers will meet with the Chief Secretary. They shall meet together to take other measures on this issue.
The Seng also said that the loss of this man is a great loss not only to the family, the village of Mawlai but to the state as a whole.
At this meeting, the AJPTA unanimously decided to act in accordance with the constitution of the association and decided to invite all the wholesale broiler, layer and croiler sellers to affiliate. “The purpose of calling for registration or joining of cattle vendors is to prevent the smuggling of cattle from Assam into our districts without the necessary documents. association information.
The North Shillong MLA said that in the Open Category, there are 30 names while in the list of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, there are 150 names.
The truck overturned in the night before reaching Umling village, when the residents saw the incident and injured the driver of the truck. , went to help and get him to medical facilities.
After the heavy rains, roads in Polo, Demseiñïong, Lower Lachumiere and other areas have been flooded with water like a river and a fish pond causing problems to the residents. village.
In 1992, the Prime Minister, in the midst of four years, took the 'For a strong and good governance for peace and tranquility'
Dominic has been missing since 15th October and is a resident of Mawjrong.
Police sources said that many trucks from dewbilat, coal, clinker and others have stopped in Phramer area and this has caused traffic jam due to the traffic jam. from Shillong to build the Umiam Bridge.
He said that according to the government's announcement, there are 17 tribes who have been granted ST in Meghalaya.
“Our stay in Meghalaya was enjoyable and we look forward to returning here.
So Niakha listened and they went home.
Bah Adelbert, who is also the Vice President of KHNAM, said that the state has been given independence but it is sad that others have been allowed to enter.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: The North Eastern Hill University Teachers' Association (NEHUTA) has decided to file a petition against the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinances. Prof. PS Shukla on the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP).
By Bah Philip MarweiñThe Phodbyrtud Prison, which was built 15 or 16 years ago, has turned into a house of robbers and thieves. robber.
Regarding the equipment to be used in the mining areas, the group said that Canada produces low-cost but good equipment according to the needs of the mining industry.
Police have conducted a search operation at Mawiong and searched a bus coming from Garo Hills.
She said the government has introduced a scheme to assist the contractors by charging a cess of 2 per cent on any work worth Rs 25 lakh or more.
The Minister said that the whole goal is to reduce congestion and traffic jam.
He said that after many years, the residents of the village have become famous because it is very difficult to spend time every year.
Shillong, Naitung 05 : The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday decided to support the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) candidate, Draupadi Murmu. for the Presidential election to be held on 18th November.
The Kayakalp Award was also awarded to 2 District Hospitals and 4 CHCs in recognition of the best service among others.
SAD Minister Deborah Marak said the department will conduct an investigation to find out the truth about the theft of equipment from the Secretariat.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Many people think that the Dr John Robert Theological Seminary is one of the seminaries that teaches only those who believe in Christianity but this is not the case.
The MPSC today has decided to suspend all appointments due to the rules issued by the HC in its judgment.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said; “Every day is a holy and precious day, and it is not only that people are holy and serve God only on this day of the month and become unclean on all the other days of the month. week.
Marak said that the students of this area have complained about the problems they faced during the rainy season because the bridges which they used to walk to get jobs from one side to the other, have been covered by the snow. rainfall during the 2022 monsoon season.
