The event was filled with dances by the youth and songs by the women of the area, while the fans took part in the dance.
The drug has been under discussion and opposition by the WHO in recent months, although US President Donald Trump has suggested that it is a drug that can cure the disease. Coronavirus disease.
On the other hand, Babu Khongjirem said that during the meeting with the director, the teachers of JACATAM informed him about the need to review and monitor the number of students and teachers.
Excited about your new story.
The Integrated Textile Tourism Complex in Nongpoh will boost the textile industry in the state.
The Minister said the Ministry has tried to find ways and means how to do something about the grievances of the Home Guards.
This man of religion is not a man of God.
The special purpose of this training program is also to raise awareness among the public about the water contained within the rocks, the need to maintain wells, groundwater and water quality and especially to know the places where there is water, which is also a necessity for the preservation of these places.
At present, the Regional Committee is allowing the Village, Hima and Raid Leaders to submit any questions to the Committee. before the Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam meet to determine the boundary areas.
You also often see that strong women already have some special feelings about themselves and are brave and determined wherever they go.
The Shillong Bar Association will be investigated by a magistrate and the time limit for completion of the investigation is 10 days.
The Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) did not support the curfew, but held a rally led by Atul Bora, President of the party, at They marched from Latasil Square to Chandmari in Guwahati.
Speak somewhere, go somewhere," said the mother.
In summary, the growth and development in all areas according to their ranks.
Personally, I don't accept that insult of the Kur Kynthei to the Longshwa – manshuwa.
Cherrapunjee is just a nickname brought by the Bengali Chamchas of the French,” Donald said on his social media.
Regarding the demand for the removal of James Sangma, Minister in charge of Electricity, Ernest said that it is up to the Prime Minister. State, Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Although there are 4,000 commercial taxis and 200 government buses in Shillong, but the passengers are not enough and the passengers have to wait for a long time to go anywhere.
It is here that teachers have to be like the parents of the students and have a compassionate spirit and even take the initiative to explain what they do not understand after school.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 75336 out of which 71327 have recovered and 1299 have died.
This beast will rule from this third Temple Mount in Jerusalem over the whole world.
“Police have received information that there were about several Bangladeshis who were going to attend the wedding anniversary party of one of them at a house in Ghansolio is located in Navi Mumbai.
To get more information on these stories, Kynjatshai visited Kbet village, near Umsaw Nongbri village to meet with the Lyngdoh of Raid Nongbri, Bah Amos Lyngdoh, who was arrested by the Lyngdoh of Raid Nongbri. He has been a Lyngdoh since
According to the Right to Information (RTI) letter dated 27th November 2023, the Verna 1.6 VTVT was registered with the Transport Department, Shillong as number ML-02-A-0 on behalf of the Director General of Police, Government of Meghalaya.
Khliehriat: The MPUF-EJHD together with the MPUF-Khliehriat Circle, under the leadership of Bah Michal Chyrmang, strongly condemns the killing of Sonarious Chyrmang of Mynthlu village. East Jaintia Hills District Sumer.
Ri-Bhoi scored 135 runs and SCA-A needed 177 runs to win the match.
On the other hand, the President of the Khasi Students Union, South Khasi Hills, Samla Reebok Diengdoh, said that the country is known as a country of morality and dignity. the destruction of the dignity and morality of Sohra.
However, when I called him, he told me that there was a strike in Assam, and later he told me that the Pa-stad did not believe in that T.1500 (one hundred thousand tyngka). and he asked me for another T.13075 (three thousand ninety-five tyngka) and I gave him back this money with the intention of taking care of my son, because we are in great trouble and I also borrowed this money from my friends," she said.
These documents can be obtained from the website of the Ministry of Mining and they must also submit a test report to verify the GCV of the coal.
No one wants to flee the camp,” said the Punjab leaders.
On behalf of the JHADC, CEM Thombor Shiwat was present. .
With this goal from Shem, Mookbu have qualified for the final against Nongkhroh KFC which will be played on the 23rd of this month at 1 pm.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been a friend of the North East from day one and the development projects in the North East have been witnessed.
At the same time, he said that it is only when an MP from the national party is elected that the nation appears in Delhi and not in the northern parties and that is why the UDP and HSPDP have joined hands.
After drinking, they fulfill their own needs.
Hek said the government has decided to implement MHIS-IV and urged the people to cooperate until the new one is implemented.
As mentioned earlier, the brokers earn a lot of money illegally which has affected the people and their behavior as government employees has deprived the right of young job seekers to get jobs from this is a government department.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Leader of the Trinamool Congress Legislative Party (TNC) on Saturday strongly criticized Amit Shah's allegation that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state in the country. Speaking at a meeting for the TMC candidates in Gambegre, Rongara Siju and Raksamgre, Dr Mukul said that the BJP's handshake is a fraud to mislead the people. -Sir.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Got Talent Season 3, which started on the 8th of July this year, has now reached the semi final and the quarter final on the 22nd of this month.
Ooma Tariang and her team were not able to clean up all the garbage in the crematorium but they were able to clean up only a few parts but they have scheduled a time to go inside again to clean up. The goal of the Adventurers is to make Meghalaya a clean and green state.
“We have recently issued a notification to all mobile companies who have not yet paid the bailight for their mobile towers to complete the payment of the bailight and if they do not do so we will suspend them. “There is no electricity supply to them,” he added.
He said that it was not a meeting called by the HSPDP, but it was his call, because as it turned out, he said that the meeting was between him and the UDP. Speaking on the rules and regulations of the UDP, Ardent said that for many years and terms of office in the KHADC, the power has been held by the synrop groups, and the UDP has it is the party most often in the coalition that holds power.
According to the source, several names have been sent in the past two months.
“In fact, I have already ordered him to bring the documents to avoid any opposition and as the notices appear in the newspapers, it is clear that this comes from the company because there is no name of Bijen Rupsi in the documents. news.
This important goal will not only lead United to another leg but it will also encourage the team to continue playing well this season.
Shillong, July 31: The Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, the Elders Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, today completed the Shi Hat Shi. month before the 2023 Kiew Pyneh Rngiew which will be held on the 5th June 2023 at Lum Sohpetbneng.
There are 5 schools and colleges in East Khasi Hills, 4 in Jaintia Hills, 3 in Ri-bhoi and other places including Garo Hills in all 11 districts. .
This is not the first time that troops have blocked the road in the village.
I believe that only the Congress is thinking about the people,” said Ma Pala.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the refugees who lost their money said that they used to deposit money in the bank of the Post Office but when the time expired and when they lost their money, When they came to the post office to withdraw their money, they found that they did not have any names in the records of the post office.
“If they leave their homes with garbage that they intend to throw into this river, it is wrong” and what is needed is that when they come to Saturday or Sum in this river, they should leave a place for it. plastic, baby blankets and others so as not to pollute the water and the surrounding area.
However, the Syiem of Sohra has accused the former Minister in charge of Majai, Bah JJ Sawian, and the Syiem has said that he has no knowledge but it is the actions of Bah Sawian. you have received money.
Before this match, Rangdajied were in fourth position with five points while Lajong were in sixth position with four points.
The 30-year-old's future at Old Trafford is unclear after Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez topped the table. and Erik ten Hag.
The two-day meeting will include discussions on two key topics – Natural Disasters and Working Mechanisms in the North East and Partnerships to Develop the North East and Others parts of the country.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chiefs, the Executive Member of the Elaka Department, Bah Jambor War said that the four Himas including Mylliem, Jirang, Nongspung, Nonglang and Hima Jyrngam said that the last demarcation has affected these Hima.
Other issues discussed with the MLA included the illegal entry of mynder into the area and the ways and means to prevent and work together with the police and the police. Village Leaders and on the need to set up a Rehabilitation Center and to have adequate Counselors to provide training to the youths who have fallen victim to alcohol so that they can escape and return to normal life.
This has severely affected the operation of factories in Mawblei, Laitkor, Pomlakrai, Mylliemlum, Smit, Nongkrem, Umphyrnai, Sohryngkham, Mawryngkneng, Puriang as well as Laitlyngkot and Laitkroh and parts of Upper. Shillong.
Finance Secretary Ajay Bhushan Pandey has told the Parliamentary Finance Committee that the Indian government does not have the funds to pay the government's share. The state, from the GST and now the members of the committee, who are in the opposition, strongly oppose Pandey's remarks.
However, he said that the police could not arrest the owners of these quarries, as they had already received anticipatory bail before the police arrested them.
He said that this should be explained and encouraged to the residents to understand that we need a garbage dump but it should be farther away from the place where people live.
No one can introduce this Feeling unless I myself accept it and believe that I am the lowest.
We need to understand each other without affecting anyone so that it will be equal and should not affect anyone's feelings”.
It is on this basis that the people of the area have felt the need to have their own Primary Health Center PHC in this area”.
He said that while Iran is preparing to elect and appoint another president to replace Raisi, the US has said that it stands firm to support the rights and security of the people. Iranians regarding the election of a new leader to lead Iran in the coming days.
Investigation revealed that the employee had misused the password issued to him by the bank management and confessed that he had stolen the money for several months now and had spent it. money in online shopping.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that after following up and receiving accurate information that these suspects are involved, the police conducted a search operation from the night of the 2nd to the 3rd of this month. East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District and arrested these four persons while there are others who are still on the run.
Referring to the Assam border crossing in the area, the HNYF leader said that all this is due to the government's lack of attention to talks with Assam on the border issue. The union has been informing from time to time about the border crossing activities of Assam in the area, but the silence of the Meghalaya government has led Assam to encourage the border crossing activities.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 14: The Hima Raidmynsaw Sirdar Ship under the leadership of Bah Hindro Samakha Sirdar of the Hima, on Saturday, held a memorial service to commemorate the four elders who lost their lives. He was shot dead by the Assam police at Iew Langpih nine years ago.
The CoMSO delegation attended the conference led by CoMSO Chairman, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin who is the President of the HYC in the presence of leaders of various organizations within the CoMSO.
It is worth mentioning that the unexpected victory of Bah Brightstarwell, the VPP candidate, has shocked not only the people but especially the candidates he is contesting against.
The DC has issued this order after receiving a complaint from the residents about the spreading of garbage along the road from Sanmer to Syntai Lum Shyllong.
According to a letter received from the Indian Oil Corporation Limited, Guwahati, it has advised all LPG consumers to use gas appliances with ISI certificate and also to replace the pipe ( Hose Pipe) is valid for 5 years from the manufacturing date.
The soul of Lurshai Hynniewta went to the nine skum-nine steps, perhaps he had fulfilled his commandment of God.
Shillong: While the campaign for the Lok Sabha elections is underway, the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh has raised questions to several leaders. people who are still eating weapons and have not yet served the people.
As part of the celebration of the 5th Anniversary of the Meghalayan Age, the teachers of the Department of Arts & Culture of Martin Luther Christian University, held a seminar on the theme, “The Meghalayan Age: Our Unique Geodiversity, Biodiversity and Cultural Assets”, on Tuesday.
The Civic Body in Latur, Maharashtra, has lodged a complaint against a man and fined him T.1 lakh for cutting down trees, the official said.
He said that the establishment of the Meghalaya Bio-Research Development Center is not only to preserve the traditional medicines and traditional medicine led by our ancestors, but also to achieve the goal of the Meghalaya Bio-Research Development Centre. The Government wants to encourage those traditional healers to make proper use of their God-given talents and at the same time it will be one of the sources of employment to improve their income. through this traditional treatment, he added.
In the second innings, New Warriors CC chose to tied first after winning the toss and elected to bat first. Golflink 11 Stars set a target of 158 runs for the loss of four wickets. end of 20 overs.
She has been missing since 26th July.
In the electoral struggle, emphasis and denial have become an inevitable algebraic formula.
The SMC employees complained that even the male doctors, who are not married, have been allowed to visit these women on the grounds that they are not married.
Four of the injured are in critical condition.
Muslims perform this ritual after the end of the fasting day of Ramadan.
He appealed to the drivers to be patient as passengers have their own characteristics.
This donation was welcomed by the Dorbar Shnong who expressed its gratitude and respect to these two leaders and wished them both a healthy body. “It is our responsibility to continue to provide services to the people of the area in all aspects,” said M.Syrto, Waheh Chnong Umlyngsha.
The government has a shortage of 122 MW of electricity due to the collapse of these power plants.
After this short speech, the Asst.Education Secretary of KSU Larnai Unit took the oath of office.
Therefore, the union said that this is clearly the sting of the contractor.
Earlier, a soldier was killed and three security personnel were injured in an encounter with militants in Rajouri district of Jammu.
Investment of Rs 378 crore for MSAM
The DC, SP, SDO, SDPO and BSF were also present. Later, a flag meeting was held between the BSF and BGB to discuss how to prevent such incidents.
“In KHADC, as many have said, it is very slow.
Shillong, July 17: After the meeting of the MDCs of the PDF held today, along with other issues, journalists asked the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem how he feels about the election. Speaking on the amended and old Village Administration Bill, Ardent Basaiawmoit said that as leaders of the people, the most important place to discuss is in the House. I feel that as the leaders of the people, we don't need to say to discuss, we have the Assembly, we have the District Council to discuss in the House, we can discuss in the House,” said Bah Pynshngain. He said that for now, what is needed is to get the approval of the Governor and after that if it is necessary to discuss, it will be discussed at the time of amendment.
Shillong: Wahingdoh FC on Tuesday beat Laban SC in the First Division of the SSA at Polo Ground, Shillong.
Priyanshu Rajawat also failed to move forward in the tournament after losing to Malaysia's Ng Tze Yong 19-21 10-2
He said that the Hima Mawphlang has not yet issued permission for the acquisition of land although the government through the Cabinet has decided to appoint up to 22 persons.
On the other hand, the journalists from Ri-Bhoi sent their condolences to the family of Bah Ronald Syiem, his wife and children, along with the prayers that God will bless and take care of the family. The family, although they are deeply saddened by the loss of a strong relationship of the family, may God grant eternal rest to Bah Ronald.
“You have played with the people in which since 2018 until now you have not been able to clarify the 7 issues that the children of the thousands have raised,” said Bah Edelbert. The Chairman of the Union also alleged that the Syiem of Nobosohphoh Hima is a Syiem who does not implement the laws and regulations of the District Council and Elaka. The fee is 20 tyngka if the people send or submit any letters to the Hima.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that in Guwahati, 515 cases have been confirmed today.
The teachers’ strike has affected the students badly as there are no teachers to take classes.
We have already submitted our decision to the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) established by Parliament.
As an environmentally friendly and sustainable measure, the Government has launched the PM PRANAM.
The SAFF will meet and hold a meeting with the government on 7th November
The Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong is in charge of Ri Bhoi District, the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar is in charge of West Jaintia Hills District and Paul Lyngdoh is the Chairman of the Regional Committee.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC) led by Richard Marak today held a rally at Congress Bhawan, Shillong to protest against the arrest of Rahul Gandhi. Vice President of the party, during his visit to the suicide soldier, Subedar RK Grewal, who committed suicide due to lack of proper pension, or One Rank One Pension .
She also informed that the party has elected a new Finance Secretary, Bah Wanshan Marwein and from now on the financial affairs of the party will be handled by Bah Marwein.
On the same day, FASTOM, West Khasi Hills District also honored the new office bearers of FASTOM for the term 2023-2 .Marak took part in the ceremony.
He said the term of office of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has been extended twice due to the social peace talks of the ANVC and another due to the COVID-19 pandemic. to equalize the number of people before the MDC elections next year.
This will not help because of the BJP but because of the voters,” he said.
“I urge my fellow MDCs not to support the government as it does and to forget about the jaidbynriew,” said Bah Charles.
Shillong, Nailar 07 : Former Mawlai MLA Bah Embhah Syiemlieh and other office bearers of the UDP Mawlai constituency have sent a letter of resignation to the President of the UDP Mawlai constituency. Shillong City and State Youth Wing.
The short Christmas message at this time is what we hear and see through the eyes of the vendors and day laborers.
James said the final decision for the Tura seat depends on Mukul Sangma's opinion on which candidate he likes to give the ticket.
The American astronauts claimed to come in peace for the people and it was so.
To talk about the life of the 36-year-old leader, Alison is a child who has loved football since he was a child.
He said that many students are facing difficulties especially those who come from poor families to complete their examinations at their various centers due to the high cost of transport since the beginning of the lockdown to fight against COVID-1
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: U Bah CB Syiem, former MDC of Nongpoh Constituency, has not yet announced whether he will contest from Mawhati Constituency. He said that he intends to contest from Mawhati Constituency in the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections.
They said that the area is close to Assam, therefore if the villagers do not take action to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners, it will cause harm to the people in the area. hi all.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that the proposal to build the dam was considered on 17th November 2019 and the members including 15 members were appointed. various departments and headed by the Chairman.
North Korea's launch comes ahead of its celebration of the 70th anniversary of the end of the Korean War.
On this day, the students together with the residents of the village left early in the morning to visit the beautiful natural places within the boundary of Narwan village, such as viewpoints, rivers, valleys. , soh fields, slasha fields and others.
Sanbor Shullai said that after the discussions between the GTC chiefs and the village leaders in June 2021, the GTC troops have started opening the gate 24 hours a day. There has been no harassment of the residents by the troops and the opening of the gate has been 24 hours since then.
Doly said that until they get the license, there is no way for the stone traders to work.
Bah Wahlang said that if they want to issue any rules regarding films, they should not close the market to release films, as this affects their small income.
“According to the rules laid down by NABARD, we have released 30 percent of the total allocation for transportation and other expenses.
The government has sent M/S Tanor Engineering (JV) Contractor to complete the road this year.
He said that Sngap Sing Syiem during his war, he did not fight for his own interest but for the benefit of all the people.
It leaves us in the dark as to how there are two Inquiry Commissions on the same incident.
If someone is giving why not take.
It is understood that the reason why the state government has ordered the DCs and SPs may be because they are afraid that some of these 40 lakh people are not on the NRC list. From Assam, they came to Meghalaya.
He said that in youth there are many challenges, but as youth we should be strong in mind to choose our friends and especially to have manners, to know people and know God especially to be successful. In this education, parents want to see their children reach their goals and a bright future, because there is no pride in parents except the dignity and hard work to reach their goals. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Jai Makrih, one of the Muin makers from Phambir village, Nongpoh Ri-Bhoi, said that the Muin makers used to use it in the funeral homes, when sitting and in any other place. or that you don't want to hear.
“We want to stay in this place because in this place we have a feeling, there are places of worship in this place because since 1853 we have lived in this place. bag"he added.
If one bus carries at least 40 to 50 children, it will help a lot.
Until now, no minister has wanted to take over Education on his own initiative.
Don’t even try to give excuses especially when those excuses aren’t good enough.
It is now up to the relevant department and the employers how they can complete the work faster.
One case has been reported in Chandigarh and seven Indonesians living in Telengana have been confirmed with the disease.
However, the people should be wise and judgmental when receiving the news, because he said that as he used to say that reading newspapers or watching news is not reading the Bible or religious books that people They shall believe as it is written, but the news that comes out should be based on information and not on the basis of what is written.
The union has acknowledged that in these years, these Councils have not done anything during their terms of office and have not contributed anything to the State and therefore they have no right to receive benefits and payments according to the plant them.
The village has informed the Mawthadraishan C&RD Block authorities.
He said the election of the President will depend on the decision of the leaders in Delhi, but the party under the leadership of Ernest Mawrie is also strong.
After the resignation of Chiranjib Choudhury, the executive committee of the MSOA, which held an emergency meeting, the next day, elected one of the Jt.
With the assistance of the Madanriting Police Station, police arrested Lathazuali from her residence in Demthring, Madanriting and brought her to Ladrymbai in connection with the drug seizure.
However, in the men's doubles, Satwiksairaj Rankireddy & Chirag Shetty have managed to raise the tricolor flag of the country by entering the tournament. 12-21 21-17 28-26 victory against Taiwanese players in the quarterfinals; u Fang-Chih Lee  & Fang-Jen Lee.
“I find that the reason given by the PDF members to remove me from the post is unclear,” said Kong Teilinia.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the government's rule of law in the state has failed completely. It affects the people and the state as a whole.
On Dr. Ao's claim that the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should come to investigate the MDA government on suspicion of corruption, the Prime Minister said, “They have all cooperated. Therefore, if one accuses the MDA of being involved in all these crimes, I believe they have forgotten that they mentioned three shympriah themselves when they mentioned others.
The meeting was inaugurated by the MLA of Mairang Constituency who is also the Chairman of the State Planning Board, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the chief guest in the presence of the MDC of Mawthadraishan Constituency, Bah Jambor War. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Secretary Social Service & Literacy Mission, Dr. DLR Nonglait, teachers, parents and students of these two schools. He expressed his happiness that for the first time he was able to be with the students of this area and said that sports is a sport that gives the body a strong and healthy sport. He said that every child should have a goal to win in any race or game and that no one does not want to win to be first, no matter if to be first, second or third because from the beginning of the participation you should have had a goal to win to be first. the puke education side as well which is also one of the lessons in life and schooling.
Does the UDP have the right to point fingers only at the NPP? Now that the BJP is also eating from the same plate, can it clearly say that it has no right? We must not forget that Bah AL Hek of the BJP has been the Minister of Health Department until July 2021 during the Covid-19 pandemic.
The decisions of the higher authorities have been ignored in many ways.
In order to facilitate the dissemination of information, it was felt necessary to translate into Khasi the main parts of the election process in the state or India as a whole.
The Meghalaya government should now send its police to protect the people in Mukroh and immediately withdraw the Assam police.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Ma Moonlight said that he has come to a goal to stop and prevent the evasion of funds from the government budget and to revive the state government as well as the district councils.
He urged the public to take good care of these trees so that they can grow and develop, by prohibiting the damage to these trees.
The PES Scheme in the state was launched by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the 13th of this month.
The Chief Minister said that the government has to pay about Rs 100 crore to the Central Pollution Control Board as directed by the Supreme Court.
Immediately, the trader went to the doctors in Jaintiapur, because he was not sure whether he had contracted the coronavirus. They said that the test may have been wrong and therefore, they have not sent him to quarantine. He said that since yesterday, he has been walking and standing and going to different offices; However, he said that he has sent for another test and will get the clear result in three days.
The shadem part of the meat is low in calories compared to the other parts of the chicken as it contains only about 6 grams of fat.
Let the laws and regulations give justice to the family who has lost their beloved child.
“We expect the Puja Committees in the state to follow this example to protect the environment,” said the DC of WJH. The United Liberation Front (ULFA) has banned Chinese food during the celebrations of Durga Puja and Diwali.
Platelet count is a measure of the number of platelets in the blood.
Condemning the incident, he said that the FRMLD in collaboration with various political parties will go to the border to consult with the village leaders as well as the Raid leaders to take action on this issue. .
After examining the yellow/orange heroin, the suspects were charged under the NDPS Act in the presence of a witness.
However, no signs have been seen that the Government will do what the people want and what is surprising is that the Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government through the State Naming Authorities on 27th July ,, 2022, the name of a road in Laban Dorbar Shnong has been changed to Bhaskar Choudhary Road.
The BSF also threatened to shoot him at Zero Point on the India-Bangladesh border.
BJP leaders arrested the man and threw him outside the venue.
Therefore, it has been announced to lift the closure of the Nongkseh Dam at 3mer from yesterday, 30th June.
It is worth mentioning that two PDF MLAs including Bah Gavin Mylliem and Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh have joined the NPP. He said that with this trust from the people, the party has become one of the biggest parties in India.
At present, it is not clear who will be elected as the leader of this constituency but the people will not give their decision on the 13th June 2023 which will be the polling day in Sohiong Constituency. .
For more information, please call 8097805865/8
Cow dung or goat dung, pig dung, horse dung, or anything else will also fertilize the soil and improve the coffee.
Shillong, Nailur, 14: The Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya has witnessed a heated debate on the issue of signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the demarcation of the border in the first phase between Meghalaya and Assam have decided to end the border dispute in seven places and at the same time have insisted that they cannot go back on the signed soskular.
He said that the inclusion of Hindi subject in schools should not be misunderstood, as this is different from the demand for the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution.
He has been retired since
Since he started his career as a teacher, he has been a young man whom all the students used to love and as a professor at the Presidency College, Madras he has been a true teacher. a spirit of compassion to help others who are poor and needy.
The body was first witnessed by the residents at about 7 pm and after this they informed the Rangbah Shnong and the Rangbah Shnong immediately informed the Mawngap Police Station. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawphlang, Bah Moon Sunn, said that the villagers and the police have not yet recognized the suspect.
Two others, Peter Lyngkhoi of Lawsohtun and Johny Sohkhlet of Lawsohtun, were arrested on charges of involvement in the detonation of a petrol bomb at the shop of a foreigner who seriously injured him.
In a petition signed by President Gumbries Wahlang and Secretary S Wahlang, they demanded that the KHADC should immediately remove the Syiem, as he has not been able to hold a Hima Dorbar for three years since 2013-1 The expenditure of T.20 lakh of Hima funds and the destruction of the forest in Rani Jirang without the approval of the Dorbar Hima have left thousands of children in darkness.
On the other hand, Mr. D.Ryngkhlem said that this project has started since 2019 when the smuggling of cows and muid to Bangladesh is very high.
Dr Syngkon has also been the president of the JBCC since
The people need to elect and give back to these leaders so that they can improve their leadership skills so that they can provide better services to the people, because these They are the ones who have the capacity to serve the people and who have the capacity to lead the state to become the Chief Minister of the State Government.
In total, the 19 General candidates lost T.1,90,000 while the Scheduled Tribe candidates lost T.9,90,000 and the total amount was T.11,80,0
The Muktiar expressed his concern over the incomplete work of the contractors of the PWD department in which within the last few months the road has been damaged and the damage has been excessive which has caused a lot of trouble to the vehicles. He also complained that the PWD contractor who is repairing the road has not done a good job of repairing the road. “If the contractor builds and maintains the road properly, we will not witness it. In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, he urged the Deputy Commissioner to take immediate action for the safety of the passengers.
Regarding the Dean's claim that the four men were drinking alcohol at the venue, the four men expressed their anger, saying that there were no such activities of drinking alcohol at the school. They demanded that the Dean should explain along with the witnesses the allegation which has insulted these five persons and especially eh that's Longkmie.
We have two maps of Meghalaya, one map contains all these border areas and the other map which contains all the government offices does not include the border areas,” he added. He also wanted to clarify that according to the official maps, you can see in the government offices or on the Google map that these border areas are no longer on the map.
This was stated by Bah Paul after visiting the Soso Tham Auditorium Hall at the State Central Library on 29th June in the presence of filmmakers from two groups of the state, the Meghalaya Film Maker's. MeFliMA led by Commander Shangpliang as President and FACES led by Simi Khongtiang as President in the presence of officers.
It is not a dead island and it is an island that is alive and very strong".
Tura, who won the toss and elected to bat first, tied for 107/9 in 35.1 overs.
(ii) The principles of the State Government enshrined in the Constitution empower the State to make provision for the welfare of the citizens and therefore cannot appeal against the promises. of those who are good in the way, they are good in the fields.
“Citizens who have the right to vote, use their vote properly with a spirit of understanding and responsibility to shape the country”.
“However, many schools in the state do not have enough schools and other requirements, and the lack of education for all whether from the people, the state government, parents , teachers, students so we cannot achieve the goal of this policy,” he said.
We live in an age when people not only reject the responsibility and duty to help, support and cooperate for the development of others.
For more information, please visit the office of the SSA. Nongstoin: The final match of the 2nd Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament organized by New Nongstoin Sport Social & Laban SC will play against Umiam United at the Cultural Club today.
Vaccination helps to prevent serious illness, hospitalization and death,” said Laloo.
The winners of the program were Ibankerlin Lyngdoh and Mightyson Syiemlieh.
However, the match ended in a penalty shootout in the first leg of Lajong's first leg.
I am surprised that after the incident in Manipur, the Prime Minister of the country has not visited Manipur, in fact, if there is a Prime Minister of the country. Rahul Gandhi has said that it is easy to stop the incident in Manipur by giving power to the army, which means that the conflict is over and the people can live in peace. .
However, in the Khasi-Jaintia region, some civil society groups have opposed the construction of the railway line and the governments have been silent for the past few years.
Drugs, money and other items were recovered from the bodies of the suspects.
So far, no incident has been reported and peace has started to return to the state.
The other thing is the electronics, there is no aluminum plate, there is only a light saw like a Christmas tree. dashboard times now.
“He also criticized by saying that electricity is only available in the city, doesn't it need electricity in the rural areas? even during the non-load shedding period.
Therefore, the demand of the group demands the immediate implementation of Tura as the capital of the state during the rainy season and the party also gives its full support to the demand of the ACHIK on this issue. and they will work together until this demand is met, the momin stated.
“Does Mukul Sangma mean that the government will forgive only the GNLA and other insurgents from Garo Hills, but will punish the children of Hynniewtrep,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC. Mukul Sangma's statements show that he does not want peace and order in the land of Hynniewtrep.
“If Rahul is not allowed to become President, then this decision is not good for the party,” said Sandeep Tanwar.
Various groups, including women, youth groups and others also donated gifts to the woman.
He said that the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule has been demanded for about 40 years and KAS has done everything to achieve this demand.
Jovan Week is an opportunity for students to participate in outdoor sports so that they can stay physically, mentally and spiritually healthy.
As a knowledge society, India has indigenous talent in its DNA.
Nongpoh: There are 1180 people in Ri Bhoi District who are still infected with COVID-19, but today, many people have recovered and many new cases of COVID-1
Because of this excessive feeling, it has caused division, hatred among the ethnic groups, and has caused division in the nation.
“There will be a clean and independent investigation to appoint a government according to the rules laid down by the Supreme Court,” Kropha said.
We also have our own inherent nature and we struggle to raise the inherent light that our longbriew khara wears and we struggle to hold on to our longbriew so as not to destroy them.
Srivastava has handed over the task to Prof. K. Ismail to select those whom he agrees with and the committee has arranged for itself. The NEHU Executive Council has said that some teachers have been promoted through the UGC Regulations, 2000, while some teachers have been promoted under the UGC Regulations, Other teachers, were reviewed on 31.07.2017 and 01.08.2017 and there, a few teachers were selected and the results were not released until these days.
" (Phil 1:27) “Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil” (Eph 6:11).God bless youFrom the Author.
When it comes to church affairs, the threat of politics is greater within the church than in the government. custom is like a little goddess, while the Bible is just a subject of storytelling to draw people out of the church.
These fraudsters have also used Law Enforcement Agencies, Custom, CBI, NCB, and others to demand money and demand a large amount of money as part of the payment. RBI.As part of warning against people who intend to extort money,they have warned to arrest in various cases, in which they have also sent to register online in apps like desks,to deceive people that they have no purpose.
“You said that the appointment of the Chairman is not long and it will take only two or three months.
The Bolero (ML 01 A 0175) was parked in front of the office when it was parked in front of the office, police said.
“We urge the State President of the NPP Meghalaya to stop his attempts to divide the nation through this border issue.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Tuesday raided the residences and property of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister K Ponmudy and his son.
Shillong, March 06: Congress Leader John F Kharshiing has proposed to hold talks with the BJP ministers who frequently visit the state on the coal ban and the land ownership of the people. state.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 56 km.
“There is a similar connection with the opening of the three buildings today and this has to do with the youth,” he said. .
Rev. Peter Schiavon was the founder of education in Pynthorumkhrah Parish since he first lived in Pynthorumkhrah and lived with the people of God for 19 years until his death.
On the other hand, Elevenson Wanniang was elected as the president and Bhalumlang Kharlyngdoh as the secretary.
He gave an example that the export of sohniamtra from Meghalaya to other states has also decreased significantly and the income of the state will remain the same here in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Congress said that Biren's statement was untrue.
Besides the cleanliness programme, the Poshan and Swachhata oath taking ceremony was also held.
The Court has given us time and we want to resolve it as soon as possible".
Sadly, many of the children of Meghalaya have had to return home for their own safety, both those who study as well as those who work.
“Leave it all to the grace of God.
The Punjabis who are employees of the Municipal are now willing to leave the Mawlong Market area although many of them have retired from their jobs.
He said he does not want to see that the Mawphlang-Mawsynram road will take as long as the Umshyrpi-Hynñiewmer road, which has just started but had to stop suddenly.
Furthermore, we can also say that 99.9% of Meghalaya is under the jurisdiction of District Councils.
A weather station north of Beijing recorded 40.1C (104 Fahrenheit) at 1:25 p.m.
The RBYF Leader said that if the members of the Seng go to the border to show that strength, perhaps when they go in hundreds of people they will be able to show that strength, but There is no point in going to show strength for a few hours, and then returning home, because the people who live on the border will suffer more and more.
Wanri said she is now ready to star in the film 'Snar' directed by Commander Shangpliang and Borsing directed by Kiki Garod.
It is enough for any party to rule within the central government, but for the North Eastern States except Assam which has exceeded 20-25 percent revenue generation, we others The States of the region have to rely on the allocation of funds, schemes and assistance from the Central Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Bansara Eye Center together with the World Diabetic Foundation (Denmark) and Wahingdoh Women's Association have organized a day against diabetes on 14th November The march was held from Dr Gordon Robert Hospital Jaiaw and ended at Wahingdoh Community Hall.
They also said that their confidence is only in him to hold the post of President until July
Titostarwell said that the MDCs of different constituencies have come to count the number of Quarantine Centers in total. There are 1121 Quarantine Centers in the KHADC. 1000 tyngka per person.
As in the dorbar shnong, it is wrong to pray for Christians even if there are many Christians in the village, because there are other Christian groups who do not belong to the same group and there are also those who do not belong to any other group. the Christian church.
He said that in fact the presence of the Police Outpost in Kyrshai has brought peace and tranquility to the people of the area.
"In the end, it is man who is the agent of those things that happen.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah said that this celebration is very important because it is about life, life. human is precious and we shouldn’t mess with life.
A total of 42 teams from all over the district have taken part in the tournament.
Not a single shop was open in the market, while in Khyndailad all the shops were closed during the curfew which started from 5 pm to 4 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) has immediately denied reports that the party will be dissolved in the state and will join the party. National Peoples Party (NPP).
After finding out the facts, the Vigilance Committee of the village expresses its gratitude to the DC (Supply) East Jaintia Hills District who has been quick to take action and listen to the report. meet.
Some of them were able to complete the march but they said they couldn't imagine how they could complete it in the middle of the night. .
Truth is above all and stand on that.
In the first month of January, 2023, the Chief Minister sent a message through SDDF member Bah Alan West Kharkongor that he would like to meet with the members of the Forum on the 5th of January, to declare the Sohra Civil Sub-Division as a full District.
Speaking on the High Court's recognition, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said, “As the Minister of Home Affairs, I am pleased to see that the High Court has praised the government's decision to release 30 buses. for students and office workers in July this year.
It is to be recalled that the demand for the relocation of the residents of Them Metor has been unsuccessful for decades.
I am confident that MegARISE will lead the way to improve the ability to address the problems related to water shortage and shortage in the state”.
The Dorbar Shnong has also decided to ban the posting of posters on any street corners in Lawmali Pyllun, as every year the Dorbar Shnong from time to time and also held a village meeting to clean up the village streets, village roads and to clean the wells so that the village will be clean and beautiful.
Umtham Village, Ri Bhoi has become the venue for various sports competitions in the water bodies, including the Megha Kayak Fest, a competition in which the participation of Seven competitions have been held at the venue so far, besides the rafting and IKCA Selection Trials on the 18th and 19th of this month.
Shillong: Leaders and supporters of former MLA of Ranikor constituency, Martin M Danggo, held a meeting at Shillong Club on 30th July 2023, in which more than 1,000 supporters attended. Martin M Danggo, of the National People's Party (NPP), who has already announced his name to contest the upcoming elections from Ranikor constituency, has also decided to resign. to be this next month.
Even in everyday life, you need to have a conscience that you will reach your goal," she added.
He said that the Meghalaya government is also responsible for this incident because it has not taken adequate measures before the tragic incident, even though it knew that there would be an economic blockade called. In a statement, the Union expressed its deep sorrow and condolences to the families of those who lost their precious souls and sent its prayers. who was seriously injured in the incident.
Similarly, the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has launched a Non-Cooperation Movement (NCM) since 1st July as a sign of protest against the same.
It is worth mentioning that the opening of this school or training center is not new but it is due to the availability of assistance to announce from the old to the new that the government has received enough funds. up to T.37/- lakh.
There will be cash prizes and trophies for the winners and runners-up.
At the meeting, the Governor inquired on the implementation of MGNREGA, PMAY, NHM, PMJAY, MHIS, SSA, PM Jan Dhan Scheme and Prime Minister's GTSM Dadak Scheme.
Sanjay Leela, the director of the film, which co-stars with Ranbir, has also tested positive for covid-1
Justin G Momin alleged that the incumbent MLA Gigur Myrthong has not done anything because if you walk around the constituency people will see with your own eyes what he has done.
Two goals were scored by Suklang Baino (52 & 63) and Wanteiskhem Kurbah (27).
Shillong, July 05: The Civil Society for Women (CSWO) has demanded that the government should conduct an investigation into the presence of foreign investors as revealed by the Panama Papers.
“We should not allow MeECL, which has more than 4,000 employees, to die of starvation due to the government's negligence, even after we have raised this issue whether inside or outside the House. “We have learned that this government is misusing MeCEL for their own benefit,” said Zenith Sangma.
He said that this journalist has been ready to help and guide other young journalists and also other journalists from other parts of Meghalaya.
Dumasla is a plant from which the farmers in Khasi-Jaintia can benefit greatly.
As voters we must understand the importance of this section, and with good judgment and a clean conscience we must elect people who are capable, who uphold justice, who hate corruption, who have trust and commitment for the coexistence and well-being of our community and nation.
Two HSPDP MLAs and two independent MLAs today decided to support the government of Conrad K Sangma.
As an organization involved in the society and the nation, we send our heartfelt condolences to the families of these children who died in this incident.
In a statement, Balarina Syiem, District Sports Officer, said that all men and women who wish to participate in the race will be accepted but they have to submit their names to the office of the DC Eastern West Khasi Hills. Mairang, on or before the 26th of this month during working hours and those who come to register, should bring their original birth certificates for verification.
He said the leaders who attended included from Punjab, the United States, Canada and around the world.
Sub Inspector Bah Marbaniang passed away on the night of 24th July, 2015 at his residence in Patharkhmah, Ri Bhoi.
While other countries of the world have talked about going to Mars or space tourism, we here in Meghalaya are still struggling to get the basic needs of unemployment, drinking water, food. , good education, electricity, roads and roads.
“This postponement is due to the fact that some parts have not been completed yet, but it is certain that the hotel will be opened this month,” he said.
When asked why the price of synsar has decreased this year, he said that the reason is because there is still a lot of supply and for that reason, the price has decreased but when there is a shortage of sugar, the price of synsar has decreased. price was higher.
When asked why they released this song in War Pynursla and not in the city language, Samla Wanjop Sohkhlet said, “I come from Pynursla and first of all I want to sing in my own language. “He and San and as you know that one of the uniqueness of the Jaidbynriew is the richness of the languages ​​and we want to enrich the Khasi language which makes me sing in the War language,” he said.
It shall have a Chairman, Vice Chairman, Secretary, Assistant Secretary and Treasurer.
“Periodic monitoring should be conducted on students and teachers’ teaching methodology to identify areas that need improvement, while taking corrective measures," the union said.
“The MPHRC urges all the people to take part in the rally and to maintain their dignity so that the rally will be successful and orderly to avoid any tragic incident. to leave,” said Bah Pynskhem.
Also present on the occasion were M. War, General Manager, DCIC, Nasaka Dkhar, Junior Manager, Eson Khongrymmai, District Mission Manager, DNM, NRLM. , Mawkyrwat C&RC Block, Bah T. Shangdiar, Village Minister of Photjaud War and Seisohlang SHGs and others.
The total number of votes was 1,5
While Yadav was in jail for allegedly killing CPM MLA Ajit Sarkar, Ranjeet was reportedly looking after his family and the two. the son of your spirit.
The price of liquor in Jowai is T.59.65 per litre and in Amlarem it is T.61.65 per litre.
On the demand of the political parties to remove the BJP MLAs, Conrad said that AL Hek was also involved in the decision of the Cabinet and on his part he (Hek) said “He has made it clear that he is against this bill, there is no point in talking about removing them and we have made it clear that he is against this bill. “I have asked the NDA government to support this bill,” said Conrad, adding that the government will see what the NDA government will do and it will be discussed in the coming days.
Why does the state need so much electricity? The answer to this question is as follows: the population of the state has increased with the passing of the days, months and months. more and more new towns appeared in the countryside; In the cities and suburbs, more and more households have appeared and these households have needed electricity.
Up to 26 NGOs from various societies and other government departments of the district attended the exhibition as a way to market their agricultural products and traditional crafts. The Exhibition will be held again in 2022 after the last time it was held in
“We have training programs and the aim is to enable them to set up jobs,” she said.
And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled. 24.
Banpynshngaiñ Dolloi scored 29 runs off 29 balls and Leobert Khonerymmai scored 10 runs off 21 balls. Ankit Kumar took wickets for Golflink XI Stars. Ojha took four wickets for 24 runs in four overs and Pritam Singh took two wickets for 12 runs in three overs.
The athletics field is known as a synthetic track while the football field is covered with artificial turf recognized and approved for use by Fifa.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Banteilang Rumnong, General Secretary of the Seng Kmie.
In the coming days, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, will present the first Budget of the new MDA 2.0 government in the Legislative Assembly.
It is the vision and understanding of India's culture that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has that has led to the progress of Ayush.
The leaders of the KSU-EJHU who were confirmed and sworn in on this occasion included the President, Samla Streamly.
But God Himself says: “" (Mt 10:16).
Four Jeet Kune Do players from Meghalaya will represent the state and the country at the 2nd World Jeet Kune Do Championship to be held in Kandy Sri Lanka from 10th to 12th March and with the Indian team, which has reached 40 players.
If you don't know how to wear a patlun that covers the body from the legs, you are not the standard in this age.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
They held a rally at Malki Square to express their opposition to the order and marched to the DC's office to submit a petition against the order.
Instead of listening to the complaints and requests of the Government, he (Lahkmen Rymbui) has come with a strong threat to us SSA teachers. “We would like to ask the Minister of Education to look into Article 1 (c) of the Constitution of India.
He won 11 MLA seats and 7 MDC seats.
As a nation, when we look at the education, income and lifestyle, we see that we have struggled to be equal to others.
Although Bah Ronning has passed away, it is the duty of the state government to ensure that his family gets a fair trial.
Dkhar said the UDP MDCs will wait for the decision of the party and whatever is ordered, they will do it.
Res.
Saitsohpen, 9 Nailar: Thousands of residents of Saitsohpen Elaka, today marched in a procession from the Dorbar Hall of Saitsohpen to the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil), Sohra. They demanded that the government should withdraw its declaration of Saitsohpen as a government area and stop all the buildings erected in the areas that have been forcibly occupied without the knowledge of the Elaka.
He said the party has asked three questions through its president Samuel Jyrwa whether uranium mining affects health and whether uranium mining affects the environment. The answer received from these people is that there will be radiation and it will also affect the health of the people. it also affects the entire environment.
The Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM), Jowai Diocese will hold its Annual Sports Meet 2021 on the 15th and 16th of this month at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
These tournaments were held on the 24th of this month as part of the inauguration of the newly built Basketball and Tennis Stadium at Raj Bhavan. DP Wahlang and DGP of the state Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi.
Therefore,we all have the right to use the roads together.
Warring said that such creatures have been found in Russia, which are 4-5 meters long. satellite and there is no secret at all and it is true.
Giving reasons is not like saying to remove the congestion.
This is after the expiry of the deadline given by the union to the Assam government to lift the road blockade before 6 pm on 20th November
In the past few years, the government has been working hard to conduct the MTET examination across the state, except in Dadengre which had to be suspended due to the lack of questions on time. The examination has been conducted throughout the state.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Sports, John Abraham, owner of North East United FC Shillong were also present at the ceremony. : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided not to issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the construction of the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji, Mawthbah to Ranikor.
According to sources, these MDCs from Jaintia Hills, about three or seven, have met with Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar to discuss how to persuade Andrew Shullai to join the party. Thombor Shiwat, who has been suspended by the MPCC, said that the MDCs have been staying at the Guest House for two days.
The Pharisee prayed, “O God, I am not like the rest of men, extortioners, unrighteous, adulterers, or even as this tax collector.
Speak without thinking.
Thus it can be suggested that Riewblei can write lyngkut Rb.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) on Tuesday decided to remind the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on some of the outstanding issues on the need to increase the number of assistance to sick journalists and that should not be a one-time assistance, also on the old age scheme for journalists of Meghalaya as in Assam and also on the use of the media Policy, which is for the newspapers of the State.
We must remember that as the elected MLAs who will form the government after the elections, we the people must demand accurate census.
The first Christian Marriage was completed between Luh and Phuh.
“In the middle of the dark night, on a long road, these four men and the driver walked happily.
Mohendro Rapsang, MLA Shillong West, Bindo M Lanong, Senior Working President of UDP; AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Samlin Malngiang, Minister of PHE, R. Chandranathan, IPS, DGP, Meghalaya, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, former MLA, Kennedy Khyriem, former MLA and others. .
Therefore, it was announced in the budget that the PM Program for Restoration, Awareness Generation, Nourishment and Amelioration of Mother – Earth (PMPRANAM) will be launched to benefit the States/Union Territories to develop other fertilizers and responsible use of fertilizers.
In the evening, the KSU Mawlai Syllaikariah Week was inaugurated by the KSU Mawlai Syllaikariah Unit which started on 31st July
This order will not apply to the Ministry of Health and the COVID-19 vaccination.
However, suddenly on the 21st of October this year, a group from Mowkaiaw village led by the Ryngbah Shnong Lovingson Laloo together with the people, came to destroy the garden and the plants. all the things.
Panaji, Naitung 13 : Former Indian footballer Gouramangi Singh has been appointed as the assistant coach of the club for the upcoming season.
KHNAM President Pyndap Saibon said that at the meeting, KHNAM will request the people to join hands in the ongoing protest at Kiang Nangbah Monastery.
The second earthquake measured 3.5 on the Richter scale and had a depth of 12 km at latitude 25.80 north and longitude 90.69 east.
The teachings of righteousness are short before God and before men.
Out of the 12 Ministers, the Cabinet of Ministers of Nagaland also has one woman Minister.
He said that the meeting with other groups from civil society, village leaders and religious leaders will be discussed next month.
Damehiwan L Rymbai encouraged the KSU members to protect the environment as they protect the country and the nation.
Schools wishing to participate in this football tournament must submit the names of the players along with passport size photographs and Xerox copies of the birth certificates issued by the Municipal Board. / CHC / PHC, Aadhaar Card to the office of the DSO on or before 5th July during office hours.
Prime Minister Trudeau said he was deeply concerned that the protests would lead to violence and bloodshed.
Government officials on duty, Banks & Treasuries, PHE, AH& Veterinary, Agriculture and Horticulture, C&RD. to the soldiers, carrying supplies for the health facilities, along the highway.
Earlier, the Director of Agriculture, D.Syiemiong said that the members of MATGESA are government employees and should fulfill their duties as directed by the government. The petition was also submitted to the Chief Minister.
Shillong, Lber 05 : Out of the 19 MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) who have contested the 2023 MLA elections, only three have reached the target, three from the Congress. The winners from the Congress are Mylliem MDC RV Lyngdoh, Nongstoin MDC Gabriel Wahlang and Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar.
Let this incident be an example for the future and let it never happen again,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a general meeting on 27th June 2013 to elect a new president of the party.
Please read the news on Rapang.com that the writing style is still very poor.
It was from that time that Mawryngkhang was considered as the King of the Mawbah Mawsan.
After retiring from his job, Dr. Jerin Syiem, devoted much of his time to the service of God and through this service, he was elected as the Tymmen Basan of the Every Diwon Presbyterian.
Shillong, November 17: Two months after the abduction, the Garo rebels today released Bah Dinar Syiemlieh, the elder of the Presbyterian Church in Umsur.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that the Meghalaya government is ready to increase the income of farmers through the Meghalaya Milk Mission project by improving the production of cow's milk in the state.
However, it is sad to announce to the world that such an opportunity will not be available, as it has been learned that the NPP will not welcome foreigners to speak on that day”.
Besides, Dutta (10 runs) and Ajima (10 runs not out) led the team to increase their runs but they failed to reach the target. win.
The Department of History at the college was established in
Sahame Lyngdoh scored the goals for Dulong in the 22nd minute, Yobhalangki Ryngkhlem in the 29th minute, Lovingstar Suting in the 31st minute and Kynsai Kupar Bareh in the 31st minute. In the 47th minute, Da scored for Shylla in the 51st minute and Janial Rasmut in the 54th minute.
“In Meghalaya, there are government land, Raid, Hima and private land and it is necessary to conduct a thorough study of these before taking a decision,” he said.
concluded the statement.
Up to 40 men's teams and 16 women's teams have taken part in the tournament which will continue in the coming days.
Biswa, who scored 19 runs and Bamanbha Shangpliang, who scored 20 runs, continued after the break, but Nokrek Umïam failed to score well. Charak took 3 wickets for 38 runs for 42 runs.
Commenting on the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, that the land is still under litigation, Najiar said, “It doesn't mean that there is still a litigation. but they cannot see who came and who stayed.
“The violence in this country is due to the actions of the Congress party which has never existed before, other political parties like the BJP or NPP have not existed, the violence is not only here in our state but in other states. that state spirit.
This was announced by the Chairman of the MSPB, Lambor Malngiang after a meeting with MeECL officials. “It's still time to provide electricity to the poor households in the state,” said Bah Lambor.
In such a settlement, which is called “Ka Shnong”, most of them are “Kur” who are not allowed to reach – kha poiman.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 547, of which 466 in East Khasi Hills, 286 in BSF, 159 in civilians, 21 in Armed Forces. cases in Ri Bhoi, 8 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills. Hills only one case while the total number of recoveries has risen to 94 and the death toll has risen to
in and attach a copy of the message you received.
In a statement, the HNLC strongly condemns the police led by the Superintendent of Police (SP) who is from outside the state.
The Shad Lakhempong was organized by the office of the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of the Border Area and the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF). In the presence of the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Paiem Miwell Shadap, the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, members of the RBYF and the children of the Raid Nongtung. to witness this feast.
He said the PAC is not part of political parties or misled but is looking for the truth.
The colors used in the rooms are bright, stem and white and the furnishings in the rooms are to provide for work and rest.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit on Saturday awarded the Maitshaphrang Academic Award to the best students.
Shillong, June 26: The Boundary Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday decided to tied up the Hima rulers from the border area. The Court has closed its doors to challenge the MoU signed by the Meghalaya and Assam governments recently in Delhi.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla on Saturday announced that he will no longer take part in politics from now on.
Shillong, July 11: Heavy rainfall on Sunday has caused flooding in several parts of houses in Langkyrding and Polo areas. also that the plastic and garbage in the streets has caused the water to cover even the road in Polo area.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, has said that the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) die to buy every day.
Shop owners can register through the website or anywhere who do not register according to this rule from 1/8/2022 will be subject to penalties under sections 43,43A, 44 and 45 of the IT Act 2000 and IT (Amendment) Act, 2008.
Police are conducting further investigation into the incident and the arrest of the suspect.
From the signs, it is clear that the people of Meghalaya have turned away from the Congress and many of its leaders and supporters feel that there is no hope to stay in this ship. shen in the sea.
Furthermore, the number of shops of foreigners in the KHADC border is 88, where it was found that the number of employees in each shop is about 4 people and this shows that The number of foreign workers in this industry will be about
Symptoms" Fever " Headache " Fatigue " Pain, swelling in the affected area " Nasal discharge " Inability to eat " Difficulty breathing " Fear of water "Khiering" Unconsciousness" Death from respiratory failureHow to preventThe most important protection against rabies is through proper vaccination for your animals and yourself.
“The people of Mukroh, the people of West Jaintia Hills and the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep as a whole will not allow even 10 inches of Khasi land to go to Assam,” she said.
“Our findings are that the small and medium enterprises or TMSMEs are in dire straits and at this time, the Government of India needs to take action and act urgently,” said UKE Raghunathan, National President of TMSME. He said that the companies that had high profits in 2014-15, have declined sharply in these years.
On the other hand, Dr S.Syiem, Director of San Ker, said that Sanker has been in existence since 1990, we have established it with love, with hope, we see that people who have At that time, forty years ago there was no adequate health facility, they were imprisoned in jail, not because they didn't work. bad, but that they are sick, people suffering from physical illness, it is very easy to treat, there are many health centers too, no shame, but people suffering from mental illness are often rejected from home too, you can understand, how much their soul suffers, then we are also full of concern because there is no medical facility for them, especially in terms of people who The world doesn't love them, but we try at San Ker to show the love of God to the people who have this disease. “We give hope to the people, even Lazarus who has been dead for four days in the tomb is alive, and the sick are still alive. “Many of them have recovered from this disease,” he said. “This program today is for those who have mental illness.
He said that as the opposition, we have been reminding the MDA government about the promises they have already received in the House.
When inquired, it was said that the fire trucks had gone and came back many times to extinguish the fire.
Ltd has received 4 times T.188.0975 lakh through the Meghalaya Industrial & Investment Promotion Schemes, 2016, T.4876.53914 lakh through the Central Capital Investment Subsidy Schemes, 2007, T.162.00514 lakh through Central Interest Subsidy. Schemes, 2007 and T.42.93501 lakh through the Central Comprehensive Insurance Subsidy Schemes,
Iah Dhar scored 20' for Kseh Sylle In the last match of the day, Tympang beat FAM 2-0. Niwanoo Lamare scored 49' and Dayoki Dkhar 70' +3.
However, the question arises, which we need to think carefully here, is that a few months ago an online bank or PayTm, was hacked by the world's most powerful hackers and in a few Last day, the account of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, was hacked.
On the other hand, the HSPDP has said that it will remain in the opposition and has not yet held a meeting on this issue.
“Are you Peter?” asked a man driving a Bolero. “Yes, I am,” Peter replied in surprise. “Don't be afraid, Peter.” introduced himself“Oh! “You knew when you were young,” said Peter. “Do you know that my father is no longer alive?” Peter asked. I also came at the time of my burial," replied the man.
Wandarihun, went missing on the morning of 24th November 2016 and her body was found from Wah Umiam, at Mawdun on 29th November.
With this victory, Djokovic will prepare to defend the title on Sunday against world number one Carlos Alcaraz, who defeated Russian Daniil Medvedev lost 6-3, 6-3, 6-3 in another final on Thursday night.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin on Tuesday announced several schemes worth Rs 225 crore for the benefit of teacher.
Because it is said that many times these people are quick to commit immoral acts such as eating and drinking and illegal activities inside their vehicles.
How many percent will be distributed among the leaders is the question now...Here too we will see corruption.
He said the Congress had passed a law to protect the land of minorities in 2006 through the Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Act. The Modi government has sold all the land of India's small paid people through its Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Planning Act. Authority (CAMPA).
“This person and others appeared in the media in 2020 after their people suddenly attacked the rally against CAA and demand for ILP of the KSU in which dozens of members. KSU Sohra member Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, a member of KSU Sohra, has been tied and bombed with weapons until his head and lyngkien bled on the road. Circle.
He also suggested to the DPMU to hold such meetings in the market to attract other farmers.
The union also warned that perhaps during the strike of these commercial vehicles, there will be private vehicles that will take advantage to operate on this day. The JAC has decided that if there is any incident, these schools will not be held responsible.
Shillong: The election campaign in Shella constituency has been in turmoil today with all six candidates losing sleep before the polling day on the 21st.
The Word of God says, “When ye shall see these things come to pass, ye shall see them” (Matthew 24:33).
He said that the cow farming is a difficult job, which has to be looked after all day long and he who keeps 8 to 9 cows has to hire two workers and has to pay a monthly salary to the cows. they.
This helps those who work in the tourism industry such as those who have their own homestays which are now spread across the state.
He said the HSPDP will stand firmly against the proposal to mine uranium, to settle the border with Assam, to include the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the Constitution. and others.
However, at the beginning of the session, the Chairman announced in the House that he has received a letter of no confidence motion against the EC. Pyngrope, who said that the EC led by Bah Titos has lost confidence.
The construction of the new bridge was taken after the old bridge collapsed due to the traffic of overloaded vehicles.
Because alcohol is a great destroyer of us individuals, our families and society.
Four-time AFC Champions League champions Al-Hilal have also signed Serbian midfielder Nemanja Matic, Napoli's Sergej Milinkovic-Savic and Napoli's Ruben Neves. by Wolverhampton Wanderers.
"As part of the celebration of the Environment, the BDO Mawryngkneng C&RD Block Office under the leadership of the EFC (Basin) Mawryngkneng C&RD Block has organized a tree planting ceremony at Mawlyngad village. Community Action Day on the 4th of this month.
Thus, because the Israelites forgot the Law of God, God also forgot the descendants of the nation of Israel.
Only jhur varieties grown without the use of chemicals or fertilizers as well as jhur and sohkhlaw will be sold at this market.
“I don't believe in such an allegation but we shouldn't take it stingy because according to the information of the people who live in these Centres, they said that there are cases where drugs have been transported by military trucks. because they are free from search,” she said.
Sometimes I think that maybe this is our nation.
Speaking at the meeting, Sarma said that besides Science and Mathematics, students who study English Medium have to study Assamese up to Class X. Rhea Chakravorty, brother of Rhea Chakravorty, was arrested by the NCB.
Besides the illegal entry of foreigners and foreigners, the National Mission for Women's Empowerment (NMEW) in 2012 at Pinewood Hotel found that there is too much violence. child poverty, infant mortality, maternal mortality and alcohol abuse.
He must be washed in the blood of the Lamb (the blood of Jesus), he must be born again of water and the Spirit.
Shakira shocked a few days ago when she announced that she has decided to separate from her husband, Gerard Piqué, whom they have been married to for 11 years.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today clarified the statement of former Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, saying that he misunderstands and accepts that Prestone. he encourages development works from Assam.
Shillong, Lber 24 : East Khasi Hills Police have arrested a transgender man on suspicion of involvement in the rape of Zecharaiah Sohthiang, 24, on the night of 18th October. Police Bazaar.
After looking into these complaints, the CEO has launched an investigation into the allegation and the report has been sent today.
“The Prime Minister has said that now only the Chairperson remains and the names have appeared which they will consider to appoint as Chairperson.
On the other hand, as a party, we are very sorry to see that the construction of this building has gone smoothly and now it is about to be completed, because the work has been completed up to 70-80%, but “The state government has not done anything to talk to Assam and stop the building,” said Bah Mayrald Born Syiem.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: Nine dead piglets were found by unidentified persons on the road to NEIGRIHMS Hospital New Shillong. on Saturday morning.
It is learned that the elders did not see the incident, as it was still prayer time, but some children who were sitting behind, saw the people who came to put the book and fled. There were four people who came to put the book, who came to put the book, while the prayer was going on and left. There were also children who said that there were four people who came to put the book. There was only one old man, he put down the song and left.
Secretary, Island with Asst.Genl.
A great loss not only to the Church but to the nation as a whole.
The 123.64-km Kuppam Branch Canal has been constructed at a cost of Rs 560.29 crore under the second phase of the AVR-HNSS Project.
In his speech, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, Leader of NESO, said that the Khasi language is the unifying language of the people and it is also the language which has sparked the protest against the Assam government. It forced all the people of Assam to use the Assamese language in the 1952s.
So he put down the phone without saying anything else.
Shillong, July 16: The BJP government has questioned whether the BJP government's plan to abolish the JNNURM scheme will affect the GSWSS Phase III. The model schools are only available in some blocks in Garo Hills.
Tomorrow's match will be in Group A between PFR Football Academy at the Kick Start Football Coaching Center at 2:30 pm followed by the match between Laitkor SC and Laitkor SC. Smit SC at 4:15 pm.
Some of the people, who were sitting on the roof of the bus, managed to escape, while many others were trapped inside the vehicle and burnt alive.
The KSU, while inspecting the school on Tuesday, found that the classrooms were overcrowded.
However, she expressed her surprise that Article 3 of the Tenancy Bill does not affect the tenants who live on central government land, state government land and land of companies under the jurisdiction of the government.
The budget session in Garo Hills shall be conducted by the Khasi and Jaintia subjects only and the budget session in Garo Hills shall be conducted by the Garo Hills subjects only.
The meeting was attended by Chancellors and Vice-Chancellors who briefed on the state of universities in the state.
Shillong, July 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle today led by Bah KS Suchiang President and Bah S. Bamon, General Secretary, met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, U.S. Bah E.Kharmalki IAS, to lodge a complaint against the illegal quarrying of stone from the Malidor River by Assam.
He said that the residents of the area have built temporary shops along the roads to sell agricultural products or other items and therefore he felt it was necessary to build a shop. a perfect market to improve their income.
Due to the blockade of the road by the owners of the quarries in the area, the residents of the area have to walk from the houses of the people, and this happened on the 26th. u naueng at the time of the burning of an old man, where the people had to walk from the houses of the people.
Besides these facts, there is also the selection of beneficiaries and for example, a young man who has just completed matriculation, wants to raise cattle or make stone blocks or drive a car and then he spends money. khohreh, while for those who used to live long raising cattle, making stone blocks and driving cars, nobody remembers at all, because he doesn't know the internet or doesn't read the newspaper.
Babu said that 12 members of the TTTA group left the area in three commercial vehicles.
Other speakers and words of encouragement to the children of the Elaka were Ribakordor Lyngdoh, Rikut Parien, Waheh Raij Ionglang, Puramon Kynjin, Dolloi of Jowai Elaka and Chawas Lyngdoh, Dolloi of Raliang Elaka.
:The Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbars (FORMLD) on Tuesday celebrated its 27th Anniversary at Community Nenggate, Pynursla.
Let us work together to rebuild the state and to open up opportunities for the youth.
Therefore, we need to learn to eat and enjoy good health.
In the morning, the march started with the students carrying placards to explain to the public how to prevent the spread of the disease by walking from Ladthadlaboh, Newhill, Ïawmusiang, DC Office, Stand War. District Library, Jowai.
“We must not allow any interference with our democracy and the institutions under the Constitution," he said.
However, it is interesting to know that the MPSC has started preparing for the jobs, although the commission has a lot of jobs and delays in the recruitment of jobs. The vacancies in various departments, especially with the introduction of the roster system, have taken more time to implement.
Besides, even the MLA election which should be held in June could be postponed and all these things will affect the state because it should be remembered that when the President's rule comes, he can bring about changes in the laws and regulations. as happened in Jammu and Kashmir.
The driver was identified as Joshland Mawlong, 24 years old.
“Speaking on the government's decision to allow the production of wine at home, Shylla praised it as a benefit for the winemakers in the state.
The difference between Ri-Bhoi and East Khasi Hills in terms of turnover is T.7,92,223 tyngka while the difference in the number of factories is T.7,92,223 tyngka while Ri-Bhoi has 87 factories. KHADC has received too little money from Ri-Bhoi which has 102 factories.
Hezbollah claimed the dead was a 21-year-old Shiite member.
Due to her weakness and breathing problems, she could not be treated at CHC and was sent to Jowai Hospital. She is now under the treatment of doctors at Dr. Norman Tunnel. Hospital, Jowai.
Tourists are our friends, not our enemies, but we should not overdo it and take advantage of it and cause evil.
CEC VS Sampath said that the voters will be trained to use and disseminate the voters on this issue.
He said that the tender for the check point at Sunapyrdi has already been called and the tenderer has been accepted at the price of T.38 lakh per annum.
He said that initially the organization was able to build only one house made of tin.
Donborlang Kharmuti said that according to the explanation of Drestarwell Marbangniang, the non-burial of the child in the cemetery of the Presbyterian Church Umsning District, is a lie by the child. , because Umsning District does not have a Lum Jingtep inside Umran Dairy Village.
Shillong, June 28: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Friday said that the state government has already sent an affidavit to the Meghalaya High Court regarding the proposal to relocate 342 households from Them Iewmawlong.
The SP advised the drivers how to think and follow the rules while driving on the road from signs, wearing helmets, speeding, and avoid using or talking mobile phones.
Shillong: A truck driver has died in an accident after his truck collided with another truck at Mawdiangum on the road. National Highway-6, which happened early on Thursday morning.
"turned the Kongthei and got ready to leave.
Kerbok Nongspung scored the first goal for Nongkrem in the 8th minute and Shanbok Nongsiej in the 85th minute.
Mukul of the NPP has alleged that these are the statements of the Prime Minister that he wants Purno A Sangma to die.
The AKHAF strongly condemns the committees appointed by the MDA government and the MDA government should take responsibility if anything happens in the future, said a statement from AKHAF. Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) under the umbrella of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union (MCCEU) has requested the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government to fully operationalize the factory. village in the area of ​​Sohra.
It is also prohibited to build any kind of buildings and structures in the waters.
The time demands that once again as a nation we call ourselves tipbriew tipblei we must bring back the spirit of cooperation to give and help each other in any time of need as it was taught by our ancestors. which immediately breaks the spirit of thinking that we should ask or receive something for ourselves.
The Meteorological Department has 4,000 employees across India. Its task is to monitor the weather and predict what will happen. It will happen in nature by using the powers of this age.
As many as 13 boys, between the age of 9 and 15 years, allegedly underwent the procedure.
BSF and BGB chiefs as well as SPs from the border districts of these countries will attend the meeting.
Shillong, Naitung, 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma in the presence of Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today awarded the Ateliers Meghalaya Awards to nine manufacturers from across the country. state of Meghalaya.
In 2020, the closure of traffic and income will last for at least three months and even after the reopening, it will take several months for the vendors to start working.
He said that the church was built only for the people but the priests were placed in the Parish of Laitumkhrah.
Therefore, baptism is a witness that we have been buried with that sin, and come out as a new creation to walk in that renewal of spiritual life.
On the other hand, the Union strongly condemns this incident which has led to the recent death of this Rangbah Shnong and this is only the work of the wildlife or the work of bloodthirsty people who don't care. don't take the life of a man.
Similar plans have been prepared for Tura and Jowai.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayralborn Syiem said that cleanliness is essential for the people especially to enjoy the health and beauty of the environment, to avoid the use of plastic and to break it. garbage and waste in places where it is stored and places where it should not be broken.
Regarding the covid-19 case, Hek said that so far 9820 samples have been tested, 9555 negative, 33 positive, one positive. deaths, 13 recoveries and 19 positive cases and 232 results are pending.
Cardenas was accompanied by Ike Sinha, Country Director of Unite 4 Good in India.
Muktiar- this is what they mean by lawyers or pleaders in the past, in times when there were not many pleaders.
Besides holding the public hearing in Shillong, the Committee has also held public hearings in Nongpoh, Nongstoin and Mawkyrwat.
He said that AMDA will announce later the final and the closing date of the audition.
When asked whether the party has any hopes for the 2018 MLA elections and how many MLAs are expected to win, Rupang said, “In 2018, we will not walk empty-handed anymore”. He said that it is impossible to explain how much because the MLA and MP elections are very different in the opinion of the people.
Therefore, before such people make any allegations, it is better to look at the surroundings of their own house, and then they will examine the living room.
He was born in the year 3 B.C., when Herod was king.
Thus during those 45 days (1335 days) after the crucifixion of the Lord Jesus, Jesus will rule over the house of Jacob forever, and his KINGDOM will never end.
In these 15 houses, there were about 424 households living in them and 21 were shopping centres.
It is quick to change from public administration to public administration.
The deadline for the burning of these song produced by the company should be completed within 40 days.
The organization, which took part in the traditional dance in Uttar Pradesh, plans to hold a fete to raise funds for the organization and has not sought permission for six months. , before the day of the festival, where permission was sought from the Sawkurs and the Raid was informed and permission was received from the SDO, Pynursla.
At the same time, I would like to point out that in this age in which we live, there are many signs and symbols that frighten, frighten and destroy life.
The program was organized by the Kiew Shaphrang VO in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA), Dorbar Shnongs, St. Anthony's College, UCC College and other organizations. others.
According to sources, the driver of the truck from Assam was stuck inside the truck and was rescued by other drivers and police.
After being taken to hospital, the children were found to have breathing problems in Tabriz, the capital of East Azerbaijan.
On the other hand, Bah Sohkhlet also blessed the team to do well to compete against schools from other states to win the title in the country. They should be obedient, respectful and especially to focus on the talent they have so that they can reach the goal of victory.
The Principal opened the file and said, “Rida, one thing that surprised us teachers, is that you answered exactly as the question wanted...There were teachers who told me that and I ask them for your answers... These are all the answers.
Furthermore, the Seng warns that it will not forgive those who intend to smuggle into the district and the state as a whole and if found, the Seng will take strong action.
“The Minister said that Artificial Insemination is another new technology which has been adopted by farmers across the state.
This comes after three years of not being able to hold it due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In the second innings, SP Office scored 101 runs for the loss of three wickets in 12.5 overs.
And the covenant that she shall soon make shall be a lie: for they shall say, Peace, peace! there is no peace" Jeremiah 6:1
The entry fee is T.3000 and only 32 groups will be accepted.
So why were their butts christened on the 7th? This is not sucking up to others who are different from us.
After that, they were searched in Jorhat of Assam and on 30th June 2021, police from East Khasi Hills, left for Jorhat.
This road is very important in case of heavy traffic jam or blockade of the NH-6 connecting Shillong to Guwahati.
The BSF, who were present at the scene, when they saw that the Bangladeshis had arrived at the front of their house, did not do anything; However, it was through the efforts of the youth of Bakur, Dawki, that these Dkhar Bangladeshis turned their backs.
At the meeting, Samla Jerimaïa Dkhar President HYC Maweit Circle reminded that in the service of the people we face many challenges, but we need to unite and develop each other.
Political parties themselves have to please the “bhalang” parties even though they understand the problems that will arise if they do what the villagers say.
The Districts have been directed to issue an order ban prohibiting this practice and to issue an order as soon as possible to inspect the labor licenses by the District officials. Councils of individuals or organizations should not do this.
Shillong: U Bindo M Lanong, MDC of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that if the Chief Minister of Meghalaya takes the decision on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, according to the 2011 report, it means you are too wrong.
In some districts of Meghalaya, peace and stability has begun to return; in Shillong, shops have started opening, vehicles have started running and other necessities.
The Cabinet meeting on Monday approved the State Sports Policy at a meeting in Tura, West Garo Hills.
In a tragic incident yesterday, a 65-year-old woman was shot dead by her son in the head for not giving him the money. bread.
These are the people who have been infected with the coronavirus.
“To meet the needs of the residents of the area, the state government departments including the water and electricity departments will have to work together.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Amit Shah on Friday inaugurated the Cyber ​​Security Operations Center at the Assam Rifles Headquarters in Laitkor, Shillong.
Initially, police said that the suspect had been arrested but a government official from the South West Garo Hills District Administration said that the suspect has not been arrested but has been suspended.
The incident happened in front of the Air Force headquarters.
Regarding the opening of the garbage dump, the two MLAs from Ri Bhoi, especially Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, expressed their satisfaction with the government's initiative. The residents and until they can open the garbage dump.
According to police, besides the driver, there was another person sitting behind the two wheels.
Conrad and Prestone will win the elections in Shillong.
The robbers, besides stealing the 255 boxes of cigarettes, also took away the DVR, CPU and other equipment from the cigarette warehouse.
The teachings of Jesus Christ Himself will remain precious and powerful in the ears of those who hear them in the hearts of those who receive them and in the minds of those who are willing to act on them.
He said that it is a sad incident because two children have lost their lives in this incident and said that it is a great loss for them and the Government will always help them as much as they can. lad that road.
“The same was in the beginning with God” John 1:2
“It is not easy for the government to appoint contract employees or those who have been selected as government employees, but they have to look into the rules that the state government has,” he said.
He said he did not come out to explain to the public because he thought it was enough when the police were informed.
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death. 1 Corinthians 15:2
The Mei Ramew Festival will bring together different ethnic groups to showcase their food with the participation of Indigenous Partnership, Slow Food International, UN Agencies and other sponsors to showcase and share information on various topics. culturally relevant and others.
You yourself bah Renik you have expressed your distrust only 2tem 5tylli parties you have joined and where is that unity.
We are fortunate to have a Constitution that protects every citizen.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District today closed down the market at Lad Smit.
Shillong: While a public meeting was being held at Thangskai, on the proposal to expand the Top Cem, some people shouted against the public hearing of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. Therefore, the police patrolling in the area did not hesitate to use tear gas to throw stones at the police. to disperse this mass gathering.
The MCTA and MCPC have joined hands to meet the state government to express their failure to start the NEP in
Therefore, on this project, the landowners will meet with the government officials to follow up on this issue.
The rally will be held from Shillong to Guwahati on the special day of the NCC. The rally will bring together all the groups including 277 schools, 151 colleges and 44 districts from seven states in the Northeast.
According to police sources, the drug traffickers were identified as Passar Uddin and Dipak Bidya from Shillong, while another woman was identified as Maya Gwala. such drugs.
“They have recovered from covid 19, but the virus is working faster, because the human body has become weaker,” said Dr Lahane.
When asked what he sees on the intention to hand over the investigation to the CBI or NIA into the shooting death in Mukroh, Bah VGK Kynta said that this action of the government is just a joke and a desire to escape. Delhi because in fact there are clear rules and regulations that if there is any crime even if it is a small theft, if there is a complaint, the police can arrest those who kill up to three years old. three souls of man.
These include West Garo Hills 96, East Garo Hills 80, North Garo Hills 19, Ri Bhoi 16, South West Garo Hills 15, West Jaintia Hills 16, West Khasi Hills 10, East Garo Hills 9, Eastern West Khasi Hills 9, East The total number of cases in the state has risen to 92521 out of which 89761 have recovered and 1552 have died. people are not shitom.
Governor Phagu Chauhan is not fluent in English and therefore his inaugural speech, as last year, will be delivered in Hindi.
However, the turnout of the people shows that they want change and they also want to elect a new leader.
The HNLC for the Khasi and the ALMA for the Garo were formed in 1990-1
Because we are a state that is free to worship God and follow any religion, we don't have any restrictions on anyone and we cannot accept this demand in this state”.
Dajiedlang Wanshnong scored a hat trick in the 18th, 31st and 39th minutes while Robert Khongriah scored in the 11th, 62nd and Kenstar Kharshong. scored the first goal in the 13th minute.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The All Meghalaya Malaria Program Workers (AMMPWA) have staged an indefinite strike to demand the government to fully employ them. 40 people.
The drink is currently available in Meghalaya, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and is set to be released soon in the eastern part of India.
He said that the ALCs are platforms where farmers can meet and exchange ideas to strengthen traditional farming in the villages.
The delay in the auction and transportation of the approved coal is due to the slow transportation of the coal from the mines to the depots of Coal India Limited.
Speaking to media, the Speaker said that the topics discussed on this day were to review the progress of the construction of the new Ïingdorbar. The proposal to continue the construction of the new Ïingdorbar building and the issue of security system were also discussed.
Donald Trump — 42Indiana: 11Kentucky: 8Oklahoma: 7Tennessee: 11West Virginia: 5Joe Biden — 57Delaware: 3District of Columbia: 3Maryland: 10Massachusetts: 11New Jersey: 14Vermont: 3Virginia: 13.
From the ground floor of the house, the thief stole the battery of the vehicle and through the CCTV it was seen that the thief tried to steal other vehicles but failed but later left. enter a commercial vehicle and charge the vehicle battery.
The HADR operation began on 15th January and the IAF conducted more than 100 sorties in the following days with An-32s, ALHs, Mi-17s and Chinooks.
The FKJGP has suggested that the PHE department should clean the water pipes in the evening on this road due to the lack of traffic.
“Twelve Congress MLAs under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma have left and joined the TMC and two of them have decided to leave the party and soon there will be others who will join the TMC. to the NPP and other parties.
On Monday, EJHDCA will play against WJHDCA in Zone 1 while in Zone 2, WKHDCA will play against SGHDCA. Mawlangwir Sports Club has reached the semi-finals.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, NPP candidate in Jirang, expressed his satisfaction that the people of Jirang have expressed their confidence in him as MLA for the past five years and through the MDA government. Under the leadership of the NPP, many development works have been brought about in Jirang Constituency and so far more than Rs 500 crore schemes have been implemented in the constituency including various projects.
All the speakers emphasized on the great work done by the Congress for the state and the North East and many laws passed for the rights of the people like RTI, RTE, Right. to Health, and Bah John FJKharshiing also mentioned the right to provide pending work within the stipulated time.
Shillong, March 04: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Donkupar Roy has expressed his regret over the refusal of the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly to accept the adjournment motion tabled by the Opposition. to discuss the Inner Liner Permit and the state of peace and order in the State due to the protests of the civil society.
However, the payment of salaries to the employees is also a right under Article 14 of the Constitution of India,” said the NGEA. other than the suspension of elections if the Government cannot pay their outstanding salaries.
Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the FKJGP is not against the construction of a two-wheeler road, or any development works, but he said that through the coming of development works, the people of the city.
“It is on this basis that we have decided to submit a resolution to the state government that this power should not affect the powers of the existing District Councils,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The Department of Surgical Oncology, Shillong, together with the Department of Community Medicine and NASO, today held a meeting with religious leaders to join hands in the fight against against the spread of cancer in Meghalaya and to take measures to prevent the spread of cancer.
According to the information gathered from the area, in the last three years, the MDA government has not brought any blessings.
The epicenter of the quake was located 71 km east of Tura at latitude 26.15 north and longitude 90.28 east and near Goalpara district, Assam.
In another match, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Pammanik 5-2
Mr GG Pariat is the Headquarters Commissioner (Scouts) in charge of the revision of the Bye Laws and Service Conduct Rules.
On the other hand, the experts who came to give the training included Franky Laloo, Environment Engineer from MSPCB who explained about the implementation of the Waste Management Rules 2016, while Dr. HH Mohrmen The Secretary of SURE discussed the ways to convert the rotten crops into fertilizer and convert the surplus food from the shetja households into pig feed.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 28 : The Sur of the West on Tuesday held a meeting in Nongstoin to seek the support of the people of West Khasi Hill District, as well as the Hynniewtrep people to donate to the West Khasi Hills District. Hubert Paliar, a young man from Mawrok village, who wants to compete in the International Arm Wrestling Championship 2022 to be held in Turkey in April.
In the U-17 Girls category, there are only four teams, including Sohra Super Nova, Mawryngkneng Tigress, Mawsynram Pink Panthers and STCC Pongtung Lions.
Senior Manager (ADM) Star Cement, Siddharth Banerjee, said that the company provides support to the villages, schools and school children to develop the villages and also to develop the schools and children and to such support the company will continue from time to time for the benefit of the villages and schools in the area.
Dhoni made his last Test appearance in the 2014-15 season against Australia and captained the second and third Tests.
W.Sohlang – 9863043885 (Chairman, Tournament Committee).
He said that recently the youth of the state have brought fame and glory to the state where two players including Pynnehbor Mylliemngap and Blaseibok Kharbuli won the bronze medal in the tournament. The Senior World Muay Thai Championship was held in Abu Dhabi.
Members of the HNLC have already lost their parents, brothers and sisters, friends and children and we have lost not only our family but also our own lives and our coming to “The face should be to talk peace and not to surrender,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang, 02: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma has urged the people of the state to be vigilant against the spread of COVID-1
The police raid on arshaka and vehicles is part of the crackdown on those who drive without a license and those who hold steering wheel at an early age and is also prohibited by imposing a fine.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: After more than 10 months of clashes between the people and the police in Motphran after the opening of the CSWO sit-in at Madan Student on 25th November.
Keniong was named after the siej called 'shkenïong' which was very popular in this area especially at that time.
The newly elected office bearers of the party include President Seiborlang Shadap (MDC Sutnga-Narwan), General Secretary, Dr Sankey Shangpung (MDC Bataw Lakadong), Working President NPYF East Jaintia Hills District Officers include President Emlangky Lamare, General Secretary Rio Shadap, Working President Defender Pakem and Kermiki Dkhar, Vice President, Daiapherbha Lamare, Assistant Secretary and Merary Sutnga.
He said that the Seng will fight to the end even if they have to sacrifice their lives.
The VPP recently suspended its protest for the reinstatement of retired officers who have been sacked from the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
Samla Wanbor Podang, General Secretary KSU Barak Valley Circle said, “If the Assam government does not listen to our demands, we will hold mass protests because these wildlife sanctuaries will affect about 150 villages and 100 villages. There are more than 1.50 lakh people living in these villages and this has been like killing us”.
Without wanting to be named, the elders said that they have no choice but to close down the parking lot which was built by the Road Construction Department. to prevent unpleasant activities in the area and other incidents for the benefit of the residents.
In the implementation of the PTP-NER 1.0 in the first phase or Phase 1, five states have been included in which 38 districts have been visited by teams of TRIFED and NEHHDC, in collaboration with the state government authorities.
“We’re not too tired.
“The appointment of one or more Lokayukta is harmful because it also opens the door for the arbitrariness and violence of one or more individuals.
The NSE India is doing its utmost to request these companies to remove the images containing the information, where any instructions can be obtained only through its official website and also from the NSE urges all social media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and YouTube, in accordance with the rules of the NSE. them, and also to view their exact Social Media pages.
Fourteen other states, which have recovered from the pre-outbreak, include Andhra Pradesh (9.74%), Bihar (9.4%), Karnataka (7.8%) and Tamil Nadu (6.6%).
Jowai, March 10: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Jesus describes the day of His coming as a thief, because He will come to steal His own while the world is sleeping in the pleasures of the world. This means that Jesus the Son of God will come to steal. to steal his own by coming only in heaven, and this way of coming as a thief, the Word of God calls the "rapture.
Listen to the ringing and breathe and watch the shadow move.
1,64,015 coal has been sold and Rs 1,90,00,51,282/- has been sold and 13,926 coal remains to be sold.
Nongpoh, January 20: The Syiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken Syiemship, on Tuesday extended his special greetings to all the children of the Raid Marwet. They joined hands to hold a successful Shad Soihjer festival which went smoothly from the thanksgiving and celebration of thousands of children.
Political parties have violated the rights of indigenous rulers.
In memory of the great contribution of these retired teachers to the society, education through their service and dedication of their time and skills for teaching. The union has held a ceremony to honor the two teachers who have retired from 2019 to
dated 18th Dec.
Risingbor's musical instruments are handmade and through his understanding of quality and style.
“Kyntang ʻwai where Sohra has been built by thousands of people and its name has been known all over the world, but in the state or country it has been blocked and given reasons by unfounded ideas. hai hai spirit em".
From the statement of the HPC, it is clear that it does not want the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong to be relocated as requested by the government.
Imphal: The death toll from the violence in Manipur has risen to 54, according to media reports. above.
Kamai War, recipient of the Tirot Singh Award of the Government of Meghalaya; He congratulated the groups of youth who came to take part in this competition and urged them to improve themselves so that they can bring glory to the nation.
Speaking to Rupang, Ma RC Laloo, who is still expressing doubts that Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar will campaign against him in different parts of Jowai, said, “If it is true, it is true. This is a very sad incident and the appearance of the party is very bad.
The JSU also urged the students to take admission in step schools so that they do not miss classes.
In Fishery, only a few people have received the Aqua Mission Fish Pond Scheme.
In fact, the government has planned to meet with all the state parties at the Secretariat on Tuesday, 31st June, 2023 at 11:30 pm.
As part of the celebration of World No Tobacco Day 2023 on 31st June, the worldwide campaign against the dangers of eating and drinking tobacco, school children in all villages and townships The state participated in the Tobacco Rally and Signature Campaign.
Shillong, June 19 : The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong to protest against the government's plan to install smart meters. in the households of the people of Jaintia Hills.
Jeffery Surong became the top scorer and led Ladthadlaboh to a 7-0 victory over Sabahmuswang in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the WJDSA at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Saturday.
These include 1,305 recoveries and 9,756 undergoing treatment.
The statue erected by the Young Minds Association is of Dr DD Lapang, former Chief Minister of the state who is also one of the leaders and leaders of the state. , who is also the Chief Secretary of the State Government, after many works and contributions to the district and it is on this basis that the Young Minds Association has taken the step to honor and preserve Prestone Tynsong, Symbud, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, was the chief guest.
He said that through the presence of parents, children can do many things.
He said that many of the students are from this area and it is for their benefit in this regard, instead of going abroad to study which is very expensive.
According to police, the vehicle was driven by a man named Vanlalrawna – a resident of Zokhawthar area.
It is for this reason that they were able to form a government together.
Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar also urged those who go to the border not to do anything that could cause trouble and disrupt the peace and order.
It may be recalled that the landing of trucks carrying coal from Pynursla to Tamabil highway has caused a lot of trouble to the people of Dawki, Umsyiem, Umkrem and Pyrdiwah areas. Last month, when vehicles were stranded for many hours between Dawki and near Umsyiem and this has caused problems to the patients, who had to rush to the hospital and also to the passengers, who were stranded. in the blockade of these trucks carrying mawshun.
Scott O'Donell, Technical Director, AIFF Academies, said that the success of the test shows the skills of the AIFF. to complete this MRI test.It is a commendation for conducting this test.
Finally, the party strongly warns the Nepali community not to be mushlia and violent in all Khasi villages, otherwise the party will take strong measures.
Manipur has a 400 km border with Myanmar, which has not yet been signposted.
In the second final of the 3rd Tirot Singh Memorial Trophy Football Tournament 2022, Rasong beat YBSC Shella 1-0 -1 to qualify for the final.
Speaking to media, HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem said, “We have received a message from the Deputy Commissioner regarding the demand to remove these illegal residents from this area. at the Lum Survey within two months, but they have not received any information to this day.
In fact, the government should punish the poachers only from those forests that are not protected by the government such as National Parks/Biosphere Reserves/Wife Life Sanctuaries/Reserve Forests, Protected Forests, etc. The lawbah lawsan, the unclass forest, the forests of the world and the environment should not be punished or taken care of but should be educated and given awareness programs so that they know and understand because God has created them. the right and law of mankind to protect and kill any wild animals which are enemies and destroyers of his agriculture.
Not only in the biscuit farming, but many of the people in the villages also live in the fields, said Ferdinan. Therefore, if there are no adequate vehicles to help in the transportation, many people face problems.
In Sohryngkham, it will be between the Congress candidate Marbok Kharpan and the UDP candidate David Kharshati.
But it is man himself who changes and corrupts those authorities on this earth.
After that, the Forest Department gave its reply in which it accused the Kur Kurkalang of coming after 107 years to shake the land. The Kur has immediately sent the documents it has received and which are the rights of the Kur to explain this and the Kur has also said that this action of the Forest Department is because it does not have any information about the This is how I came to attack the Kur.
However, they are those who come with the spirit of trading inheritance to open the way for the Khasi children in the field of inheritance.
Up to 93826 people have been infected in the past few years but 92228 people have recovered.
Marcus also denied the allegation by Mono Areng that he had spread rumors that Mono Areng had received Rs 78 crore from Deilang Shirup Law who bought the land.
Speaking on the occasion, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the reason why the Hima Mylliem has received a garbage truck is after the EC has taken action to bring about a clean environment. inside the marketplace.
Secondly The program will start in January and July 2021 and why has this advert appeared too late and many people don't know anything about this program? straight.
The Government has directed the district authorities and the police to restrict the traffic to ensure that only small vehicles can pass through the bridge while the repairs are in progress.
In the meeting with the AE of the department, the union submitted a letter on three important issues, firstly to replace the electrical wires, which have been damaged, and secondly to replace the electrical wires. Relocate post lights near people's homes to avoid any tragic incidents especially during the rainy season.
This comes after Israel received a warning from Iran regarding the attack on Iranian officials in Syria in recent months.
Speaking inside the house, Rakkam said the government wanted to implement the RTE so that there would be no burden on the children.
Meanwhile, UDP Working President Bah Paul Lyngdoh, while speaking at a meeting on the High Court's decision that some Rangbah Shnongs are drivers and peons, has affected the feelings of the people. the Khasi people.
After the Sub-Junior, the Junior will continue from the 22nd to the 25th, and finally the Senior will be held from the 25th to the 27th of this month.
Mawhati MDC James Sylliang, who is also the EM of Trade and Enforcement, said in the KHADC House recently that the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning area have withdrawn the complaint against them. Agrovet is the company that grows chickens in these areas.
Speaking at a rally to support Bah HS Shylla, he said, “In democracy, they elected a leader to advocate for them but during the tenure of CEM u Bah Ardent, instead, he has used the smugglers to deceive the people until they have spent their days and time”.
Rahul Gandhi said that according to the Indian government's statistics, there are 10 richest people in India, compared to 40 crore Indians.
Shillong, June 17 : The two-day G20 Space Economy Leaders Meeting (SELM) opened in Shillong, Meghalaya today.
The damage to the environment should first of all go to the village headmen who are the highest authorities to impose strict penalties and regulations on those who damage the environment.
We have many government missions to implement but where is the mission for this task?
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that this has caused a lot of trouble to the villagers who work in these hills and who are still building their houses.
KSU Publicity Secretary Nidapoi Shadap said that the foreigners were arrested early in the morning while they were walking and standing on the road towards Jaintia Hills.
“I am very grateful to my mother for taking responsibility for our family.
The daughter said that Kong Bek, who used to sell jhur at Rynjah Market, had gone to buy jhur at Ïewduh Market before opening her shop but she was attacked by a foreigner.
At the same time, he said that MeECL has no authority in terms of funds and therefore the state government has decided to pay T.565 crore to NTPC. he said; “We are in talks with the NTPC whether the amount will have to be paid in 20 installments or we can increase the installment payment so that it will also reduce the burden. .
Ismile Suchen, from Umkiang village, who used to buy from Kor, said, “This work of Bah Kor is an example for others in terms of employment opportunities. Young people who don't need to have a job to follow this example from this old man to start a business to stand on his feet, this shana is clean, this shana is known by those who Many people from Lumshnong, Sonapur, Ratacherra and other villages in the Narpuh area, because when they reach Umkiang they come to eat shana kor from this man. At Umkiang, it can be said that hard work has its price to pay and hard work improves the human dignity and brings glory and victory.
This is a necessary program that brings together a variety of people involved in different activities such as the Global Stocktake, and areas related to economic and energy security in relation to Paris Agreed.
Local media reported that the 30-year-old, who also won a gold medal with Brazil at the 2016 Olympics, was seriously injured after being hit. shot at a fun fight he had with only 10 people in a hotel.
The recognition of the Khasi language according to the information they have received from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government, we know that it is at the forefront.
Jowai, March 14: Forty farmers from West Jaintia Hills today received detailed training from the HRD Cum Orientation Training program conducted by the CIPMCs Shillong with the assistance of the Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare Directorate of Plant Protection, Quarantine & Storage.
“I have worked in a coal mine for 30 years in Meghalaya, I know how to climb and descend into the mine, I want to go there after I can draw water, I want to go and find Solibar Rahman told reporters that his 19-year-old son Monirul Islam was inside the crematorium.
All interested parties are required to register for the Pre-recruitment Training by completing the Google Form through the link. to be full citizens of East Khasi Hills District, for both men and women, and the age at the time of registration for recruitment shall be from years six months to 21 years of age.
The two dead were identified as Shakti (35), a shopkeeper in Nuh, and Abhishek (24), a resident of Panipat, who took part in the VHP march. The imam was killed in Gurugram after a riot in Nuh.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in the state has increased rapidly.
Conrad K Sangma said the Meghalaya government or the Indian government should continue to ban public gatherings across the country.
Dadu Hazarika, the driver of the JCB, said he was working on the road on the orders of a man from Nagaland.
Shillong, November 15: A day before the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP leaders visited the Polo Ground to inspect whether they are ready to meet with the group. The meeting was led by BJP Vice President JA Lyngdoh.
Tip that don't have anything.
The driver’s mother and father were also seriously injured.
The PRIME (Promotion and Incubation of Market-Driven Enterprises) program of the state government has been able to produce startups and create an environment to help companies grow.
He said that facilities have been provided to appear before the Manipur High Court from Churachandpur, Moreh and Kangpokpi through online channels.
He also accused the MDA government of corruption, saying that the collapse of the round table in the newly built Assembly.
“There is a saying of the ancients, that if you sit with the elderly, they will talk about what they have done, but if you sit and talk with the young, they will tell you what we should do. play chess".
Nur Abdus Alom of New Farttapara, South Salmara, Assam, was arrested by the youths of the village on suspicion of drug trafficking. A blue bullet suspected to be a narcotic was recovered and investigation is ongoing.
Meghalaya, which was supposed to chase a target of 316 runs, were ended on 124 runs.
– The armed groups, when they kill even the innocent, seem to justify their actions by saying that there is no other way to force the Government.
He or a man who knows man and knows God goes to do his work righteously; They don't reach out to take the money they don't earn by earning money, because our ancestors didn't understand that those who want money without earning money will not grow, they won't be able to do it. Money that is lost without hard work will turn us away and we will never find it good.
When asked whether the District Council will accept any complaints against the Acting Sordar Edward Kurbah, Blah said the Council has concluded today. “We want to hold elections soon in all the Hima and Elaka which have not yet been elected. “In Marbisu, we are still preparing the names of the voters for the election,” said Lamphrang Blah, Executive Member of KHADC in charge of the Elaka Department.
The MDC also promised that as a leader he will continue to work hand in hand with the school authorities for the benefit of the students.
Miracle Dantes, Sr.
Shah has summoned both the Prime Ministers Conrad and Himanta Biswa Sarma to Delhi tomorrow for final talks with them before confirming the border settlement between the two states.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills said that the traffic jam occurred due to the government's order to ban vehicles carrying more than 10 tonnes passing through the Dwar Ksuid Bridge. The Meghalaya High Court has issued another order to ban all trucks carrying more than 20 tonnes passing through Shillong as the Umiam Bridge is too weak to carry more than 20 tonnes.
Caring for your animals:- Take good care of your animals and keep them safe if they are outside.
The kings of England, although they have lost their power, have remained the same as they were tens of thousands of years ago and it is the custom of the British to respect and count, not only in terms of kings but also in every aspect of their lives.
Earlier, Bah Ardent Basiawmoit asked why the government has not done anything against Bah Pynshngain who did not resign from the post of MLA/MDC after the passage of the Khang Bat Ar Kam Act.
And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; and the greatest of these is love".
The electricity fire was extinguished at 4 pm yesterday and continued throughout the night and then resumed at 2 pm today. The fire broke out at 4 pm and at the time of writing of this news, it has not been fired.
The HSPCB has given the MCG 7 days to pay the Civic Agency for violating the Management Rules, I'm going to go.
The protest against the removal of garbage from Jowai has intensified and the protesters under the leadership of the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang have thrown garbage in front of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai to express their protest. The Jowai Municipal Board (JB) has decided to move the garbage from Jowai to the garbage dump at Mynkjai on Friday.
“Everyone left home and they also received two daughters and a son,” he said and handed me a plastic kwai to eat.
The union strongly warns that if any person is found to be in violation, it will hand over to the law enforcement authorities for further action.
At the same time, Goyal said that the water level in Umiam Dam is only 6 feet due to the rainfall in these days and it is not enough to get a lot of fire and it still needs a lot of rainfall. and it is the worst water shortage in recent decades.
In a statement, KHNAM President Pyndap Saiborn said, “It is unacceptable to see that the state government has sent an invitation to attend the meeting only 10 hours before the meeting. Committee.
“The Government has to spend more than T.1717 crore on the salaries of teachers alone,” he said.
This Government which is involved in corruption should be removed on 27th June and the Congress will form the Government,” said Bah JA Lyngdoh.
The second part is that the state government and KHADC should demand from the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change to withdraw the environmental clearance for uranium mining. The Atomic Minerals Directorate and the Uranium Corporation of India Ltd (UCIL).
Shillong, March 11: As soon as the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) entered the Iewduh, he and his fellow MDCs were welcomed by the sound of tangmuri and ksing.
The income and income has declined steadily with the passing of the days and this has affected the people.
Therefore, they will use any trick and means to force us so that they can take over our country (but there are also good Dkhars, so be wise).
The Joint Action Committee of Nartiang Khanduli Circle comprising of Waheh Shnong, Sengbhalang, Tourist Vehicle Drivers and Mynsngat, Murap Village will hold a march on 30th October on the killing of Pynkhreh Surong by robbers. die your car.
Furthermore, the drivers of commercial vehicles said that the vehicles are allowed to drive with odd and even numbers but the tax on them does not have odd or even numbers. a reduction of even a mere 1 per cent in terms of tax payable.
Regarding this album, Niall expressed his excitement to release it in the coming months and looks forward to it.
All the works were evil in the sight of God, and God was very sorry for man.
The question is, does Meghalaya have its own borders, can it determine its own border? Perhaps Meghalaya doesn't have the dulir because perhaps those in the past, in their excitement about getting their own state, have forgotten that they have confirmed it. and they have already established the border of this state.
Many times it is not possible to publish the articles sent by various departments of the party because they are not complete and are sent by people to bring back without any confirmation of the truth.
Shylla said that the preparations for the election should be smooth and not to be slow or slow because victory and defeat have their own value and should not create hatred for the election.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the College Week, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that Ri-Bhoi College is one of the most prominent educational institutions in the world. The number of children and students has increased steadily in the past few days to spread knowledge in the Ri-Bhoi region.
The raid on illegal coke factories in West Khasi Hills came a day after the Meghalaya High Court ordered the Director General of Police (DGP) to search and arrest all the owners of illegal coke factories. within the State.
The check of T.30,000 was handed over to the Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS at his office on Tuesday.
The union also said that if such an incident happens to the students of the state especially the students from the rural areas, it will put in great trouble the students of the state, especially in At this time when the state and the country as a whole is facing suffering due to the spread of COVID-1
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that the village has no problem to accept them under its jurisdiction but it is surprising that until now they have not done anything and this issue has remained unchanged. Earlier, the District Council said that the NOCs should pass through the village but they fought against the Syiem of Mylliem to issue NOCs to the Dkhars of the RR Colony by passing through the authority. village.
It is to be recalled that these poor houses were first distributed in 2013 and so far 19 houses have been completed for 304 households.
Das was burnt by petrol on 16th November, but died at NEMCARE Hospital in Guwahati at 5.30 pm on Tuesday.
"“But like I said, an election is an election, let's wait for the 4th of July," he said.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the people of Meghalaya are among the highest paid in Manipur, and many students from Meghalaya go there to study.
“I met Himanta Biswa Sarma in Guwahati.
Let the laws be the laws of the whole society.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, said that police have registered a case against the Facebook account. this video.
Mr. Scott is the son of Philis Lyngdoh and graduated from Senior Cambridge from St Edmund's School Cambridge in 1948, Intermediate Science from St Edmund's College Guwahati in 1950 and He obtained his Bachelor of Arts from St Edmund College, Guwahati in
The death toll in Gaza has risen to 43, with 13 children killed, including three women.
It is on this basis that the leaders of the Association, have had to seek clarification from the District Head and have also sent a letter requesting him to take action on this matter.
She also said that teachers are the guides from the time the students first enter the school until they leave the school.
The number of SHGs under the MDA government has not increased in the past but now from 5,000 SHGs in 2018, there are now 43,000 SHGs. MGNREGS, the progress of the state has changed.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement said that the vice chairman of the party, Sufiyan A Hazarika, also known as Manbhalang Jyrwa, has resigned. resignation, which was also accepted by the Central Executive Committee.
The remaining roads will be inspected after these three are completed.
On the second day of his visit to Manipur, the Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs and Cooperation, Amit Shah held a meeting with community groups, leaders, intellectuals, retired army officers and officers in Imphal.
Thank you Pastor for your hard work.
Speaking at the launch of the scheme he has received from the Shillong Smart City Project, the MLA scheme or Special Urban Work Programme, and schemes from various departments which he has received for “It is because you vote for the BJP that you get so many schemes because you just send your approval from Delhi,” said Bah Sanbor. Modi smokes".
Referring to the new technologies implemented in the electricity generation industry where pump storage and other energy storage equipment can be used and besides the purification of water released from a project and to be used. Upper Khri stage I & II, the Minister said that changes need to be made for these power generation projects.
Not only because she has completed her studies from this university.
Explaining about the scheme launched by the state government at a cost of Rs 200 crore, the launch of this scheme is to provide assistance to the farmers of the state, after the affected by the floods. They have been closed during the covid-19 pandemic.
Members and office bearers of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association, Suklang Dkhar, General Secretary, Kordor Pyrbot, Joshua Sohtun, Cyprian Dkhar and Seiborlang Jaktung were also present.
Special privileges will be given to those who cook food, according to the report.
The HNLC feels that armed struggle is essential to achieve our demands and freedom.
There are many problems faced by the people.
He said that about 250 roads in the village are under construction in Tura and 70-80 percent have been provided with water to the households in Tura.
The report also said that Bah George may soon announce his resignation from the AITC which will pave the way for his joining the NPP. She also said that Bah George Lyngdoh is qualified to contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
This issue is very important and the political parties in the state have been protesting against the illegal immigration of foreigners which has affected the minority community and also the security of the country.
However, from the news that came out every day, it seems that this is not the case.
The petition also said that over the years, the ground has started to lose a lot of space because the term of the plastic plant is only five years. as they are in the city.
This means that the Sixth Schedule is not the foundation for the implementation of the ILP. Thus, the statement of Bah Vincent Pala as our MP from Shillong shows that he has no will and does not agree to implement the ILP. within this state of ours.
However, these things happen in the nature of the kingdom.
You may be sorry why the MLA resigned only for the Sub Division but I ask other political parties... Why do we contest elections? but it is for the development of the country,” said Bah Danggo.
The MPLU also urged the Meghalaya government to provide assistance to those who trade in coal and other minerals.
On the other hand, he also appealed to the BJP Government in the State to work for the welfare of the people of the State and not to be stopped by their leaders from Guwahati.
The people of Jaintia Hills have not been informed or informed about the time of the creation of the new district.
On Tuesday, Rupang spoke to the Rangbah Shnong of Jhalupara Village Council, Prakash Bhandari.
Shillong, Naitung 8: “I feel like I'm going to hurt my head when I think about how I'm going to feed these children.
Police also arrested Rohit Pawar, Salil Deshmukh, Sangram Deshmukh and many other NCP supporters, police officials said.
As part of the Thoh Shun Art Camp 2023, the Riti Academy of Visual Arts has awarded a prize in the name of Ma S Quotient Sumer. Sumer Excellence Award 2023.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced the start of the 3rd Division Football Tournament known as the Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy.
According to sources, Momin is expected to join the BJP by the end of this month.
In Group F, Manchester City beat Hoffenheim 2-1 with Sane scoring in the 45+1 and 61st minutes respectively. Hoffenheim scored from the penalty spot in the 16th minute.
Why are you afraid?” Zenith replied, “I am not afraid, if I am afraid, I will just listen”.
Nongstoiñ, June 15: The motor farmers of Umyiap area in West Khasi Hills District, have expressed their deep sorrow over the death of their motor jhur which has caused a huge loss to their farmers. they.
Therefore, foreign languages ​​that are not used widely in society and can be understood by the public should be carefully studied.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his satisfaction and welcome the decision of the Central Government to allocate 33% quota for women to serve in Parliament and State Legislative Assemblies.
That enemy is Shngaiñ (Albert Mawrie) whom Rick used to work with in extorting money from the chiefs, as well as threatening and intimidating the customers in order to get financial support from them.
The biggest problem faced by the people of Ri Bhoi is the border issue and the loss of land due to the invasion of Assam.
The MLA's inspection was to ensure that the works should go smoothly so that these colleges can operate on time for the benefit of the youth.
Regarding this closure of gates in the villages, it is therefore up to the State Government, or the District authorities to take immediate action, as this law will inevitably lead to a great danger in the coming days. ban sa wan, because there will be no exploitation or conflict in the coming and going and which will lead to the accusation of residents or the violence of others.
I don't argue about anything".
This season, Meghalaya, which is in Group B, has played five matches and lost only once with 10 points.
From Startup India for start-ups, IN-SPACe for aerospace, iDEX for startups in defence, Indian Semiconductor Mission for semiconductors, Smart India Hackathon to encourage youth innovation, Biotech Start-Up Expo – The Government has brought together the brightest people in one platform through innovation centers and is promoting faith in cooperation.
On the process of inviting the rebel groups to the peace talks, Sangma said the government is ready to invite peace talks with the rebel groups in the state, but they should come. without setting rules.
They also complained that the NHAI authorities have not looked into the need for the safety of the people especially the school children who used to walk every day when they built this road from the beginning.
Faith is a shield to protect against the fiery darts of Satan.
If you are interested in attending the training institute, please contact the office at Umran-Niangbyrnai or call 8575792482 /
U Bah Dkhar showed how to count the trucks that have brought and unloaded the rice at this place and how to collect the exact figures by computer and how to release or give the rice. This FCI is responsible for the whole of Jaintia Hills.
They also brought the news to the ears of Bah Let so that he would know.
They today announced that if the government does not release their five month salary and five month arrear before the 20th of this month, they will not hesitate to go to court to demand. you're right.
That Encouragement will be at the same time to protect the Family.
“Now the traffic is jammed because they have to walk only on one side of the road after the collapse,” said Michael Chyrmang and urged the MLA of the area to take action to build the road.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said the deceased was admitted to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH).
Sandhu has also acted in several Punjabi films and earlier won the Times Fresh Face Award in 2017 at the age of 17 and later won the LIVA Miss Diva award. Universe 2021.
The injections will be given at Rynjah State Dispensary, Laban State Dispensary, Umsohsun UPHC, Nongthymmai UPHC, Upper Mawprem UPHC and Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
Many local youths can also do these jobs that these people are doing now.
Lalit of All India Police was the first to defeat Pawan of Services 4-3 in the 51-54kg category.
The Child Minister appreciated the efforts, courage and hard work of the BSF personnel to protect the border areas.
She said that the hostel has accommodated up to 80 students but due to the damage it has had to be closed since
These include EGH: 3, EJH: 2, EKH: 63, NGH: 1, RBD: 2, SWKH: 3, WGH: 1, WJH: 34 and WKH:
Therefore, he said that this discrimination against teachers and the government's putting the education department on the sidelines is the time not only for teachers to protest, but to protest from the beginning. children and the people of the state as a whole so that as teachers they can get their rights and especially we need to improve education and if there are no teachers who provide education where will the future of education be? state, he added.
“Perhaps it would be better for everyone if we bring in a combined 80 percent of the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo in the state and the election will be based on ability and this will make it easier for everyone. ", said Dr. DRL Nonglait.
Ladthadlaboh won the match by beating 7 Wasa United 1-0
Over the past 15 years, IIM Shillong has emerged as a leading institution in the field of management education and research, and has received accolades and built relationships with universities and business schools from other countries.
The two suspects were identified as Lawei Rani and Sil Lawai.
Shillong, March 21: The Christoffel Blinden Mission (CBM) will hold a four-day program from the 27th to the 30th of this month. , drawing competition, poetry reading competition, walk, and other games on the 30th of this month. The spirit of the chief minister of the state.
Jesus truly loved the Jewish nation and the world, but the Jews did not want Him.
People, especially those who shop, should wear plastic bags like musari when drinking or eating.
It is to be recalled that the appearance of thousands of people to accompany the candidates who supported them at the time of filing their nomination papers at the DC's office has caused great sorrow to the passengers due to the congestion of the road and The traffic jam lasted for many hours and even the ambulances were stopped due to the crowd.
Manchester United have signed Inter Milan goalkeeper Andre Onana.
He said that the training is three months and after completion of the training, they have to work for nine months on a contract basis in companies, hotels and airports.
Furthermore, it was reported that near the house, there is a toilet, a water tank and a rest area for those who go to the crematorium.
When Moitra left the committee, she was accompanied by Danish Ali of the BSP. Speaking to reporters, he said they asked Moitra, “Do you talk to anyone? , at night and what do you talk about?" "Night, what's the matter, what's the matter?
“So, since I am not from the TMC how do I know who to join the BJP? On the other hand, Hek said that former Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang is one of the best candidates.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, said that after investigation, it was found to be 65.92 grams of heroin and T.5,000 worth of heroin was seized from the suspects.
“Her responsibility and compassion encourages us all and the Government expresses its gratitude for the work she has done in the field of health care,” said Dr. Lyngdoh.
“The Social Welfare Department has informed that it will provide 5 lakh tyngka to the family and this will be to help them to file a case against the killer of these children. “I want these children to get a fair trial,” she told reporters.
On the other hand, the Vice President of the FKJGP, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, said that the reason why the FKJGP has searched for these garbage dumps is because the FKJGP has They found that many people have spread garbage in public places and this spreading of garbage has not only brought shame to the state and has also affected the health of the people and the especially the environment which we need to protect.
My friend, look at your right shoulder, if there is a back, you are old, but if there is none, you are still a child in front of me.
The casino will be the first in the North East of India and will also bring Meghalaya on the map of the world's gambling destinations.
Therefore, the party will raise the flag in front of the Parliament in November this year along with the 15 states under the umbrella of the National Federation of New States.
Therefore, he appealed to the village authorities and hima authorities to cooperate and take action in this matter.
JSU leaders including JSU General Secretary Heiplanmiki Tariang, Assistant General Secretary Banteilang Suliang, Finance Secretary Mebanri Suliang and several other members. On receiving information that some foreigners have come to work in the village, she went downstairs to check their documents.
Furthermore, if the salary of the factory workers cannot be paid before 10th July 2020, there will be a leave of absence by the non-factory workers and there will be a march from Lumjingshai to the Secretariat and submit a petition to the government. State.
Also present on the occasion were Most Rev Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, WAM Booth, Director Art & Culture, Prof Badaplin War and others.
"“Is the State Government the only Government of one ethnic group? Are the non-ethnic groups not the voters/citizens of Meghalaya? Can't the Government do anything against the State authorities? Meghalaya.
“KHNAM has sent a letter, I have already clarified that some parts of the wording used by the government in the announcement may not be in line with some of the words. they want us to use it,” said Kong Ampareen.
He said that on his part, he wants the people to honor Bah Kimfa on this occasion.
Therefore, the district councils need to be urged after the court's decision to pass the law,” said UDP Working President Bindo Mathew Lanong. .
The Government of India was led by Joint Secretary Satyendra Garg, District Council was led by HS Shylla CEM with a delegation, MITCRM was led by Samuel Jyrwa and a delegation.
Pushkar Singh Dhami, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has informed the Prime Minister of the incident.
Politics is not just for the elite.
In 1948 Israel was declared a nation in the world.
They are generally called legumes, because their seeds are called "legume" or "pod", which means that their shape is like that of a country. and u engine.
They requested the law enforcement authorities and the government to eliminate this kilo cut with a strong law which will ensure that the farmers are not affected by the kilo cut.
There have also been cases in Puducherry.
Rambrai, November 31: The Rambrai Circle on Saturday handed over the needs of the Rambrai constituency to the Dy CM Prestone Tynsong. he went to Rambrai.
“The Council will also introduce an amended Bill called the Khasi Hills Autonomous Establishment Management and Control of Market Bill, which is to strengthen the ban on kilo cutting and will meet with the Government. to expedite the approval of the Governor,” he added.
Rai's first wicket was Md Aqeel Ahamed's century for Manipur in the first innings. .
Unlike in November 2016, when the T.500 and T.1,000 notes were illegally withdrawn, the T.2,000 notes will not be used.
He expressed the demand of the people from the eight polling stations in Mawkyrwat in South West Khasi Hills District which fall to Pariong for the MDC but Mawkyrwat for the MLA.
Speaking to media after the inspection, Bah Teinwell Dkhar and the MDCs strongly condemned the incident and said that such incidents are unacceptable. spirit yes.
Lanong said that the Governments, whether past or present, should know how to find ways and means to resolve this issue, because they will take decisions only to please other governments. be.
The NPP has begun its campaign by refusing to state that the MDA-2.0 Government, led by it, has not yet taken any decision on the The NDA Central Government has decided to extend the Railway to Shillong.
Peter also admitted that the police had forcibly sent Banker Syiemlieh's name because they had no reason to arrest the members of the Sengbhalang who were protesting for the ILP. 25 November: Ten political parties in the state have extended the curfew on the 26th and 27th from 8 am to 9 pm. bad last night.
According to him, Baikam village (which falls under Ratacherra Sector) has about 37 Khasi-Pnar households and now this village falls under Assam.
“The CAA will create homelessness and will affect the greatest quality of life in the world and will affect humanity,” they said.
He promised that the police officers and village leaders should work together, as the police alone cannot know and cannot do anything on their own without the cooperation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04 :The Union Minister in charge of Petroleum & Natural Gas and Housing & Urban Affairs, Hardeep Singh Puri on Tuesday said, “According to the firm stand of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, In the North East, the Government and public enterprises such as ONGC stand firm to improve the quality of life in the North East.
The death toll includes 12 from EKH, 12 from SWKH and 01 from EJH.
“The HSPDP, UDP and PDF have focused only on Khasi Hills and not on Garo Hill and they cannot form a government. Two MDCs have joined the NPP and there is a chance that it will win the most,” said Hispreaching.
, they always wanted worldly glory.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed Section 144 CrPC to curb any violence that could affect the peace and order after the residents of the villages near the new bread shop near Sohphoh village protested. The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
In a statement, Ma Balious Swer, President of the Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association, expressed his regret that the coal ban has lasted too long and that the Indian government has not fought against it. The Supreme Court has not helped those who earn their living from coal mining.
Wow you're reading so much.
Laitryngew, from the tyrsim of defeat, managed to equalize against Umkseh by 3 goals.
Marbaniang, who is the president of the BJP South Shillong, also contested the bye election for the MDC from Laban Mawprem constituency and won.
If the government wants, it can, there is nothing it cannot do,” he asked.
These buildings were called ziggurats and the oldest ziggurat was found at Uruk or Erek (Genesis 10:10) and was built about 3000 BC. that there are about 32 to 34 ziggurats or foundations of ziggurats in the areas and towns where the Tigris and Euphrates rivers flow.
“They say that this school started in 1956, while I was born in 1975 which means that this school is much older than me.
On behalf of the Foundation, we would like to apologize to Phermeki Salahe and her family for any mistake and offense we have caused them.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has found that the road to Mawdem village in Khasi-Jaintia Hills has been blocked by the Presbyterian Church as the first church in Ri Bhoi. However, it was found that Mawdem is the most backward village in Ri Bhoi West, where the people have to face hardships and suffering.
The BRDC through the State Government has also worked with the Quality Council of India (QCI) in collaboration with the North East Christian University (NECU) in Nagaland which has been recognized by the Government of India to train herbalists.
Through His suffering, death, resurrection and ascension Jesus fulfilled the Passover which freed us from slavery to journey to eternal life.
The distribution of jhur seeds is to encourage and promote the agriculture of the farmers through free jhur seeds, which they have to buy at low prices from the market.
Here, if Sahitya is strong, he is stronger.
It shows that they are still backward and weak in their intellectual capacity in all aspects.
“When asked when the government will pass the Ordinance, the Minister said that there has been no discussion on whether there will be a Dorbar.
The KSU SWKH has issued a statement on the inclusion of the names of many Khasi villages especially in the district in the Map of Garo Land which the ANVC proposed to the Central Government in 2006 during his tenure as Prime Minister. Dr. Manmohonan Singh's death.
In this regard, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that it will soon hold a ceremony to honor Heprit Angelica Tynsong, in the presence of senior officials from Shillong.
Negative : Colorful : PurarongOpague: Rbendumrong Transparent : PyrshiColour Film : Sladurong Monochrome Film : Black & White White Balance : White Balance to get thirty real colors.
One driver said that the Sumo driver these days is only two days a day and that is “Once, which carries passengers from Shillong to Guwahati on Sunday and then once again. , which carries passengers from Guwahati to Shillong on Thursdays" which means that it carries only those who come and go from Shillong and Guwahati.
The State Government will take all necessary measures to support and train the athletes of the State to win gold medals in the upcoming Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil and in other international sporting events.
In the afternoon, the rot was taken to Madan Slot Masi and thrown into the holy pond.
The Spirit leads us every day while we have the Spirit we must worship Him without being holy only on Sunday. If God is not angry, nothing will happen. his.
In these days, Meghalaya has never said that Block-II belongs to Assam, but it is clear that it is a disputed area between the two states.
The government authorities in charge of health should be informed so that they can take action and develop measures to help such families.
The Nokma are empowered according to custom to look after the land of the A'kings and have the authority to judge and do the work," said Momin.
These days it is heard that some of our brothers and sisters are dancing to the “SUR KSAI JINGTEM” of others and to despise and destroy their own Jaitbynriew without thinking about the future of their children. and of the country and the nation, especially of the poor and the rich.
The awards were presented at the Basketball Court, Polo Shillong in the presence of Bah M.Tongper, MCS, ADC. DSO Daniel Dan, CDPO Shella Social Welfare Department and others were invited.
On the other hand, Dr A War said that the search for close contacts of these 44 people is ongoing, but there will be an increase in the number of close contacts of these 44 people. They are High Risk Contacts and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is still searching for them.
Speaking of films, Bhumi has just starred in Bheed directed by Anubhav Sinha and will also be seen in The Ladykiller with Arjun Kapoor and Afwah with Nawazuddin Siddiqui.
Therefore, it was said that most of the leaders of all Western countries have agreed to support Ukraine by sending troops and also by raising money or sending weapons for the country. The Ukrainian military to be able to use it in the fight against the Russian troops and also so that the ammunition and equipment will not run out during the fighting between the two countries.
In this respect, there should be two types or two kinds of principles to be laid down; one is that it should have a job oriented syllabus and the other is on certain other suggestions which would take time to read but the basic fact is that education should be very strongly pressed.
Furthermore, Bah Charles Marngar urged the players and officials of the team to be polite when they leave the district, because their politeness and victory will be the honor and the victory. Congratulations to the district as a whole.
He said that in fact the taxis are ready to operate on any day but because the government does not provide parking space it has made it difficult for them to operate without passengers because it will be like breaking the taxis. you pay for petrol.
Bah Eugene said that nowadays many people are very concerned about their body, what we eat and what we do we are very concerned.
They decided that they should not allow Jesus to do whatever he wanted.
“Trafficking is here in EJH and WJH,” she said.
The SSA will start hosting the 4th Division in June, the 3rd Division in July, the 2nd Division in June, the 1st Division in April and the Shillong Premier League. held in the second and third weeks of November.
(ii).
After the arrest, Khliehriat Police Station has registered a case under PS Case No.37(5)2023 U/s 21(b)/29 NDPS Act. proceed to discover the involvement of others.
He was speaking to media after reports that the North East Sunshine Trust (India) has written to Delhi to resume uranium mining project in Meghalaya. .
Thus, this great man tried to learn to speak the Sohra dialect with the help of some literate Khasis like Duwan Rai, Jungkha and Laitthat. or five months he learned and understood the Sohra dialect.
He said that this is his third time to contest the election and he has a strong hope of winning the election, as he came to support Wellborn Bynnud and Grace who came to support him. He will hold the MLA election in Shella in
Nitish's remarks came two days before Kushwaha held a meeting of party supporters in Patna on 19th and 20th June.
For more information please call 8794147412 and
If we feel that we consider our Hima as our own country and our Kur as our own nation, then there will be confusion and many countries and many nations will emerge inside Bri Hynniewtrep but not Therefore, we are still alive and we know the counting of the counting of the countries. Therefore, we are one Hynniewtrep people.
The tournament is known as the 10th Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy, which is also part of the Golden Jubilee celebrations of the Association which has marked 50 years of service to the promotion of sports. within the District.
Have you ever wondered if the heavens would have been created without God? Isn't it God who created it?
Police said that Maitshaphrang was seriously injured in the incident but when he was rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong, the hospital authorities announced that he had died. dep died already.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the HBDRF, Bah Chandame Sungoh, said that Assam has invited Meghalaya three times to provide witnesses in connection with the incident. ha Mukroh, but Meghalaya has not been able to do so.
He said that the easiest way is to sit together and accept the exchange of ideas to ensure that the people living on the borders of the states will be able to live in peace and harmony. .
The Blue Tigers played well from the start and soon took the lead after Sandhiya scored the first goal in the 18th minute of the first half. Kyrgyz Republic scored the third goal.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, today held a meeting with the media, to explain to the public on the dangers of eating formalin-treated fish.
Shillong, July 01: After the Governor of Meghalaya, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has appointed Bah Pynshngain N Syiem for his posting under the Prevention of Disqualification Act, Those MDCs who have resigned are now doing what.
Therefore, the Seng invites all drivers and owners of vehicles to take their time to attend the meeting as there are urgent matters to be discussed.
“It is the Syiem Raid who has accepted the Garo Rangbah Shnong,” said the HNYM leader. “At the meeting held on 2nd November, 2022 between the Garo Rangbah Shnong, The Syiem of Raid Marwet and the Acting Chief of Mylliem Hima in Mawkhar, the union has made it clear that the Garo cannot appoint Rangbah Shnong because the order issued by the Hima Mylliem to the Garo is not recognize them only as 'village leaders'
Therefore, the union demands that immediate action should be taken to improve this road.
The Shillong Civil Hospital is the lifeblood of the residents of Shillong and others.
“No intelligent group of society will accept this law, which recognizes only one religion,” he said.
Shillong, June 30: Five political parties in Jaintia Hills including the SRS-EJH, AJYWO-CGB, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC have withdrawn their announcement earlier to call for a meeting. The 48-hour curfew was imposed after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah WR Lyngdoh, who promised in front of them that the maintenance of NH 44 will start from tomorrow. too bad.
“I have expressed the same feeling to the Union Railway Minister and the Minister has told me that he is ready to accept this proposal.
Police have admitted that in an attempt to protect themselves, they turned against the militants.
The jhur and jhep that grow in the forest are now almost extinct and many people have turned to the market jhur and don't care about the jhur ki jhep in the forest.
The Seng has received a letter sent by the Minister to the Director of the department urging him to appoint Jenny G.Momin as a Peon. don't.
Fear and despair are always in everyone but remember that we have that hope in the holy hand of God and we should not be afraid we should not lose hope even if Our country and the whole world are full of difficulties we must not lose that hope but we must stand firm to overcome these difficulties and sufferings that we face and victory It is in your faith to follow and obey the orders of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government and your faith in the Will of God so that we can overcome these things. Thank you very much for your faith. God bless you and your family.
In a statement sent by Bah John Makri, Publicity, HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi, said that the HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi is deeply saddened to see that the contractor has caused a lot of trouble. in the traffic of the people who use this road.
The HM should do his job and should not be afraid even if he understands that in the upcoming elections money will work hard in Mawsynram. task; If the people of Pisa become MLAs, the people of Mawsynram will become MLAs.
This will be an annual meeting and will also be an opportunity to get to know fellow filmmakers and actors.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat announced the release of free rice under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of August, 2020 at Khliehriat.
In the 60 kg category, Senebi Syngkli (St. Anthony's College) won by defeating Riteeka Sarki (BBS College).
“If the Government is serious about this issue and while the Government of India is reading the Resolution, the State Government should implement its own law which does not exist by setting up the gates in “It is the first time to show how successful the implementation of this Act is and how much it can detain people who enter the state without proper documents,” said the President of the KSU. In the past few months we have been monitoring this issue when we met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah (Bah Prestone Tynsong) he said that the Government of India has returned the MRSSA to the State and we have only seen efforts to implement MRSSA in some villages," he said.
Go to Shillong through Cyber ​​Cafe and cancel after 5 minutes.
Samla Ajit Makri, President, said that after finding out that these factories have employed foreigners who do not have proper documents, the union has decided to It has also warned the managers of these factories not to employ such employees without proper documents.
Police will call for investigation into these leaders and members of the KSU and they will be arrested for trial according to the law if found guilty, said a police chief. in West Jaintia Hills.
Kmoin Wahlang received the award from Ampareen Lyngdoh who was the chief guest along with Santa Mary Shylla as the chief guest, while Bonifilia Shullai was unable to attend due to India will face Bangladesh in the final tomorrow in Nepal.
W Passah Retd.H.O.D Electronics St.Edmund’s college.
In July 2021, the BJP government in Karnataka implemented the Karnataka Prevention of Slaughter and Preservation of Cattle Act,
He said that the union strongly opposes such illegal recruitment, because if there are such illegal jobs, it affects other job seekers, therefore the union strongly opposes and does not allow such acts to be committed unjustly by a few robbers.
The Rangbah Shnong of Laitkor Mawrie, Bah P Mawrie, said that the man had come to marry in the village but according to information, the man has no longer lived with his wife. .
Both sides of the road should be 4 meters long from Mawlong City Bus Parking Point to Bimola Pharmacy.
Registration can be obtained from the bicycle shop near St Edmund's School.
Shillong: The Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organizations (CoHSO) has strongly condemned the statement by Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb that the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 has no impact on the people.
He said they expect to fight for the victory because the mindset of the team is to win the game and not to draw.
This decision was taken at an emergency meeting of the Association held on Saturday.
The truck suddenly came into the path of the Maruti.
Bravo, KHADC. There is nothing to stop this behavior of the Jait Kmie/Women because the Khasi Custom Linage Act passed by the KHADC confirms their behavior.
The State Government, which has started implementing the Solar Mission which encourages solar power generation, will request the Central Government to provide subsidy for those who wish to install rooftop solar panels. rooftop solar plant.
Hek said the 46 people who tested positive include one patient from Nazareth Hospital, 30 high risk contacts, five nurses from Nazareth Hospital, two from Nazareth Hospital. 3 cases from Motphran, 3 cases from Anjalee, 2 cases from Khyndailad, one case from outside the state, one case from the public.
Not only in Babylon but beyond Babylon means beyond Damascus in Syria “I will lead you into captivity beyond Damascus” Amos 5:2
When he didn't have anything else to do, he immediately joined the 'seng shit niam' because he thought it wouldn't win him in the 2023 elections.
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for 12th June.
Judo was one of the 19 sports which ended on this day with the distribution of medals including gold, silver and bronze medals to the athletes who took part from children and youth. men and women.
'If the Government of India does not grant ILP, our government will divorce', said the slogans written on the streets in Jowai and others. places.
telavivAmea.
In a statement, the Seng through Kong A.Hynniewta, General Secretary, said that the Seng has already sent two letters requesting for the meeting on 09.03.2022 and .2022, but so far there has been no response from his office.
Shillong, June 23: Three children under the age of 10 years old were playing in a 6-7 feet tall hole, but while they were playing, one of them took out a stick and burnt it. The insect inside the hole, but because of the large number of leaves and branches, the fire stopped and spread quickly in the hole, and because the hole was too long they could no longer climb higher. , and in this incident three children died, two boys and one girl, one died on the spot, but when they were taken to the hospital for treatment, doctors said that the children were all three. They died before they reached the hospital.
Each beneficiary has received T.500 under this scheme as the first installment of T.500 to be paid next month.
The party has also promised to launch an Agri-Infrastructure Mission in which about Rs 500 crore will be allocated for the production of agricultural products and Rs 250 crore for the White Revolution to increase milk production. to fill the milk shortage in the state.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today announced that due to the presence of corona cases or those who have been in close contact with those who have contracted the disease, it has decided to close down the houses including Naz Hotel and Grace Hotel at Bimola Point, Sweeper Colony, Mawlonghat from today.
On the other hand, Bah Robertjune announced that the HYC will provide T110,000 per annum for the teachers with the contribution of the HYC troops. He said that if the Langpih area collapses, the KHADC should take responsibility for this.
In the state, there are also many school leavers who have not passed the Matric or Senior School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination because they have failed more than twice and have failed to pass.
Shillong, July 2: The Dorbar Dong Namchiang, which includes 17 villages in the Narpuh District, has held a public meeting on the 28th of this month at the Dorbar Hall Umkiang. The meeting was conducted by the Chairman, Ma Atiar Bamon, Rangbah Shnong of Tongseng, Secretary Ma Andreason Masar, Rangbah Shnong of Pyrtakuna.
To celebrate the feeling of 'Living it Large' and entertain thousands of music lovers in Manipal, Bhubaneshwar, Pune, Indore and Dehradun by bringing a different sound to the people, the Royal Stag Boombox has been launched. On the other hand, the company has released 4 songs.
The meeting unanimously and with a spirit of sorrow, on this incident, decided to convene a special meeting urgently with the Syiem and Bakhraw of the Hima Sohra, the Sordar Shnongs of Mawlong. , Wahlong, Majai, Sohbar, Rangbah Shnong, Village Authorities, Wahadadar, Executive Members of the Shella Confederacy and also the Miners & Exporters Association of the area on the 6th, October 2020 at 12 noon. :00 pm at Mawmluh, Sohra Dorbar Hall, so that these issues can be discussed and also to take further steps.
When they give us the charge-sheet, we will be able to understand where our defense lies.
The recent invasion by the Forest Department in 2023 has also raised doubts among some of the residents of this village because the trees are a precious resource for those who do not produce milk.
PN Syiem was elected as the Chairman of the Committee, Marbud Dkhar as the Working President, Robert Khongwir as the Working President, Nilufer Laloo as the Vice President, Edward Ryntathiang as the General Secretary. Sukhi Pariat as Assistant GS and Mebaailang Kharkongor as Treasurer.
“What fool would believe that we can spend so much because 240 crore tyngka is no longer a small amount.
He added that the union also demands that the law enforcement and government authorities should not suspend the members of the union just because of this issue, because they stand for the right to employment of these two Longkmie. .
Kong Rona speaks of what she knows, in her area, of what is and will be.
It is learned that on Saturday, the man went fishing in the pond with his friend and the time when the man drowned is not known. someone saw it at the time of the sinking.
After 50 years, by 2061, the population of Meghalaya will exceed 80,00,0
They said that as soon as 4 pm, all the people were ready to leave for their villages.
Jowai, March 30: The Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF-JHC) through a statement by its President Ma LK Laloo on Tuesday said that the land in Block-WA I has now become safe in terms of agriculture. There are no more violence from both the districts of Karbi Anglong and Jaintia Hills. The collaboration of three civil society organizations including the Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF-JHC), the Karbi Anglong Khasi Student Union (KAKSU) and The Karbi Students Association (KSA) has launched this committee on 16th July.
Loreto Convent, Laitumkhrah 33.
Stad tang mame me pastor jot,Why Call Someone An Idiot?Matthew 5:21-22“You have heard that it was said to those of old, 'You shall not murder; and whoever murders will be liable to judgment.
Although there is no law in India that cannot be recalled, if those Rangbah MPs and MDCs who won the election on the APHLC ticket) do not want to accept the Autonomous State, the It is fair that they should resign from the posts of MP and MDC and then allow the people to cast their ballots (whether through Bye-Election or General Election).
Shillong, June 4: The BJP today strongly criticized the Congress party at its election campaign rally held at Pynursla Market today. Shibun Lyngdoh, former BJP President HS Syiemlieh, UDP Leader David Kharsati, who has recently joined the BJP, was also present. Shibun has received speeches from BJP leaders and in his speeches, Kharsati has strongly criticized the Congress party especially its President, Sonia Gandhi. Sonia Gandhi is the richest person in the world and ranks seventh richest in the world, 'Sonia Gandhi is richer than Queen Elizabeth' He said that some of his close friends have told him that Sonia Gandhi has been collecting billions of rupees from Meghalaya alone. There are those who say that one candidate who wants a ticket has thrown money up to T.12 crore. The Congress ticket in Meghalaya has cost T.80 crore,” said David, who has been with the UDP for 17 years. BJP candidate Shibun Lyngdoh has strongly criticized the government's working methods. Shibun said the reason why the people of Jaintia and West Khasi Hills have expelled the Congress party is because of FDI or foreign investment. Direct Investment, which has destroyed the coal owners, because the coal is no longer marketable.
Last month, the ILP market was closed and the MDA government and all the Ministers were very excited about the visit and invitation of Union Home Minister Amit Shah to conduct the NEC meeting in Shillong. He is a person who cannot give or decide anything on the ILP, the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, the border with Assam and many other issues that affect our people.
On the other hand, the Minister also distributed checks and letters to the beneficiaries of the Prime Agriculture Response Vehicles, Piggery Development, Goat Farming, Common Facility Centre, Agriculture Warehouse Scheme under the CM Elevate program.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : The Chief Engineer of the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Bah BM Lyndem today said that the construction of the pipes of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (Phase-III) has almost been completed. just try this newly created line which is now running chess.
We do not know whether the council discussed anything about the land.
The Dolloi Langbang urged everyone to take good care of the environment, so as not to be affected by the future generations.
The Sri Lankan government is accused of borrowing money to develop various projects that do not generate revenue.
Speaking to those who marched in Kareli, Sangma said they should be proud of their Indian identity.
Speaking on the occasion, Vice Chancellor Dr. Alicia Gatphoh spoke on the achievements of the University and the need to establish a University Alumni Network and to strengthen the working relationship between the University. alumni and the University to contribute their knowledge.
Leaders of the union led by the President of Shillong City Franky Kharumnuid yesterday met with the management of the school to discuss the issue and demanded the change of the school. Batch because it affects the beliefs of non-Hindus.
This is the funeral of Caffinia Nongsiej, 15, and Maianylla Nongsiej, 10, two brothers who died in the collapse of their house in Nongstoiñ on the 17th of this month.
In this second round, the MSOA will spend up to T.1,270,000 including all the prizes for the winners.
Shillong: The youths of the Thabah Kur, residents of Nongspung Hima, have expressed their surprise over the action of the Lyngdoh Sohiong, Bah Bashemphang Thabah, by selling the Shnat Hima Nongwah Mawtamur to the Hima. Jirang, which includes more than 20 villages to the Assam border, under the jurisdiction of Lyngdoh Sohiong.
“To support the demand and decision of the Legislative Assembly, HANM has agreed that this issue which is for the life and death of the state should not be left to the Legislative Assembly. , but as a party responsible for the state, we will go to Delhi to hold a protest,” said Bah Thongni.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: As one of the speakers at the rally organized by the Seng Kynthei, Upper Shillong Pyllun on Saturday to protest against the murder of a young woman from Sawmer shiteng, Adelbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw said that during the Kyllang Operation of the HNLC in the past decades, there has never been any rape of women and no such incident has ever been heard of.
“Before the establishment of the bank, we had met with all the 17 villages in Block-II and agreed to accept the proposal to set up a branch of the bank,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh requested the cooperation of the Heads of Nongsynshar Shnongs including Rangbah Shnongs and Sordar Shnongs from different villages under the Mairang Civil Sub-Division in the implementation of the fight against the spread of Coronavirus.
Shillong: The KSU Umdohlun Circle and KSU Nongmluh Unit, have expressed their strong opposition to the distribution of ration in four villages of the area by the vendor for the months of October and November
Replying to a question, Bah Hek said, “It is up to the party leaders in Delhi to decide who will contest this election.
“In those days, the region suffered a lot from the Partition of the country as it lost connections with Central places of transportation, educational and commercial centers like Dhaka and Kolkata .
In the past few months, the Government has decided to implement a Joint Venture to revive the oldest dewbilat factory in Meghalaya which has been in the midst of a pandemic.
We have urged the DGP to ensure that peace and order should be maintained on the border and there should be no group to threaten,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee;
Fourthly, try to avoid clicking on suspicious or fraudulent emails that come into your email and avoid messages that come to your mobile number from time to time. If you fill out the form sent through the link you will get money and laptop and so on.
If we find out, the HNLC will not hesitate to take strong action as it will disrupt the peace talks”.
“She admitted that the income of the people if this project is resumed will greatly improve them.
Speeches were also delivered by the Sordar of Swer, Bah Sordron Nongrum, the owner of Rupang newspaper, Bah RM Shabong, and Bel Wankhar, the assistant of the shlem.
On this occasion, Bah Ardent said that the people who do this are those who cannot blame him for his work and because they don't have any reason, they started to harass them. his son and his household.
“We are human beings and we have feelings and these actions happen regularly,” said the BJP. “But we in the BJP believe and work for the building of the nation through the party and not that we work for no one personally.
The Sardars, Nokmas and Laskers hear any complaints within their jurisdiction or any incidents within their jurisdiction,” said the Council. Nokma added, “This has greatly benefited the Kurs, families and villages who do not need to spend money especially those who are poor and cannot afford to appeal to the Government Courts or the Police.
“Not the Mawthabah-Wahkaji road but the government has proposed many places to connect the state with roads from the border area, highways to connect from one district to another and to Assam.
The word “turn violent” can refer to that kind of act or struggle that leads to violence, even bloodshed, followed by the lack of peace – that too for the Khasi people – from the same household. ka Sem – Same Kur ka Kha – Same village, hope that there will still be elders, sons and daughters of the Jaitbynriew who do not want such a religious struggle; the nation shall be destroyed.
Professor KS Nongkynrih said, “Our writing should be like a book with a beginning and an end”.
The President also launched the railway from Guwahati to Lumding Pass to Shokhuvi in ​​Nagaland and the railway from Mendipathar to Meghalaya.
A 49-year-old soldier from Shillong, Meghalaya, who was employed in 101 Area, Upper Shillong, was hit by a pickup truck while he was driving on Boucher Road. police.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Titos said that because of the desire of the people to see change, they expected the party to win many MLAs this time.
Another thing that has shocked the public this season of the MSL is that the big clubs from Shillong have not been able to play easily because other clubs from different districts have also been able to play. fight hard against them.
“It is surprising that the Assam government has dared to violate the soskular signed to suspend development works in the border villages of the two states while the border talks are ongoing,” said Samla. Sumar Lyngdoh urged the Meghalaya government to take immediate action against these border crossings by Assam in the territory of Meghalaya.
Welcome speech was delivered by AP Syiem (DSEO) and welcome speech by HC Lamin BMC Amlarem Block.
However, another is that the government should punish those who commit torti or work only after the investigation.
Shillong, March 28: The HSPDP (CEC) meeting held today at the residence of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit in Lad-Nongkrem has rejected the application for ticket of the party. Fenela L Nonglait and considered only the names of three other applicants besides Fenela.
Shillong, Lber 17 : U Bah Process T Sawkmie, President of the Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum (MCPF), who is also a former MLA on Thursday, 15th October, 2024, met with Dr Helen Giri Syiem at the Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum (MCPF). I live in Mawlai Mawroh.
Jason Wahlang tied 53 runs off 46 balls and Tushan Marak scored 18 runs off 18 balls.
He said that in fact it is the army that will give land to the state government to improve the road especially on the Upper Shillong road which is narrow and traffic jams occur only when there are accidents or collisions. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a doctor said that eating raw soybeans does not have any harmful effects after being cleaned properly but it can cause harmful effects gradually.
She said that as of now, it is only a request from the court to the state government to clarify on the illegal mining of coal in the state as filed by the Dimasa Student Union. The Environmental Court will have to hear the matter again.
How much more when every day and for many hours the bapli have to endure, in the midst of the storm, not only the heat of the strong sun but also the breath of life. pump.
Regarding this news, Rupang once again spoke to Pastor Phawa on this issue. The Pastor said that it is true that Bah Ardent was allowed to hold the meeting at Madan Student. , and the decision was changed at midnight of the same day, which is contrary to what he had already spoken to reporters in the morning in his office.
On this occasion, the Seng Kur Dkhar West Jaintia Hills Central Body has taken this opportunity to congratulate and praise the hard work of the Seng Kur Dkhar West Jaintia Hills under the leadership of Harwis C Dkhar as President, and Medistar Dkhar, General Secretary, together with the Circle Units, have taken the initiative to investigate the case of Shidorki from Barato Village, West Jaintia Hills. Jowai District Jail in the past few months, who has taken a Kur shim jait from our Dkhar Kur, by giving himself a Dkhar Kur, but after investigation, it has been found. The Secretary of the Barato-Mukroh Unit of the Barato-Mukroh Unit of West Jaintia Hills District has admitted that Shidorki is not a member of the Dkhar Kur. you are from the Tyngkan tribe.
