Shangpliang said that besides T.52 crore, the government has promised to release the installments of the outstanding arrears.
N:B:- The author welcomes any comments or suggestions on this article.
Because Satan as the devil knows exactly what Israel and what Jerusalem is.
The protest was announced by KSU Vice President Federick Kharmawphlang after a meeting of the KSU members at an unknown venue on Tuesday evening.
Regarding the exemption of Meghalaya from the Coalmines Nationalization Act, it is according to many churches that it was the hard work of former MP GG Swell who was able to force the government to shall not subject the state to this provision of this Act.
It is learned that out of the salary he has received of T.60 lakh in 58 months as an MLA, all this salary has been distributed to the people and when counted it has reached more than T.69 lakh.
“In the 10 years as an MLA I have worked hard and I have been able to bring many roads, water supply, health centres, schools and other development works even as an opposition MLA.
The opening ceremony of the new office of the NPP was concluded with a welcome to the leaders of other parties including the BJP, UDP, Congress and HSPDP from different parts of the Nongpoh Constituency. Conrad Sangma welcomed and honored the participants.
There have also been some changes in the constitution of the party,” he said.
These commercial vehicle drivers said that even if the fare is reduced, the passengers have complained and even if the fare is reduced, the price of fuel has not increased and many passengers have been charged. That means you have been arrested and arrested by the police.
said John.
Of the three injured, two are men and one is a woman and two of them are seriously injured.
In fact, the government has already built special houses for them but they are not willing to move from the Iewmawlong Metor.
The President Rangbah said that if the CAA is fully implemented, there will be a good war in the state because HANM will not allow the Khasi/Pnar people to become employees of foreigners.
“The Government has to implement the demands, which it can,” she said.
Samla O. Risuklang Shangpliang, son of Mr. Obington Marbaniang and Mrs. Pherida Shangpliang and granddaughter of I (L) Mesimai Shangpliang, resident of Mawsynram Dongrum, East Khasi Hills, has received his Degree. of Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.
The Umkhen River has now turned into a garbage dump.
First of all, we see that the KHNAM party does not agree with the policies or actions of this government, but because it has only one MLA, the NPP leader from Khasi-Jaintia does not hesitate, but speaks However, the parties that do not like the MDA under the leadership of the NPP, should please leave the MDA government because it has no impact on the stability of the MDA government. The BJP party through its state president has called on the government to oppose the corruption in the illegal coal mining and corruption in the District Councils.
Let us be one as a country of unity in language, culture and story.
Gardner has also won the title twice now after winning her first title in November
The Additional Deputy Commissioner also promised to send the decision to the NHAI and the higher authorities.
Under Section 34 (c) of the Disaster Management Act, 2005, the Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), EJHD has urged the public to take precautionary measures. which refuses to approach the site of the tower to avoid any incident that may happen until the PWD department takes action to ensure the safety of the site.
Thus, it has brought about distrust between these authorities.
“We have to strengthen the blocks in the Shillong area first, because they have the most important role,” he said. it is to appoint the office bearers first.
Gratitude was also expressed to the donors and benefactors who helped in various ways to make the day a success.
Speaking to reporters, Tylli Myrthong, President of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, said that the MBOSE has not yet responded to the MBOSE. wait within 15 days and after that, we will remind them in writing and if they don't do anything, we will go to court”.
He said that the farmers are still relying on urea as an important drug for agriculture but due to the lack of confidence of the previous government, the farmers have suffered a lot. problems because they no longer receive the subsidy price which has put the farmers in a very difficult situation which has affected the farmers' pockets.
The areas affected by the curfew include Tympang Club.
There are many households who have left their homes and have moved to these cremation grounds or houses inside the countryside, because they are afraid that there will be a collapse of the Khadar rule. and you are happy.
Spill Thamar, MPS SP Ri Bhoi District has been appointed as the Commandant of the 4th MLP Battalion in place of Singh while Thamar has been appointed as the Commandant of the 6th MLP Battalion. .
In 68 years the North East has only nine airports, in just five years it has increased to 17.
Khimti Dkhar and E Sana were the only two players to score 17 and 10 runs respectively.
Many crops have been damaged and destroyed by the wind and rain, while the fields have been covered with shyiap, stone and others which has discouraged the farmers.
The Holy Mass was led by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of Father Hilarius Lamare, Vicar General of Jowai Diocese, Father Devasia, former Parish Priest of Mowkyndeng Parish and Fathers of Mowkyndeng Parish.
He said that there are farmers who have stopped harvesting from their fields, because even the bill has not been paid.
Punjab police on Tuesday questioned and questioned the UK mother and wife of Amritpal Singh and filed a fresh charge of intimidation, extortion and committing crimes according to the complaint of the religious leader of the Gurdwara.
Donbok alleged that the inability of the department to answer RTI questions shows that there is secrecy regarding the transfer and replacement of officers in the police department.
Malik, who is the current Governor of Meghalaya, is one of the strongest supporters of the farmers' protest against the laws of the Indian government and has made it clear that he is ready to step down. in order to support the protests of the farmers.
According to the government authorities, the snieh and shyieng khla seized on that day were worth about Rs 20 lakh.
This offering was also given to the Manbei of the Kur Syiem.
Regarding the third allegation, I attended the meeting of this group with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Christmas 2014, a few months after the formation of the government.
However, it can be said that the good performance in these examinations in those years has helped them to continue their studies until now.
These insects are known, in scientific terms, as Brood X. They appear on earth and migrate for about six months, because these are the days when they breed and produce also the voice, which is loud, to seek their own sheep.
For example, when the Jewish council in Jerusalem ordered Peter and John not to speak in the name of Jesus, Peter and John told the council, “Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye: for we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard”.
Mawphlang SC and Kharang SC won the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
The RCC Bridge No 54/1, which is located near Shymplong village, was flooded on the 17th of June The bridge has been covered with snow and has caused a lot of trouble to the people of the area, especially when it comes to illness and also in the transportation of goods as it is the only bridge connecting many villages in the area. It is located in East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Leaders of Christian churches from various parts of Assam and the North East on Thursday met in Guwahati to express their unity with all those who have been persecuted.
Congress leaders on Friday staged a protest after one of their leaders, Pawan Khera, was dropped from a plane in Delhi bound for Raipur.
Arvind Kejriwal was sworn in for the third time as the Chief Minister of the small state in Delhi at Ramlila Ground.
The OnePlus 8 Pro has four cameras and one of them is a photochrom lens and it has been removed because it will not be able to shoot images that disturb others.
It is alleged that this promotion is in violation of the rules made by the High Court.
The Minister urged the supporters, leaders of political parties and all stakeholders to work for peace, unity so that no ethnic group will be affected in the country. state.
Shillong, July 07: Laitryngew village, East Khasi Hills, about 25 kilometers from the city of Shillong, which also falls under the Sohra Constituency Assembly Seat, has been known as one of the famous villages in the production of coal. in the past and it is one of the activities on which the villagers rely for their livelihood.
The District Sports Office (DSO) in collaboration with the WJDSA will hold the Open Volleyball Championship-2023 for boys and girls.
Rosario, 94, from Spain, died on Friday at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
How insulting to the Khasi bapli, where there has never been a law of the government to hand over legal documents to other political parties, as it does to the Khasi.
How is it possible that these same people will change their language in just four days? The people must repent in order to fulfill what Jesus said and prophesied to His disciples that He would suffer and be killed in order to save mankind in all the earth.
According to information received, this happened at about 8:30 pm when a man named Bah Paimon Khongkrom committed suicide by hanging himself with a marketplace. and wait at the door until he dies from this earth.
Marshall Manar, Secretary, Central Body, Seng Kur Shadap Manar, said that the ceremony was attended by Marshall Manar.
Faleiro's statement is long-winded and surprising that he has threatened Bah Pala.
The Umsing leaders said that the money to donate to the health workers was distributed among themselves, after they were deeply concerned about the problem. health workers, because they are hardworking despite receiving a small salary from the government.
“Out of the 900 voters in this village, about 200 voters did not take part in the last election believing that the EVM has been linked to Aadhaar,” he said. and Mr. Nongroom.
A member of Khnam, a party that fights to help the suffering and persecuted, has visited Lapangap, but he told me that the authorities of District West Jaintia Hills have not allowed them to go as a group with two or three people. they shall obey.
The CAG report also shows that the survey was conducted in seven blocks including Mylliem, Mawphlang, Mawkyrwat, Umsning, Selsella and Tikrikilla in February-May 2011, November-December 2011 and January-February 2012.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma in 2021 has announced the construction of the Mawshynrut-Hahim Intermediate Road at a cost of T.99.76 crore. but it hath not yet been fulfilled.
Earlier, the UDP had decided to propose to its MDA allies to nominate a joint candidate for the upcoming MP elections and proposed that the Shillong parliamentary constituency should support the UDP candidate while the Tura constituency should support the UDP candidate. The UDP has also elected the Rajya Sabha to the NPP from Shillong.
She was between 40 and 45 years old and was wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans.
People over 65 years of age, people with other illnesses, poor mothers and children under 10 years of age are advised to stay at home.
Nongstoin, Nailur 29: The last tribute to Ma ieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, who is the oldest MLA among all the MLAs, has been held in a very special ceremony. The last rites of Ma ieid were held at the Nonglait Kur Dorbar Hall, before the body was taken to the Mane House and the cemetery of the Mawkyllei Presbyterian Church.
Besides, the RBSU also expressed the need to provide a Scanning Machine, Ultra Sound, CT Scan and others. These needs have forced the people to leave for Shillong even for small jobs.
“We just came to do the test, we don't have the authority to say whether to sell or not,” said the officer who led the workers to do the test at the market.
“The Reservation Policy should be based on demography and that is why it is necessary to discuss this issue in the Legislative Assembly by convening a special session,” said Ardent.
“The government is now releasing their salary for two months and will soon release another two months,” said the Sohra MLA. Dr Mukul Sangma to look into the problems of the workers of the factory and to ensure that the factory should be operational as soon as possible.
At that time people will suffer from many kinds of diseases such as fever, chills, tuberculosis...Ah, the poor villagers don't have the money to go to hospital and buy medicine.
Police have also seized three mobile phones, an ATM card and a Pancard and are now in the custody of the police. illicit drugs.
The group is currently led by Dayoophi Iakai as Convener and Phrangsngi Sutnga as Co.
They are more detailed in these areas of conversation especially household chores and related topics according to the conversation stories.
The Lamphang will have to follow the rules of procedure to revoke Benedic's MLAship as the complaint came from the party and is against the party and his intention to overthrow the MDA government. He also tried to persuade the NPP MLAs to join another party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh to discuss the MUDA boundary crossing in the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
Shillong, Nailur, 26: “The attack by the Karbi on the Pnar people of Lapangap village with bird shooting knives and spears shows the desire of the Karbi for bloodshed,” said the Khun Hynniewtrep National. The Awakening Movement (KHNAM) said in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday through its Working President, Bah Thomas Passah.
Zechariah 12:11.
First Aid Training was also conducted by Instructor of GVK EMRI 108 Ifberth Tham.
He said that the road is in poor condition from Trongpleng to Lad Bakli.
He was always there for me and those around us, they can attest to that," she said.
Nike Pakma (20') and Ebormi Jat (82') scored the goals for Wahiajer.
Society will collapse and there will be murder and bloodshed unless there is a just, true, accountable and fair administration of the laws and regulations and operates in accordance with the Constitution.
Speaking in the House after the resignation of four VPP MLAs for protesting against his speaking in Hindi, the Governor said that other development projects of the second MDA government are in the hands of the people. roads, electricity bridges and drinking water supply to the people.
The village has also informed the households who should have received this water through the JJM scheme, but the office said that up to 145 households will receive this water and so far the village has 50 households left. , who have not yet received water and 95 have received water, and that too is not from the JJM scheme, but the JJM top has been built, but the old PHE top has been pumped to supply water. the top JJM, added the Rangbah Shnong.
“To sa leit suk khun,” said the mother near the phalor and watched until he escaped from a corner of the road.
It appears that the gangs are filled with a spirit of hatred and hatred for the poor Christians in the area, by turning against the shlems who teach and dedicate themselves for the welfare of the youth and the future of the people. they.
This is in a statement sent by Bah Banjop Wahlang, Secretary HSPDP.
I think the people should have distinguished between the leader and the legislator.
Babu SS Majaw also expressed his regret that the State Government has been too late to go to Delhi to lock the door for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The HYC Mawshynrut under the leadership of its President Samla Losbingnel Lyngkhoi, said that this is according to the Right to Information (RTI) request requested by the HYC Mawshynrut on the distribution of the FOCUS scheme. sha that paid Nongrep you are.
“Police have arrested one person and three other complaints have been lodged.
Shillong, July 17: The District Council Affairs (DCA) of the State Government has sent the Village Administration Bill, 2015 to the Legal Department for reading the provisions of the Bill. The Governor of the State of V Shanmuganathan.
Whatever issues are raised or discussed by the Congress, he goes around the country.
The purpose of this campaign is to encourage all residents to take responsibility for the cleanliness of the village and its surroundings.
The actress, who has a relationship with Timothee Chalamet, is one of the members of the Karda Shian/Jenner family to undergo surgery and all her brothers have undergone various surgeries.
Choudary is said to have been involved with various militant groups, including the recently banned Islamic militant group Al Muhajiroun.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday slammed the BJP for the delay in approving the implementation of the ILP in the state. The BJP in Delhi has the key to implementing this demand for more than four years.
Many of the political party leaders in the state, no matter which party they belong to, all started from the Congress party.
Rimanda Suchiang welcomed the guests and the program was concluded with a prayer by Rev. GC Lynden.
Vishal Balmiki scored 66 runs from 82 balls while Raja Balmiki scored 40 runs from 37 balls.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh said that the tournament is a memorial to (L) Dr. Jerin Syiem who is the father of (L) Dr.Jerin Syiem. He has contributed to the society, and through this tournament it will also be an opportunity for the youth to take part in developing their talents in football which is one of the most prominent sports. haka world.
“The Minister also said that the recruitment is not complete for these vacancies at the 100 bed hospital, according to the procedure that should be done through the District Selection Committee (DSC).
The Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek in his speech, said that the Government has implemented the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) to reduce the suffering of people and to control the loss of money with the help of technology.
When asked whether the compensation will be given to the families of these two men, Bah Tynsong said, “We will not talk about that yet.
“I am fortunate in the last two and a half months to understand that there are many areas across Meghalaya where there is a strong demand for farmers to cultivate krai.
At the same time, there have also been landslides in many places in the Narpuh area which has caused more traffic jams.
In the end, with faith we will fight hard until we win and we will rejoice.
Shillong: The Minister of Disaster Management, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, today said that the heavy rains since June till 29th July 2020 have affected about 617 villages in Meghalaya. .
US-led forces have prepared 16 missions to attack ISIS in Iraq and five in Syria since Tuesday.
The final of the tournament will be held at the Indoor Games Complex, Iongpiah, Jowai.
Three HSPDP MDCs have not yet received their seats, but according to the agreement, one of them may lose their seats. Grace Mary Kharpuri, LG Nongsiej and PK Pangniang.
She also praised the efforts of BDO Peter Tremi Passah to launch the Open Defecation Free Status which is a fund to provide outdoor toilets in every household.
The order issued by the District Magistrate on Tuesday under Section 144 CrPC has immediately banned the holding of fishing competitions with prize money exceeding 1,00,000/- (Shi Lak) tyngka and an entrance fee of more than 100/- (Shin Hundred) tyngka per ryngwiang.
You may be surprised, but it is true that a journalist drank beer worth USD 99,983.64, or $71,70,226 at a hotel in Manchester.
According to sources, one of the NSCN-IM leaders was arrested along with a Manipur woman (40 years old); while another NSCN-IM leader is still on the run.
However, those who saw and witnessed saw that Bah Martle has been with the people from the beginning until he became a leader and until now he is with the people of the constituency and the state as a whole.
Nongpoh, July 31: Youths and school children from Ri-Bhoi District today took part in a drawing competition as part of the celebration of the International Water Conclave on the importance of water for sustainability and preservation. -Preserve it for the future especially in these hilly states of our country which was held at the District Library in Nongpoh.
After the war, he was promoted to Brigadier Ernest Wood Swer.
After a while, he came with the villagers, threatened the BSF troops and recorded a video to defame the troops,” said a statement from the BSF. “The allegation that the BSF troops The BSF troops who patrol the border are providing protection to the people living in the border villages. .
Shillong, Jymmang, 28: It will be surprising and encouraging news that as the Khasi people, there are still some families who still have land that has been well cared for by their ancestors for the sake of their heritage. follow behind them.
Also present was the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah C. Pohlong who is also the Planning Officer of the Council.
members of the Executive Committee including 4 women were also elected.
Almost every week he has to travel to Delhi as he has a house in the city.
“Now, if you look at the world news, there are two issues, one is the war in the Middle East, in Iraq and Syria.
However, Bah Lyngdoh intends to contest on the Congress ticket which he joined again after leaving the BJP while Dr. War will contest from the UDP against incumbent MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
It is also helpful to know that she took her first and final vows as a Catholic in 1956 and 1962 in Chittagong, which was then in East Pakistan. now like Bangladesh.
Rupang has asked the authorities to find out why there is so much traffic jam in Shillong.
During this meeting, the youth should be encouraged to listen to their views, and other discussions or suggestions may also be included.
It is worth mentioning that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in recent days, has announced that the demarcation of the border in the second phase, which will include 6 areas. The border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya will be held after the Independence Day celebrations this month.
On the other hand, UDP South West Khasi Hills District Leader Bah PS Wanniang said, “It is impossible to raise the flag and there is no rule for the internal leaders to announce to raise the flag.
Because of the arrival of these 'Niangsaiddho' to eat all the Sla Khniang, which they had planted to feed the Niangryndia, has made it difficult for the farmers to feed the Niangryndia and which has also caused some “It's a good idea to have a clean slate of Niangryndia,” said the Rangbah.
Even if the world economy declines slowly, India will survive,” he said.
On the day of the opening ceremony, only the OPD Block was opened and the hospital will be fully operational after 2 or 3 months.
“Strengthen the ownership of these border areas with documents because once the documents are available, no one will be able to enter and we have armed ourselves with documents and dulir,” he said. added.
Ri Bhoi has won six gold medals in the weightlifting category. In the men's 73 kg category, Anasthasius Ryndongsngi won 107 points. with 112 points which gave him 219 points.
“In 2018, the BJP members elected Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister and he was their only supporter.
The earthquake measured 5.4 on the Richter Scale.
Banshai Marbaniang also congratulated the Meghalaya government for doing its utmost to protect the people from the corona virus and for allocating funds to the MLAs and MDCs. for the purpose of providing assistance to the people at this time.
The election of the new Speaker of the KHADC was necessary after the Speaker, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew resigned from the post before being elected by the ruling PDF in the recent Budget Session. .
The union also urged the government to take responsibility so that the youth who have returned to Meghalaya should follow the guidelines of the health department.
The hospital authorities through a statement said that this award was received after the achievement of many areas of excellent performance, which also reflects the hard work of the hospital. in relation to health care.
Bah Thabah explained that they should not misunderstand or be afraid of the Adhar number, because the government's purpose is to avoid fraudsters or thieves. I don't have anyone to thank me.
“It is a political act by the exploiters,” said Conrad and added that such a thing is unacceptable.
Tongkhar said that after receiving this news, the department has sought information in Delhi, but the ministry has said that it has no information on this news.
The confirmation ceremony was attended by the President of Ribhoi District Unit Bah Ajit Makri and other leaders and members of the Circle.
“To support and cooperate with the state government at this time, the state as a village has unanimously decided to donate this money to the CM Relief Fund for COVID-19,” he said. Shulla.
Shortly after, media reported that there was a heavier shooting near Parliament and it is suspected that there are still armed militants in the area.
In this regard, the director has asked for time from the union and the union has given one day to the office to explain to the union.
He said that the emergence of the party is only to disrupt and divide the political system in the Khasi Hills.
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) together with the Bor District has held a public hearing after several protests against the re-licensing of Uranus Stone Product and Co. Boulder located in Umduba for environmental clearance.
When asked about the new cases, which have been detected in some of these states, the Chief Minister said that the situation of Covid-19 is surprising and until these days, it cannot be believed that we have be 100% equipped but all seen, trained.
If they cultivate with this new method, the yield will be twice as much as they used to.
Perhaps the Sohra MLA's remarks are a metaphor for the lack of attention of the former Sohra leaders who have not done anything for the school.
At the same time, Bah AL Hek, said that the existence of the market, will increase the income in the area, through agriculture and that is that the farmers will get to sell the goods inside the market.
“I don't misuse the money of the people even for a penny, or I don't ask for money from anyone,” said Manas.
In our view, we are ashamed to see his bias to condemn the leaders who have stood firm to protect the dignity and language of the people of the state who do not use it. Hindi as a language of speech or writing and many do not understand it.
The failure of the factory to issue the No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the village since November 2022 has become increasingly worrying.
If the Government of India does not provide more funds to the State Government to continue the cleaning of the Umkhrah River, it will inevitably put pressure on the Government and the villages that have implemented the project.
Guwahati: Four new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Bongaigaon district of Assam.
Skhemborlang Marboh performed a beautiful song on the occasion.
The statement said that the cows have been handed over to the Police Station for further investigation.
He said a case has been registered against the smuggler under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing, he added.
“In the midst of the accusations, the accusations against Bah Samlin, we will not blame anyone but we will continue to lead,” he said.
Nongtnger said that during further investigation, police have recovered another Pulsar 150 from Amlarem and another Pulsar 220 from Pynursla, which did not have any number plate and later confirmed. These vehicles were stolen from Amlarem and Pynursla.
It is worth mentioning that the Adhoc teachers of the state have been on strike for 10 months at the same place to demand a salary increase which the government has immediately implemented.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has said that the Government should not make the people living in Mawlong Market the last children, but should use its powers and respond with actions to achieve the goals. the demands of the people.
Thousands of bike-arshaka from Assam to Langpih area in these days, although there has been a lot of flooding, is no different from what the Chinese troops have done in the Galwan Hills, Ladakh. .
The court on 14th June sentenced Ram Dhar to life imprisonment and a fine of T.5,000 and ordered him to pay compensation to the family of the victim up to T.3 lakh. amount.
If the great rulers are against God's law, God will destroy them, because God is the same God, the God of Daniel and the God of today.
A small request to this government and also to the officers in charge is that 'please resolve the border on the basis and rights of the country and the country'
Mizoram scored the first goal in the 16th minute through Isak.
We received a tip about this since last night at about 12:30 pm and immediately, the police rushed to the scene.
India's leading batsman KL Rahul, who was expected to play in the fourth Test, will miss the final match in Dharamsala.
So the child, in his misunderstanding, wrote exactly as it was an essay about Friends and instead of the word Friend he wrote the word Father.
When there are such teachers, I am very encouraged until I am able to read the books until I pass well in my examinations.
He said that although the party cannot give anything to them, but it is hoped that through their gratitude, it will bring back the holy fruit in their lives and a bright future.
After graduation, Joycy worked for many companies in Guwahati including a steel company and also worked as a manager in a shop.
According to him, the price of diesel in Guwahati is 90.33 tyngka while in Khanapara, Ri Bhoi it is 84.10 tyngka per litre, which means that the price has differed by 6.23 tyngka per liter between Khanapara and Guwahati.
However, it was found that the state government and NHAI did not believe.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, has once again announced the rules for commercial and private vehicles on the roads. Only vehicles ending in numbers 1,3,5,7 & 9 are allowed to pass on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday, while vehicles ending in numbers 0,2,4,6 & 8 are allowed to pass. on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, but on Sundays there is no restriction on private vehicles to travel on the road.
Police have not yet said how the youth died but the investigation is ongoing to find out who was with him on the night of the 6th.
The Seng Khihlang understands that the syiar ryngkuh has been used in the chasuble of the newly consecrated priests. I would like to know whether the syiar is the copy right of the Seng Khihlang? If the syiar ryngkuh, the dress, the music is the copy right of Khihlang, I suggest that if anyone uses it without their consent, they should complain to the relevant authorities.
A total of 14 teams participated in the tournament.
According to Bah Ioanis Narleng, Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, the incident happened at 1 pm this morning. Mitilda Lyndem and Merilinda Majaw, residents of Baridua, while the rest are shopkeepers of foreigners who come to stay in Baridua.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
Through this statement, the Union also informed the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District, that if they need any assistance, the Union is ready to come forward, as all the departments of the Ri Bhoi District. Sengs across the state have been directed to cooperate in this work together with the District Authorities, the Health Department and the Village Authorities.
Shillong, October 10: The Umniuh-Tmar Sirdarship will hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem on the 29th and 30th October 2014 to preserve the culture and traditions of the Khasi people.
It is true that to meet the needs of the family we must find ways but we should not be those who go beyond the limits until we become the destroyers of the environment, because by destroying the environment we get only one benefit. That is the wealth of the country but remember that once the Mother Earth is destroyed, many of the benefits we can lose are according to the following brief explanation: (1) The beginning of the loss of drinking water sources.
It is at this time that the candidate and his party receive the medicine.
“This is a game that will be held across the country.
There are 10,94,947 male voters, 11,22,150 female voters and 3 Third Gender voters.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, said that these cows were seized while the troops were patrolling the border area of ​​Muktapur PP. Information on the theft of cows should be sent to Muktapur PP for legal action.
Nongpoh, November 9: A mother named Kong Espinoris Lyngdoh (35), resident of Iewmawlong village, Ri Bhoi District, has gone missing since the morning of the 5th of November.
Those who converted to Hinduism also had to abandon many things which were not related to the traditional Khasi customs and traditions.
The Meghalaya Federation of Persons with Disabilities, Shillong, today held its second General Meeting at the Law College, Dhankheti, Shillong.
OO Laloo, resident of Loomkyrwiang, Jowai, passed away on
The player also scored 754 ODI runs in 2021, including an unbeaten 143 runs in ODIs in England.
After the death of his wife Kim Kardashian, Kanye has been spending his money and has reportedly bought a commode worth Rs 39 crore. , only for him to toilet himself.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Vincent Pala, said that many things are needed by the people of the state, such as electricity, which still needs about 350 MV, if this can be achieved, it will be enough. “It is a source of employment for the villagers. More and more factories will emerge due to the availability of electricity. “If the nation will provide the opportunity to support education for children from primary to class XII free of charge, to establish universities,” he said. He also spoke on the issues of addressing the problems of farmers and traders to escape from looting, fines, as well as to manage the “I am an MP when I go to Delhi, when I talk about Meghalaya, They say that it is the most corrupt state in India, I am sorry, will we vote for them again, if we are bought votes in such states? men who are known to be robbers, corrupt, and if we throw them back, what kind of people will you and I be? There is still a way if we want our children to get jobs, if we come to power we promise to give jobs to the children of those from poor families.” “Regarding the coal, I have already said, The Supreme Court (SC) has already given its ruling to pass the laws and once the laws are passed, we will send them to the Central Government for review and consideration. “If you do this, you will lose yourself. The collection of money from coal trucks which is billions of rupees per night, with this money they are now contesting elections.” “If others buy, you should just throw away their wealth if they come to offer you money at home, because that is the money of the people, the money of the government, the money they get. “This country is the richest country in India, with coal, oil and other minerals. “We also have an oil field on the border, but the leaders are the ones who promise during the election and sell us,” said Pala.
“All these 81 pending cases are due to the lack of action by government departments and the lack of criminal investigation,” said the CAG. Shillong, July 23: The Indian Air Force will conducted the recruitment for Group Y (Non-Technical) Trades at 11 Airmen Selection Centre, VIP Chowk, Borjhar, Guwahati (Assam) from 13th to 17th November, It will be for young men from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura.
No FPS dealers shall be deducted from the allocation allocated by the Government in connection with the distribution of any food items from NFSA and Non-NFSA. Those farmers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards should be deprived of ration.
Therefore, the Governor of the State has issued a notice that those who have reached the age of 70 years should no longer be appointed or re-appointed.
Besides, he said that the danger facing the Jaidbynriew is that if it is defeated in trade and income.
Those who speak the same language are like the same language, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, quickly, quickly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly , doi doi, dick dick, slowly slowly, line by line, slowly slowly, slowly slowly, ram ram; The words that differ from the first and the last are Huri Hura, Lap Lah, Laki Laka, Luri Lura, Patung Pateng, Buk Bak, Tari Tara, Luk Liak, Khim Khait. There are some words that have meaning in both words and there are those that don't.
When asked how they have arranged to take over the post of Minister of State whether it is according to the party's opinion, Renik said that they have arranged for only two MLAs. He said that the change came only yesterday and he saw it through the newspapers but he said that they still have to resolve these issues within the party.
However, MFMA President Commander Shangpliang, without mentioning any other issues, said, “To oppose the performance of Rock On is only the opinion and feeling of the members of this Association.
At the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held which was conducted by Dr.S Dkhar, Medical Officer in charge of the PHC. Dr.KC Ajar gave a welcome speech. who were invited to attend the opening ceremony.
Shops should ask customers to bring their own plastic bags and not to use plastic bags and not to stay in shops for long periods of time. You don't have to pay in cash, you don't have to be close to the customers.
He said that besides those who have removed 134 shops, there are still 108 shops which he is still seeking clarification, due to the inability to comply with the provisions of the Trading by Non Tribal Act.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Tuesday vowed to file a complaint in the Meghalaya High Court alleging that the Vice Chancellor of NEHUSU Prof. PS Shukla has violated the rules of the University Grants Commission (CRR) by illegally appointing Rohit Prasad as Technical Consultant at NEHU. Chairman of the JAC Prof Lakhon Kma has alleged that Prof. Shukla's recent statement in an interview with the media regarding the appointment of Rohit Prasad as Technical Consultant is a lie. Prof.Kma said the JAC will write to the President of India Droupadi Murmu and the Governor of Meghalaya. State Phagu Chauhan to lodge a complaint against the violation of the rules of procedure of NEHU which falls under the jurisdiction of the Central Government.
Conte, who is the Italian manager, has joined Spurs in
It is not useful to take those cows to the police station because it is not clear whether they too have been robbed of money??? It is better to eat than to give to the police.
East Jaintia Hills District Police have rushed to the coal mine to investigate, but due to heavy rainfall, they have had to stop and investigate. When they arrived at the coal mine, they found that there were no workers at all but only the place that had been abandoned and it was suspected that it might be the place where they wanted to start. to re-excavate coal in the area.
Senegal started to get inspired by a mistake by Poland's Thago Cionek.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma while answering a question by the MLA of Nongpoh constituency, Bah Mayralborn Syiem. question of the last day of the budget session i.e. on October 28, 2023.
You are a young man who has been around for 25 years.
After these programmes, he will spend the night at Raj Bhavan and the next day, the 28th, before leaving for Delhi, he will visit these tourist attractions in the state.
Rogers' song was a hit, and he sang with Dolly Parton in
A total of 32 teams have participated in this tournament.
By order of Governor of AssamSd/-J.P.MillsSecretaryTo the Governor of AssamMemo, to-822.
“Even the MHIS scheme cannot fill or help much in this regard,” he said.
The BJP party is pleased that the state government has to provide the funds that have not been allocated to spend immediately to repair the roads from time to time when there is damage whether it is minor or major.
She said that steps should be taken to conduct a new recruitment process by NEIGRIHMS itself, using the OMR method in order to speed up and smooth the process. The admission notice for the year 2023-2024 is only 14 out of 50 seats for Doctoral or MBBS studies at the Institute. seats.
“There are two issues in the government, one is how to implement the Meghalaya Mines & Minerals Policy, 2012 which is in line with other laws and the other is to request the NGT to lift the ban on mining. coal", said the Prime Minister.
Adelbert Nongrum, Working President of KHNAM, reminded that the existence of ARPA is because the ethnic parties have been able to prove their activities through the work they have done in the last few months.
The Jaintia Hima is the largest Hima in terms of villages and borders, it is well known in the northeast of India and in the north (Bangladesh). The British Government, until the time when the British Government took over the rule from King Rajendra Singh in 1835, were as follows; East:- The areas in Dkhar including parts of Nowgong District, Assam (Gobha) and East to the Kupli River
He said that the union has demanded that the government should set up a committee to look into the smuggling of food items.
More than 4 lakh Muslims in Assam have missed the call to join the BJP in the past three months. , will be one of the fastest growing in Assam and these are, out of the 2 lakh, who have joined the party since 2015 and this shows that they have 13 percent of the 47 lakh. Before 2015, Muslims did not join the BJP, but after that year, they have increased significantly. In 2011, the Muslim population in Assam was 34.22 per cent or 10,680,000 out of a total population of 3.12 crore.
The Flamingos won the match against Deni Linda Pumas.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Darimika Lywait, Zonal Supervisor of the project.
“If the government and MeECL do not listen to the demands of the Jugali, from Tuesday we will sit in front of the gate of MeECL indefinitely until it issues the appointment letter to all the remaining Jugalis,” he said. These 466 Jugalis have completed the examination and held a sit-in with placards in front of the Additional Secretariat to demand that the MeECL. The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has issued the appointment letters to 466 employees, after the state government delayed despite repeated demands and reminders.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lyngdoh said that although there are many difficulties due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the construction of the dorbar hall has been completed by 80-85%.
As a citizen of India and as a Khasi Khara of Hynniewtrep, and as a Social Activist, I have never known, met, or seen, or see only the syrngiew of this Rangbah, but I cannot help but express my feelings on this.
RKSF President Bah Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh demanded that the contractor should work properly and clean the road so that the RKSF will have to take other stronger measures. and the Executive Engineer (EE) of PWD department on this issue and the EE promised to take action and send the SDO to inspect the road.
This spiritual stirring inside me happened not only at that time but also in the years that followed and until now when I have been away from my country for a long time.
“If I had known earlier, it would have affected all the children at the school,” he said.
(2Cor 5:21) But on the Cross because He was our sin.
These reasons are just a few of the many challenges faced by farmers.
“The BJP wants to bring before the Chief Minister, all the MLAs and the Minister of Electricity that the increase in bill lights is an issue that affects the people and something should be done about it. They are forced to pay their bill light every month, said Bernard N Marak.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: The (L) Sabathani Lyngdoh Football Tournament organized by the KSU Nongpoh Circle has come to an end after the final match between Umden and Umden. Rongmesek in the square of Saiden.
Assam Rifles on the 2nd of this month raided the residence of an NSCN (IM) leader and seized some money from the house. , counterfeit money, an air gun and other possessions.
Therefore, to find a way to solve this problem, the Seng Samla of Upper New Nongstoin, after the authorization of the Dorbar Shnong, has voluntarily come out to arrange the traffic and parking rules. Furthermore, the youth of Upper New Nongstoiñ village in relation to the parents who come to school especially those who They also urged the parents to cooperate with these youths who have come out to drive every step to regulate the traffic. The youths have evacuated a parking lot which is also a stand porsohsat.
In the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy, Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 247 runs in Guwahati.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA) on Tuesday held a welcome program for the 3×3 Basketball Players of the State. The National Basketball Championship will be held in Chennai.
The 1st month is near according to the SIGNS OF THE TIME. “The end of all things is at hand.1 Peter 4:7
Besides, he said that looking back on the past season, it has been witnessed that what was promised has not been fulfilled.
Two of the deceased were from East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills districts.
Shillong: Sixty leaders of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP), including Dr Kara Shen, General Secretary of the party, Bah Shemborlang Rynjah Jt.
The union has also warned against any shops open on the day of the strike, and the decision will apply throughout the state.
Nongpoh: Ri Bhoi District, has ranked second in the state in terms of the increase in the number of cases of COVID-1
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister stressed the need to work together for the preservation of water sources.
The language is the budlum of any nation and there is a saying “im the language, im the nation” and the struggle, these days, is for the recognition of the Khasi language, in the fifth article of the Constitution, but there is a matter, which is at the forefront, and that is that while we are shutting up our brains, to go to Delhi, for the recognition of the Khasi language; but we have very few who have used their brains to develop our talents to write to the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, so that we may enjoy reading and loving our language.
Nongpoh, March 27: The Fit India Run 4.0 will be held on the 31st March 2023 at 7 pm starting at Saiden Indoor Stadium and ending at Saiden Indoor Stadium. even at the NSCA Indoor Stadium.
The KSU on 9th November 2023 has renovated its Dehradun Unit outside the state.
Under this programme, 40 schools have chosen to clean the streets, paths, seats and advertisements.
(v) Responsible work helps to overcome the burden of selflessness.
According to Forbes magazine, an astronaut will have to pay between $20 million and $35 million and will be able to travel for 12 days in space.
He was later handed over to the Jhalupara police.
Educating or teaching literacy is difficult and can also put you at risk.
The road from Amlarem to Pdengkarong village is only 8 kilometers long.
The KSU has urged the physical and spiritual donors of the Circle to take this as an information, and to be vigilant in relation to financial matters.
From the beginning of the year, the farmers are preparing to work in the fields to cultivate rice followed by rice, or in the hills to cultivate riewhadem, phan, biscuits and many kinds of vegetables.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Lamphrang Blah, Chairman KHADC, Bah Fantin Lakadong, EM KHADC, Isawanda Laloo, IAS, Director Sports and Youth Affairs.
There are crematoria that are easy to enter and leave and the Rongkusi dance is very popular in the area.
The highest number of deaths was reported in Lombardy, with 416 deaths on Sunday.
This is an age of violence, violence, violence, violence, violence, partiality and partiality.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Transport Department of the State Government has issued an order ban ban the sounding of car horns at 13 places around Shillong.
I don't have an 8 pass certicate. If you have a certificate, please help me. I passed only class 8. I don't have a job. If you have a job, please help me. I have passed class. 8.
Kovacic's signing will help strengthen the midfield after Ilkay Gundogan ended his career with the club after nine years to join Barcelona as a free agent.
We have only a short time to prepare, to introduce the candidates who have the hope of winning,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“After 23 days of working in this position, the CDPO has sent me a letter of dismissal,” said Lyngdoh.
Sohra 106 mmMeghalaya rainfall during last 24 hrs1
This was announced by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi at the G-20 Summit led by health officials from the 20 countries. .
Therefore, “Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
However, due to the outbreak of Covid-19, these medicines have been suspended at the Central Medical Store as there is no urgent demand and the medicines have expired due to the long outbreak of Covid-1
He encouraged the farmers to take part in the cultivation of Shiitake tit as this activity will be an additional activity as it requires less land to bury and requires only 15 days of work per planting season.
This is not the first time but such incidents have happened from time to time since the years they have been invading these areas. The camp has caused a lot of instability due to the attack on the passengers who have to pass through these areas which has caused a lot of trouble and suffering.
In the fire that broke out last night at the Cathedral of Notre Dame, it was reported that many valuable items in the 850-year-old cathedral were destroyed. but it is said that one of the precious things, or the crown of Jesus Christ, did not burn at all, not even a little, and escaped any damage from the flames .
We have collaborated with all the agencies of the State Government and the Central Government and if they are anywhere we will arrest them.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he would like to assure those who come and use the ISBT that there is no fear but peace.
“We have all the documents to show that we can stay as residents of Punjabi Lane,” he added.
He said there may be several proposals for the post of President and it will be up to the Nomination Committee to choose who is more suitable.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi, Kmie, Shillong has sent its best wishes to the Syiem and the Dorbar of the Hima Khyrim, who are in the midst of completing the 10th Annual Hima Khyrim Festival and the Nongkrem Festival.
“On the part of Dr. Vijay Kumar D., Commissioner & Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, he expressed the hope that festivals and tourism will become a tool for the development of the State, while at the same time promoting Such festivals are an opportunity to provide opportunities for the talented.
In the past years, the union has been involved in the protests called by the JHTOA to increase the fare from the cement factories to pay a new fare according to the JHTOA. Notification is available to the State Government.
Shillong, Naitung 28: A young girl identified as Wan-darihun Mawlong, 16, resident of Laimer Umlyngka, has gone missing from her home since the morning of the 24th of this month. it has not been found yet.
Khliehriat: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF-EJHDU) have expressed their dissatisfaction with the NOC of the JHADC for issuing a Coke. Unique Industry Coke Factory on 03rd October 2020 despite the strong opposition of the public to the construction of the Coke Plant at Wah Deiñling which falls within the boundary of four villages including Umsatai, Deinsatlang, Ladwahwapung and Pynurkba villages, when the people strongly opposed them because of their Waheh Shnongs, they gave approval without the knowledge of the Dorbar Chnong when they violated their certificate of office.
The meeting was welcomed by DD Syngai MCS Additional DC, in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla as the chief guest, PK Boro MCS I/c DC, MeECL officials, officers. government, teachers and students.
On the other hand, the Minister promised to take action to look into the matter and will seek clarification from the Forest and Law Departments especially on the non-sending of the Meghalaya Assembly Resolution to Delhi. The Minister was informed that the Forest Department has invited the members of the MLFOA to discuss the proposal to amend the Indian Forest Act 1927 on 16th July 2019 at 11 am. .
Many issues were discussed at the meeting regarding the allocation of funds for the Smart City of Meghalaya, besides the discussion on the 15th Finance Commission to release the remaining 10% funds and to allocate more funds. to build a market in Laitumkhrah and Polo.
Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan teachers have been on strike in Meghalaya for more than five months from June to July
What is more important is that in this age of knowledge, many people have changed the way of writing Khasi especially in this age even the letter P has been replaced by the English letter F Example: ha In Khasi, they should say Phi, Pha, Maphi, Mapha.
However, the term of the present government will be completed by a coalition government led by Shehbaz following the collapse of Imran Khan's government last year.
At present, the Government of India is improving and taking responsibility to recognize them.
The farmers who are in the office said that it is the lack of management of the staff of the office to distribute only from one place while the farmers are in the hundreds.
He said that according to the law, the PHE department is the protector and maintainer of water wells and has the authority to impose any penalties on those who damage water wells and streams.
Police have arrested the suspect and said she is involved in stealing money from accounts of people from Mizoram and Delhi as well.
“If there is a shortage, it should be filled up immediately and not reduced because it has been set up as a corpus fund,” he said.
“Every wise man, who can speak, If he doesn't open the door, how can he speak?” (Myllung, Soso Tham).
Dkhar criticized the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma for its reluctance and negligence and said, “Despite many requests, it is sad to see that the road The road from Nongstoin to Kyrshai has now been closed from Rambrai to Mawlong.
On the 31st of last month, a contractor from Assam together with a government official, came to dig land at the house of Bines Nongbah, at Umsynrih near Kamakhya Mandir, which is only half a kilometer away. from the Assam Police Station at Langpih, without informing the owner.
The striker has started a new journey at the club after leaving Man United in July.
Seiñjait Tuber Higher Secondary School Tuber Kmaishnong has won the title of Overall Champion after winning 8 gold, 4 silver and 4 bronze medals. The Under-16 Boys team was named the Best Team.
The group congratulates Demonmi Suchiang, Kyrchanlang Lyngdoh and Lukas Suchiang.
Sheikh Jassim has already held the fourth and final meeting for the club last month and it is understood that his proposal has been considered as one of the The club's owners were more impressed by the signing than the signing by British tycoon Jim Ratcliffe.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lukas said that this is not only the first time that some people in the village have committed violence but they have also disrupted the work implemented through the 100 days NREGS scheme. Shillong, Lber 11: The Pangam Raliang Border Development Committee (FDC) comprising four political parties (FKJGP, JYF, HNPF and JSU together with the Rangbah Shnongs and residents of the area) has raised the demand. The State Government has urged the State Government to continue the construction of the Kuriliya Bridge by providing protection to the workers from the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The most difficult thing for our nation is to have irresponsible leaders, who are selfish, who talk only about the past or who go back to the old ways.
“The whole village is in turmoil and many residents have sent their children to work and send them to school.
They should also be clean and bright.
Only two Sikkim batsmen managed to score 10 runs or more, while the other batsmen fell to the balls of Manish who scored every 11 balls.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The former Tibetan leader, the Dalai Lama, on Tuesday said that China should follow India, which accepts all ethnic groups and religions, but this is not a desire to escape. or spread from China.
In order to restore peace and order in Manipur, the Meitei leaders have also sent a petition to the President of India through the Governor of Mizoram.
These issues were discussed face to face with Bah Basaiawmoit and he said that the management has no other way otherwise they would not be able to run such a program because the cost of labor is high.
So, the question of going back and revisiting it or eliminating it or adjusting it here and there does not arise.
Shillong, Nailur 1: The President of the KSU, Bah Daniel Khyriem, on Tuesday said that the meeting of the KSU today decided not to allow alcohol consumption at NEHU and to install CCTV cameras at NEHU to prevent any incident. whatever happened on this day of God.
Upon hearing of the earthquake, the Prime Minister said, “The tall buildings should stop immediately”.
Jowai: Although the city government has strongly warned that it is not allowed to kill wildlife or any living creature inside the forests, but in this state it cannot be said that people are still killing wildlife. continue to kill wild animals from Dyngiem, Skei and even other wild animals.
RC PhawaJowai, July 1: The mining and transportation of coal from Jaintia Hills and Meghalaya is one of the largest sources of income which started decades ago.
Shillong: Former Meghalaya MLA Rophul S Marak today joined the Congress party in Baghmara, South Garo Hills.
The tournament, which will be attended by more than 350 rangia kura in 13 different categories, will be held at the SAI Indoor Stadium at NEHU from 25th November to 1st November.
Babu Shanpru also said that he hates Modi because he speaks Hindi and that the speech if translated by another person would be different.
Shillong, July 10: Regarding the curfew announced by the HNLC, the state government has warned its employees who are not working, and has promised that from tomorrow morning at 11 am, the curfew will start. to find out how many people came to work and how many people dropped out (Percentage).
The need to set up a committee was expressed to bring about reconciliation among the residents of the area, regardless of religion or ethnicity.
BJP Meghalaya President Rikman G Momin said the party has received five names of candidates from Shillong and seven from Tura constituency.
When the rice is slightly tall, the water should remain in the field.
People from all over the villages who used to eat this kind of insect at this time left their homes in the evening and as soon as it became dark, they saw that the forests started to swell. With the lights of dongmusa, torch lights, the market was filled with the shouting of the people who were eager to pass them, who returned to their homes in the morning before dawn after the filling. ktang that you carry.
In the second leg, Ri Bhoi Synod College, Umsning beat Khrawsing Christian College, Mawngap 3-0, Shillong College, Shillong beat Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehrait 3-0 and Khliehrait 3-0 Shillong Commerce College, Shillong beat BBS College 5-0
When we turn to the STATE GOVERNMENTS one after another they have been playing on this issue to protect us as CITIZENS from the JINGSHAH TYLLEP in others even though the SENG BHALANG speaks from time to time.
The Sengbhalang Group at the meeting also said that if the government does not take action on their demands to fulfill the demands of the people, the groups will hold a stronger protest in these areas. In the coming days, after they have already explained to all the residents of the C&RD Block Mawsynram.
He said that part of this is an attempt by the newly formed government to manage the financial services in the department.
The quarter final of the tournament will start on the 13th November, 2023 at 11:00 pm when the Lion will play against Iawmulong Nartiang.
The union will hold a meeting on the first day in Tura where the leaders will announce the measures to be taken. of this Council.
In 2008, the Government of Meghalaya formulated the Sports Policy and revised it in
However, there are very few people in these skills.
It is believed that the intensity of the fire was due to the presence of tar materials such as umphniang and others.
The program was attended by students and teachers from 12 schools in four C&RD Block including Umling, Umsning, Jirang and Bhoirymbong C&RD Block.
However, the Speaker of the House, Timothy D Shira, after 5:30 or 6 pm, left the room to tell the media that Danggo will not resign today and will come. four last month.
The crowd rushed to the public hearing ground and the police tried to stop them by using tear gas and sympathy lathi regardless of whether they were women. or children.
Police have seized 827 children's clothes worth T.4 lakh from Uttarpratpur in Sylhet.
After this, the French government officials visited the Mawphlang Dam which supplies water to the entire city of Shillong.
Tynsong said that those who send themselves to private hospitals for treatment of Covid-19; the government has paid their expenses through the MHIS card.
In Paul's letter to the Hebrews it is written – “But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established upon better promises.
Although some houses have been destroyed and roads have been damaged, there have been few injuries and no deaths, the report said.
The Chief Executive Members said that this project will be very important for Sohra and condemned the government's decision to deprive them of their rights without proper reasons.
[rms]
If those who violate are those who have corona, they are the killers in our state.
Jowai: U MDC D Lyngdoh today introduced a resolution urging the state government to take action to resolve the border issue between West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi-Anglong. , Assam which has been in existence for 49 years.
on the highway it behaves like a village road.
Minister Duh said that this victory is due to scientists.
The report said that Rynsan and the woman have a close relationship and both of them have children.
“The North East has not benefited despite India being the third largest economy after the United States and China, economy has not increased in the region,” he said.
Hard work and determination lead to success.
There are currently 170 hot spots declared by the Government of India in all seven major cities of the country.
She emphasized on cleanliness in food, drink, dress and home as cleanliness brings good health.
On the statement by the EM in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Neil Antonio War, that those who have received licenses are those who have received the approval from the villages, Bah Passah said that KHNAM does not accept this statement. EM Trade said that the District Council should not accept the approvals from the Rangbah Shnong but should ensure that they have received the approval of the Dorbar Shnong. It is up to the District Council to administer in accordance with the provisions of the Trading by Non Tribal Act
The Bible is the source of knowledge that science can find and what science finds is to prove what is written in the Bible, because all these things already exist. that God commanded them to be and it was – Thus, “Is there anything that the wicked say – Behold this is new? IT HAS HAPPENED IN THE AGE THAT HAS HAPPENED TO US!".
“When the doctors in charge of health were appointed to examine Bindas but the doctor came to examine her, the police said that the job of the police is the same. shisha and how does it work,” said Bah Kyrmen.
In a statement, Arunachal Pradesh Police Spokesperson Rajbir Singh said that the police have not received any new information regarding the incident. He said that the police department has taken special measures to arrest the two NSCN members.
This means that there is a 50% increase in the number of MLAs so we are sure but the decision of the people will be seen on the 13th”.
But on the morning of the second day she returned home and left again at around 6:30 am to go back to the forest to burn charcoal.
How many thousand crores are corrupt??.
It is clear that the people of Umroi constituency are more capable and respectful of a person who can give and help during elections than a person who stands up to advocate and speak for their problems and needs. public within the assembly.
The HYNF leader also expressed his surprise at the complaints by MeECL, because during the rainy season they complain that there is no electricity due to lack of rainfall and during the rainy season they complain that there is too much electricity. and on this issue is the people, who during the rainy season and rainy season do not get adequate electricity.
In Spike's personal opinion, since the past few years, dohiong singers have never been able to win the Album of the Year even though there are some very interesting albums that have been released.
He congratulated the Iawmusiang Village Authority for giving permission to hold this celebration, the leaders of Seiñraij Jowai, District Government officials and others who took part in this celebration.
The amount of money is terrible.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, on Tuesday strongly condemned the insurgents, who allegedly were from Assam and were involved in the forcible demolition of the Mawnongrim, which was erected by Meghalaya on the The implementation of the MNREGA scheme in Barapathar village, Umtyrnga district, Ri Bhoi district.
A few hours after the incident, Dispur police arrested Akhil Gogoi for spreading the news.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, DTO HF Khongsit said that the issuance of permits to vehicles to operate in the countryside was arranged at the RTA Board meeting where they were given the opportunity to choose the place where they will operate. He said that they were also allowed to go up to the city only to drop off passengers or only to take them to hospital.
JAC Publicity Secretary Jersom Shylla said that the government through the transport department has submitted the new fare and at this meeting they will take a decision whether to accept or not the new fare.
The DC's office has also advised the shopkeepers to avoid crowding by standing at a distance of 1 meter from each other.
Therefore, it is said, “If there is a famine in the land, if there is a pestilence, if there is a pestilence, a plague, a pestilence, or a pestilence, the enemies who have besieged the land, the gates, or anything else. whatsoever prayer and supplication shall be made by any man, or by thy people Israel, who knoweth the pain and the suffering, let him lay his hands upon THIS HOUSE. 1 Chronicles 6:28-29.
“We are trying from time to time and for that reason you can see now why the protests of other ethnic groups cannot allow the District Council. If there is no District Council, where will our nation go?
In fact, what man teaches or does in connection with religion outside of what the Bible teaches is a false and destructive doctrine (I Pet 1:22-23).
In addition, it was the paid billion of Sajar Nangli who settled throughout the Ri Bhoi area.
Speaking to media, Lakmen said that as in 2020, the MBOSE will no longer have examination selection for Class X students, so this year the students will not be able to hold examination selection. I'm going to take the class X exam.
Because this will be a great disaster because the future generations will not get a place even for a single foundation of the house.
However, the state electricity department has already introduced load shedding or the extension of the electricity distribution time in the state.
In the year 2022, during the tenure of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as Minister of Agriculture, the Department has issued an Office Order on the 9th of July to allow the farmers to continue to use fertilizers after a five-year aspiration.
These foreigners are from Bihar and Assam, but they don't have a work permit to work here in our state. “They are the ones who have left the place where they came from,” said Bah KS Suchiang.
The President of the Jaintia National Council, Bah Wanshwa Suting, urged the students to be respectful children and to respect their teachers, because teachers are the shapers of their humanity. children, as a leader of the Sengbhalang, expressed his concern over the government's treatment of teachers, in which in fact the teachers have dedicated their bodies and souls to provide education to the children for the sake of education. you are the power or the authority.
Nehimayah Tyngkan said that the incident happened yesterday while he was on his way to Sahsniang village to express his views but the village leaders did not allow him to hold a meeting. Sahsniang village councilor has said that he will continue to support him even if he cannot express his views. On this occasion, he said that many NPP leaders have come out to support him on this occasion.
Shillong, March 28: The KHADC's share of Value Added Tax (VAT) revenue for the years 2007-2008 and 2008-2009 has not reached the Council's budget due to lack of accounting. According to the report of the CAG, for the year ended 31st October 2008 submitted by CEM Bah Adelbert Nongrum today, the Council has shown that the Council has The Council has not accounted for VAT which has caused the Council to lose up to T.8.06 lakh from 155 contracts in the year 2007-2
On 24th November 2015, Ardent, who is still the Vice President of the HSPDP, resigned from the post of MDC to the Chairman of the KHADC, Manstudy Nongrem after the House passed the bill. The Prevention of Disqualification Bill, 2015 was passed in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, but the bill was rejected by the High Court after Pynshngain N Syiem opposed it. .
Your name will be hidden.
Those who think that it is a private job, have misunderstood because even the salary is still paid from the taxes paid by the people to the government.
St Anthony's College reached the final after beating St. Francis D' Assisi College 2-0 while BBS College beat Shillong College 2-0
Speaking to this reporter, the parents of this young man, although he has never been with them since childhood, but this absence of him has shocked them and they did not even think. he is also a child who is not sick.
We have the Williamnagar-Tura-Nongstoin-Shillong highway but we don't have adequate medical facilities to treat the injured and many of them have had to be taken to Shillong,” he said.
Shillong, July 14: A petrol bomb exploded at the residence of Rohit Kumar Saurav, 60, at Umsohsun, near the Mahari road at 9.30 pm this morning. .
Conrad Sangma, along with the NPP leader from Assam, has met Home Minister Amit Shah and Prime Minister Narendra Modi several times.
At places where there are no zebra crossings, you must stop and then turn aside.
“It is unacceptable that the electricity shortage should exceed 50 percent.
The President of the PDF once again demanded that the Transport Department of the State Government should immediately resolve this issue so that the youth will not be unemployed and starving but will be able to resume their work. earnings job.
“The factories which have issued NOCs are Topcem, Dalmia, Hill Cement, Amrit Cement, Star Cement, Goldstone and Green Valley,” said the CEM. “We are waiting for the decision of the MSPCB,” said Thombor Shiwat.
In the presence of Swapnil Tembe, DC, West Garo Hills and Rikse R Marak, CEO, Tura Development Board, MR distributed land titles to 100 households. and others.
On the Congress' allegation that the BJP has failed to do anything despite the fact that it has proclaimed many corruption cases against the NPP-led MDA government, Mawrie said, “Many of them “Although we have worked together in a coalition government, we have not run the government.
The TMC has made progress more than other parties.
The Khasi-Pnar (Jaiñtia) since ancient times have been a people of “KOMTI-NEI” who have Nongsiat Khla, who dared even to fight against the powers of Great Britain (England) which is known as the Jaintia-Anglo War.
Wikidaroilangki Lamare from Mynthong, Jowai said, “Today's topics are important, but the talk on communication skills is very important and gives advice to the youth in everyday life. .
"It's over, if that's the case, they say it's a sign of poverty..." explained Panah. As soon as Rida heard that word, she became very worried.
Australian pace bowler Josh Hazlewood has been included in the 15-man squad for the World Test Championship (Cricket Australia). WTC) Final against India which will start on the 7th of this month (July) at the Oval.
Therefore, the finalists will play against Nineset Secondary School, Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam on the 17th June, 2023 at 10 pm. and Rangjadong Sports Club against Pyndenkenshliah Lower and Upper Primary School for boys at 11:30 pm.
It is a time when the heat wave has hit the world, showing, through signs, that Pakistan has flooded, up to one third of the country, in the past few months and then, the hottest temperature in Europe in the last 500 years, then hurricanes and floods in the Philippines, Cuba and the US, in the state of Florida.
I would like to ask the VPP if they love the people, shouldn't you start from your constituency, if so I would like to know how many kilometers of road you have built in the 4 constituencies you have won. , how many hospitals you have built and what good deeds you have done for the people of your constituencies or for the nation,” said Prestone.
This work started in 1980, but it has been going on for a long time including the number of cases.
Researchers said B3 has been shown to modulate certain antimicrobial genes, strengthening the ability of immune cells to kill those bacteria.
Lajong opened the scoring in the 30th minute through Daniel Gonçalves who was assisted by captain Hardy Cliff Nongbri.
Because the number of MLAs is only 23, if another independent candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam joins, there will be only
Yes, I don't think so.
Shillong, Lber 07 : U Bah Process T Sawkmie, former MLA and Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Development Reform Commission (MLA), Meghalaya, on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to Dr Helen Giri for bringing honor to Meghalaya. The award was presented by the President of India Droupadi Murmu today.
In one of the messages released in recent days, Kevin said that he is really sorry that he decided to release San Shyieng with Christine and said that there are some things that happened between him and Christine. made both of them not want to live together anymore.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government has already made arrangements with NEEPCO in some areas and hopes that there will be no more light outages.
Through this inspection, it was found that the NHAI and MeECL officials, have visited the site where the old bridge was running and from the inspection, it was found that they will build the old bridge. that Bridge from the same spot, on which the former Iron Bridge was built.
On the same day, four students including three students who entered the First Twenty of MBOSE from KJP HSS, QC Springside and North Liberty HSS and Larisa Lamin who came in the top 10 of the HSSLC examination were also honoured. Speaking on the occasion, Wailadmiki Shylla encouraged the recipients of the award to ensure that they work harder to succeed in their education.
Regarding the arear of the employees, he said it would be provided after the council receives the money.
Nongrum sent his resignation letter to the President of the Umroi Block Congress Committee.
They said that an inquiry will be sent to find out the truth about the increase in examination fees, as it is unbelievable and all the students are against this.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 4 cases including 1 high risk contact, 2 ILI cases and 1 random testing case.
There are 808 recoveries and 18 deaths, of which 9 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in Ribhoi, South Garo Hills and 18 cases in West Khasi Hills. one and two cases in West Garo Hills.
Although they tried to talk to the Rangbah Shnong, they did not understand because there were too many people.
He said that BJP leader and Minister of State Bah AL Hek is one of the five candidates from Shillong.
He said that the party welcomes all the development projects, which come in the light, but the development projects should not develop only for the individual or only for the contractor, but for the people of the village. the whole region.
After conducting the program in Mairang, Nongstoin and Tyrsad, the school has decided to conduct the program again in Sohiong.
Shillong: Three schools from East Khasi Hills District have qualified for the State Level Subroto Cup Football Tournament
“It is the Harijans who will rule the Government, (whether) they are more powerful or the Government is more powerful,” said the President of the Seng, Bah Bless Dkhar.
It may also be the time when the sun (the Hok) has gone to hide in the cremation ground.
When asked whether the use of urea is bih or not, he said that it is not true that it is bih but the use of urea destroys the soil, in which the soil will lose its strength and it will no longer have its original fertilizer.
He said that the change will be based on the age of the Chairman of the Commission and according to the existing Act, the Chairman of the Commission will be for a term of five years.
They have been treated as mynder, they have been treated as foreigners, they have been treated as mynder in their own country where even the villages have treated the people who hold the traditional religion when they have been ruled by those who have converted.
Acts 4:1
Shillong, July 23: The State Government has decided not to accept schools and colleges or provincialize them in the state but will continue to support them as usual.
Aziz said such remarks raise doubts that India will have relations with Pakistan and said Pakistan will do its utmost to expose India's plan to divide East Pakistan. in the year
They also said that if the government does not show any signs on this demand, the Sengbhalang will go out and protest in front of the Secretariat to show that they really want to get the Civil Sub Division. in this dong you area.
The number of cases of covid-19 in Assam has risen to 40,000 with 1,862 new cases reported today.
“We have met in the Cabinet today, where we have discussed the food items and we have decided that the food items distributed by the PDS will continue as usual with the rice for the months of October and June. “It will continue to distribute and we have asked for more months in June and July,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong. Conrad K Sangma's birthday in Polo Hills, Shillong.
They are like the leaves of a dead tree and like the snow that falls from the rain.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ribel Pariat said that the stolen mobiles belonged to luxury companies including Samsung, Techno and others.
Bangladesh will have to hand over 2,398.05 acres of land in West Bengal, 240.58 acres to Meghalaya and 138.41 acres in Tripura to India. However, it will still receive 1957.59 acres from West Bengal, 41.702 acres from Meghalaya and 268.39 acres from Assam.
In the Men's Doubles Open, Buromlangki Lakiang and Deilang and O Nongpluh won the title by defeating Mebanker Shullai and Gregoreo Passah 21-8, 21-9
The union demands that the MeCL should immediately pay the outstanding bills of the contractors who are implementing the power lines and other works in the area.
“Even in my car, I didn't wear ice cream," he said.
Heibormi Sungoh, Headmaster of Khadar Nor Upper Primary School, Shangpung who was the resource person, gave a special speech on the life and contribution of Kiri Dhar, Daloi of Shangpung District in connection with the struggle against the British during the leadership of Kiang Nangbah.
“Even though we have two MLAs, our vote share has increased significantly and at some point, we will win more than two.
Police said that during the investigation, he revealed the names of his colleagues, Ahmad Din and Mohammad Sadeeq Khatana. They are the residents of Churunda.
How is it then that he saith, I came down from heaven? John 6:41-42.
Nongpoh: On the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, the residents of many border villages in Block-2 and those under the Raid Nongtung, today held a public meeting by carrying iong flags inside Jatalong village.
The Assam Rifles have been patrolling in many states of Manipur, where they have been patrolling for a long time.
The son got up to turn off the TV and turn off the light.
At a meeting held today at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, it was also announced that they will meet with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to urge for the drafting of a law. The KHADC has decided to allow the authorities to steal wealth through marriage with Khasi girls.
He said that while the state does not have adequate laws to curb the illegal entry of foreign authorities, the Government should not introduce the railway line.
For 51 years, the lack of a proper border has led to the destruction of households who have suffered from the violence of life on the border. it is still valid until now.
I take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the greats of the country like Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru, Sardar Vallabhai Patel and Subhas Chandra Bose who led the way to achieve the greatest democracy in the world.
The speakers on this occasion strongly condemned the Meghalaya government, which has not been able to provide protection to the people of the area, despite the intimidation, intimidation and violence from time to time.
Dr. HH Mohrmen is the son of (L) Hamkhein Pariat and L) Aineh Mohrmen.
Shillong, November 2: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has charged a man under Section 144 CrPC; All persons, private and commercial vehicles shall not be allowed to park within the toll gate at Umling.
What can be seen is that this time has really demanded things that are more or extra, that it is such that parents need to take care of their own family so that they can to build the future of our children in this society.
When inquired, one of the employees of the health department said that four of them have to work 24 hours a day.
In the third phase, those who were shortlisted provided descriptions to a panel of judges and the most suitable six were selected.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 11: The Shree Shree Mining Corporation Limited (SMI) has started implementation of a mining project at Mawlangria, near Mawïawtep village in Rambrai area. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has rejected the application for permission to mine in the area.
Regarding this statement, Rupang spoke to the Secretary Shnong, Bah KP Wahlang by phone. In a conversation with him, he said that the Dorbar Shnong will continue to hold meetings. , you don't allow anyone; whether foreign or local to enter the company without permission from the village.
Up to about 2000/- per day, some parents are willing to help financially to get drugs for their children.
In Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun alone, the number of cases of Covid-19 has risen to 52 and hundreds of High Risk Contacts besides those who have lost their lives.
Ialong SC beat Newhill SC 5-1 goals in the 8th Kiang Nangbah Memorial Inter Office Trophy. The match will be played tomorrow between Ialong SC and Newhill SC. The MSEF, Jaintia Hills Unit, was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Of course, we are happy and pleased when we know that there are laws but perhaps the dissatisfaction of many people with what they cannot accept is what we know now about those laws.
As the match reached the end of the first half, one of the players of Oste Phi Oiñ FC, had the right opportunity to score the first goal of the match.
However, the problem is that the rivers and streams have become easy places for the people to dispose of all the garbage from their homes, shops, factories and anywhere else. produce waste especially in urban areas.
More than 100 people have been injured in Tripura in post-poll violence, with at least 8 to 10 people injured in each district.
“I am not saying that the lack of ministers from this constituency is a mistake but there is a feeling from the people,” he said.
Members of the Seng Khasi Malki, who distributed kwai in Dhankheti to the leaders of the Seng Kut Snem, as part of the Khasi custom.
The incident happened on the 26th of July this year and the house belongs to Elbira Thongnibah, who has five children from Awro village nearby. Mariam village which also falls within the border of South West Khasi Hills District.
According to him, more than 35 people have been arrested so far in connection with the incident.
When asked how he will contest in West Shillong constituency, he said he is confident of winning the election.
As it was allowed in the past few months to open, but later closed again.
In another development, the army, in a statement, said that it had received information about the location of the plane, but at the time of writing, it has not been able to confirm. and saw the place where the plane crashed.
Star Cement, a supplier of heavy electricals to Meghalaya, has been appointed by the two Power Ministers to build a smart meter. .
He said that Meghalaya is a state where people are reluctant to accept Aadhar number and the number of people who have accepted Aadhar number is only 1% which is also the lowest in the country. Assam, on the other hand, said it receives only 3% of the total population and comes second out of all the states in the country.
Because a person with perfect limbs is not born in that state that is different from others.
It can be said that U A'chik does not need to come here to Bri U Hynniewtrep just as U Hynniewtrep does not need to come here to Bri U A'chik.
If you are too happy, go ahead and make your own song in addition to your own characters.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Friday decided to temporarily suspend the indefinite strike after the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.PS Shukla He asked for five days to consider the demands including the demand for the dismissal of the Technical Advisor/Senior Consultant.
The SP said that Bah Leo Dangdonborlang Sun, who saw Bah Banpyrkhat Lyngdoh Nonglait entering the grounds of Nahnah with evil intention, shocked him and chased him away until he reached the border. they shall be gathered together.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that anyone who wants to return to their home state should understand that once It will not be easy for them to return to their places of residence because all this will take time and this is a clear message from the State Government to them. people who do not want to return to the state.
The Chief Minister also inaugurated the Girls' Home at Tetengkol and laid the foundation stone for the construction of a Hostel for Tribal Youth through the Tribal Affairs Department.
Jammu and Kashmir can no longer have its own flag and all Indians living across the country can buy land as they please. which has been hindered from ancient times.
He said he would sit alone in front of the Main Secretariat to show his opposition to the government for delaying the enactment of the rules of the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act which has been passed since in the year
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 2 cases including one high risk contact and one case from outside.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 498 and the death toll has risen to
The roads are crowded with too many vehicles entering from all the villages with the thought of reaching their destination faster.
Rupang also spoke to Congress candidate from Shella, Bah Pynthymmaibor Chyne on the reports that Bah Rynga has admitted that Congress supporters are on his side. “If we criticize each other, the criticism will not end but it will continue. So I don't want to say anything about these. “I don't know, but I want to turn my mind to the people,” said Bah Pynthymmai.
In an affidavit, it was stated that the demand for electricity in the State has reached 200 mega units per day while the supply of electricity has reached 88 mega units per day.
“We appeal to the residents to be patient.
Treiborlang said that there was a similar incident in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh in 2017 where 16 people died after eating the wrong food. The Government of Andhra Pradesh has provided assistance of Rs 5 lakh to the families of the deceased.
These are the most important precautions to avoid tragic incidents such as fires, earthquakes, collapses of houses and other damage caused by natural forces or improper behavior of u son of man.
:The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a directive to ensure security on polling day, where voters are not allowed to carry mobile phones or other electronic devices. wireless communication, within 100 meters of polling stations, and inside polling stations.
“Strengthening policies so that the people do not face difficulties in doing business, using existing facilities such as Integrated Check Posts, improving border roads are the ways to bring about you're right," he said.
Then, by the roadside, there were two men lying next to each other.
Erwin said that the government's urgency to resolve the border issue without listening to the voice of the people is exactly because of the political gain of the government.
Shillong: Police in Khliehriat today seized 76,000 yaba tablets, known as World is Yours, weighing about 7.85 kilograms. The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) East Jaintia Hills, ANTF, East Khasi Hills and Khliehriat Police have taken part in the raid.
They are happy and content that they have received these things in their lives by their own righteousness and they do not stretch out their hands to exceed what they have received. and the byrsieh byrsang that it shall rise first in its steps and in its skum: neither shall they rest in the sword of corruption, nor in the sword of the sword, nor in the sword of the sword.
“The committee has been prepared and a decision will be taken by the Cabinet soon,” she said.
These robbers injured S.Chetri and TR Sangma who suffered serious injuries and died.
When contacted by the Head Project General Manager, SK Dey, the reporter said that there have been discussions to change the name of the project. project as most of the villages to be affected are from Thieddieng area as demanded by the people.
He said the friendly tournament will start on the 6th of November in Nongstoiñ, Mawkyrwat Zone on the 23rd, Umroi on the 17th and 26th November in Mairang. The zone will be held at Pyndemumïong, then at Sohra and finally at Shillong at Madan Heh, Mawlai on the 22nd of March.
New Delhi, March 24: The upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections 2014 will be a contest between the Congress and the RSS, not the BJP, said Union Minister Jairam Ramesh. Ramesh also slammed the BJP and its Prime Minister candidate Narendra Modi, saying that the opposition has targeted only Modi while The Congress party has appealed to the people to support the party and its working methods.
Vivek Kumar, circle officer of Roorkee said, “The incident is under investigation and all those involved will be arrested.
Other problems faced by the farmers are the increase in the price of fertilizers in the market, which has caused them problems and this was expressed by Bah Khraw Mawlong President of the HFU of Ri Bhoi District. Umsning Farmers' Day in Ri Bhoi District.
The District Council when it drafted the Rangbah Shnong Act may have foreseen that there would be an opportunity to file false cases against the Rangbah Shnongs as is happening now in Bakur. Rangbah Shnong to be Rangbah Shnong even if they have a case.
However, he was called hak-dak and there was an old man who, because of his illness, had to arrive late and almost lost his honor to one of the guests.
The meeting was attended by BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Ernest Mawrie, youth and office bearers of the Mawprem Dorbar Shnong.
Others who attended the function included Rangbah Shnong K.Rymbai, Nominated MDC O.Lamin, Jowai North MDC Brightstar Chyrmang and Jowai South MDC Saron Pasweth and Ailad Bhoi MDC, PHC staff, ASHAs and others.
Job 2:6.
“O I Niakha, you came here...?” said Rida and the flesh struck her.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the drivers of commercial vehicles said that the commercial vehicles carrying passengers from Shillong will stop at Jorabat and then they will be replaced by commercial vehicles from Assam in collaboration with the This does not include the income of vehicles from Assam to Meghalaya.
Mawthoh said that in the last MDC election, he had the opportunity to visit 16, 17 constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia Hills and his aim is to help the candidates. MDC and also, to prepare themselves for the 2019 MP elections.
We want the people to understand that now is the time for many to be in trouble, many to be angry about such incidents but there is a police force to ensure the law and order. ," she said.
Leaders of NGOs, Village Leaders and members of various managing committees were present on the occasion to receive the work order from the MLA. The SRWP scheme of Rs 1 crore has been released for the construction of grounds, schools and dorbar halls, for various sports clubs, footbridges and footpaths under the 32-Nongstoin. The RCC road for Nongstoin College and St. Francis College has also been included under the scheme.
Bah Dorphang has been wanted by the police on charges of rape of a child and the court has also issued an order not to grant him bail but to arrest him.
Shahid Kapoor will have the opportunity to star with Kareena Kapoor in the coming days.
Not only that, various offices of the state are operating in all the areas affected by the two cases.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati Constituency, today distributed tins of sopiing to 95 poor families from Umlaper and Umsiang villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border. Dasakhiatbha Lamare, said that as a leader, he has a great desire to bring about development in the villages in the constituency, but the main goal he wants to achieve is, It is for the purpose of improving the road from Umsning to Umsiang.
(Read Official Notification)Faculty – Post Graduation in domain relevant to the position OR MBA in relevant area.
Khliehiongriang have scored three points against Luti Tuber SW for the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy organized by the WJDSA, Jowai.
Furthermore, a smart street has been installed, an Intelligent Traffic Management System (ITMS) and smart signage.
“It is unfortunate that the government has not erected a statue of Syiem Tirot Singh.
The Taxi Association leader said that if the government does not do anything before the Puja regarding the fare, the union will take other measures.
On the other hand, Bah Farmingstar Snaitang, Secretary Shnong Pyndensohsham, said that the office together with the contractors have not taken care of the PMGSY road. but even when they were informed, they did not believe.
“However, the government has not accepted their demand,” he said.
In Wales the Protestant movement was called the "spiritual revival" and in the book The Confession of the Faith of the Welsh Presbyterians (1927) it is said that in 1729 a great spiritual revival began in England. .
In a statement, the General Secretary of the union, Bryan Maxer Dkhar, said that it will remove the posters if the cinema owners do not comply.
Thus, the bam sap will disappear, the Bai Sha will disappear, the lehshiliang will disappear.
Once the legislators have been elected, it is they who will decide who will be elected as the Prime Minister,” said Bah Pala.
There were also women who brought their own food items such as ashar, um ngap, umsoh and others.
The Court has issued an order on 30th July to cancel the examination and call a new one.
Police said that they have registered a case and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
On the other hand, the President of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU), Ajoymeson Lyngdoh, expressed his concern while speaking on the issue of corruption in the PWD department. The funds have been released but no signs of implementation have been seen in this area and the union has requested an inquiry into this so that the work can go smoothly.
He said that there is an issue that the Municipal will also have a part in the proposal to amend the Act and he wants to clarify which municipal should be included, because Here are the Town Committee Acts, and if the Town Committee is involved, it is enough.
Before the meeting, the members of the party held a march from the party office from Jaiaw to Mawkhar with slogans and bombs.
The team has been eliminated from the tournament in the 2018-19 season for not losing the points table.
The factory which was completely damaged was Shiny Timber, L.Nongrum RNB, NETL Ply and Lodry L. Lyngkhoi, who have been destroyed.
“We want a clear answer why such investigations have been ordered in many churches in Assam.
Also present on the occasion were Isawanda Laloo, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, MSOA Working President John F Kharshiing, MSOA General Secretary Finely Pariat, coaches and managers. children who will represent the state at the North East Games, along with others who have been invited.
Therefore, he said that Biden's visit to the country is a great benefit for strengthening and consolidating relations and to bring peace and cooperation between the two countries. country in the future.
The misinterpretation of the Bible has been an act of violence against the Christian minority,” said the statement.
On the first day of the tournament, Pdeinskur won against Lum-mukoi and Pdeinskur won by 10 points. The tie breaker was 5-3
Regarding the land in Hynniewmer, he said that talks with the Forest and Environment owner are ongoing.
St. Peter's Higher Secondary School and Dapboklang Giri in the U-14 men's category have qualified for the semi final of the U-14 men's tournament. lymphoma.
Sangma said there has been landslide, road collapse, tree collapse and he has directed the Deputy Commissioners to monitor and provide immediate assistance to those in need. get help.
The District Legal Services Authority, Jowai, in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer, Jowai, will hold a Cycle Rally on the 13th of this month as part of the celebration of the 2013 New Year. 75th Independence Day celebrations known as Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav and Legal Services Week.
There was also the renewal of the CEC office bearers, various cultural programmes, the presentation of the working reports of the General Secretary Bah Willey Wahlang, the financial report, the report of the Ministry of Education, and other reports. and other programs.
At the same time, he said that the gate at Byrnihat is not proper and the union has found that the police only check the documents and release the vehicles. you don't have a mind.
Speeches were also delivered by G.Riang Pyrbot, one of the 70 years old, K.Firstborn Laloo, one of the writers and singers and Dr. Sakani Donhi Kyndiah. you read.
She demanded that the electoral roll should be prepared first and then the election should be held and if they do not listen they will oppose the election.
“We have not received any information from the Election Commission of Delhi,” Tiwari said.
“At present, the central government has implemented many schemes for Ri Bhoi, in the past year alone, Ri Bhoi has received up to T.12 crore schemes from the Niti Ayog and NEC, Besides, the central government has allocated another T.8 crore for the development of education, health in Ri Bhoi and others,” said Prof. SP Singh Baghel.
Shillong, July 7 : Hundreds of supporters of Bah PT Sawkmie MLA Mawlai Constituency today joined the United Democratic Party (UDP).
He said that the police will be vigilant in these days.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has announced that it will nominate a joint candidate from the party in the 60-member Assembly. The UDP, one of the biggest allies in the NPP-led government, has already proposed the name of Dr Jemino Mawthoh as the joint candidate.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, has promised to Ms Warjri, that he will look into the water as soon as possible.
“We will not sit idly by if Assam continues to act in this way,” said the leaders of the two parties.
However, this year this dream will not be fulfilled.
The Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MSDMA) of the State Government will conduct a State Level Mock Exercise on the 12th of this month in all districts of Meghalaya.
He said that he has written to the Syiem of Mylliem, the District Council to elect a Syiem Khynnah because in this Raij the Syiem Khynnah is very important but till now no reply has been received.
Hek said it is not that the party is delayed in announcing its candidates, but as it is the BJP has not yet announced its MP candidates in any state.
A few months ago, there was a role in which Cruise flew himself from an altitude of 40,000 feet and in his role, there were helicopters, which he sat on and he throw himself into the air and then into the vehicles that have been prepared, so that he will not be injured when he falls to the ground.
KSU, FKJGP, CSWO and KWAADA have urged Kong Ampareen and her officers to explain the government's plan to take land in Mawpdang.
One of the main reasons for this is the way we think about others and think that we are better than others.
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum (KHNAM) today brought up the issue of recruitment at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, which was announced on 1st November The announcement also directs those who wish to apply for the post to submit a certificate showing that they have been injected with the virus.
For the students of Higher Secondary Schools, Class XI and Class XII, it has been agreed that the holding of schools will continue smoothly. For the students of Upper Primary Schools from Class VI to Class VIII, the teachers have agreed. it was agreed to conduct the schooling as arranged by the government.
The saying, “If you live in the field, you die in the market.
The government can do whatever it wants as happened in Jammu and Kashmir.
Meanwhile, in the Vinoo Mankad Trophy, the match between Meghalaya and Rajasthan in Group C was postponed due to rain.
He said that the disease, after entering the body of humans, spreads to these animals and after that, it enters again to humans, through these animals.
The meeting was conducted by Rev. TJ Thabah, Chairman of the Managing Committee.
Juliet Shangrit, Teacher of Rev. S. Wollington Children's Home welcomed the guests.
He said that the State Government has received funds to allocate funds to various districts to be used in case of natural disasters whether it is due to floods, landslides and damage to houses and other property. , and when there is injury and loss of life.
He said the government should develop new tactics to fight against the insurgents.
The march will start at 11.30 pm and end at Madan Student.
Other festivals to be held include Me.
Tayeng also denied the seizure of T.9 crore from several buses in Arunachal Pradesh.
The teachers stressed the need for 10 hours of uninterrupted Kangaroo Mother Care (KMC) or personal contact between the mother and the newborn.
French police on Tuesday said two people were shot dead in a drug trafficking incident in the northern French town of Evreux.
Nongpoh: A Tympew truck (AS-11-AC-4360) heading from Guwahati to Silchar has overturned on the NH-6 in Nongpoh.
The volunteers of the village will check and if found violating the COVID rules, the shop will be closed immediately.
Nongpoh: The AICC in-charge of Meghalaya, Manish Chatrath on Tuesday said that there is no talk to replace the MPCC President. Meghalaya is to discuss the strengthening of the Congress party and there has been no discussion on the replacement of the MPPC president,” he said.
Jowai, Lber 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the temporary appointment of a foreign officer who has retired from the post of Comptroller Account General. I knew my name was PK Deb.
The NDRF divers have not been able to dive into the mine to search for these coal miners as the water depth in the mine is still more than 70 feet.
At the same time, he added, “Reservation doesn't last forever, inheritance and it is a challenge, although we take the opportunity to use the scholarship but we must have the spirit to fight. to show to the world and to the country that as a nation although we are small but we have the intellectuals to fight with other large nations”.
The injured youth was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh and due to serious condition he was taken to Shillong for further treatment.
“No,” said Kong Lumspah, “I'll stay here first.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The four-day meeting between the Chiefs of the Indian and Bangladesh Border Security Forces (IDF) started today in Sylhet, Bangladesh and will end on the 18th of this month.
Prestone said that since 2018 under the MDA government, tens of thousands of complaints have been raised against the Government but there have also been many complaints that the Government has appointed a team to investigate. as a judgment of accusation.
The top two teams from these two groups will qualify for the semi final which is scheduled to be held on the 14th of November. finals will be announced later.
The Lyiur refers to the difficult times, the times when the rain and the snow come to fall, the times of trouble and so on.
Besides, Khyndai Lad Market is a crowded market but now it is even more crowded because when you turn to the right and left you can see only the market vendors who have crowded the streets. synkein walking of the people.
Sujit Kumar Gupta, son of Ram Bahadur Shah, has demanded that the state government should have mercy on him and release some of the money for his father's old age.
Speaking to reporters, Mukul said what is needed now is to explain to the taxpayers as traders about the Goods and Service Tax (GST).
On the other hand, the Minister said that Meghalaya will be one of the best performing states and will be one of the states that will be able to achieve the target by The state has set a target to complete the project by 2022 but the challenges faced by the state have not been met.
This will happen as it happened in the past years.
UPPL Chief Executive Member Pramod Boro said that Basamutary was removed as Chairman of Bhairaguri VCDC in Udalguri District in June. his membership within the party in July.
According to Bah Hamlet, the existing accommodation where the office has been set up is adequate as it has adequate storage, kitchens, accommodation and other necessities.
Who is the Power Minister, who is the head of the Power Department? Why don't they show the work they do.
The incident occurred after the truck drivers complained about the delay in loading the coal and allegedly carrying more than 9 tonnes.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Hindi film 'Har Pal' starring Shiney Ahuja and Preity Zinta has been released in Shillong. he is afraid of certain things.
When Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh were divided between 2000 and 2014, Jammu & Kashmir was downgraded from a state to a Union Territory and Ladakh was upgraded to a Union. Territory in 2019, will it be difficult for the Government of India to further divide the States? We understand that if the Government of India has the will, it can implement any demands of the States.
A copy of the FIR has been sent to the Cyber ​​Crime Branch Office, Secretariat Hills Shillong and to the Chief Election Officer, Commissioner and Secretary of the Election Department.
The scheme is one of the schemes implemented by the state government of West Bengal known as the Lakshmir Bandhar Schemes, which has benefited more than 1.8 crore people. longkmie in this state.
Police have already arrested five persons suspected of involvement in the kidnapping and murder of a child from Nagrabil. After killing the child, they went to hide in a stone quarry in the area.
We will see what we can do to provide for everyone," said Ampareen.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banjop said that the land and village of Madan Umwang is in Meghalaya under the Syiem Raid Nongtung.
As the SDRF is an interest reserve fund, the ability to pay the entire amount depends on the state government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The 175th Anniversary of the Presbyterian Church in Nongsawlia, Sohra on the 20th of this month has been announced that vehicles entering the church will not be allowed to leave the church. stand until the end of the second prayer.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that such incidents are not happening only now, but according to the Director of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, DHS (MI) and from doctors that such incidents sometimes occur.
Nongstoin Police Station, after receiving the complaint, immediately rushed to the village in Marngor area to arrest the suspect. and the thief fled.
He was admitted to the hospital on 15.11.2022 and died on
The reason is that there are parents who don't know how to appreciate education, there are also those who face difficulties in sending their children to school, because of poverty and boys who are 14 years old and above. They have to work to support their families because of poverty.
The country and the nation have lost their lawyers and speakers in the special session of the country and the nation.
He said that the FKJGP urges the PWD department and the contractors to take immediate action to complete the cleaning for the benefit of the people.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 22: The residents of the border areas with Assam, have faced serious problems in transportation, illness and walking due to the lack of transportation. good roads to their villages.
The stories of all the people from poor to rich foolish to wise, rural to urban, the most important are as follows:-1
In 1970, we had more than 300 volunteers for the Hills State, starting from Mawlai to the District Council.
Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things? John 3:1–10.
Dihacianlang T Nongpluh, 28, has died in a road accident at Thadlaskein on Tuesday.
These cash prizes were awarded by the MLA for the second time and Bah Embhahlang for the runner-up.
He expressed satisfaction that the strength of the youth is leading the country.
New Delhi, March 3: The Union Government has approved the new state of Telangana, which will separate from Andhra Pradesh and Hyderabad will be the capital of the two states for 10 years.
New Delhi, March 4: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today fixed the date for the State Assembly elections in four states to be held between 11th November and 4th November. elections, the last, before the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
The CMYC, which has been developed by the Sauramandala Foundation and Project DEFY, will be located in different parts of the State.
Shillong, June 17: The Meghalaya Police Department has urged the public to be vigilant against the emergence of robbers who claim to be Head Officers to make money.
The introduction of this Act has prompted not only the Sengbhalang to come forward to demand the Inner Line Permit, but this time the demand for ILP is the people's. The Legislative Assembly of the State Government has passed a resolution to put before the Government of India the ILP. The ILP should be implemented immediately in Meghalaya like Manipur, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland.
"“All this is because they (other political parties) cannot convince the people (voters) they convince the leaders.
It is not conducive for a leader to uncover false facts through the media.
At the same time, Conrad requested the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to approve the establishment of a temporary Presidential Retreat or Guest House in the North East. in Shillong.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Padu, Ma Neta Pohthmi who gave a speech and urged the youth to come forward to take advantage of the opportunity that the government has brought to the villages and areas of Amlarem in relation to various types of training.
But the Egyptians rejoiced when the children of Israel went out from Egypt, for the terror was upon them" Psalm 105:3
Besides the documents of the foreign workers inside the factory, the union also demanded that the factory should pay all the bills of the suppliers which is about Rs 1 crore and a half with the union. It has also given the factory 10 days to pay all the outstanding bills of the suppliers.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 104 cases including 1 case from Armed Forces, 1 case from Bishnapur Cluster, 3 cases from Golflink Cluster, 29 cases from High Risk, 1 case from IGP Cluster, 6 cases from Jaiaw Cluster, 4 cases from Laban Cluster. 3 cases from Madanryting cluster, 1 case from Mawkhar cluster, 14 cases from Mawlai Nonglum cluster, 1 case from Nongmynsong cluster, 3 cases from Oakland Road cluster, 1 case from Khyndailad cluster, 1 case from Polo cluster, 24 cases from Pynthorumkhrah cluster, 9 cases from Rilbong cluster and 2 members of Rynjah cluster.
Members of MBS&G under the leadership of Ohiwot Laloo, District Secretary and Elvis Dkhar, District Organizer Scouts on the 25th of this month distributed masks and raised awareness among the students. Market residents of Iawmusiang, Jowai on the precautionary measures against Covid-1
He said that this education in this age is a tool for the youth not to be stingy but to take responsibility to succeed in their studies and in their spare time they can also look after others. books that can enhance the thinking of the world as well as knowledge.
On the relocation of Marten from Mawlai Mawïong, the SSMP leaders said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has informed that this will be successful and the work is ongoing.
Delhi although they played without showing any weakness but due to the strength of the Lajong defenders they lost their chance to score and managed to score only one goal through G. Rawat (60).
Even those whose names appear in the CEC of the MLA have no knowledge, we can verify all this,” said Bah Pyndap.
Shillong: The FKJGP has expressed its strong opposition to the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 introduced by the Central Government to grant citizenship to minorities from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan. The Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) believes that the bill, which is currently under consideration by the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC), is a threat to the region. Tens of thousands of minorities from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan will get citizenship.
The Chief Minister said the government has funds not only from the NCLPR, but also from the state government scheme to allocate to schools to build houses and other necessities.
According to a source, the arrested drug dealer was identified as Protarsius Marwein. The Nongstoin Anti-Narcotic Cell has arrested 10 suspects. On receiving a tip, they conducted a raid on the residence of the drug trafficker in Siejlieh Mawiaban.
“It was on 22nd June that we decided to set up a Coordination Committee (CC) in which the Chief Executive Members along with the ruling and opposition MDCs will be members. Any Hima who has any problems can come to the CC but so far nothing has come out,” said Bah Jambor. There is no difference of opinion between the opposition and the ruling party and there has been a statement from the EC members against the decision of the CC. The Nongstoin MDC has strongly criticized the government for its lack of attention to the councils, Hima, Raid, Villages and also to the people in which there has been no consultation with them. Bah Gabriel also questioned the government's failure to resolve the border issue in Langpih area where there have been violence and loss of life. The government has taken immediate action against these places where this has never happened.
And I urge all the groups to use this money wisely so that you can be re-elected in the next payment.
“I am pleased that the Hima Mawphlang has welcomed this International Mei Ramew Festival,” said Dr. CO Rangad, Member of ITM Expediter Director NESFAS. day.
Pastor P.Dkhar, Secretary of the Bible Society of India, Shillong Auxiliary in his speech expressed his gratitude to the Lord from above who has raised, cared for and guided the Bible Society. the work of serving God through the spread of the Word of God everywhere.
“However, what is surprising is that we have received a letter from the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association, which expressed its opposition and this letter was signed by Shani Thabah and Biolin Pyrtuh, who expressed their opposition. The District Council has violated the Court Order”.
Therefore, in order for the College of Teachers' Education, Tura, to move forward according to the new Education Policy, these BA and B.Com courses will start,” he said.
Therefore, exercise during poverty is very important.
Speaking to reporters, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said, “We would like to send this statement to the state government, as we know that HITO stands firm in its commitment to The government has sent a letter to our office yesterday and we have rejected this invitation. ".
Furthermore, the High Court said that according to the order dated October 22, 2023, it appears that the accused was also in possession of 1,25,000 MT of coal. , in the same affidavit, the defendant will have to produce the documents on the 1,25,000 MT coal. provide writings and documents.
The JHDS has started this charity work since the 10th of this month and has completed it today.
On the opposition side, Charles Pyngrope from TMC, George B Lyngdoh from Umroi, Zenith Sangma, Dikanchi Shira, Miani D. Shira and others have filed their nomination papers.
Shillong: U Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), on Tuesday urged the Central Government to take action to stop the illegal mining and smuggling of coal in the state. in the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Mawlai Nongkwar Youth Association (MYA) has strongly criticized the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar, Bah Rapbor Roi Thangkhiew for allowing Mayasheel Retail Ltd, Bazar India to open a shop in Mawlai Nongkwar without the knowledge of the Dorbar. Village with the approval of the Executive Committee of the Village.
In 2012, an incident happened in Langja Khyllem sangrin, which I will never forget until the day of my death.
He then took over as captain after the departure of Gerrard, who joined the Los Angeles Galaxy in
Those who go to Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali and Jaiaw will be allowed to go to Lumjingshai through the hospital area.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 23: As part of the cleanliness drive, the ASHAs of Umden area today conducted a cleaning drive. The surroundings of Umden PHC which is one of the health centers in the area and also the main roads to the taxi rank of Umden village as an example to teach the public to be clean and avoid I'm going to bread pathar.
The basketball team of the state will leave for the All India Inter University (W) Championship 2022-2
Both of them have completed their scrutiny today.
The unpleasant news is that up to 15 teams have been disqualified or expelled from the tournament after the authorities found that they included older players.
According to a resident of Balat, Bah R Nongsiej, through the phone, they have not received the ration for two months.
Only in these areas it will be very difficult and until the implementation, know when to start and when to finish.
Therefore, Bah Kmel Nongbri, Chairman of the VEC, has been ordered to implement the work according to the plan and estimates.
On the other hand, the fire brigade has worked hard to extinguish the blaze.
The suspension was imposed on the Farm Bill, which was introduced by the BJP government in Nongpoh. :The Ri Bhoi Welfare Organization (RBWO) has held a special program at Umsaw Nongkharai village to honor the ASHAs, Aganwadis and Health Helpers. They demanded that the government should pay special attention to these volunteers in the field of health.
“For that reason, I will not ask for a ticket from the UDP or any other party,” said Dr Nonglait.
“I and my family members have been threatened with death on social media.
“Son", she began, “My heart is heavy and many thoughts come when you start to fall asleep.
There are 54 cases in East Khasi Hills, 16 in West Garo Hills, 21 in West Jaintia Hills, 9 in West Khasi Hills, 22 in Ri Bhoi, 17 in North Garo Hills, 12 in South West Garo Hills, Hills 4, East Garo Hills 4, East Jaintia Hills 6 and South Garo Hills
Those who go to sleep with him will be accused of robbery.
These markets are allowed to open from 9 am to 3 pm.
Besides, in order to meet the needs of the police force according to the present era, he said the government has decided to purchase new patrol vehicles for various police stations and outposts. diverse.
Regarding this, many people have condemned the attack on the driver of the commercial vehicle, many of whom said that this is the beginning of the use of force by foreigners against the Trai Ri. Tri Country.
Regarding the preparation for the quarter final and semi final, the LSC conducted a manual simulation in the presence of the President and Chairman of the Tournament Committee, Bah SL Marngar. Secretary LSC, members of the LSC in the presence of journalists.
With the assistance of members of the Meghalaya Fresh Vegetable and Ginger Suppliers Association (KHASI), a team of Special Cell Police on the 6th of this month conducted a search operation and arrested two suspects. A truck driver from Lad Smit was arrested after he took a truck driver from Lad Smit and forced him to call the owner to pay the money.
According to sources, the people have been trying to search for him for six days, but have not found him.
In the case of ration, the village has received ration but many households have not yet received ration cards.
Dr. RR Kharkongor, Principal of the College, said that from next semester, the College will accept only Digital Payments for BA and BCom students.
Arrangements for parking: Regarding the parking space, he said, the church has prepared parking spaces near the church ground and those who wish to park near the ground should come inside. you at 10.00 am.
Welcome speech was delivered by Bah Kenedy Ryndong and conducted by Vicky Jana.
The Word of God has already foretold these things concerning Israel, after they were scattered from 70 AD around the world, God has gathered them back from 1948 AD until today.
Nongstoin, July 25: Three villages in the northern area of ​​Marshiang, Umïong and Mawdong are located on the outskirts of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. reached Mawdo, Syria and Nongthymmai.
Furthermore, the union said until there are strong laws to protect privacy, the discussion on the coming of the railway will stop.
“Sometimes women don't have to work because it's up to the man to take it,” said Santa.
Shillong, July 29: Lakhs of bullets, drips and unknown drugs were seized by the State Health Department on Friday. bread only Martin, Louisiana.
Buttermilk is rich in vitamins A, E, B6, and B12, which can improve skin elasticity.
Shillong, Naitung 5 : The GSU Central Body has launched an indefinite strike at NEHU Tura Campus from 4th November 2022 against the Vice Chancellor of NEHU for not implementing its demands.
These scripts are also known as the Kanglei scripts and Kok Sam Lai scripts, which were first used in the sixth century (6AD).
He said the meeting was for the purpose of discussing the views of the employees in order to strengthen the work of the party.
The opposition to the proposal to set up the dewbilat factory is also on the grounds of the impact on the environment as well as on plants, wildlife and especially on human beings.
Police today arrested two Bangladeshis identified as Suhaq Mia, 35, and Sanal Mohd Chanmia from Kusta Samolta PS, Mimensing district.
We have lived together for 50 years in one state, why should we still want to divide this small state?
According to the complaint, the women alleged that the men who were present at the scene and the Rangbah Shnong told the men who came with them that they were with the three women. , for if they had come with other women, nothing like this would have happened.
In the Under 30 category, Emphius Nongrum won in the 21 Km while Bandasharai Marwei came first in the Women's category.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these goods, they can lodge a complaint with the undersigned by writing their name and village so that they can be punished. they.
“Khun how did you eat the meat?
May the soul of Bah HS Shylla rest in peace.
The purpose of this meeting was to bring together all the Lyngkhoi Kur in the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum and to bring about unity and understanding among the Kur Lyngkhoi.
He is also a Member of the Finance Committee of Tezpur University, Assam and a Member of Finance of Damodar Valley Corporation, Kolkata from June 2013 to April
“I urge the government to take action after the Rangbah Shnongs have been sloit in the High Court which has caused a lot of trouble to the Rangbah Shnongs,” said Bah Sawkmie.
This initiative aims to address irregularities in the rural-urban areas regarding healthcare services, which has led to a shortage of nurses in some areas and affected healthcare services in areas that are still underserved.
:The 1st Rowell Lyngdoh Memorial Volleyball Tournament 2022 was held at Riwar Zone in Tynnai Village. Cajee, TMC candidate for MLA election 2023 from Mawkyrwat constituency, was the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Volleyball Tournament at Shnong Tynnai.
Andrej Kramaric scored for Croatia in the 36th and 70th minutes, Marco Livaja in the 44th and Lovro Majer in the 44th minute. Alphonso Davies scored the first goal in the 2nd minute.
“He (Biswa) has informed me that such speeches should not be made but the important thing is that there will always be individuals and people from different levels who will speak. “It is up to the leaders at the level of Prime Ministers, these statements (Prime Ministers) should be seen as the foundation of any Government,” he said.
During the inspection, if any post lights are found to be damaged, they should be replaced at the right time and also should be cleaned thoroughly and cut down trees that are dangerous to the electricity supply and should not be cut down. wait until the rain and the wind can cover them.
For example, Renoobala Marak, a woman from South Garo Hills, Meghalaya, has to walk a long distance and climb slowly to fetch water.
Therefore, the MTDF urges the civil society to allow the law to take the necessary action before proceeding with any protests as this has seriously affected the livelihood of the residents especially in the rural areas. from this work.
Mission Smile Manager Dipul Malakar, DEIC Manager East Khasi Hills Wanraplang Kharpran, DEICAsst Jaintia Hills Manager Daphihi Passah and State RBSK Consultant NHM, Meghalaya Bah Johnson Nongbet.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSUSCEC) Pynursla on Tuesday visited the construction sites of the 2 Lane NH road to check the documents of foreign workers. 40 Shillong Dawki Company ARSS and SS Infrazone.
President Raisi was returning from a ceremony to inaugurate a dam on the Iranian-Azerbaijani border when a helicopter crashed while landing in Varzaqan on Sunday, the UN Security Council said. Foreign Minister Hossein Amirabdollahian, East Azerbaijan Province Governor Malek Rahmati, Tabriz prayer leader Hojjatoleslam Al Hashem and others were on board the helicopter. .
He said that these two issues, the unrepresented tribe and the Village Council, are pending issues and need to be discussed in detail.
The meeting was supposed to last for two days but as the case is still pending, the High Court has directed the Deputy Chairman to conduct the meeting so that it will not be delayed.
For the benefit of the people, the URBFPA demands that the government should implement this Act so that the farmers can benefit from agriculture, said Bah. FM Mawphniang president.
On the BJP's participation in the MDA government, Hamlet said, “It is for this reason that we want the prime minister to convene a meeting of the parties within the MDA immediately”.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of Sports Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh, MSOA Working President John F Kharshiing and others.
Sawdong is a strong fire, Together with the family, together with the family;
The marriage between a young man and a young woman leads to tragic incidents even to death and this is the case of a young girl who became very angry with her husband.
Rasali and the counterfeit notes were handed over to the police for further investigation.
Then they will sacrifice to God the Kingdom.
The neglect of the Khasi Heritage Village by the Hima Mawphlang or the KHADC has led to the destruction of this unique place.
“We are masters in politics; we say that this is what is found; we have been told that we have been lifted that the ban has been lifted but if the report of another test comes and the result is the same, then the ban will continue," she said.
Speaking to Rupang, HNA President B.Jyrwa said that there are more than 400 Daju from Iewduh who have joined the HNA. The organization, which is headquartered in Iewduh, intends to expand its office by setting up units across the markets of Khasi-Jaintia Hills such as Umsning, Mairang and other markets. location , but so far they have not discussed in which market they will create their first unit.
He said the iguana is the first in eastern India to be brought to Shillong.
A prize of T.10,000, a moment and a certificate of the State Award was also awarded to the fishermen.
View the District Promise for Mairang on 15 August 2021 until now.
Exodus 8:18-19.
During the meeting, the EM in charge of Land and Shyiap requested to amend the Land Transfer Act so that all three District Councils should have equal powers in this regard. role.
Shillong: An Expert Committee has been set up to study and review the Reservation Policy in the State.
“The JAC demands that the Prime Minister should cancel the proposal to build the Umngot Hydro Electric Project and if he does so, the JAC will take a strong measure to expose the proposal. our opposition"he said.
“We will hold a maha rally at Ramlila Maidan on the 31st of this month against what has happened in the country.
Regarding his opposition to Bah HDR Lyngdoh in 2018 by supporting the HSPDP candidate at that time, Bah Samlin Malngiang said, “They are the ones who left, and Maheh is the son of “I am of the same flesh and blood and as I am Maheh my middle name is I have no doubt that the people will give me a chance this time,” he replied.
Now there are those from West and South West Khasi Hills who have taken lease from the Central Government for their land to mine coal.
The MLA from Nongkrem constituency said that he will stay until the government has to respond and amend the Reservation Policy.
On this occasion, the family of the youth has lodged a complaint at Umiam PS to arrest and search for the suspects.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Adilbert Nongrum, said that during the inspection, the residents expressed their own problems, and one of the problems they expressed was the overcrowding. parking lots, the illegal trade of foreigners without a license which has affected the income of the indigenous people and others.
Mawkyrwat, July 06: The Green Tech Foundation of South West Khasi Hills District Division on Tuesday celebrated the World Environment Day 2022 with the spirit of responsibility. The tree planting program was held at Mawchwa-kma under Wahsiej Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 15: Leaders and members of the Joint Action Committee from Narpuh, East Jaintia Hills District, today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong to discuss the delay in repairs. The JAC has given one to three days to start the repair work on the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District.
She said that in fact, the BSF should have helped the local people but they often harass them.
“Before the day of elections, on my part, as one of the Sengbhalang leaders from Jaintia Hills, I would like to urge all the people to be wise in their elections. , they should elect leaders who can form a government for the people, not just to fill their own pockets. Conrad Sangma doesn't have that system of working that can help the people. We have seen that in the past years, the protests of the people, the protests of the Sengbhalang have been very strong, so we don't want to see that they I don't want any more bloodshed, because if the government shows us the power we as the people will not resist, so at this time I urge you to Please elect your leaders carefully, elect those who work well for the welfare of the people,” said Bah Shaniahlang Suchen.
Before joining politics, he served as a government employee and later entered politics and was elected as an MLA from Mawkhar and also as a government minister.
The explosion in this area is not known to be a new explosion and the damage is different.
The JSM said that as this area is close to the Narpuh Sanctuary, it will affect the three species of species living in this forest and they have decided to oppose the proposal to mine coal and clinker from this area. they didn't have Brishyrnot.
At present, it is still a time when everyone is busy with the election, but after the election, the KHADC together with the people of Mylliem Hima will visit the area. , in order to resolve this issue and which will not be looked into according to the rules and regulations of the Hima Mylliem.
Damechwa Dkhar scored the first goal for Soomar in the 29th minute against Ummulong Sports & Cultural Club.
The bill also seeks to give special privileges in government jobs to those who have only two children.
The body of the man, who was found by the police near the NH-6 and falls under the village of 13Mer, was wearing a blue jean patlun, a blue shirt, a blue shirt. a white robe and a sati in his right hand.
However, they were surprised that the video of him doing calisthenics has become viral and that is why someone phoned him and he was invited.
With this victory, Seven United will qualify for the Meghalaya Super League to be held in July next year.
Who sets the tariffs? It is the Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MSERC) which is the commission of the state.
And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Lord, save us: we perish.
IV.Here the morality has become increasingly ringsdotIi the wealth of the world that we have lost;
They were arrested at 2:15 or 2:30 in the afternoon but released in the evening after posting bail.
Once completed, open the Sordar or Rangbah Shnong, open the Engineer or BDO who looks after and participates in these projects.
He said that through that day, the members of the party, when they found these mawpud illegally erected by Assam without the consent of the people, the party would not hesitate to arrest them. not these mawpud.
He said that the passing away of Ma Obil is a great loss to the area because as a man and a leader, he has made a great contribution to the society to bring about development. region.
Bindo said that there will be 116 employees to look after the project.
They also acknowledged that the central government through the Human Resources Development (HRD) has already released the money but it is the state government which has not released it yet.
The court also noted that there are projects from the central government with sufficient funds, especially for the states in the North East, which they can get.
Bullet proof vehicles of the Special Operation Team (SOT) and the Crime Scene Unit went to Ichamati, Shella to assist the police from Shella Police Station in controlling the situation in the area.
The song was composed by Deicy Mawblei and shot by Skhembha Kharasati.
He said that as an MLA, he has taken the initiative to improve the schools and colleges in Ri-Bhoi from the support of the salaries of the teachers of Northern Ri-Bhoi College from the own budget and other colleges. He said that he has nothing to do but to help everyone, and also promised to provide a school building for the school through the Inter State Border Areas Development Programme.
Others present on the occasion were Chief Secretary KS Kropha, Director-General, NCRB, New Delhi, Radhakrishna Kini, DGP, Meghalaya SB Singh and other police chiefs.
“Some sites have already been selected and the preparation for the Environment Impact Assessment and Mitigation Plan is in progress,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. it is still going through the Urban Affairs Department.
Shillong: U Bah Titostar Well Chyne, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), today inaugurated the Media Center for journalists. On the other hand, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that this place is for the journalists to do their jobs and the allocation of this place to the journalists, should not prevent them from He also urged the journalists not to be on any side of the leaders, but to serve their job independently.
The Government has appointed officers from various departments to discuss and answer the questions of the people and residents through this platform to communicate with the Government through social media channels including WhatsApp.
The march started from St. Anthony's Stadium, Don Bosco Laitum, Shillong and ended at Malki Square.
Why the Engineer College in Mawlai has not opened yet, all these are the benefits that the people have lost.
The PC has announced that it is strictly prohibited to use fishing methods that destroy and exterminate the species living in the Umngot and Umlew rivers, and it is also prohibited to burn illegal forests in these villages such as They are located in the East Khasi Hills District.
The program was held every day from 7.00 to 8.00 pm at the Community Hall of Mawlong.
This day is celebrated around the world as World Wetland Day and this increase in the number of wetlands has led to the protection and preservation of these wetlands. the habitats of these birds every year during their migration from one place to another.
On the part of the Minister in charge of Handloom and Textile, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, while speaking on the occasion, he paid tribute to the government officers, for their hard work and cooperation of the textile manufacturers. Umden-Diwon, known as the Eri Silk Village, has been able to promote the textile industry and especially in the production of Ryndia textiles which the state is famous for in the world.
The incident happened at 4 pm, police said, adding that the collision was between an SUV Magnite and a truck.
The party led by Bah KS Suchiang President, Bah S Bamon General Secretary and members immediately left for the Malidor River on the border with Assam.
Shillong: Pile M. Sangma, 86, of Upper Rongjeng Hospital, Tura Civil Hospital, Shillong, on Tuesday, died on Tuesday. Cause of death: Covid- 19 Pneumonia Kurbah, 44, of Marbisu, Bethany Hospital, Shillong died on 25-06-2 -2021Lumlang War, 53, of Moobakhon Namdong Hospital Shillong died on 24-06-2021Cause of death: Covid pneumonia with co-morbidities Dilakmon M Pohlong, 32, of Khonglah West Jaintia Hospital passed away on 23-06-2 Drialdina Mawlieh, 47, died at Norman Tunnel Hospital on 11-06-2021Death on 25-06-2 : Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbidities.
He said that Administrative Housing Units have been built across the state for the health workers and others.
In the search of the district authorities, 1,171 people have been found and their belongings have been taken to hospital, but there are still 1,119 people who are still missing. day.
“The danger is especially for the pregnant women and the seriously ill who have to be transported to the city because of the poor condition of the road, they have become more and more ill,” said S Kurbah, one of the residents. you can answer.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The Muaythai Association of Meghalaya (MTAM) on Tuesday urged the Sports Department of the State Government to support the expenditure of 8.42 lakh tyngka for four Two athletes and two coaches will compete in the IFMA World Championship of Mauythai to be held in Bangkok, Thailand from 4-13 June this year.
The Vice President of AITC Meghalaya and MLA Zenith M Sangma has alleged that in every state where the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has come to power, the Christian community has been subjected to violence. terrific.
He said that in Parliament, we need a party with 50, 100 or 200 MPs. “However, if we go like that, it will not affect the Jaidbynriew. “To protect the Jaidbynriew, we need strong parties across the country,” said Bah PN Syiem.
Parents too experience happiness when their children have a close relationship with them.
The scheme to provide drinking water to Shillong and the surrounding villages has not disappeared, but is still progressing with many inevitable obstacles.
This is the reason why it seems that we are still fighting.
Shillong, November 1: The ILP meeting at Madan Student was not only a meeting to explain to the public but also the leaders of the Lum Khasi Jaintia Hills District. Lum Garo.
On the other hand, on the Uniform Civil Code, Sangma said the National People's Party will not accept it if there is a change in the culture of the state.
Fullningstar Lyngdoh (3:10:41), Shanborlang Mawlong (3:12:47) and Rajessing Marweiñ (3:23:32) won the men's 45 km race. Lyngkhoi (4:28:21), Bandasharai Marweiñ (4:36:44) and Tshering Lamu Bhutia (4:41:56).
Shilong: After the company to improve the Shillong-Dawki road from Rilbong in Mylliem has ceased its work, Rupang has tried to find out the reason. The company has left the office of the General Manager of the National Highway Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHID CL) in Mylliem.
In the first leg, Nangbah Mooknor won 6-4 goals against Khliehshnong Ialong.
When the police seized the Suma Kamai and searched it, they found 20 soap bottles and heroin weighing 191 grams.
Synsar has been classified as N0-20 while tyrpad has been classified as N0.89 of Schedule II of the MVAT Act.
The MLAs will be the leaders in the implementation which will last for 10 months according to the constituencies.
Shillong, November 18: Some of those who have been forced to leave their beds, while others who cannot walk have been forced to walk on wheelchairs to reach the place where the Ultra Sound will be conducted. doctors will quickly diagnose the disease in their body.
According to police, the woman was stabbed to death in the head.
The shopkeepers have also been directed to strictly follow the rules and regulations issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and those who violate these rules will be punished.
Bnai Syngkrem, Rangbah Shnong Shnongpdeng, told Rupang that the house of Jemala Lymba was sitting on the balcony at the time of the incident. She felt the smell of gas, she ran outside with her daughter and it was at that time, that the lyer shet burst and caught fire in the lyntang house, until it burned down. completely.
Speaking on Saturday, Prestone said that first of all they will call a meeting with all the parties in the MDA government on this issue and they will decide together.
This shows that there has been a clash between the supporters of Bah Kharkrang and Bah Kharsyntiew.
Therefore, as the foundation stone has been laid, the union demands that the construction of this road should be expedited, so that it will bring convenience to the people living in the area.
On the other hand, the Chief Election Commissioner and the two Election Commissioners had the opportunity to meet with the political parties, the country, the region and the state. also give the issues for clarification put before them by the leaders of the political parties.
Shillong: NPP MLA from Phulbari Esmatur Mominin has admitted that the Congress has created a way to overthrow the MDA government since the beginning of the dissolution of the government.
In a letter to Manipur Governor Anusuiya Uikey, 21 opposition MMs have signed the letter, demanding immediate protection and treatment for these people. and to bring peace and order in the state.
The next match will be between Rahjingshai SC and Mawlai SC at 1:00 pm and the second match will be between PFRFA and Laitkor SC at 3.30 pm.
Speaking to reporters, Bah P.Ryntathiang President of the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills, said that the purpose of this Shad is to preserve the culture, religion and customs of the Seng Khasi. Our Khasi nation, which God has set apart in this beloved land of Khasi Jaintia.
He urged the people to link their Aadhar accounts so that the money can be delivered to the beneficiaries through Aadhar-linked payments.
“As CEM, I have been the head of the Council for two and a half years.
Shillong, Lber 29: “Your MP who defeated me by 30,000 votes will not have more power than the Constitution of India,” said Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit. The meeting was held today at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
The incident happened near Karkhana village which is a small village on the border with Bangladesh in War Jaintia district. There was no injury or tragedy in connection with the driver even though he was alone at this time.
In the final of the Under-13 Boys (single) category, Fadey R Kyndait beat Nehemaia JJ Tariang 21/14, Lechan Suchiang won the Under-15 Boys (single) category. In the Under-19 Boys Single, Lemiwel Nelson Suchiang won 20/22, 21/16 and Banshanbor Lamare won 20/22, 21/16 and 21/1
Marak, President, AYWO (CGB) (HQ-Tura) and Brimbal M. Sangma, President, FAF (CEC) (HQ-Tura).
The AJTCVA on Monday met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to discuss the allegation that the employees of the Ialong Toll Gate have taken advantage of the FASTag, POS. At the toll gate, they continue to register all the vehicles.
Indian Super League teams FC Goa and Bengaluru FC today announced their squads for the upcoming AFC tournament.
He also found that here in the Khasi Hills there are village systems and Hima systems, in their own small Hima Syiems, but they don't have a single language to understand by all the Khasi. They have their own signs of deceit in their language.
These days it is the season when the sohsaw has started to ripen and the farmers have rushed to their fields to harvest and market across the state and even abroad.
Now this evil spirit of people has started to spread even in Maharashtra where the believers have killed a man who has been fighting for about 18 years against the faith of the people in India.
The union said that the lack of doctors is due to the fact that doctors and staff do not want to come to work in the villages.
“The bill is not on the list of the Rajya Sabha, but it can be introduced as a supplementary bill on any day in this session,” said Ram Madhav.
There are 302 cases of covid 19 in the BSF and 944 cases of covid 19 among the BSF personnel and five deaths.
Shillong: The HSPDP has expanded and strengthened its offices across the Khasi Hills in its 50th anniversary.
The younger players in the team are all well qualified, but they are still lacking in skills.
“The Dorbar Shnong also requests the DC to talk to the Assam government to immediately relocate the Assam Police/Battalion Camp on 26th July to encourage the farmers to farm in this area.
Marvel not at this: for in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage;
In addition, as a sign of recognition for their contribution in this regard, an award ceremony was held for the top 10 trainers, where the Best Trainee Award was presented. The Award of Appreciation went to the staff of MSSDS. There was also a song composed by the Syrdeng Group on the need to save time. they know how to use time.
The All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) has said that the move is illegal and aims to discriminate against the minorities in the country.
In Shillong, about 70% of the population has been vaccinated, but in rural areas like South Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and East Garo Hills, the vaccination rate is still very low. Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills have increased significantly in vaccination.
We must be healthy.
The Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Thombor Shiwat has strongly warned the people and village leaders on the border of West Karbi Anglong, Assam and West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya. They have no responsibility to take action to ensure their statehood.
In addition, measures have been implemented against any unauthorized activities such as the collection of wild vegetables, fishing and others by imposing a fine of T.50,0 against.
Por Pakyntein, one of Lahkmen's biggest supporters, has decided to support Stephan Mukhim.
Therefore, the DCs in charge of the district should not allow the school to open at this time.
Ma OR Shallam said the closure will be from Stand War, Siatthong, Chad Sukra, Ummulong Stand, Shangpung Stand, Moosaphir Stand to Stand Indica.
Four civil society organizations including FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle, KSU South Central East, HYC and HNYF Riwar Mihngi Circle strongly condemn the incident which happened on 3rd November Parking lot of trucks at Madanlyngtad below Pynursla at night when truck drivers were attacked by unidentified persons.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: A 12 tire truck carrying clinker from Guwahati has collided with two LPG trucks in Ri-Bhoi district. AS 01 DD 7762 and AS 01 DD 7763 were traveling from Guwahati to Shillong.
"Welcome Bah Shanbor. When she heard that those who had given the money to Wanbok's mother had come, Kong Lumspah also came out.
Utpal Dutta, MLA of the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP), was arrested for stealing the money from the SBI Dispur Branch.
Meanwhile, Miss Jessica Kharlukhi, the 1st Runner-Up Miss Meghalaya, has represented the state in the Miss Northeast 2022 and has been invited and judged in many fashion shows and beauty pageants.
The unit was inaugurated by Rapborlang Paliar, Vice President of KSU Sengkmie.
He said that at the time of the election, it is a public meeting and how many people will come to take part in it is not known. long happy.
The union urges the government to take action and if it does not take action, the government itself should take responsibility for the movement of the people and not just look at the eyes. but it should do something for the safety of the passengers.
For Garth, this is the first time he has been elected to lead the ACM and he feels it is a great honor for him.
Leaders of the JSU-CB from General Secretary J. Shylla, Publicity Secretary T. Mukhim and other leaders and former members of the JSU-CB were also present on the occasion. Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle through its Education Cell will award the 8th Mait Shaphrang Academic Award 2019 to the best students in Narpuh.
In 1964-65, the Raid Mynsaw ME School Langpih and the Langpih Market were formerly located near the Assam BOP. (Raid Mynsaw U.P.School / Secondary School) is not available.
The death toll has risen to 129,891 with 234 deaths today.
It may be recalled that Hamza, whose parents are full citizens of Bangladesh, used to come to Habiganj as a child.
There are five people who have submitted a petition to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, and the surprising thing is that out of these two people, two of them have been fined by the High Court. This announcement was issued by the KHADC on 4th March
Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Bah Sniawbha said, “I held a meeting to discuss this project yesterday”.
On this occasion, the cake was cut by the owner of the shop and the ribbon was laid by the chief guest. The restaurant also has a hall for holding various programmes.
The 1200 residents of these two villages have been living on government land for many years and have applied for dulir pata to become full residents.
However, it is not true to allege that the chairmen of the committees have been appointed only from the ruling MLAs,” said Mondal.
Earlier, the court had handed over 10 days of questioning to Jha from 24th June.
Therefore, the Association, after receiving a complaint from the village leaders, has met with the EE, MePDCL and sent a letter on the 4th July
Shillong: Following the refusal of the state government to pay the salaries of more than 300 permanent and 150 casual employees of Mawmluh Chera Cement Limited, which has been in existence for 16 months, on Tuesday, 20 employees of Speaking to u Bah S.Lyngdoh, President of Mawmluh Chera, the employees of the MCCL have come to Shillong to hold an untimely strike in front of the MCCL office. The Cement Employees Union, said that even after three times they have informed the state government about the problem of not receiving their salaries, the state government has been silent.
The Minister said this while addressing the G20 Conclave on the theme “Nature Solutions: A New Framework for Our Sustainable Future” organized by the Observer Research Foundation (ORF) in Shillong. Development Agency (MBDA) of the Government of Meghalaya.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 23332 out of which 18478 have recovered and 320 have died.
He said that there is a need to immediately amend this section as it is clear that a person from one state cannot become a Schedule Tribe in another state. There are now many people who misuse the jaid and kur of the Khasi people.
At a meeting held at Mawlangdep, UDP leaders from nine polling stations in the Mawlangdep zone, held a large rally in which the people flocked to support the victory of the party. UDP candidate for the current election.
Chengkam Sangma, who took two wickets on the first day, took another wicket for 3/54 in 14 overs.
Dimapur: Former Nagaland Speaker Z Lohe today asked whether the minorities of the North East will be overwhelmed by the influx of foreigners through The Government of India's intention to implement the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
Hek said the order issued by the Commissioner of Food Safety was based on the report submitted by the Food Safety Department.
According to the NEHU-Tura Campus, these nine members of NEHUSU were accommodated at the Guest House of the University after the request of the President of the Post Graduate Students Union (PGSU). NEHU, Campus Tour.
These cases include murder, kidnapping, assault and rape of women and children, drug trafficking, illegal coal trafficking and so on.
The loss is the loss of the opposition.
In his speech, Bah Bindo strongly criticized the government for its hasty action to resolve the boundary issue by bypassing the land owners and the council. This has resulted in the loss of the state and the loss of land that is still available for this project.
De Souza has also been able to showcase his skills in tournaments such as the Brazilian Serie A Championship and the Brazil Cup.
Kim, now 36, has reportedly not made a public appearance in two weeks.
Petrus, from Umbi Mathan, said that initially he and some of his friends who went to the fields had warned the child and his friends not to go swimming or to sleep. and they came unto him, because it was flowing with water: but they believed them not.
There have been 72 recoveries in the state today.
“Yes, we are strong,” replied Banri's mother.
Although in the past few months there has been a public demand for the resignation of Dr. Mukul Sangma, the MLAs on the side of Dr. Mukul Sangma say that he cannot be removed. him.
At such a time, the Khraw Pyrkhat, the Khraw Jutang who are the 'Rangkynsai' should stand up to establish the Seng Khasi with the aim of protecting the country from misguidance and that the new traditional thought will survive. later.
Deputy Superintendent of Police Pravin Pokhrel said that the troops together with the residents of Langtang village have recovered 55 human bodies from the village, while 128 bodies have been rescued. live.
Shillong, March 28 : The Department of Telecommunications (DoT) in collaboration with the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) will pilot the Cell Broadcast Alert System to improve the emergency information system during natural disasters. ensuring the safety and welfare of citizens.
Saber Mallick, who took part in the rally on Sunday, was taken to hospital after the lightning struck a tree at the venue. to the public gathering, after which paramedics pronounced him dead, the police chief said.
On the other hand, the employees of 108 want the state government to call for tenders after the expiry of the term of office of the company. take ti yourself to this department under your control.
On the other hand, the Seng does not accept this, but should withdraw it now before the announcement of the Election Results”.
Have you ever arrested a Khasi? How do those groups feel about corruption? They mean only corrupt politicians? Do you think that all Khasi officers are not truthful? Or how is that their response? When speaking any language in public, one should use one's mind and intellect so as not to make mistakes.
In the First Division match between Marshilong Sports Club and Kuchaphrang Football Club, both the teams drew without scoring a single goal.
“Replying to a question, the UDP leader said it is necessary for the government to take immediate action on the problems and concerns faced by the youth in order to prevent the problems from spreading. There are no jobs in the state.
She said there was nothing to show that there was any foul play or that there were other people present at the scene at the time of the incident.
Therefore, the party will not stand idly by and will continue to fight against foreigners in any form and take strong measures.
The gold medals for the men's and women's events were won by Veronica Severa S Sangma and Marc Zodinlia from West Garo Hills.
He said that this action of the state government to impose taxes is like legal extortion to steal from the budget of the people of this state without any mercy to the poor.
According to his testimony: “That the people of Shella, Mustoh, Nongwar and other War areas do not have Jaid”. Jade").
She assured that the NDA government will give its full support to the region.
On the 19th June, 2023, the temperature in Shillong reached 29.1 degrees Celsius and this is too high as this place should not be so hot.
He did this while the police were chasing after them to search the men and the vehicle.
Another issue is that if it is the criminals who cause trouble, they should be arrested and punished, while the government has appointed police to protect them. Whoever benefits from not seeing this work.
Parrikar, who is the Chief Minister of Goa, is the tallest leader of the BJP in Goa, having assumed the post of Chief Minister for the fourth time on 14th June resigned from the post of Minister of Defense of the Government of India.
He urged the state government to do whatever is necessary to protect and provide security to the people living on the border with Assam.
Other media reports said that Pakistan has lifted the curfew to allow Muslims to celebrate Ramzaan, which is scheduled to be held on 23 June .
On Saturday, the police left the body overnight at the place where it was found because they had to wait for the Crime Unit of Shillong Police along with other legal requirements.
“Narendra Modi has reviewed the conditions of employees in various departments of the Government of India and directed to recruit 50 lakh employees and complete within year".
Shillong, July 21: Shillong, July 21: In collaboration with the Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat of the Central Government, the BJP Meghalaya has requested that the The Raj Bhavan Shillong on Saturday held a meeting with the Raj Bhavan Shillong on Saturday to promote bilateral relations between the States and the Union Territories. Meghalaya, Tripura and Manipur celebrate the independence of Meghalaya.
We cannot understand why the information reaches the people late even though the Rangbah Shnongs/Volunteer Shnongs have dedicated their time to work hard without counting their precious time and energy at such a time and to It is sad to hear that there are still policemen who refuse to listen and cooperate with the village authorities and do whatever they want as happened in Laitlyngkot.
Laitkor scored three goals through Hamboy Lyngdoh in the 18th minute, Sandy Kharkongor in the 80th minute and Pynshngain Nongrum in the 45th minute to win 3-1
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday directed the state government to provide crematoriums including the installation of electric crematoria if necessary.
The Minister said that the cost of hosting the tournament has reached 1.5 crore tyngka.
The Acting President of HANM Jaintia Hills Unit said that the HANM Jaintia Hills Unit strongly demands that the damaged parts of the road should be repaired and how the NHAI has turned its attention only to earn money from the people. , but it has forgotten to take its parts to repair this road.
Many households who used to pay less than 1000 tyngka for electricity now have to pay tens of thousands of tyngka in the rural areas,” said the JSU. to take action to look into this increase in electricity bill and resolve the issue of distribution of bills so that the people will not be affected.
This was announced by the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri in his reply to the Assembly on Tuesday.
Prestone also urged all the media to work together with the Government so that we can overcome this disease which has hit our state at this time. the second.
When asked how she feels about the MLA's statement that if she refuses to apologize within 48 hours, he will issue a notice to her lawyers and take her to the Privilege Committee of the Assembly. On the other hand, Ms Marngar replied, “If he is willing to fight and show force with the woman, he will do it”.
I’ve never heard of women betraying any candidate once they’ve decided to help him.
“I have been suspended but I have not reached anywhere, I have been suspended but I have not reached anywhere. a little bit," he said.
They also informed that the purpose of this meeting of the Kur Suting, which is only from Ri Bhoi, is to discuss the issues related to the Kur Suting. All the Kur Suting, who are from Ri Bhoi, are invited to attend this meeting of the Kur Suting so that they can complete the tasks that the Kur wants to talk about for the benefit of the Kur. that where Shooting.
He said the Meghalaya government has already decided to take the matter to the central government for resolution but the Assam government has refused.
These drugs were purchased from the NRHM in 2010-2011 and 2011-2012, at a cost of T.
However, thanks to the love and support of the people and the team, the State this year has reached the final, although it has not won the title.
Rapborlang Marweiñ scored the first goal for Nangkiew Irat to win 2-1
Mawkynrew, what will happen to your MLA if you don't elect Bah Känsing, because whoever wins from other parties I won't tell you. and they shall not enter in at the door.
From the 28th to 30th of this month, the program will be held at Sohra for the players from Mylliem to Pynursla and Sohra, Shella. From the 4th to 6th June, the program will be held from Upper Shillong to Mawsynram and Sohiong, Upper Shillong.
In a statement, the three Rangbah Shnongs of Laitumkhrah including Bah TP Nongrum, Bah GB Sawkmie and Bah SB Nongdhar said that the revenue of the Municipal has already increased but it still wants to increase. but its activities and the revenue it collects do not match.
Interestingly, the Chief Minister said that as an encouragement to the students, from now on, awards will be given to those students in Class X, XII, B.AB.com and Gold Medalist in MA/ MSc or Post Graduate degree.
He also helped his team win the Shillong Premier League title in 2014 by beating Langsning Football Club in the final.
However, Canada has claimed to be one of the most peaceful and prosperous countries in the world.
Environ Secy- Mol Synthesis 11.
“Who else is willing to offer money to a man whose watch alone costs up to T.15 lakh” by talking about the expensive watch he wears, he told reporters in Alirajpur. on the day of the last day.
So far, 200 people have been involved in the search and rescue operation including the Navy, NDRF, Odisha Fire Service, State Disaster Response Fund, State Fire Brigade and personnel of the State Government. By Bah Philip MarweiñThe HSPDP, which is the oldest party in Meghalaya, has now caused a lot of trouble just because of the MDC elections.
The BSF has also written to the Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB) of Bangladesh to explain to them about the invasion of Bangladeshis into Indian villages.
Just take a piece of sohjew and apply it to these areas for about 5 minutes.
The NH 51, AMPT, Tura-Baghmara road, Shillong-Nongstoin-Williamnagar-Tura road, Damra-Dainadubi-Mendipathar road, Paikan-Resubelpara road have been closed for all types of vehicles. Williamnagar and Mendipathar roads are still closed.
In a petition sent yesterday, Chairman Alex K Sangma and General Secretary Thengsil Sangma said that there are about 10 lakh Garo people living in Assam and there are 668 villages.
“The Prime Minister also knows well that whoever is involved in this violence, by allowing the killers and murderers, it is clear that he is also involved in this crime,” she said.
“Parents have become more comfortable because sometimes as soon as their children grow up, they don't need to feed anymore but they get food at school,” she added.
Thus, after King Artaxerxes of Persia allowed Nehemiah to go to Jerusalem and the rebuilding of the broken walls began in 445 B.C.
The airport is no longer available and after the earthquake, no one wants to repair it until now.
Similarly, TSA has its own right to affiliate with the MFA or to withdraw its affiliation.
The new Heaven and the new Earth, free from persecution, free from suffering, prejudice and injustice, give hope and inspire our souls.
Rupang.com has tried to get more information on the incident, but no details have been received. It is understood that the incident was true. to this area, they were thrown stones at the train, while it was passing through Bihar.
In terms of districts, the highest number of cases have been filed in the POCSO courts in East Khasi Hills, which has reached 709 cases and accounts for 28% of the total number of POCSO complaints in the state. South Garo Hills has the lowest number of complaints with 64 which is only 2%.
Speaking on TKM's collaboration with the Hornbill Music Festival 2023, Varinder Kumar Wadhwa, General Manager – Strategic Business Unit (East) of Toyota Kirloskar Motor, said, a variety of vehicles including a Hilux for forest guards, shows our pleasure to showcase our variety of products, which aims to Provide cars for all or 'Mobility for All' to enjoy these things.
And if such a disaster happens in our state, the responsible ones will be the leaders of the state.
It is appropriate that the 12th of July every year, which is the day when the whole country celebrates the birth anniversary of Vivekananda, is also a special day for the youth. country.
This is the third game for Shillong Lajong FC in the MSL 2023, with nine points, to beat Seven United in the semifinals of In Group C, Seven United have eight points from four games.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah informed the Seng leaders that a Work Order has been issued for the repair of the Jowai Bye-pass.
When asked whether the new NPP-led coalition government will last, Tynsong said, “We have completed the entire term and from 2023 to 2028, we will complete the entire term.
The NPYF CUP Jirang Block, Jirang Block, has won the NPYF CUP tournament at Byrnihat Stadium. The 18mer Football Club has won the NPYF Cup tournament. Umling Sports Club beat Umling Sports Club 1-0 in the tie breaker.
The YMA leaders also visited the residence of the Chief Minister of Assam as a sign of protest against the social peace agreement between the two states.
On the same day, Pala visited War Jaintia to seek the support of the people of the area.
Article 14 of the Constitution of India states that all are equal before the law or 'Equality Before Law'
The gold locket was dropped on Tuesday (Musiang) on ​​the third day of Behdienkhlam while passing through Chilliangraij, Umchangiar, Loomkjam, Panaliar, Dulong, Tpep Pale, Loompyrdi, Ongpiah and Loomkyrwiang.
“About 30 lakh residents will benefit from the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme and health centers especially those with high MMR and IMR will be given special attention and all programs and schemes will be ensured to reach them. public", he said.
He joined India A in 2003-04 against Zimbabwe and Kenya.
Expressing his gratitude for this, Bah Sadon also thanked Bah Peter for his cooperation.
On this occasion, the Seiñ raij Tuber urges the public not to come to Tuber to prevent the spread of the disease.
The Chief Minister of Manipur on Saturday left for Manipur to meet four NPP MLAs to discuss their withdrawal of support to the BJP-led government in Manipur. Manipur.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that he will donate 10 months of his salary for schools in rural areas.
What makes me sad is how my daughter will drink and go to sdien in the tyllai phasi, and how there will be no police when they take her body if she commits suicide, and as a father he said He also said that he did not attend the post mortem at the CHC in Rajasthan because if he had died, there should have been only a tyllai mark that he could have fallen inside but there were also marks like kyrshut on his neck. She was injured in the leg and even her hands were missing that she may have had a fight before she died.
Dr Sangma made his first visit to Khliehrangnah, Shangpung where he was accompanied by district officials including the Deputy Commissioner, District Mining Officer and others.
Without land, it will not be possible to develop or carry out those developments in the development of the country.
“We have been in darkness for four years and now we cannot do anything by surrendering our weapons,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. The statement said that the Minister of Home Affairs should talk to the political parties, religious leaders and MLAs from Khasi Jaintia Hills to The HNLC will also be allowed to talk peace like the ANVC, or perhaps it will be a biased decision, which may enter the minds of many people in Khasi Jaintia.
The commission has ordered the Deputy Superintendent of Prisons to provide information regarding the outstanding cases and prisoners to ensure that the commission takes responsibility in relation to the Legal Service Authority. for speed in disposing of cases quickly.
“In the midst of the discussion on the State Reservation Policy, everyone understands that to change and take a decision, as the Committee cannot do it, but the Committee has urged all political parties to agree. “I have to explain why I have to do this, because if I go to court, there will be no problem to cause trouble to the state in the future,” she said.
To provide better understanding of the Prevention of Child Sexual Abuse (POCS0) Act, 2012, under Section 74 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2015 and under Section 228 A (1) of the Indian Penal Code The NCPCR has gathered all the journalists from the North East including Meghalaya, Sikkim, Manipur, Tripura and Assam at a meeting held at Pine Wood Hotel, Shillong. .
The race will start from Lad College KNGC, proceed from Newhill to Iawmusiang and end at Kiang Nangbah Monument. )10 men and 10 women will be selected for the winners and trophies, medals and certificates will be awarded.
Just take the dried sohjew stalks and cut them into small pieces and then mix them well in the mixture you have prepared.
Lapang's team recently met with Sonia Gandhi and Rahul, ministers Prestone Tynsong, HDR Lyngdoh and MM Dango to demand the resignation of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
We have to wait and see what the government will do after the High Court has ruled by rejecting a case related to the Roster System.
Toi is better if he is a minute like a Dkhar, and perhaps he is better.
At these times when the whole world is in the midst of struggle and struggle to protect themselves from the terrible disease, the Seng Khasi Kmie, has urged all the families and and to be careful and take care of themselves, by following all the rules and regulations as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, so that the disease will not spread and afflict us.
Prayer and Encouragement to all, from those who are educated, those who are unemployed, those who have jobs, those who do not have jobs, those in different lines and ranks. Khasi or Hynniewtrep and those living in Meghalaya.
He said that this was once a day market, but now it is every day and “even the Syiem cannot control it anymore”.
If there are not enough vacancies in that department, there are Garo brothers and sisters who are qualified for that job, it doesn't matter if you fill up, we don't care if they fill up. according to their fortune.
I would like to congratulate all the Kur Tongper who are still waiting for their results and I encourage all those who have passed their exams and those too are Kur and we are them...who will fun or text me again fun to have your number.
Extra Assistant Commissioner N Hajong said the SVEEP-II will increase the number of youths between 18-19 years old from 35 percent to 40 percent.
The arrested are Altaf Hussain (32) of Badarpur, Karimganj, Assam, Ratan Dkhar (56) of Ummulong Village, West Jaintia Hills. Rahman (32), of Lathimara, Katigorah, Assam.
The Committee will be headed by EL Warjri, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Project Director, DRDA as Chairman.
They had a son, Wilfred, who was 10 years old.
“After he fell, another person came out with the same pistol to shoot the police and we shot him until he fell on the ground,” said Circle Inspector of Khliehriat, Subir Sangma. A team of EJH Police comprising SI PR Marak, SI L Kharsyntiew and a team of 3rd Battalion together with Police from Assam under the leadership of SI Sanjeeb Terang and his battalion together with troops. of the 43rd Battalion of the Assam Rifles.
Mariahom Kharkrang, spokesperson of the BJP, spoke to the media during the protest, exposing the party's leadership and support. courage behind the organization.
Higher education is the most important goal because it was developed to restore the lost glory of Hindu India.
At the end of the game, Neymar was seen crying over the defeat of PSG and did not have a chance to turn the goals to the opponent.
However, if they feel that they need a change of leadership, they should resign first and do what they want,” said Dr Donkupar.
He said that the Society which runs the Eco Tourism in Nongriat has a desire to become one of the most prominent tourist attractions in Nongriat. this area.
He said that before the government resolves the border between Meghalaya and Assam for the second time, the government should provide security so that the residents of these areas can escape from the border. small and large population in the state of Assam.
This can also limit the freedom of citizens to participate in democracy.
The village holds a dorbar once a year on the 26th January every year.
Jesus stood up to protect women from violence.
The book of Nehemiah tells us that there was an evil intention and attempt to disrupt and frustrate the work and rebuilding of the city.
Oh, how beautiful the nature is all around the area on the right and on the left if you drive from Nongstoin to Nongkhnum.
TULBA Mawkyrwat Unit would also like to thank all the people who have joined hands to help this family at the same time the family members have expressed their gratitude to TULBA for coming to help and They came to encourage them in the midst of their sorrow that they have lost their homes due to the fire.
“The NH-6 falls under the jurisdiction of the NHAI and in this regard, I would like to inform you that on the 8th of July this year while the KSU was protesting against the condition of the NHAI road. Biswajit Jyoti Lahkar, Manager-Technical of NHAI, has promised that the department will repair the entire length of the NH-6 within six months from the date of the incident at Lumshnong Toll. Plaza,” said the President of KSU-EJHDU, Streamly N. Suchen in a complaint sent to the SP of East Jaintia Hills.
They were on their way to Rajasthan.
Shillong: Various civil society groups today joined hands with the STIEH to strongly oppose the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival by the State Government on Sunday.
Besides, unfortunately, before signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), the Government of Meghalaya did not inform or seek the support of the Hima Dorbars, Raid Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars and the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous Districts. Council.
The celebration of the 175th Anniversary of the Gospel in Ri Khasi Jaintia will start at Nongsawlia from the 18th to the 20th of this month.
Up to 300 of these residents on the India-Bangladesh border have received free treatment.
On Tuesday at 4.30 pm, several robbers kidnapped Sunil Rai in a white Scorpio in the area under the jurisdiction of Muffasil Police Station. Bihar.
Marbud has decided to retire from the FKJGP with the intention of contesting the MDC election 2019 from Mawlai constituency and will contest from the Congress party.
