Shillong: The Sordar of Syntung Village, Bah Robert Pale, today said that nine youths from Madanryting who went to Syntung village to eat khana were attacked at Lad Mawlang village. He said that the robbery of 9 youths happened at Lad Mawlang Village, not at Syntung, 10 km from Syntung.
He urged the youth not to neglect their studies because they do not know the future or they will become the great men of Meghalaya.
In the Rashi and Lyngkhung rivers there are Dohkha, Dohthli, Shymprong, Shersyngkai, many Shalynnai, Dohmain, Tham and others.
Other speakers on the occasion were Leningrad Tariang, Ruben Najiar, Lasting L. Gadew and Shiningstar Khongiong.
Today, the High Court expressed the hope that the government will take the necessary measures immediately and end this work as soon as possible.
Bah Rana said that there is a way for the children and youth to continue to preserve and promote the old songs produced by the artists.
Rev AT Sohliya Chairman of KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Assembly was invited as the chief guest, who also laid the foundation stone to commemorate the celebration. District celebrates its 20th anniversary.
HANM Biar Unit: President: Eladmi Syngkon Vice president: Pyndap lang ki Wan General Secretary: Poihame Sungoh Assistant Secretary: Jesba sungoh also 10 members.
Conrad said that up to 60 students will be able to study at the university every year.
If another factory is built, the whole world will be in turmoil but nothing can be done, because even the government authorities in charge of the cleanliness of the environment have been blinded by the authorities of the management of the factory. the factory.
However, until now, it is time to plant the seeds and the Government has not been able to provide them.
Therefore, all the youth of the Nongstoin Diocese who live in Shillong are kindly requested to come and take part in these two days, not only in the games but especially in the Holy Mass.
According to sources, the incident happened at 7.00pm and the burning of the bridge is suspected to have been caused by the anger of the people. Hundreds of coal trucks have been lined up at Nongstion but due to the emergency order of the DC, they have been stopped and angered the truck drivers. .
Referring to the BJP-NPP alliance in the state and the NPP's decision to contest the 2023 elections alone, Babeeta Sharma said the NPP understands that if they are in the same party. The BJP will not win the elections.
Speaking in Rajasthan, he said that shortly after the Congress party formed its government in 2004, one of the things it did was to reduce the number of SC/STs in Andhra Pradesh. that Muslim.
In Shillong, from Motphran, Police Bazar, Laitumkhrah and other places, it has been seen that there are Khasi children who are not collecting but carrying Book Marks and selling them to them. the crowd that passed by.
The target is T.2.30 lakh and the deadline for receipt of applications is 23rd November 2019. For more information, please call Shillong: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem today announced that the election of the new Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held tomorrow. The filing of nomination papers for the election will be held on Tuesday.
There are also small villages in Mawkishiem, Thangkharang, Sohsarta, Mawblang, Mawsmai, Nongthymmai, Laitduh and others.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas Sangma, PHE Minister Marcuise Marak and Lok Sabha MP Agatha K. Sangma.
He said that many women are left without children because men are lyngkar.
The ABP figures showed that the AAP got 50.4 per cent votes while the BJP got 36 per cent.
He said that for the repair of the dam, the Central Government has also allocated T.180 crore to Meghalaya.
Noting that many of the villages in Shillong have been seized by the mynder, he asked what the BSF are doing on the border and why they don't arrest those who smuggle but harass the Khasi from time to time.
Shillong: 125 employees of NEIGHRIMS, including doctors, nurses, ward attendants and hospital staff, have tested positive for the coronavirus. or those who are in isolation.
In order to use these buses, Ms Isawanda said that a mobile app called 'STEMS Meghalaya' has been launched and parents can download it from the Google Play Store. they can register their children.
The MPHRC therefore urges the government to immediately appoint a Judicial Inquiry headed by a Judge of the Meghalaya High Court so that the trial will be free and fair. those who have been involved in this illegal activity shall not be punished severely.
Shillong: The Under Secretary in charge of Transport Department of the State Government of Meghalaya has sent a letter to the Commissioner of Transport of the State Government to take action on the demand of the KHNAM Youth Wing to stop the influx of Assam vehicles. tourists to the state, because it has affected the livelihood of the state residents especially the drivers.
Therefore, this commitment to support the joint candidates will help to resolve all the issues that remain in the state through the central government.
One of the members of the Cooperative Society, Bah Swarlin Dkhar, said that Mawlong Nongtluh Integrated Cooperative Society is one of the societies which has received the Ginger Processing Unit. The Ginger Processing Unit will benefit the ginger farmers in the area and the district as a whole.
If anything goes well, that is, they cannot maintain discipline.
He was first found by his family members in the morning because they went to wake him up. They also found a letter saying that he loved his wife Ridalin Pyngrope and that he had a child. one.
The award was presented by Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu, Milind Sonam, Mike Druce, Ajeet Bajaj and others.
Session- The session of the Legislative Assembly shall be held on a scheduled day by a group of Kher Rangbah of the Legislative Assembly headed by the Lamphang.
Also present at the program was James Sangma Minister of Forests and Environment Department as the chief guest. environmental issues and other measures that can be taken in this regard.
If we really talk here, what is behind the fact that man cannot do only good in life? The answer to this is that in the soul and heart, the bishni, the pihuiñ, the ïbeiñ have entered. I khoh the other.
The Prime Minister said that the fund for this is already in the government and all that remains is to implement it.
Sohkha, June 24: U Bah DD Lapang, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday promised to upgrade the Sohkha Government Higher Secondary School by bringing in a science center. The school, which was established in 1959, celebrated its Golden Jubilee this year, and Bah Lapang also inaugurated the science centre. and will start admitting science students in classes XI and XII from this year.
The Chairman of the SC said that besides the landslide, the release of cows has devoured the crops planted by the people through the seed distribution of Agriculture. District Training Centre, Shillong.
And this shows that it is only in the name of Jesus that demons can be cast out and the sick healed, the dead can be raised.
They were working as mystery workers in Ramban, where they shot dead these two young women who were also brothers.
Speaking to media, after the meeting, the CEM of KHADC said that the purpose of their meeting with the Chief Executive Members was to collect the documents regarding the border. He said that the intention of the two State Governments to demarcate the boundary will also be according to the boundary of these Hima.
He said that whenever they go to follow up on this issue, the Government gives reasons why the MRSS (Amendment) Bill, 2020 and also the Resolution on the Inner Line Permit passed by the House. The State Legislature is still pending under the jurisdiction of the Central Government.
For this reason, many people have committed suicide to avoid being infected with Corona.
Ministry : the ministry, the ministry is the branch of the ministry; shenat is the smallest part of the body; kit is not the market in the body or tyrpeng; work is the work of men.
The rally was led by Nikman Ch Marak Chairman of the GSMC. The rally was also attended by Champion Sangma, who is the leader of the Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM).
Similarly, 01 policemen were killed in 2007, 02 (2008), 00 (2009), 00 (2010), 08 (2011), 01 (2012), 07 (2013) and none until the 31st. October 2014.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has decided to close down the house of Sunita Sohtun and PN Jaiswai, which falls under the house of LB Rapthap, opposite Benz Residency, Central Bishnupur. sun.
After the DC's explanation, the leaders of the Union of Waheh Shnongs and the leaders of the area expressed their regret over the DC's rude remarks. especially the head of the district.
As human beings, we spend only because we want to, while we don't think that these things don't benefit us but they destroy the little wealth we have and destroy it.
Nongstoin, November 03: After the end of the mid-term elections from Nongstoin Constituency, the group of Fenella Lyngdoh Nong Lait who supported her in the election has started preparing for the 2018 elections by creating There is no other group known as the Nongstoin Independent Council.
“All MTC activities have been suspended.
When inquired about the reason for the suspension of these four vehicles, the drivers of these vehicles said that according to their information, the It is because of the traffic jam in these areas.
Marak said the sad thing is that many people in the rural areas think that the Aadhaar card is linked to '666' and banks do not connect beneficiaries through banks. Your account and Aadhaar card.
Kynsai Kupar Bareh (16) from Sutnga village and Federick Kupar Kupar Kurbah (17) from Mawkalum are the two football players who will soon be ready to leave. He learned how to play football at the Rush Football Academy in Valencia, Spain.
Out of the 13 districts in the state, Visakhapatnam has shown to be at the top in terms of the number of such incidents with 972 incidents against the government. East Godavari with 319, Guntur with 138, Chittoor with 107 and Krishna with 98 cases.
From West Papua to Chattisgarh and to the Khasi and Achik Hills, tribals around the world share the same belief and deep relationship not only with the land, but with the environment as a whole.
The money was handed over to the Chief of Army Staff, Sohan D Shira.
Shillong: The 2nd Open Futsal Tournament was organized by the Futsal Association of Meghalaya in collaboration with the East Khasi Hills District Sports Officer at the Indoor Stadium. Laban SC has played 16 matches and scored 84 goals.
There are more than 500,000 children studying in private schools in Gujarat under the Right to Education Act,
On the other hand, the DC of West Khasi Hills District has directed the village authorities not to ban or discourage the farmers from going to work in the fields.
The Cabinet also approved the revision of the deadline for payment of Value Added Tax (VAT) to the Government on liquor, petrol and diesel.
Nongpoh, July 23: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today explained that the polling has not been completed yet. and in those villages which are not yet bordered, it shall be done in order, as it used to be.
According to information received, these four buses of the Shillong Public Transport Service (SPTS) have had to stay at the quarantine facility, due to their poor condition and difficulty in obtaining repair equipment. and of these it was reported that some of the vehicles have been damaged and cannot be repaired.
The results are only for Class X and that too only for the top 20 but for Class XII there is no theft.
The Governor as the Head of State has the power in the name of the Constitution in relation to ADCs. At present, this Heritage has no longer seen Primary Schools under the jurisdiction of District Councils because the powers that were given to them in the past have been taken away from them.
Nongpoh: A group of three political parties in Ri Bhoi, including the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF, today laid wreaths at the Mot Sah in memory of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima. , which is located in the grounds of JNV School Niangbari in Ri Bhoi District.
Police have lodged a complaint at Williamnagar police station and an investigation has been launched.
Any needs please tell and ask for help from Kni and Nia.
This is the second time that the Shillong Municipal Board has had to conduct another census in the area after being directed by the High Level Committee (HLC) appointed by the government to look after the census. this work.
He said that if the community leaders cannot do what they have promised, they should throw it in the garbage dump.
The third place winners will win the title of Set Wet Mega Mister North East
The Pastor encouraged and blessed the Church with the words from the Bible which says “He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the Lord; and his good deeds shall he reward him” Proverbs 19:17.
“Yeah…yeah.
I told you just to know.
Zechariah 14:4.
He said that the allegation that they are stealing wood from Assam is also not true because they are stealing wood from the village forest to burn fire.
Shillong: The construction of the Shillong Dawki road, which started in 2020 and now, has been going on for three years, but the construction of the road, has remained stalled, until these days and in the Package 1 has been completed by 6.6 percent, Package II by 16.70 percent, Package IV by 25.40 percent and Package V by 25.4 percent. 6.3 percent.
Don't let the love of the nation be only during the elections because this is a betrayal of the country and the nation itself.
Meanwhile, the government and the world are fighting to preserve the environment and the United Nations Organization (UNO) has also set World Environment Day on 5th June every year as a sign of to remember and preserve the trees, but according to the vision, it is in vain.
Khliehriat, Naitung 17 : The annual Behdeinkhlam festival was held today at Bir Ait Nar at Tuber Kmaishnong in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. , Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar was the chief guest and also donated T 1 lakh tyngka to the Seiñ Raij Tuber. Kyrmen Shylla, former MLA, Justine Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS and other government officials and Seiñ Raij Tuber leaders.
In the fight against the coronavirus, there have been many efforts by scientists from different countries.
The meeting also urged the residents not to ignore the scheme.
Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of the state, said that not only the owners of vehicles, but also the passengers have requested and complained to the state government that the fare has increased too much. .
Therefore, while there is access to the sections brought under Section 77, prominent speakers also have a responsibility to maintain dignity during their speeches at meetings.
It was not until the 16th of this month that this terrible robber was arrested by the people from Wars No.
Each household will benefit from this MHIS if they are admitted to hospitals.
For Nangkiew, Abhi Shek Verma had a chance in the first half but his ball went straight into the hands of Langsning goalkeeper Surjay Kumar Pariyar.
The Department of Horticulture, West Jaintia Hills District has distributed seeds from Sohsaw, Sohkhia, Kubi and Shynrai and others to the farmers in Thadlaskein Block.
The WWF India World Fitness Federation 2023 Zonal Body Building Championship will be held on the 13th and 14th March 2023 organized by the Pro Fitness Club. Sawakani Lakiang is a 1st semester student of English Honors at Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Shillong, November 11: The BJP Meghalaya will celebrate Good Governance Day on the 23rd instead of the 25th which is Christmas Day.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the players who lead the state should be disciplined, work hard and play well in order to bring glory to their state.
“In the fiscal year 2023-2024, I have estimated that the revenue share from the Central Government will be T.7834 crore and the total revenue of T.8908 crore will be from the Central Government's remittances. and central transfer,” he said.
Explaining in more detail, the DG said that the clear program will be fixed after the meeting to be held on 22nd July in Guwahati.
He is 3 feet 15 inches tall and wears a blue, maroon and striped sweater and long jeans.
Wanshanlang Dkhar scored the second goal for Ryntih in the 8th minute and Sajini Dkhar scored the second goal in the 74th minute.
It stems from struggles and struggles for just, inclusive and respectful governance for all citizens.
Jesus Christ also said that if you seek, you will find.
“On the 22nd of November, we sent a letter to the Executive Engineers of the two Divisions of Mawphlang Division and on the 24th of November, we sent a letter to the Minister of PHE, the Deputy Secretary of PHE and to the Commissioner & Secretary of PHE and to the Deputy Commissioner of Labor of the District Labor Officer of East Khasi Hills,” he said.
He said that the incident has not happened only in this PWD department while in others it has not happened at all.
SP of F&ES Spill Thamar has been promoted as CSO of MePDCL. SP of Ringrang TG Momin has been promoted as SP (City) Shillong.
Shillong: A policeman, who was guarding Amita Sangma, has shot dead in the air yesterday and it is alleged that the policeman, Bah T Wahlang, was drunk and committed the crime. Amita's residence in Madanryting.
The synsar, kait, kwai have been destroyed.
The four karate players include Ferdinand S Rani, Gregorwilson Makdoh, Saralin Rynghang and Damanbha Pde.
However, if these opportunities were misused, as we have seen in some areas, it would have been a great injury, not only to those who misused them, but to the nation as a whole.
“We have been building public roads.
Besides, the candidate said that this shows that they are afraid.
How do you do it?1
These include 9 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in the army and 7 cases in the civilian population.
Shillong, June 22: U BJP President Amit Shah today urged all BJP workers in the state to collect accurate records of all the corruption cases of the Congress government and to publish them. in books and distribute to all the families in the state so that they know the truth.
If it violates the agreement with us, we too have the right to protest,” said Paul.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, said that the report has been prepared by the Committee and sent to the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma and it will be up to the governments of the two states to convene the meetings at the state level.
“This Multi Specialty Hospital was constructed at a cost of T 483.19 crore, which is a sign of ONGC's work to improve the community in the areas it operates.
I will not leave here until the Government is ready to give us a good road," she added.
Others who took part in the meeting were Dr. Mukul Sangma of the TMC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum of the VPP. Police have been stationed at Thangskai since 6:30 pm.
The SP said that about 300-400 people had gathered inside Sohra PS to protest against the arrest of these two men, but the protest was in the form of violence and only After a while they left the place after we explained that we are conducting an investigation into these two and that the law will take the necessary action.
These tournaments include the Hero Junior Boys' National Football Championship for the Dr BC Roy Trophy 2023-24 (Tier-1) to be held in Bhubaneswar, Odisha from 5th to 15th November this year. The Sub-Junior Boys' National Football Championship 2023-24 (Tier-1) will be held at Malda & Berhampore, West Bengal from 3rd to 13th November this year and the Hero Sub-Junior Girls' National Football Championship 2023- 24 (Tier 1) which will be held from 3rd to 13th November this year in Amritsar, Punjab.
The Uptime Center offers and benefits to bring the best performance and service.
In an interview with the Sun magazine, published in London, Bear said: “We are in a deep, dark pond full of water.
The SP said that a case has been registered at Lumdiengjri Police Station and the three robbers will be taken before the court, while the two children will be dealt with under the DGP Act.
Gandhi also acknowledged that the temporary closure of the Congress party's account was not good for democracy.
The verdict was sent by the court to Bah VGK Kynta, Sr Counsel assisted by Bah H Wanshong, Counsel for the Petitioners. The same request regarding the request of the complainants and said that the matter is still being considered and the payment of the money will be implemented soon, as the donations have already been received.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The KSU Mawlai in collaboration with the Lamjingshai TI Project today held an awareness program on the issue of HIV/AIDS at Mawlai Phudmuri. The Counselor of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MAIDS) in a meeting on HIV/AIDS said that the number of HIV cases in the state is increasing with the passing of the year.
That faith in the teachings and works of Jesus would set the Jews free.
Dr Ampareen said the All India Trinamool Congress (AITMC) is a party that does not exist in the state and does not have a president, members and even its address in the state.
The three women who received the training are Milda Shylla, Ïoophi Shylla and Manbha who are the leaders of the farming industry in the village.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Vinod K Gaur, said that there have been many changes in education since the introduction of the new Education Policy and this new Education Policy is one of the for the fact that it has been able to bring about a change in the development of quality education in the country as a whole.
Shillong: The cleaning job of the Shillong Municipal Board should not be inherited only by the families of the kharmetor, as it is a government job, but should be invited by public announcement to apply.
Other leaders like Bah HS Shylla also encouraged the growth of the Hynniewtrep people.
As a sign of protest against the CAB in Meghalaya and to demand the implementation of the ILP in the State, the group will hold a rally at the Governor's residence in Shillong (Raj Bhawan) on at 2.00 pm.
“That Bah Sparlindro L. Marshilong together with the residents under his leadership went to close down the Mawthawpdah Presbyterian Upper Primary School and the Government Lower Primary School, Mawthawpdah. They have done this without the knowledge or authority of the Dorbar Shnong.
New York: The chief of ISIS militants has committed suicide by blowing himself up and killing his children after a surprise raid by US troops on his hideout.
Consolation prizes were also prepared for the winners of T.1,000/-, along with three Veterans (50+years).
The KSU said that the future of the country and the nation depends on the education we have but not on the number of paid. so that they can reap the fruits of their hard work and bring glory and honor to themselves, their families and the country and the nation.
Shillong: Out of the 30 lakh residents of Meghalaya, more than 19 lakh voters will elect two Members of Parliament (MPs) to the Lok Sabha from Shillong, one from Shillong Parliamentary constituency and one from Tura. Parliamentary constituency.
The team was led by Bah Bobby L Nongbet, who is the coach of the team.
Of these, 128 have been identified as SMB employees and 56 as employees of other Government departments.
The court will reconvene on June 16, 2023.
We must also remember that many colleges in Meghalaya are affiliated to NEHU, which is the Central University.
The deceased was identified as Phrang Kharsyntiew, 6 years old.
According to information received from the police, at about 1 pm, police seized a Sumo number ML10-A-2089 from Shangbangla. still under the jurisdiction of Nongpoh Police Station.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The President of the MPCC, Bah DD Lapang, on Tuesday said that the formation of four Congress blocks is on the basis of receiving sufficient evidence that the leaders of the party have been involved in the corruption. intentionally to destroy the party.
He said the Ministry of Home Affairs has not commented clearly on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
“We are nature lovers and my father wants to keep this tree,” said Yogesh Kesharwani, son, whose father built the house in help to give advice to an engineer.
The Tourism Department has not yet released any information to Laitkseh.
As we know that the State is home to many farmers, the farmers don't expect too much from the government, they do the farming because it is their own job, but they understand how to farm.
If cremation, installation of Lord Ganesha, following traditional religion is illegal or against freedom of worship then why can Christian Missionaries convert why Christian schools and colleges put statues of Jesus and preach Christianity in schools, why government offices put a picture of Jesus in their rooms, why North Eastern Hills University, which accepts everyone in their own faith, but there are still preaching activities on campus led by Christian leaders to attract people to their faith, why so many government vehicles They put up a statue and a picture of Jesus, why in every street and public place in Shillong a statue of Jesus Christ has been erected.
Shillong: The previous laws and regulations since the time of the Assam government in 1965 have allowed non-government teachers (Govt.
The age limit for the post of System Officer is 30-40 years as on the last date of submitting the application (15-11-2018).
It is learned that it was at 5 pm that these Assam government officials arrived at the village, who had also intended to destroy the top um, but at such a time. , the residents of the village, when they saw the arrival of the Assam government authorities and who went to the site of the building, came out in large numbers and protested against allowing these buildings. Government officials from Assam to demolish the Top Um.
It has worked with stakeholders such as – District Administration, DRDA, Municipal Corporations, NSS, Bharat Scouts & Guides and Youth Groups, Mahila Mandals, SHGs, Village Groups such as Rotary Clubs, Lions Clubs, Red Cross, Village Authorities and others working in districts and villages.
What I saw was that two of the five bodies belonged to children,” said Lim, adding that the most affected were children.
With the equalizer, Laitkor were encouraged to continue their game in the second half.
These office bearers and leaders of the UDP Umroi Circle, after leaving and dissolving the UDP Umroi Circle, have decided to support Bah Arbinus Lyngdoh, who is also the PDF candidate from Umroi. Constituency.
In this regard, many women from across the villages were also consulted, in which they expressed their dissatisfaction with the emphasis on counting jait on men.
This fruit contains antioxidants, antiviral and anti-tumor properties and is also said to be a good source of vitamins, especially vitamin A, vitamin C and vitamin E and folic acid.
This house is located in Wazirabad, New Delhi.
He was speaking at a meeting of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on the 17th of this month to demand a revision of the reservation policy in the state, held at the Additional Parking Lot, Secretariat.
The hard part is improving.
Conrad said the personal interview also helps to know more about the abilities and skills of the job seekers besides the examination.
For 300 lakh days, the total amount should amount to T.1190 crore, of which T.714 crore is for daily wages, while T.476 crore is for purchase of equipment. equipment used in the implementation of this scheme.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : The BJP has demanded the immediate resignation of the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui over the shooting death of three farmers in Mukroh by the Assam police this morning. 22nd of this month.
Jowai, June 21: The Voice of the People (VPP) on Thursday visited Amlarem West Jaintia Hills District to explain to the public about the reservation policy of the government. between the Garo and Khasi peoples.
Andhra Pradesh is expected to join the YSR Congress under the leadership of Jagmohan Reddy.
Ltd. is a company from Bangalore for the promotion of football and to showcase the talents of youth and children in which 51 teams from across the state came to take part. The men's tournament was divided into U-13 for men and U-16 for women and men.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said, “I would like to appeal to all commercial taxi companies not to take advantage just because of the current situation in the world. .
Therefore, I urge the leaders of the District to continue in their unity, so that Ri Bhoi can continue to move forward and bring benefits to the people of the District as a whole. added.
At these meetings, Conrad recalled the great deeds that Purno Sangma has done for the people of the North East.
However, the tournament has not been started yet due to disputes between the States Sports Council of Meghalaya and the Shillong Recreation Ground Trust (SRGT).
He also admitted that the government's vision on this issue is very narrow and many of the government's policies have not achieved their goals.
"Referring to the example of AIIM which has just opened in Guwahati, Bah Syiem said that many of the trained health workers, teachers from other parts of the North East have been trained in the field of health. called by the Government of Assam to serve the State.
This time, the festival will be held in Ri Bhoi district.
They are not stupid without understanding the law.
The number of patients has increased significantly in this health centre, and this is one of the reasons for the shortage of medicines, he added.
If the dumping of garbage continues from time to time, there is no doubt that these rivers will turn into the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers.
Dr. E. Challam, Additional District Medical and Health Officer, inaugurated the success of the Rashtriya Kishore Health Program (RKSK) scheme in the district.
Speaking to media on 1st October, 2024 after a meeting convened between the Chief Executive Members of the Hima Sohiong including the heads of the Hima, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that in He said that the Hima Nongwah-Mawtamur has been handed over to the Hima Jirang to manage the villages under the Hima Nongwah-Mawtamur. without the knowledge of the Sohiong Hima Dorbar.
He said that the reason why the robbers are no longer afraid of the police is that when the police have arrested them, they don't dare to shoot and beat them even if they commit a terrible crime.
The Synrai Dorbar of the State Assembly will be held from 15th to 22nd November
Now that the MDA government is trying to resolve this as much as possible, there are many issues where Assam has not been given the land that belongs to Meghalaya.
The Rangbah Shnongs said that this decision was taken on 05th November 2015 during the discussions between the SNSBH and the Prime Minister and his Ministers.
However, apart from the Don Bosco Training Institute, many other vocational trainings for youth have been handed over to foreign companies.
A person who has confessed his sins to God and been baptized with water and the Holy Spirit saves himself and can enter the Kingdom of God.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang expressed his satisfaction to see that the group has been able to celebrate its 10th anniversary since its inception with many achievements. to promote tourism in the district and other activities to preserve the environment.
The HSPDP candidate from Nongstoin said that the President of the party, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, is still in Nongstoin to campaign for the party. Nongstoiñ has been in Nongstoiñ for a month now and at the time of writing of this news he is still in Nongstoiñ.
Why didn't you complain, when it happened once, twice?” George said.
First, Caiaphas plainly states, "for your good"—meaning that if Jesus died it would be for the benefit of the Sadducees, scribes, and Pharisees, not the people of Israel.
He said that on average, 71 percent of those who have Aadhar have Aadhar, and if we take only children, it is very low.
Samla Dukini is the only one from Meghalaya who has passed the UPSC examination which is also the examination for the rank of IAS. She also urged the students to ask questions from her so that they can benefit especially those who have the intention to sit for the examination and those who want to become IAS officers.
Shillong, November 10: Ka Klesida Surong, Umsning Out Post, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the Umsning Out Post Police Station on the 7th of this month at 10 pm. She has killed her husband Havinson Khongsngi, 62, at her residence in Shngahkorkor-Ri-Bhoi district.
Aspire Meghalaya provides training to students in confidence, clarity, communication and the ability to move forward through various challenges and encounters. different (Emotional Resilience).
“The UDP has set a date to announce the names of the candidates who have been confirmed to get tickets from the party, but after the incident in Mukroh, it has postponed it,” he said. Well Titus.
Police recovered a 100 meter long wire and a 12 volt battery from the scene.
The Border Security Force (BSF) of Meghalaya from 4 Bn on the 2nd of this month seized clothes and cosmetics worth T.15 lakh from those who were trying to smuggle into Bangladesh.
However, it has not yet been resolved.
Then she said, “What do you think, Lanosha?
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, said that after receiving a tip on the presence of a group of drug traffickers named Mintu Das, , Victory Kr.
For example, the “Pnar language” has been replaced by the Sohra language.
“As supporters, we didn't think that Bah HM Shangpliang would be able to become a follower of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
However, unfortunately, until today, there is no legal lawful notification explaining the role and function of women and youth organizations in the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars. " he said.
The NPP held a program to welcome Ma Nehlang at the NPP headquarters in Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
The Indian Penal Code-1860, the Indian Citizenship Protection Act (CRC) of 1973 and the Bharatiya Sakshya Bill will replace the Indian Evidence Act of
Headingson Ryntathiang will also sing at the ceremony.
She urged the children to eat healthy foods such as fruits and vegetables, milk which improves bone health and to brush their teeth twice a day in the morning and before going to bed.
After his return from Kolkata, the HYC Umden Circle led by Samla Dobok Maiong as Vice President and in the presence of the President of the Meghalaya Kyokushin Karate Association, Bah Berin Klein, They went to welcome him in Guwahati and also in Nongpoh as a sign of pride in the honor brought by this young man.
The statement also acknowledged that the HNLC is no longer interested in peace talks with the government, as the government is still busy with peace talks with the newly born rebel groups in Garo Hills. .
This will gradually lead to the cleanliness of all streams and wells.
“She has been a great contributor to the nation and the state and therefore her work should not be underestimated and she has been very happy to get this job to serve the state. ", the petition added.
“I hope you will meet again one day,” said the mother. The clock had struck 10 o'clock and it was time to go to bed.
Prestone said the state government will take action against him as it has done against people who went to take part in the wedding ceremony and if found guilty of violating the rules and regulations. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will punish you.
He said that there will be a supervision of vehicles by the authorities of West Jaintia Hills District and if anyone violates, they will be punished with a fine according to the rules of law.
Nongstoiñ, June 16: The suspension of the implementation of the Mahatma National Rural Employment Grant Scheme in many villages under different Block Offices of West Khasi Hills has surprised the people.
Shillong, July 28: The Congress party has now nominated Daryl William Cheran Momin, son of Captain William Sangma, for the upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections.
According to the rules implemented through the notification dated 15.01.2016 issued under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, environmental clearance is required when operating coal in a large area.
Banks and savings banks inside and outside India which these two brothers had taken money in the name of Meghalaya were also destroyed.
The union will also hold a poetry writing, drawing and coloring competition at the Pdengshnong Dorbar Hall from 1:00pm-2:00 pm and schools are requested to send 2 participants for each competition.
Police have arrested him inside the traffic booth and informed Pasteur BH. At that time, another friend of him, Latti M Marak, who had been arrested, shot dead the policeman. police have arrested both suspects.
Amlarem Police after investigating the Nigerians and the driver of the Alto found that there were three others who were state residents who helped smuggle the Nigerians into the country.
It is witnessed that during the hearing, there was a sudden outage of electricity while the court was hearing the case. The CJ heard him ask, 'Is this a crime?' The first hearing also included a power outage while the CJ was issuing the order.
“Now that I am the Vice President of Shillong City, Mawlai is under my jurisdiction, we will elect a new party. All the office bearers from the Block and Women's Congress in Mawlai have been arrested,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Shillong, July 18: The body of a man named Sarkar Paul, 38, resident of Lawmali, Shillong, has been found on Tuesday morning. Polo, Shillong.
Shillong: Thousands of people from Shillong have joined the Peace Rally organized by the Catholic Association of Shillong (CAS) to appeal to the President of India Droupadi Murmu to take action to end the peace rally. There is no conflict in Manipur.
You should not only focus on those exercises but should also include other exercises and Asanas such as Vakrasana which helps you to relax and restore your body.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on November 6, 2013, urged the authorities of NEIGRIHMS to allow the indigenous people of the state to write. examinations according to their wishes.
KHNAM MDC Adelbert Nongrum is in the middle.
However, other reports said that so far there has been no update from Sheikh Jassim and no time has been fixed for the next steps.
The factory, which was closed down by the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP), is a factory known as Resource Rubber Private Limited, located in Mawsmai village. rubber (Rubber).
He said that as of now, many people use the road from Warmawsaw, Umsohbar and so on to Assam. strictly travel and especially to fight with foreigners.
Shillong Lajong FC will prepare for their I-League match against Rajasthan United FC on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
Shillong, July 19: On the day of last month, this reporter had the opportunity to talk to the leaders of the Seng Bhalang Islam, Shillong on the issue of marriage law.
However, the employees of the bank told them to bring the NOC from the Sordar of Raid Madan Kyrdem to get the passbook.
In Ribhoi District, 18 cases have been confirmed, in South West Garo Hills, 13 cases and in South West Garo Hills, 12 cases have been confirmed.
He gave examples of other jobs such as shñiuh and cattle breeding that the youth can take up.
Mairang, July 16: Rainbow Rose CSC Mairang on the 13th of this month held a ceremony to award certificates to 58 youths who have completed the Free Basic Computer Course Training for 10 months. In total, 300 students attended the training and for those who did not pass, the examination will be held again.
Shillong: A team of Intellectually Disabled (ID) and Multiple Disabled (MD) consisting of 6 members will be played tomorrow in the 1st Division. The Meghalaya Parents Association (MEPAD) has performed the Shad Suk Mynsiem at Balayogi Auditorium, Parliament House New Delhi on the 23rd of this month. July 19, 2019.
Speaking at the 25th Anniversary of IIT Guwahati today, the Vice President said that the Directive Principles of State Policy (DPSP) are 'key to the governance of the country' it is the responsibility of the Government to translate these into regulations.
It is worth mentioning that regarding the demand for the repair of this road, we have been informed from time to time by the residents who used to walk but until now no one has believed us.
During this festival, the office of the SDO (Civil) will use all its strength and skills to establish a cause that will once again revive Sohra, the land of the 'tiewkhah-u tiew pawang lum, the land of the bird. -The country of music, the country of self-esteem, the country of dignity, the country of fish, the country of fish, the country of soh-u pai, the land of Khasi culture as written by our great poet Tham Sauce.
The list was announced at a rally entitled “Stronger Together” held at the Polo Ground and was attended by tens of thousands of people.
Explaining why the Seng has opposed the introduction of the railway line in the area, Bah Lyngdoh said that the Jaintia Hills District Autonomous Council has so far failed to pass laws to prevent people from entering the area. to empower the Dorbar Shnongs to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the villages.
“For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.” Matthew 5:18 “But unless your righteousness surpasses that of the scribes and Pharisees, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven” Matthew 5:2
It is worth mentioning that after the approval by the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States to make Hindi a Compulsory Subject in Schools, there has been strong opposition from the political parties in the state.
Speaking to other farmers from Laitkyrhong, they said that they have already prepared the hill and all that remains is to plant, but the problem they are facing is “Even if we plant, the rice and jhur will not grow,” said one longkmie. Another longkmie from Mawpynthih said, “We have planted all these trees. Urea, SSP and other fertilizers from the government, we don't know how to do anything without fertilizer,” she said.
Bah MG Kharshanlor, said that it is necessary to encourage such players, who have gone to compete abroad along with bringing the title of victory and which has brought fame not only to the country. the state but the country as well.
The union urges the government to take action to protect the land from being bought by other ethnic groups.
Shillong, Lber 27: Leaders of HANM Women Wings led by Bity Jyrwa President and B.Sungoh General Secretary on Tuesday visited the residence of Shailinia Kharrymba to express their condolences. They expressed their condolences to the family for this tragic incident.
Shillong, March 3: The Casual Employees of MeECL in their meeting held in the past few days have decided to hold a three day strike from from the 8th to the 10th of this month.
If we don't open our eyes and live in peace, instead of politics, the way to save us, it will become a poison to kill us.
“We demand that the Government should appoint a team of inquiry to find out the truth about today's incident and to punish the Police or Magistrates who have been authorized to fire tear gas at the teachers and children. HYC General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said in a statement that such incidents will not happen again.
In the middle of a spectacular match, Kynton U Mon opened the scoring in the 12th minute through N.Bareh.
Diskolan Rani, who was charged under Sections 307 IPC and 326 IPC, but was acquitted under Section 307 IPC (attempted murder), was convicted under Section 326 IPC. Under Section 326 IPC, Diskolan Rani has been sentenced to imprisonment for up to 10 years and a fine of T.40,000 thousand. and if he does not pay the amount, the Court shall extend his imprisonment for another year.
The total turnout was 85,701 or 83.45 percent.
Dr Kharlukhi said that there are many issues that need to be discussed and he will speak at the MDA meeting and also at the meetings of various political parties.
State and Government of India offices have been allowed to open at 30 percent capacity and banks and post offices have been allowed to open, but staff must be reduced and banks must be closed. at 4 pm and post offices will be closed at 2 pm.
In the Under-17 Boys category, Sawlyngdoh HSS beat Dongïurim SSA U/P & RMSA School 7-0
Shillong, Jymmang 22: MeCEL has resumed power cuts from Tuesday despite having suspended the power cuts in the past few days.
Moses Lyngdoh, one of the prominent leaders of East Jaintia Hills, was the chief guest while Meliyo Lyngdoh was the symbud chief guest.
He said that these equipments were given to those who came to train at the shlem, on the basis of encouraging them to continue in their own jobs, so that they do not lose the skills they have acquired. through this shlem and to learn to stand on their own feet to start their own business.
However, this time, the Congress has decided to look for a candidate who is more educated, intelligent and who has a better relationship with the voters of the area.
The website also shows the rules for online examinations, video and text documents.
Regarding the order issued by the court, it was learned that some of them have not been involved with the Sengbhalang for about 10 years now and have left their membership. their members from the organization.
The leaders of HANM, Western Ri Bhoi together with members of the Raid Warmawsaw-Umsohbar have also left to stop the government's construction of the road. The site of the construction of this road is still in Meghalaya under the Warmawsaw-Umsohbar Raid of Nongspung Hima in Ri Bhoi District.
“As the party we will remind them of what they have promised and if they don't do it we are ready because it is no longer the time to promise in writing and to deliver once every five years”.
All the members including the opposition agreed to oppose the UCC which should be implemented only in the north and not within the boundaries of District Councils or in the Sixth Schedule areas.
God's dwelling place is the Eternity of the Future. That is what the Apostle Paul said – “Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath spoken of. and these are the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.1 Corinthians 2:9
Shillong, Naitung 31 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday said that the Meghalaya government is ready to issue cashless health cards to all government employees.
It can be said that the French have not conquered our country and therefore the management of the land or the forest continues as usual.
Sadio Mane scored in the 51st minute and Mohammed Salah in the 51st minute, while Raheem Sterling scored for Manchester City in the 15th minute. Gabriel Jesus in the 90th minute, while Luka Milivojevic scored for Palace in the 81st minute.
Following the protests, the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has passed the Meghalaya Employment Bill 1980 and according to this bill, foreigners and foreigners cannot come to work or contract in the state without the permission of the government. and the Government shall not grant permission to foreign barriers if there are natives who are able to do that work.
When asked where the government will get the funds to build the house, Conrad said the government will seek funds from the central government, itself and will also take funds from various sources.
[read also page 5]
First, don't talk about the risk of rabies, the risk of infection with animals that have rabies.
Sainbor Pumpkin 7.
The Citizenship Amendment Act is a law that will admit Hindu, Sikh, Jain, Christian and Buddhist refugees from Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh as citizens of India.
When politics changes, the soul changes.
They also seized a purse containing money and ID, ATM, photograph and other documents of an SF-10 Police Officer.
What is needed is an SPV like Lafarge.
This is true not only in the Pynursla area, but also in other areas, including East Khasi, Jaintia and others.
On the same basis, the punishment according to the law should be followed by those who are clean in any way, at any time or in any place! Without the need to explain, you will find for yourself these shortcomings (and also the forty kinds of lyngkhum) in the Khasi grammar. The personal pronoun here is a tribute to God who is great, but this is wrong or wrong according to the Khasi custom.
He also alleged that it is the protection of Bah Sanbor Shullai against foreigners just because of his vote during the elections.
She knows very well that in India, if she wants to whiten the red, or to whiten the white, she can because she holds the power in the Central Government in Delhi.
World Rabies Day was celebrated as an opportunity to raise awareness among the public to prevent the spread of rabies around the world.
In this regard, one of the Union Ministers, Sarbananda Sonowal, who is also the BJP leader, today left for Jirang constituency to campaign for the party candidate Riya Sangma.
He said that tobacco is contaminated with many types of chemicals such as nicotine, formaldehyde and others which can cause cancer if the users do not control and about 59 types of chemicals which can cause cancer. cancer is mixed in the smoke.
This song has also been a great medicine during the Covid19 pandemic and around the world it has been witnessed that people, and especially healthcare workers are dancing, dancing and dancing with hope in Master KG's voice is heard.
He said that like humans, plants also need vitamins to grow and develop and because they can no longer get cow's milk. We need to use these chemicals like vermi compost, multi plex and others so that the plants grow and grow well.
Therefore, to avoid these, the people should ask the authorities in charge of this scheme so that they can explain,” he said.
Therefore, the union and the fish vendors have decided to meet the Commissioner of Food Safety today for more clarification.
The victory came after Ïalong Secondary School beat Ladthadlaboh Secondary School 1-0
That's what the party conditions are.
U Bah Shangpliang appealed to the people to give their support so that the film industry in the state can develop.
He said that the parking lot has caused a lot of traffic jam, which has caused a heavy traffic jam at the area, which is located near Dawki village, where ambulance vehicles have also been parked. D Khongthohrem, President and M Khonglaban, Secretary of the union from Lapalang, said in a statement.
Shillong, Nailar 03 : The Meghalaya Open Men's Invitational Boxing Night (GHBCOM) will start on Friday (4-08-2022) at Mawlai Mawroh. Indoor Sports Hall, Basketball Court.
Strata : the strata is the syrtap in its own rank.
“However, suddenly on Friday, the Dolloi has informed the Rangbah Shnong that there will be no election of a new Rangbah Shnong,” said the incumbent Rangbah Shnong, Robi Suchiang. members and Executive Members.
Last month, the KSU has distributed foodgrains to 26 households in Pyndengumjarain, 15 households in Marshan and 8 households in Domiasiat, South West Khasi Hills District. The union also urges the government authorities to expedite the distribution of assistance to all the unemployed, NREGS workers and others as the government has promised to provide assistance.
Badapjied KurkalangWhen I walk up and down or when I look at the articles in the newspapers, I see and hear the voices of the people whether in the city or in the countryside as well.
Arun said that Ardent also accused the Union of Village Authorities of Village Authorities by saying that it was their wisdom that MUDA was able to enter Laitkor. “I have finished speaking, he said, “I have finished without allowing the people to speak and he immediately fled the Dorbar,” said Bah Arun.
These foreigners were arrested by the union under the leadership of Education Secretary Robin N Nongrem and General Secretary Kharjutang K Syntiew.
I would also like to thank you all for encouraging me to fight for the country and the nation. Thank you very much and God bless you all. Therefore, we strongly urge as one nation to stand together.
Some villages in West Khasi Hills District are still under quarantine because some of them have gone to other villages in West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, November 9: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) has decided to hold a meeting on the 12th of this month to express its anger against the state government for its discrimination in the distribution of salaries. Shillong, November 9: Shillong, November 9: The Minister of Finance (Establishment), Meghalaya has lodged an FIR against the police. According to a report sent by the CID/ACB, an FIR has been lodged against Daniel N Sangma, Account Officer, Executive Engineer, Water Resource Division, PHE. to release their bill.
Shillong, Naitung, 12: The North Eastern Hills University Teachers Association (NEHUTA) has announced that it will hold a Peace March on the 14th of this month to demand the Central Government to restore peace and stability in the country. Manipur has suffered terrible bloodshed.
It is by doing this that we can fulfill our duty in our family and develop our nation.
When asked about the assistance he has received from the government or government departments in charge of such projects, Bah Gilbil Syngkli said that he has not yet received any assistance from the government. The Department of Handicraft or Industries and from time to time he has been looking for assistance, but they have not found any assistance. he added that he has earned his living by doing handicrafts.
Shillong: Following the increasing number of roadside collapses due to the spraying of herbicide by muster rolls on the roadsides from Mawpran, Nongsder and Pynter; KSU Nongsder Unit has sent a complaint to the SDO of Shillong South Sub-Division PWD (Roads), Pynursla to immediately ban the muster rolls to treat the garbage along the roads.
The man is suspected to have been murdered and police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The Kailashahar Municipal Council also held a rally.
He said that this has created problems for the youths who are addicted to drugs because they have to go to the places of non-governmental groups, it is too late and Shillong is too far from other places.
“They said they saw some people running behind the office.
Don Shylla, one of the leading supporters of the UDP, who came out to rejoin the Congress, said that he came to support Bah J.A Lyngdoh because he is a humble and kind person. and also ready to follow in the footsteps of (L) Bah Friday Lyngdoh and (L) WHD Syngkon.
You must do something about our demand," she said.
“On the 18th of February, 2011, they cut off my neck, they removed all the bones, the bones, I stayed there for a month, but I didn't get any help, just removed the drips. “I feel like I'm going to die,” said Dr. Syiem.
Speaking to media, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh said that his decision to take this step is to bring back those who have become addicted to alcohol to a new life.
NewDelhi, Naitung 26: After the controversy over the remarks of Raj Babar, the Congress spokesperson in Mumbai, that he can eat only T.12 tyngka, the actor today expressed his regret. the words which thou hast spoken.
He said that six teams of the special task force have been divided to conduct the inspection and each team includes officials from the Forest Department, a Magistrate, officials from JHADC and officials from MeECL. Almost all these illegal factories have been cut off from the electricity supply and have been shut down.
When asked whether his decision was based on doubts, he said, “Let them find out whether I have doubts and if they accuse me of anything, I don't feel anything because I understand there is a need for this.” .
The award includes a cash prize of Rs 10 lakh, a Citation and a Memento.
It will take time because it is a difficult task,” said the Additional Chief Secretary.
In this regard, for the sake of the development and benefit of the district as a whole, the JSU expresses its strong opposition to the government's plan to dismiss the current DC who has been in office for only a few months. District.
He said that the people will be able to express themselves better by reading these three languages ​​and added that this era has come.
Shillong, Nailur: The Provisional Service of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Central Synod will be held on the 25th of this month.
However, once again the same disease has struck, although there have been warnings from scientists that the disease will come again and now it has found us like this and we can say that we have not prepared anything.
At this meeting, no decision was taken on this issue as these factories do not have to pay the price set by the government because the transportation of trucks is according to the market price. The market price increases, the price increases and if the price decreases, the price of the car also decreases.
Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital was opened on 25th October 1922 and on 25th October 2022 it turned 100 years old. The opening ceremony was postponed to 4th November 2022 due to the outbreak of COVID-1
The resignation came a few days after Bah Ernest Mawrie said that the leaders in Delhi will decide whether he will continue to hold the post of President.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that the state health department is investigating thoroughly into the case of a man over 60 years old. He was born in Umsamlem village in Ribhoi district.
This can be seen in many of the parties that have disappeared in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the President of the BJP Mahila Meghalaya Mandal, Kong Pelcy Snaitang, said that so far there are about 20,000 women who have joined the BJP in the state. The mandal was established in all the constituencies.
She also demanded that MeECL officials should be punished for not taking responsibility for the work and to inspect the transformers regularly to ensure that they are safe.
Adelbert also urged the government not to call the area Punjabi Line, Harijan Colony or Sweeper Lane, but should be called by the residents of Mawlong Market.
The question is for us now? What kind of consumers do we want to be? Those who buy without thinking or consumers who care about how it will affect the environment? Friends, I urge you to be thoughtful buyers before buying plastic.
Besides, he said that the price of electricity to purchase at this time is very high, besides the State has been buying at a higher price for many years.
After the flag raising ceremony, the youths had the opportunity to visit the Christian families in Barato village to meet and pray with the believers of the church in this village.
Shillong: The Ministry of Railways (MoR) in consultation with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) and the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has decided to resume services. Passenger trains will be operated from 12th June, 2020 in a regular manner.
However, in this case, the focus will be on the election of the Leader to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
“Bah Hek cannot put himself as prime minister if the BJP wins because the BJP is a national party and it is not the party of Bah Hek alone,” he said. news after the registration.
Meghalaya almost reached the target after Phawa lost a wicket but Meghalaya completed and reached the target in 18.2 overs.
Customize:In the Khasi society, land is divided between men and women.
That is our concern.
Besides, Bah Singh included another part of the traditional art of the area, in which he handed over to the Union of Barikor, the Riti Academy to train in the field of writing, as part of the show.
The Minister in charge of the department, Bah Alexander L Hek, in the presence of Dr Manjunatha C, Secretary, Dr A Laloo, Director, and others. others.
Shillong, March 10: More than 200 students of Tonic Solfa, Ksing and Duitara and others have been honored at the 9th Convocation of the KJP Youth Assembly at on Saturday.
According to the arrested Bangladeshis, a Bangladeshi named Farukh who lives in Sherpur, Bangladesh sent them to smuggle into parts of India.
He urged the youth not to take advantage of such times especially in drunkenness by asking for money from the candidates, but as the youth they should have a big role to play chess. to the evil works.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit has expressed its gratitude to the DMHO and the health department for the appointment of doctors at Nangbah PHC. “We have met with the DMHO and after a while he has appointed another doctor to look after the PHC. care.
Shillong: The Minister of Rural Development, Bah Hamlet Dohling, today informed the House that the remaining funds to be released by the Central Government to the State for the year 2020 has reached Rs 342 crore. -21 for the latest equipment charges of the hundred days wage scheme.
Recent orders of this court have shown that there is a strict rule that allows mining if coal is found suddenly.
Furthermore, Bah Warlarpih said that the Association has decided to stop the purchase of cows from Khanapara market and to temporarily stop the sale of meat in the state. and will investigate those involved in the illegal export of cattle.
Tynsong said the MDA will hold a meeting tomorrow to discuss the presidential election to be held on the 18th of this month.
The Congress leader said the CAG Report in 2021 has shown that there has been misuse of Rs 149 crore in connection with the implementation of the Saubhagya Scheme. to the countryside.
After several hours with the help of the residents of UUmñiuhha together with the SDRF Police, the remains of the man were recovered at about 10 pm this morning.
The song will be released on the 30th November 2016 at 10pm.
Besides, many others have been left without doing anything else and this has been a great loss to the residents of the area.
He said the people have the right to demand their own Garo state which is within the boundaries of the Constitution.
In a statement, the NPP said, “The AITC leaders during their tenure from 2010 to 2018 have not understood the plight of the farmers and have ignored them.
This increase in population will also result in more food availability.
The best thing now is for the central government to intervene in the state to resolve this issue.
In the final match, Kiang Nangbah Government HSS continued to win the title by beating Seinraij HSS 2-0 17 Boys' – Thangbuli HSS vs Nartiang Presbyterian HSS Ummulong vs Lumpyrtuh SS Under 14 Boys' – Amwi Jarain SS vs Jaintia HSS. Politics doesn't interest you.
He said that the state government should write to the Indian government to issue visas immediately to foreigners who want to attend the pomblang festival.
He said the General Council of the UDP has also taken a decision to demand the use of Secret Ballots in Meghalaya and the North Eastern States. You have applied to the Election Commission.
East Khasi Hills is one of the districts with the highest crime rate, where in just three years, between 2020 and 2023, 5196 crime cases have been registered.
UDP leader from Ranikor, Bah Pius Marwein, who is also a candidate in the last election, said that they have met with UDP president Dr Donkupar Roy yesterday to seek clarification on the issue. the election in Ranikor.
This will also be for Bike Taxis.
These youths sent a message that it is not allowed to throw garbage without finding it and urged everyone to keep the environment clean to avoid any problems and diseases.
Therefore, to avoid these problems, try to drink chrysanthemum tea for a healthy body.
The head of the resurrected beast means that world rulers like Nero will appear before the beginning of the 1,000 years.
Shillong, March 06: The Meghalaya Kickboxing Organization (MAKO) has once again under the leadership of the founder of Kick Boxing in Meghalaya, Bah Donny Ranee and Kong Bajoplin Kharmudai as Team Manager, brought glory to the state by winning medals in the National Kickboxing Championship held at the Multipurpose Sports Hall, Parade Ground, Dehradun-Uttarakhand.
He said that the number of farmers in the state has exceeded 10 lakh 59 thousand farmers and he expects to increase to 2 lakh farmers registered with the HFU. They should have their own office so that if they have any problems they can inform the leaders.
One of the political tactics of this MUA-II Government led by politicians is to make popular or put turoi the work in front of the public, especially the students of Class-XII. who will turn 18 years old from this year and will soon be registered on the Electoral Roll as new voters.
Seeing the action of the MDA government of Conrad Sangma, the protesters were shocked because they were waiting for the government's measures.
They also said that for the people of Umsiang, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, has worked hard and has brought about development projects which have benefited the people of Umsiang, in which One of the examples is after he was able to complete the road from Umsiang which connected many villages to Amdubighat and Amphreng.
The letter directed the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills and Mikir and North Cachar to jointly secure the uncertain boundary.
According to an RTI received from the office of the Food and Civil Supplies Department, the NFSS has been implemented since June 2016 across the state.
In Nongstoiñ, the two rivers between the town, the Nonbah and Nondeiñ rivers, have flooded again this time, which has severely affected those especially the houses on the banks of the rivers.
Nongkrem MLA and President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, on Tuesday said that if the talks with the government on the restructuring of the employment quota are not successful, he will continue. enough of the throng.
Abhishek also expressed his pleasure to host the event and meet his fans in Abu Dhabi.
“On the resignation of the two independent MLAs, he said that a political war has started.
Khongsit said the Prime Minister has promised to discuss this issue at a special meeting today to ensure that there will be no traffic jam in the vehicles carrying agricultural products from the state.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong (Rangbah Shnong), Lucas immediately convened a meeting to re-elect the working committee of his village where Thiej Dkhar was elected as the Deputy Waheh Shnong and Kworly Rymbai. Iaikiewbha Rymbai as General Secretary and Almeki Shylla as Assistant General Secretary.
We hope this will be the perfect step on how to focus even better for this treatment," he adds.
He said that for two years, the blang has not been cut for two years including this time.
Speaking to media, the shopkeepers in front of the Civil Hospital Shillong said that the government's closure of shops has affected their income. cut off all the shops.
“Therefore, the time has come for the Government to set up a Cell to combat corruption in the employment sector as it is the duty of the Government to eradicate corruption by introducing laws. “It is not the duty of the Legislator to sit in the Secretariat or the Assembly and worry about whether the tender has gone well or where to set up the tax collection gate.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner & Chairman of DDMA, East Khasi Hills District, has informed that due to the outbreak of Cyclone Sitrang and the forecast of the Meteorological Department, there will be heavy rainfall in the area. Schools in East Khasi Hills District will be closed tomorrow, 25th March.
Iakai said that in the past years, there have been riots, fear and violence due to the excessive drinking and rude language from his foreign supporters. /hundreds of candidates who have been able to enter other constituencies or villages.
The collection of this book will also be one of the most valuable collections in the state, and the publication will be an important milestone in the history of Manipur.
You slaves who have not yet reached the X category, don't be afraid to insult the brothers and sisters who have seen the sun and the moon for the first time and who have understood or experienced (Ex) in many fields.
Our Seng wishes to wish these unions all the best so that their services to the society will continue.
It was in this election that the voice of the people won and elected Lephing Pyrtuh as the Waheh Shnong of the Dorbar Shnong Sohmynting.
Speaking to media, Bah Pyngrope said he would hold discussions on this issue with the party leaders.
This has severely affected their livelihood, as they come to sell and buy rwing only to get food and clothes for their children.
Prestone said that the bridge was closed in 2019 for reconstruction and the delay in completion of the construction is due to many reasons including the outbreak of Covid-19, which has severely affected the bridge. progress of various development projects in the State.
Everything was a mess.
It is something to remember him specially on this day because we have received the signs which are like the introduction of the signs which are like the introduction of the state to the world.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has not yet approved the proposal of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) that the common symbol of all its candidates should be but on Thursday all 18 candidates of the VPP have received the prah as a shab to contest the election.
If this is the case, it clearly shows that the leaders are indeed blind and deaf and irresponsible for the benefit of the people.
The youngest had his own change and so did Bhalang and his family.
The EC Members of the Circle have elected all the Presidents, Secretaries, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Treasurers of the four Units to be the full members of the ECs of the Circle.
Rikut is the leader of the JSU and is responsible for bringing the Jaintia language within the jurisdiction of the JHADC.
The union has also sent a copy of the letter to the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) Khliehriat. , on 29th July 2013, sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of PWD Roads Khliehriat and directed the department to take the necessary action to repair the Ladrymbai-Jalyiah By pass. Jowai, Naitung 08: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil), Amlarem Sub-Division has informed according to the notification issued by the Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate on Change and also from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD on 15.06.2022 as part of the campaign to stop the use of plastic bags under the Plastic Waste Management (Amendment) Rules,
Furthermore, to be cooperative and understanding citizens not only with fellow citizens but also with government authorities and managers for the better.
Earlier, the President of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that the party had expected to win about 15-17 MLAs but they won only 11 MLAs.
“We heard about this incident through the media and I was sent here to inspect the area.
The village authority has already lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Jaintia Hills in February 2022, but the DC's office has not taken any action.
The Shillong Peak Ropeway Project will be launched by the State Tourism Department and will build a road from Shillong Viewpoint (Upper Terminal) to Forest Nursery at Riat Laban (Lower Terminal).
To remember Father Stan, we must also think seriously and demand the repeal of the UAPA, AFSPA, MPDA and the Sedition Act in the Indian Penal Code.
He said that out of all these accidents, only one person was injured, some of them were seriously injured and some of them were slightly injured, but no one was injured. there were four who died.
Pangniang said that when they tried to consult with other parties, they found that they had disappeared.
Khliehriat, Nailar 25: The Topcem Employees Association (TEA) on Thursday demanded the suspension and immediate dismissal of two foreign employees of M/s Meghalaya Cements. Limited, Thangskai on Friday for using insulting words and inciting the police to throw sticks at the protesters who opposed the Public Hearing of M/s Meghalaya Cements Limited, Thangskai on Friday.
The Crystal Gayle Kharnaior Memorial Award 2023 was awarded to Bah Ïan Lyngdoh Nongkynrih for his book on the hundreds of bridges to Ri-War and on TV. A day in the village is not broadcast at the Doordarshan Kendra.
“In the MP and MLA elections there is a difference, in the MLA elections about 80 percent vote for the person and in the MP elections they vote for the party,” he said. that it has branches in all the villages".
And it will begin with a peace treaty between Israel, the Arab kingdoms, and the beast (the man of sin).2 Thessalonians 2:4
And he said unto them, “We want to know how many students did well in mathematics (before it was made an optional paper) and how many students refused to take the subject mathematics.
This handbag fell or was lost inside a taxi from Iongpiah to Lad Wah Nangbah, Iawmusiang Jowai at 8 AM.
The fighting between Hamas and Israel began on March 7 last year after Hamas militants launched an attack on Israel by firing hundreds of rockets at once. ther only Israel.
East Khasi Hills has 312 cases, Diengpasoh 3, High Risk 164, Iewduh 2, ILI 74, Lumparing 6, Mawlai 9, Pynursla 1, Rynjah 4, 10 foreign cases , among others.
“They are involved, they can deny but it is the truth,” said the MLA. the issue has always been raised with the warning that it will reach the debt and now it has reached.
The union raised the question of the loss of the sharak distributors, the difficulty of the people to take sharak, the difficulty of the village leaders to explain to the people in the villages.
The order was issued after the PIL petitioner Shailendra Kumar Sharma, who does not claim to be a public figure and has spoken on many issues related to the environment, brought forward facts related to the environment. the operation of dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
After conducting an investigation, the union demanded that the police should immediately arrest the people involved in the shooting and beating of the truck driver and expel him from the truck. this is the place where they work.
He said the Congress is confident that it will win again from Shillong although it will depend on the decision of the people.
The Chief Secretary Dr. Jenny V. Basai Wawmoit, who represented Bansara Eye Hospital, said that 80 percent of the eye diseases are curable. blind relaxed her especially when active all day.
Although our State has many mountains, we must remember that trees or mountains are not forests and without forests our life will be dark. suffering, and sorrowful.
He said that since 2016, the civil society has opposed the bill and has already opposed it in writing to the Joint Parliament Committee (JPC) when they came to Shillong but they have not listened.
Nongpoh, Nailar 07: A day after a landslide on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District, Shangbangla Village, another landslide occurred on Saturday night. Umdihar on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi.
Former Minister of State and BJP MLA from South Shillong constituency Bah Sanbor Shullai has admitted that about 30% of the voters in South Shillong constituency did not go to vote because of the lack of voters. Lotus' in the EVM.
“We don't even have a playground, the tennis court at the government Polo is not suitable for playing and for this reason, we have requested the ground from the Shillong Club,” said the officials. Max Cement has donated T.1 lakh while Star Cement has donated T.35,0
Sohra received the title again with a 48 hour (two days) rainfall of 2 493 millimeters (98.15 inches).
Mary and Joseph, the mother and father of Jesus, were citizens of Palestine under foreign rule, the Roman Empire.
After the filing of nomination papers, TMC President Charles Pyngrope said, “I am grateful to the people who came to join me even though I didn't have any proposals.
The Meghalaya Economic Development Council (MEC), which is supposed to lead and direct the government to bring about development projects, has not held meetings for three years. expenses again go.
Shillong: There have been 101 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 169 recoveries have been made today.
She said that the actions of Bah Pynshngaiñ have put pressure on the PDF in the MDC elections and she said that the PDF does not have the courage to speak out against the actions of Bah Pynshngaiñ alone.
Police conducted a mock drill at Don Bosco Square this afternoon to see how quickly they can remove the threat of a bomb blast before it explodes.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), one of the first political parties to appear in the 2014 MP elections in the state, has started campaigning for the 2018 elections.
“Before the postponement of the elections due to the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, the wind was blowing differently, but now it has changed especially after we have seen the results of the elections in the state,” said one of the officials. , who cannot reveal what that change is.
“Don't be misled because some politicians use and remember that we are the 6th Schedule when the coal ban is affected, but forget to remember the word 6th Schedule when the people demand and shout And so the people said to Elijah, "The people live happily on the land, but the water is dirty and turned bih" and Elijah told them to bring milk to the well. , and poured the salt into the water, and said, “Take it, keep it, and use it, for this water has brought forty healings” -II Kings 2:19-22 ( King James Version)" concluded the statement.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Working President of the WJDSA EMH Passah in the presence of the District Sports Officer (DSO) Khroobok Passah, Vice President of the WJDSA Patrick Lamare, members and leaders. the WJDSA and others.
(Correct me if I'm wrong).
He said that this initiative will bring many benefits to the environment.
Mylliem beat Mawkynrew 2-0 in the men's category.
Shillong, Jymmang, 25: The Shillong Police on Saturday removed all the posters that were posted on all the roads in Shillong after the end of the election campaign hours, before the 48th. to reach the polling day on the 27th of June.
Human life on earth has an end and that is death.
Pyrsad means that the lyer on the umsha is quickly stirred.
Holger Rune (DEN) 304610.
On this occasion, the chief guest hoisted the flag of the team and at the same time he also kicked the ball which was a sign of the opening of the day.
It may be recalled that the Khasi Jaintia Deficit Teachers Association (KJDSTA) and the GHDSTEA have been demanding from time to time from the government to take over the teaching profession. They face regularly such issues as non-payment of salaries, medical reimbursements, pensions and others by the government.
“Well, we didn’t get a promise in writing.
At the same time, he said that the road which has been built to the outskirts of Mawphanlur village as it is still a dirt road, needs to be repaired and if the government wants to promote tourism it should turn its attention. lem in connection with this road.
Shillong, July 08 : The Forest and Environment Department of the State Government is now preparing to relocate all the animals and birds in Phan Nonglait Park, popularly known as Lady Hydari Park. Shillong.
According to the EM, the EC under his leadership will not forgive foreigners who do business without a trading license from the Council.
The SPL will continue on the second day between Mawlai SC and Shillong Lajong FC. Mawlai started with a win while Shillong Lajong lost.
The number of suspects arrested is 14 in 2007, 67 in 2008, 41 in 2009, 78 in 2010, 57 in 2011, 92 in 2012, 75 in arrested until October 31,
However, the MDA government has recently started allowing foreign pharmaceutical companies to sell 40 types of fertilizers and pesticides.
To those who have power, they do and change as they please.
According to a notice issued on 6th June, the Special Officer, JHADC has directed all permit holders to register on 7th June from 11 AM to 3 PM at her office.
The people should not misunderstand because on my part, as President I don't know anything but it is only the defection of some supporters of the UDP (under the leadership of Bah Medal Sing Lyngdoh).
Recently, I launched a scheme to empower women to donate T.5,000 to open a bank account.
Condemning the Governor's action, Dr Mukul asked the Governor, “Will a person who holds the highest position in the country as the Governor of the state, publish such a news that will bring about the division among the inhabitants of the country".
“The money laundering has been going on since the time of our ancestors, this is no different but now the people should understand the need for development projects to bring about change,” he said. Bah WankitCopper.
Shillong, Naitung 23: After a heavy search operation for more than a year, the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today arrested Signal Ch.
“Now you don't know whether your neighbor is a true Indian or not,” he said.
At the same time, he demanded that the government should release the scholarships of the students in time for their benefit.
He said that Rs 19,100 crore includes the improvement and expansion of 14 hospitals in Assam, the construction of roads in Meghalaya like Shillong-Dawki, the construction of a Hydro Electric Power Station in Meghalaya and Tripura and Mizoram.
In view of the target of the scheme, 11 projects worth T.1503.44 crore including 7 projects announced in the 2022-2023 budget have been selected for release. for the fiscal year 2022-2
Justice Kharsyiemlieh spoke on the jurisdiction of the District Council Courts over the tribals in the implementation of the Civil Procedure Code, appeals, petitions and orders and other tribal procedures. according to the riti and dustur.
In another development, Benjamin Netanyahu has declared martial law in the city of Lod since last night after a synagogue and 30 vehicles were burnt down.
There are eight major hospitals in Shillong and these are Civil Hospital, Ganesh Das Hospital, NEIGRHMIS, Robert Hospital, Nazareth Hospital, Woodland Hospital, Bethany Hospital and Supercare Hospital.
At the meeting, it was decided by the voice of the people to give time to the Government to implement the demands of the Federation to increase the deficit of all Adhoc Schools from LP to Hr.Secodary Schools. deadline, to be achieved, by 30June 2024.
From Arunachal Pradesh, Laa Tukum, Dolma Tamang, Nikhil Chetry, Pinky Karki, Taring Yania and Sonam Tamang are the winners.
But if you are wrong now, you will be fine.
There were 8 contestants in the competition and among them only Bobby Nongrum has been selected to compete in the Grand Finale which will be held soon across India. If he wins the election, it will be an honor and a glory for Meghalaya.
At present, this pond receives more water only during the rainy months and not during the dry months as almost all its catchment areas have been covered with trees.
In the incident, a vehicle was burnt down and other items were burnt down and the mobile phones of the employees were also stolen.
The Managing Director said that the department has taken seriously the condition of the Umïam Dam under the DRIP approved by the Government and the review is ongoing.
“When the Son of man sitteth on the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel” Matthew 19:2
Shillong, June 5: The Shnongpdeng Tourism Development Society (SHDC) on Tuesday announced that it will close the tourist attraction on the 8th of this month, due to the consecration of the Father. Shillong, July 5: U ECB Bamon, Chairman of STDS, has joined the NCP today and has decided to contest the MLA elections. 2018, from the Mookaiaw Constituency.
On the other hand, KHNAM used to have three EMs, but after the resignation of Bah Sawkmie, only two EMs remain and the one who has left the party is Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit.
She also demanded that the state government should set up a Border Area Development (BAD) office in the district so that all the schemes can be implemented for the development of the border areas.
Speaking to media, MPBC Secretary Kampherki Thangkhiew said, “I would like to congratulate the promoters from Arunachal who have invited Shanborlang and also some of the promoters from Arunachal Pradesh. groups who have come forward to support the MPBC in connection with this visit to Arunachal”.
The Income Tax department has raided the residence and workplace of Net Ram and after a 26-hour search, they have recovered cash worth T.1.64 crore and T.50 lakh. , is in your ark, and you will not be able to open it.
After these things, we see that God has established His kingdom here on earth with Jesus Christ as Ruler.
At the same time, the VC of NEHU, praised the decision of many colleges to implement the Four-Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP) as outlined in the National Education Policy 2020 (NEP
We are still waiting to see what the state government, through the Minister of Home Affairs, thinks, but the issue raised by the party has to be looked into by the state government.
Department : means Department, Department or department is a part of a department; The responsibility is to take responsibility for the implementation of the work.
The song was shot by Khraw Kharngi and Bibhav Gewali. The video editor is Khraw Kharngi and the assistant editor is Mewan Nengnong.
Therefore, if there are any complaints regarding the needs of the residents, they can complain through the online platform called “edaakhil” on the website.
Replying to the Principal Secretary's statement that the Government has sought clarification from the DHS(MI) on the expulsion of the IIPH from the old NIFT Campus, Dr Aman said, “I still think that this Head IAS Officer He said that the decision taken by the DHS(MI) is wrong,” he said.
“We are closely monitoring the developments related to the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
R.Rymbai, SI Mawkyrwat Traffic Police Station, reminded the public that they should check their vehicles carefully before driving and when they walk on the road, they should be obedient and obedient. Respect the rules such as wearing a seat belt, drivers of two wheelers should also wear their helmets whether they are drivers and passengers to avoid injury and other rules. .
Cherak strongly condemned the MDA government for failing to take action to curb illegal coal mining in the state, despite the opposition's repeated mentions of this.
The storm has also affected the roads in some parts of Umsning area.
“It's not just that we know, our thylliej is more powerful than them, we have only 3, 4 people to speak, we have thousands of skills to speak,” he said. ".
“If the state government is still delaying the time to set up the entry and exit points, it would be better if it empowers us to set them up ourselves.
From Pyrdiwah, they went to Dawki in Wah Umngot where tourists flock and there they found that the Pillar had reached Dawki village which used to be in the middle of the river.
The penalty shootout will be held at Mawiong Mawpdang and will start at 9 pm.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA from East Shillong Constituency and Kimfa Marbaniang MLA from Rambrai-Jyrngnam Constituency will join the NPP while Mohendro Rapsang has decided to stay with the Congress.
Please upload it to YouTube so that everyone can know.
Behind all these blessings, There is a question mark to be passed on to the children of the nation, the country and the nation.
In order to achieve the goal of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on “Sahkar se Samriddhi” along with the initiatives of the Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah, It was decided to set up 1100 new FPOs in relation to cooperative activities.
The soldiers and the police, even if they know it's wrong, are quick to lose their lives without discipline.
On the occasion, besides the cheques, the Minister also distributed the Identity cards of FOCUS+ to the beneficiaries.
After the speech by the chief guest, there was also a public demonstration on the management of the 'Khnap Thangbru', which explained in detail about the use of the new Thangbriew Thangbriew.
“The question here is why the Hima Mylliem is silent and allows the government to do whatever it wants because the land belongs to the Hima Mylliem when I am The owner of any house is my duty.
It will also be the first time in the history of Meghalaya that the Police will hold a Flag March before the elections.
Speaking at the celebration, Bah Mayralborn urged all the members of the VO and the 7 SHGs to have a spirit of cooperation and to encourage each other while working as a group to encourage and kyntiew one by one.
After finding out that there has been no such market in Khanapara except on the market day, the Ministers of Mylliem Hima who visited the market have accepted that this is a false allegation. without foundation you have taken advantage of me.
Shillong, November 29: The Election Commission of India (ECI) is ready to launch a pilot project to make it easier for foreign workers to vote in their own state. elections.
“I have already asked the DHS for information on this and I have been informed that in order to implement the work especially in those jobs that are urgently needed, the DHS has appointed jobs in those jobs that are vacant,” he said. talk to the media.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: About 30 Ministers of Mylliem Hima today left for the District Council to meet with the EM in charge of the Elaka. They went to meet the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshnngain N Syiem.
The Chief Guest said that the presence of a beautiful place when people come to visit this place is not only because they are beautiful because of the nature but also because of the beauty of the villagers. The villagers should have the ability to deal and welcome foreigners who come to this place and that you provide assistance for them when they return to their villages. they.
On the same day, it was also decided to set up Processing Units to benefit the farmers in the village through the Self Help Groups.
The paramount power has not been handed over to the Constituent Assembly of India.
It is a device that is only the size of a handkerchief but it is surprising and surprising that it can minus point the reading.
According to information received, so far, about 37,450 people have taken up temporary accommodation in 272 shelters provided by the army.
Shillong, July 20: Bindo Matthew Lanong, one of the founders of the United Democratic Party (UDP), has said that he will contest the 2023 MLA elections from the UDP (Original).
One of the women said that she too had suffered from eye disease and had gone to the Civil Hospital for treatment, but it did not improve and she went only once to the child and it improved.
He said that after he came out to contest the election, there were people who tried to claim that he is a foreigner, but Bah Shemphang has clarified that he is a son of Ri Bhoi. The statement is only to spread the word, but as the people we should not believe lies because he has a lot of goals if he comes to power and especially to the people to give their support at this time.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 5: The 61st Teachers' Day was celebrated at Vanni's Hall Pyndengrei Nongstoin by the Ministry of Education. and Bah HK Thabah ADC as the Chief Guest.
As the PDF has decided not to give him a ticket, Teibor has decided to contest as an independent candidate in the Mawlai election.
“It is still much more difficult to implement the Smart Card scheme than the WeCard,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the Congress leader said that this is not the first time that the people of Mukroh have been attacked and killed. In 2002, nine people from this area were shot dead by the Assam Police.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the shop has been given in the name of a Khasi, while the owner of the shop is a Dkhar. He gave her a marriage certificate that he had married a Khasi woman and in the name of her husband, he ran his own business.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has approved the inclusion of the Garo language in the list of languages ​​to be recognized under Article 5 of the Constitution. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, through his social media this evening.
To escape from the hands of slavery in our own country, it is our duty to start our own rympei so that the foreigners or the majority will not overwhelm us. I would like to express my gratitude to the Durbar Shnong Sarin for promulgating the Village Constitution that Khyllah Jait does not allow Khyllah Jait to participate in Khasi Durbar. The Khasi National Durbar in this way also protects women from marrying non-tribals.
The serial will be broadcast on AIR FM 103.6 Mhz and will have 52 episodes.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: Jowai Police on Tuesday arrested two vehicles under Section 144 CrPC which was ordered by the Deputy Commissioner to ban vehicle cleaners in the Myntdu-Treiongriang River. .
He said that this protest and violence has affected the people in all aspects and many of the residents have fled just to get their lives and some have affected even the The protest should be stopped so that peace and stability can be restored in Manipur.
I feel to say that as we were able to show our competitive spirit last season, we can beat any team in the world," he added.
One of the senior police officers in charge of the special team, who did not want to be named, said that the team from the police department alone is not enough.
“So Capt.
Shangpliang said he denied not getting the ticket which was the party's choice for him.
Tura, Iaiong 16: A 17-year-old youth has drowned in Wah Sela Wari near Tura on Tuesday evening while he was trying to escape the heat of the sun.
Many parents like us have been happy and excited to receive the tablet from the Government.
This student has received Distinction in 5 subjects.
Work is underway to convert the degree colleges into model degree colleges, namely Nongtalang College, Nongtalang, Mendipathar College, Mendipathar College, Mawkyrwat.
Nongpoh, Naitung 24: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma has strongly criticized the state of Khaddar and politics in the state in the past four years under the rule of the MDA government. Speaking at a meeting of the All India Trinamool Congress party, the NPP has turned away from what the government under his leadership has done in the past years when he was the Chief Minister. Umlaper village on Saturday to strengthen the TMC party in Mawhati Constituency.
The National Register of Citizens (NRC) was released in April 2019, through the review of the Supreme Court, and 19 people were excluded from the registration.
“Like Minister Hamalet Dohling, the SMB officers have also taken great care in this regard to reduce the pollution and have created many measures.
After the establishment of its office in East Jaintia Hills District, the FKJGP has decided to transfer the Hills Unit to the FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone.
Mukul Sangma will contest against Agatha Sangma, the NPP candidate from Tura constituency.
Read the book “The Thma of the Donkey” Part-1, 2015 – written by Bah Apol Mawniuh.
The weight of the drugs was 191.02 gms and through the investigation it was confirmed that the drugs were heroin.
This Bahula was built in the evening at about 10 o'clock in the morning.
The trial will start at 8:30 am at Kiang Nangbah Stadium and all players are encouraged to bring their Birth Certificates. The objectives shall be in line with the arrangements of the Union.
Marak has lodged a complaint against Mukul Sangma's Scheduled Tribe claim alleging that he is not a Garo and has changed his Garo identity by making an affidavit for personal gain.
Sangma said the law enforcement agencies in the state should be vigilant and implement it according to the needs so that the people who violate the law will be afraid.
They also say that any nation that fights is a living nation.
This meeting marked the beginning of a new chapter in the history of Mizoram's tourism industry in terms of economic growth as hotels have experienced an increase in visitors and hotel rates6) Promotion of Mizoram as a tourist destination: The B20 Conference of the G20 meetings has helped tourist destinations that are not yet known as Mizoram.
On this occasion, if this continues, perhaps it is time that in the next Dorbars, the VPP leaders should speak in Khasi and distribute their speeches in writing. The language recognized in India (Hindi, English, Khasi, Garo, Tamil, Malayalam, Mizo, Bodo, Assamese, Marathi, Kannada, Tripuri, Bihari, Punjabi, or others). not ashamed and How to be ashamed.
The first phase of the development of the parishes will continue.
On the same day, Kong Idalana Lyngdoh from Raliang village also donated a khiew to be placed in the museum to showcase the ancient tools used by the Jaintia people.
Bindo M Lanong, Chief Adviser of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said that he has seen the differences among the youth in relation to the political situation in the state. .
No one can create this wisdom unless it is given by the LORD. Because the wisdom before the creation of all these things was not created by the LORD. So the LORD gave it to him. wisdom only in mankind so that he can rule the world in many ways.
The award was presented by Bollywood actor Jackie Shroff.
On this day, the children of the Hynniewtrep people have flocked to this tournament to take part.
The Congress MLAs have suggested to the Fisheries Officers and the Village Leaders of Saiden, that it would be better to hand over to the Societies. to manage the Dohkha Market and to avoid the spread.
He said that following the party's follow-up, the State Government has introduced amendments by laying down rules against foreigners entering the State by bringing them back to the House in
And it is she who protects us when trouble comes that wants to destroy us, so she is a shatri in the rainy season, she is also a shield in the time of war.
On 2nd November 2008, when the Meghalaya Police interrogated 200 Bengali-speaking Muslims who came to work in the coal mines, they found that they were Bangladeshis. ; but they came from Dhubri, Goalpara, Barpeta, Nagaon and Morigaon; but no one could prove that they were Indians.
Speaking to reporters in the past few days, they also revealed that the government has paid them T.900 tyngka per booth, which means that if they have seven One or nine ASHAs will have to distribute T.900 tyngka.
Hearing closely and seeing firsthand the facts that happen in life at every moment does not give rest to the hands, feet and mind.
If the State Government recognizes them as minorities in the state of Meghalaya, they will receive the same benefits as those who have converted to other religions.
The government's statement that they have been paid at a high price is only to protect their own shortages but the people will not be able to accept this statement when the government gets and they took the money changers.
This has also happened in other classes like Class IX, VIII, VII and so on.
However, according to information, the Governor may not accept these names sent by the state government and KHADC because they are in dispute between them, and he may use his power and authority. Shillong, October 29: The Hynniewtrep Students Union (HSU) has congratulated the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday. on his commitment to fight over the border between Meghalaya and Assam which is one of the top issues of the party.
Together with the group under the training of Bah Neil Nongynrih, the Shillong Chamber School has been established at Whispering Pines, Pohkseh where the school has been taught Western Classical/Pop Music.
Congress candidate Vincent H Pala had earlier admitted that the BJP candidate could win his vote in Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Paila Lyngkot, President of the AJTCVA, said that the toll gate has suddenly charged up to 60 tyngka per trip for vehicles from Jowai to Jowai. Ladrymbai- Khliehriat and those who came from this area to Jowai.
The opposition leaders today slammed the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, for the decline in agriculture in the country.
Nongstoiñ, June 11: The residents of Nongumbah, Darephang, Nongspung and other Kyrshai areas are located on the border with Assam. Rambrai Hima while Darephang and Nongumbah are the villages under Raidmynsaw.
He said that besides providing information on many of the activities of scientists or researchers, this program also helps to share their knowledge and activities in KVKs across the country. the country, and especially in the northeast for the benefit of the peasant masses.
“These places are located in Ribhoi, Eastern Khasi Hills, Jowai Hills and Khliehriat Hills.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center on Tuesday said that it had not received any information about the signs of the earthquake that morning.
 If the 'Right to vote' is a legal right and therefore the 'Right to reject' a candidate to run in Parliament is also true. “Fundamental Rights of the Indian Constitution” which is the right to speak and express or vote under Article 19 (1) (a).
“Three times, our members have gone to the office to meet the Director, but the employees say, you will not be able to meet, if you need to talk to us,” said the Secretary of the Association. .Pyngrope when talking on the phone with Rupang.
They demanded that the government should announce the results of the examination which they have passed because it has upset many people about their future in search of jobs. "It's a risol," said the young man.
He said that not only that, the union also has a plan to take up the shortcomings of the union before the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that she too will take action.
The Bible tells us that God will cast Satan out of heaven down to earth. When will this happen? Ymdon baptism.
The emergence of many church groups has confused many people who have not yet learned the Word of God.
However, he did not specify when the government would hold the elections.
LP School Khlieh East, East Jaintia Hills District at 11:00 am.
The Frontier Times, an English newspaper from Shillong, said that the desire of the people in Jowai has been satisfied.
Nongpoh, Lber 31: Rona Khymdeit, former MDC of the UDP party from Nongpoh, along with hundreds of her followers, today joined the party. Congress and leave behind the UDP party to prepare for the 2023 Assembly elections.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday slammed the government for not implementing the Meghalaya Waterbodies Guidelines, due to the neglect of the most important issue related to the development of houses and buildings along the rivers within the State.
Leviticus 23:15-22.
JOWAI: The Kur Iawchibidi, Jowai has released the lucky draw tickets on the 26th March
He added that according to the JJM, water should be delivered to every household in the district.
Athletics New Zealand said it had received a letter from the Athletics Integrity Unit (AIU) in the last months of last year regarding the conduct of inspections of athletes. They competed last year at the World Championships in Eugene, Oregon.
We are pleased to inform you that we have decided to resign from our leadership or membership in HANM. for the sake of our country and nation.
Director of Health Services (MI) Dr Aman War said that one death of COVID-19 taking the death toll to 158 in the state.
The BJYM today submitted the petition to the Minister of Transport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh but as he was not in office, only a copy was submitted.
In the U-17 Women's category, Little Star English Medium School won the title after beating 6-0 goals against The final match against Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School was played on Tuesday at Dom Mawlum, Mairang.
“We urge other friends to come and try before cutting meat at this place because we find that it is one of the best and the meat is safe to eat because we cannot confirm all the time because there are doctors who examine the animals before butchering," he said.
He said that from the Aquaculture Mission implemented in the last five years, about 17,000 fish ponds have been constructed and it has helped to increase fish production as shown in the past five years. I don't have a mission.
“Our term has expired and we will speak here clearly that we will campaign to defeat these parties and the MLAs in the MDA because they are all supporters of the casino,” he said. “The casino in the state will operate again as soon as the government comes back to power because the ordinance has been introduced only for 6 months and not by the Act. “That's why we have to go to the people to explain this and that he should defeat all these MLAs in the MDA especially the government ministers,” he said.
Immediately after the incident, police from the bomb squad and a team of K-9 dogs along with fire engines rushed to the scene to control the situation.
He was willing to leave his wealth, his household, and his fields to serve the country.
“I am delighted to join this great club Chennaiyin FC. I am happy to meet this team and everyone involved with the club.
Regarding the division of the constituency, the Mawdatbaki Youth Wing said that they will hold a public meeting on the 15th of this month at 8:30 pm at Nongmali I and hatei. The meeting of the people will decide whether to take part in the upcoming MDc elections.
The weapons include SLR 29, 32 pistol, smoke gun, stunt gun, JVP, car bine, AK, INSAF, INDAF LMG, Modified Riffle, 303 Riffle, 9mm pistol, M16 Riffle, Tear Gas and Grenade launchers, came to fire.
The people who crucified Jesus thought that Jesus too would suffer those things and shame.
Therefore, the Seng at the request of the farmers of the area has decided to gather the farmers of the area to explain the right to sell and buy and distribute the leaflets issued by the Controller of Metrology office. , the thew is the responsibility of the State Government.
Apol Mawniuh, the author of the book, tells of the founding of the Muslim Brotherhood in 1928, whose purpose was to rule the world by holding power or by “In Meghalaya, too, he rules.
In the match between the two, Alcaraz has scored 42 victories and broken the goal nine times, causing the Italian to suffer his defeat; who won the tournament last year.
The PWD road connecting Dinanpara via Kebolpara has been affected.
Therefore, let us be proud of our willingness to give ourselves to the service of the nation.
He also urged them to avoid bad habits such as alcoholic beverages but to use their talents properly.
The finals will be played at 10 pm and 1 pm.
States have set targets for their cities, with the aim of completing them by November 31,
When they met, Panah asked, “Rida, where can I go to get medicine?
Anyone who arrives after the screening date will not be accepted, at the same time they will have to bring a photo passport attached to the form.
Khliehriat, July 11: The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) today expanded its office in Nongkhlieh Circle. The meeting was also held at Moolasngi Nongthymme. The meeting was held at Moolasngi Nongthymme.
Shillong: Members of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Youth Minister of the MDA Government, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. He said that the party has already met with the Chief Minister of the State, Conrad Sangma and discussed with him the youth talented dancers and singers of the State.
The Tata Sumo (ML05 J 9327) driven by Reinborlang Shianglong, 18, was heading towards Mawriangtynnai from Synia Mawdoh. The sumo, which was carrying about 9 people, suddenly turned over and after the incident, the driver of the sumo fled the scene. rum is not in this bag.
Bokstar has not been found since the incident and was taken to the civil hospital by the employees of the company including the supervisor.
Chandigarh police have fined a senior police officer for driving his motorcycle, which has expired insurance for two months, and for talking on a mobile phone while he was driving. niah truck truck.
The WORD Himself said, “Salvation is from the Jews.
“For this reason, I have directed the department to prepare the DPR with all the information and after that the government will proceed for the construction on the 2.5 acre site,” he said.
The Congress has lost 12 MLAs who have joined the Trinamool Congress.
These are the tweets, which he wrote last night and which he deleted later.
The Supreme Court has also accepted that the MMDR Act will apply to the landowners in the State, but the owners of the mines must receive a mining plan from the Government of India and the State Government. as well as the lifting of the coal ban, will come into force, according to this rule.
etc.,Soon there will be groups to say that the smart meter is a 666 beast.
She said that the party will monitor this sacred issue and if it goes beyond the party, it will take this issue to the attention of the people.
Nongpoh, July 28: A foreign car thief has been arrested by the residents of Umsning at 3:30 pm this afternoon, while he was trying to rob a sumo. ML10 A 1738, which is still parked at Umsning Sumo Stand.
The government said the investigation is ongoing.
Up to 35,000 children will receive these items through LP teachers as soon as they start school.
Nongsiej said that if the government improves the road from the National Highway to Mawsiangbah and reaches the valley, it will be a great blessing to the residents of Nongkhñiang, Maw. -langniang and other villages in the area.
Police have arrested the owner of the vehicle while he was paying the money of 1 lakh tyngka.
In the first half, Mookaswan Dongwah beat Kseh Sylle Ialong 3-2 goals. Buhpormi Myrboh scored the goals in the 4th minute, Slim Myrboh in the 38th minute and Shailang Lawai for 56 minutes.
He said that the meeting will also discuss the involvement of the senior officers in charge of the welfare and development of this area which is the most backward area in all. They also demanded that the state government should immediately appoint officers who are honest and diligent in their duties so that this area can develop in all aspects.
The e-corner of SBI is a way in which users can also deposit money through a savings account among others which will save them from the hassle of operating.
It is true that although Bah Rana has composed many songs or published many collections of songs, but in terms of the social life of a nation that knows man and knows God, it is through this. This is a song that I have found and found, that Bah Rana has not been able to shoot parshi for his own nation which is now in the midst of the lynga of spiritual money that has begun to be destroyed by the mynder for ten days and in the greedy for fame and glory, who live in luxury, rob and throw away the blood of the mother.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya Under-17 team has won the National Level Roll Ball Championship held in Kothrud, Pune, Maharashtra.
For those farmers who have their own land to cultivate, they have escaped from the land, but it is up to the organization whether they have it, because the farming industry affects many things.
The High Court has also appointed Justice BP Katakey to look into whether the government is implementing the orders of the SC and the National Green Tribunal ( NGT) and also to auction the coal which has already been mined by Coal India Limited.
This was announced by Bah Shan Nongrum, President of HANM South Khasi Hills after a meeting with the SDO of PWD, Sohra Division in recent days.
“We want that as the largest party in the state, it should be united and understanding whoever takes the presidency,” he said.
The season of Lent reminds us of the suffering and death of Jesus Christ.
She said that she has already spoken to the AMD from Shillong and he has said that no one is working in the area and the areas have been closed down. There is no uranium tank explosion, because the report is not yet available.
The question arises whether some of these people walk and stand every day thinking about others, or some of them spend only twenty hours thinking about the country and the nation.
The rituals related to the death and burial or cremation had to be completed before 2 pm the next day.
When asked about the increase in the production of Sohtrun, this reporter spoke to an elderly farmer who is a Sohtrun farmer and also sells on the streets. They were made to sell in all four seasons, because of their hard work and also because they understood the profit if they could take good care of the Sohtrun.
Heprit Wallambok Rani, son of Phrilda Rani, graduated from school in 2015 and is currently studying in Class VI at the Church of Christ Secondary School, near the village where he lives. , is also an orphan since the death of his father in 2008.
Referring to the need to preserve and manage the rivers, Shringla said that there are 54 rivers flowing from India to Bangladesh and all these rivers come from the North East. He said that is why it is essential to strengthen the friendly relations between Bangladesh and India especially with the North East.
He said that his life is still strong in the service of the people and his spirit is still strong to serve the people.
By the second day, East Khasi Hills had won 17 gold, 11 silver and 14 bronze medals for a total of 42 out of 94 medals on the day.
“Besides Jyrwa and the party's secretary, the party's political secretary, Aristarwell Thongni, party member, Raymond Lapang and PSO, Storgy Lyngdoh were also present.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Ri Bhoi District has donated a donation to Gabriel Nongrum, a youngster who has been selected for the Indian Blind Football Team to play in England.
“After receiving detailed information about the incident, RPF troops along with local police and members of volunteers rushed to the scene and conducted a thorough search at the checkpoint. railway in Bhusawal.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 22: The KSU North Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) has expelled the employees of the Motor Vehicle Inspector (MVI) from Assam who robbed and robbed trucks passing through the Shillong-Guwahati road. You are from the state of Meghalaya.
This is information from relatives and children.
However, they did not go to the doctors for treatment, although they fell ill after eating the jyntah tit and today, their 11-year-old son died, while two others died. A daughter and a son, along with these friends, are still lying sick at home.
The union requests all the teachers of Upper Primary Schools in Khliehriat District to take their time to attend this day without fail to discuss many of the activities of the union for the benefit of the teachers. hi all.
To clarify here, the Income Tax Return has to be filed only by non-mountain people or foreigners.
He said that with the completion of these three Medical Colleges, more doctors will be produced compared to what is happening now.
“Praising the Rabha community in Meghalaya for their cooperation, he said, “As the Government, we are committed to maintaining peace and stability and improving income in the state.
In another order, the house of Renelin Dkhar, opposite the Income Tax office in Upper Lachumiere and the house of Anita Pariat in Qualapatty were sealed.
The relatives who cleaned the cemetery also laid flowers and burnt candles that covered the cemetery.
Speaking on the implementation of the policy, the Chief Minister said that they are currently collecting the opinions of the public including the opinions of various government departments.
In addition to these teachings, they were also taught how to live in a spiritual state to know the Word of God.
Police have registered a case for further investigation into the seizure of these firearms.
He added that the events in which the MAA hopes to win medals are in the long jump.
They are Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh and Odisha.
We from AMKA and other Karbi Students Association (KSAM) and All Meghalaya Karbi Women Association (AMKWA) are concerned that if there is a real assault on the members of the Karbi Students Association (AMKWA), Seng UHM, we strongly condemn such crimes against the members of the Sengbhalang from Meghalaya whom we feel as our brothers and sisters.
H.Sangleiñ, one of the elders of Langpih, said that in previous years, when the residents of Langpih village cut down trees to build houses, the Assam police in Langpih, forty tribes were killed.
Shillong, Nailar 13: An 80-year-old woman named Hormon Sun has been shot dead inside her house this morning.
Police have arrested Hamkom and seized the sdie which he had hidden in the house of his relatives.
They demanded that the MPEC should convene another meeting or set up a new committee to consider and discuss the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong: Working together will improve the nation. Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issues related to the development of the nation. The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Tuesday directed the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to submit its reply within four months on the government's proposal to evacuate 342 households from Mawlong.
The members of the Executive Committee of the unit were elected on the same day.
Lionel Messi scored for Argentina in the 14th minute and Rojo in the 86th minute for Group D. Sweden beat South Korea 2-0 in Group F. In another match, Sweden beat Mexico 3-0
The inspection will also be for the purpose of submitting a report on the day of the second meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma on the 6th. the moon"he said.
During this month, many programs were held by planting up to 700 trees including at the DC Quarter, Municipal Office, North East Adventist University and BDO Thadlaskeiñ office.
They include 10 BSF personnel, he said.
The distribution of food items to the villagers under the NFSA and employment opportunities through NERGS should also be strengthened. that the plague and lockdown have destroyed livelihoods and livelihoods.
How about your Marten? To follow these countries, you need thousands of dollars.
Two independent MLAs from Garo Hills, John Leslee K Sangma and Saleng A Sangma, who have been in the opposition for the past few years, have lost the election yesterday and today.
“Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites!
Therefore, the KHONGBUH Kur is strongly requested to attend the meeting, so that the good intentions and to bring unity for the Khongbuh Kur, will move forward, said a statement from Samla Melajied Khongbuh. , Convener.
“We want the state government to clarify on the invitation of the meeting, what part will be discussed so that we too can prepare when we go to the meeting, if it is not clear what we will prepare,” he said. “From the speech of Bah Bindo, it is clear that if the government does not respond, there is a doubt for these political parties to attend the meeting. When asked whether the government has not clarified whether they will leave or not, he did not answer whether they will leave or not, but said, “Whether they will leave or not, we have not yet said. The government will clarify the call of the meeting, perhaps the time is too short, but it can postpone the meeting to another day,” he said. They said that after receiving clarification from the government, they should attend the meeting so that before the meeting, the government should mention the clear issue.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Rangbah Shnong of Nongsder, Bah Welcome Shangpliang, on Tuesday said that the police have not charged the VDPs with smoking under the rules. acted as a Court.
Shortly after, the Pastor said that he had received a letter from Bah Ardent requesting permission in writing, and today he received a reply to his request that he could not be given a place in the Student Square to hold a meeting.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the 'Me'gong' Cup which aims to promote the culture and lifestyle of the Garo people.
Grace Mary Kharpuri , Professional Tax and Education Department of the District Council , has resigned from the post of EM and also from the post of member of the ARPA ri dohkha has resigned from the post, at the same time he has resigned as a member of ARPA and also as a member of KHNAM. Speaking to reporters, Grace said that the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) has been formed after the dissolution of the KHUDA. She said that her resignation from the ARPA is not because of any reason with the incumbent CEM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, but because of the differences and differences from time to time among the ARPA members. The ARPA is a group that does not have order and does not respect each other.
This attempt to concentrate all power in the same household is something that the people should understand.
He said that they have met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem on this issue and he has informed them that next month on Tuesday or Tuesday. he appealed to the court.
The KSU Umdohlun has found that these people have come to survey uranium through their own testimony. When the members of the KSU asked them, they were expelled by the members of the KSU Umdohlun. Corcle and members of KSU SWKH. “We also condemn the hypocrisy of the Government of Meghalaya on this issue which has misled many churches.
Shillong, June 13 : The football team of Ïewrynghep Secondary School, Mawnianglah, Upper Shillong has won and reached the semifinals of the 2nd San Shnong Youth Knock Out Tournament. 2023.
On 28th July 2014, the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, launched the PMJDY scheme for those people who are unable to open accounts due to poverty.
On this occasion, the recovered patients gave testimonies as well as the Treatment Supporter of the area.
You can also watch this video on the youtube channel of the Seng Khasi Kmie.
This is no longer the time for us to look at this issue, but it is the time for us to think about building the broken character of our society.
We should congratulate the FKJGP and its members who have collected water samples from these places and sent them for testing so that the people know what kind of water they get from the Public Health Engineering Department ( PHE) of the state government.
It is on this basis that our eyes see, but we are blind, our ears hear, but we are deaf and if we remain blind and deaf, a great danger awaits our small nation in this state.
Speaking at the meeting, Babu Phastarwel Lyngdoh, said that the RKM team came to the village to help the poor and also to promotion of education in the community.
Shillong: The investigation into the shooting of Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma has almost been completed, the Investigating Officer (IO) said in reply to the Meghalaya High Court.
Participants are requested to register at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Room No.8) or register online from the link on the website: Southwest Khasi Hills.
“The Second Vatican Council, by using this term, recognizes the family as the Ecclesia domestica” (CCC No.1656) because it is here that we first know God.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U BJP Leader Bah AL Hek on Tuesday said that if evidence of corruption and illegal construction of roads by the Dhar Company is found, the Central and State Governments will have to take action. He said that the company has been strongly opposed to the construction of the NH-2
Titos said the UDP has not yet received a letter or statement regarding Anthony Kongwang's request to join the party, but if he really wants to join the party, the party is ready. receive him.
“And the LORD said unto me (Ezekiel) – This gate shall be shut.
Those who wish to join the Riwar Mihngi Soial Welfare Sport Association should submit their application by 11/7/2022 from 10 am to 2 pm at the Urksew Wahpathaw Women's Association. .
“Every day, I spend a few hours in my garden with my mother and this helps me in my work at NESFAS, to preserve the indigenous plants,” said Bah Rundolf Mawlieh.
De said that there will be many projects connected to the border but our focus will be on railway connectivity to all border areas and to promote trade with neighboring countries.
The union also urged the government to support the farmers through various projects.
Ms R Kynjing explained about the impact of child marriage on young children as it is illegal and can lead to strict penalties.
This statement is also supported by current science, including the fact that milk contains tryptophan, an amino acid that can be converted into serotonin, which is known to promote relaxation. the brain and help on the ability to sleep well.
“The KJCLF sees the concern of the State Government regarding the suspension of the casino and the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
According to information received from the HANM leader, the suspect identified himself as Lucas Rymbai of Ladrymbai (Parma).
Therefore, if we turn to the past in this Khasi country and the present, we will reflect a little on the works that these leaders of ours have done and their achievements that we today see and especially If we talk about the leadership quality of the leaders of the past, if we base it on the history of the nation and on the histories written in them, Documents & archive shows that since the time of the rule of the Khasi kings, the Khasi people have produced many brave leaders from the kings like Tirot Singh Syiem, Sngap Singh Syiem. These are the brave leaders who are willing to fight against the enemies of the nation and to stand against the British government to protect the nation from the British. come to be oppressed and ruled by foreign powers.
The clash between the Khasi-Pnars and the Karbi in Lapangap village has occurred after it was alleged that the Karbi have cut down the trees planted by the Pnars on Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor to strengthen their identity. own this bag.
Unfortunately, we don't remember Bah Joy who confirmed it and the governments from 2022 don't remember the price index and those who benefit don't get the right share.
“In the past, when we came, we had to think about coming, because the cars were not enough”.
Publicity Secretary- Chief Academic Officer.
Malki will play against Shillong Lajong on the 20th.
He said that any elderly persons who wish to stay in the nursing home will be screened first, as the purpose of the nursing home is only for those elderly people. people who are dead and who don't really have those overseers in their relatives.
They said that only Bah Ardent has left the Jaitbynriew to carry the future of his children and the youth to come, but otherwise the Jaitbynriew will collapse.
Bisterly Ksih of Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the Best Player Award in the Under-17 men's category. Filicia Sympli of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School was declared the Best Player in the Under-17 Women's category and Lyonel Ryngkhlem of KB Memorial Secondary School was also declared the Best Player in the women's category. as the Best Player in the Under-14 men's category.
In this regard, when the team conducted a search from a box, they found a bag of cocaine estimated to weigh 1,698 grams. is said to be worth around Rs 17 crore in the foreign market," said a statement sent by the group officials.
Jowai, Jymmang 23: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) on Tuesday requested for accurate information through the RTI Act 2005 on the income and expenditure of funds received through the Forest Department. Department of JHADC. The JYF has sought information from the Department regarding the statement of one of the opposition MDCs, Marki Mulieh, which appeared in the media on November 8,
The target of the campaign to prevent these diseases is to complete the campaign by 2020 to vaccinate all children in the state.
Jowai, Naiwieng 28: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai Stadium. Kiang Stadium, North Jowai.
He said that these rules are to prohibit the villagers from going to play.
He also urged the teachers of the school to instill in the minds of the students that the job of nurse is a job that requires humility and that they should be ready to serve in the any parts of the state and not expect to work only in the city.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has launched an investigation into the possession of Rs 1.7 crore by an employee of the Indian health department in Kolkata.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Nongsder Dorbar Shnong of Ri-Bhoi District has decided that the Dorbar Shnong Nongsder will no longer recognize Khasi women who marry foreigners.
This system of naming is based on the view that goods as creatures should be marked as male or female according to their nature or use.
The service, entitled “Barso – An Encounter with the Holy Spirit”, will be held at the Shree Muktajeevan Auditorium in Maninagar, which has a large Christian presence in the area, said Reverend Munna Prasad. Gupta of Jesus Mission Church.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Mizoram expressed his deep sorrow over the violence and bloodshed that has happened across Manipur and also over the lack of peace and stability among the Meitei people. and the indigenous people of Manipur.
When contacted by Rupang, the Commissioner & Secretary, District Council Affairs, Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, said that the VAB is still in the hands of the Governor.
It was learned that during the inspection, it was found that there were foreigners who did not have trading licence, who came to trade illegally, and immediately the authorities of the council ordered to ban, and they will open after you have applied for a trading license.
However, in this age they have brought about a lot of political turmoil related to democracy which has led to the struggle for power, the throne of democracy and the world's wealth, many of us have forgotten the rights granted by the Constitution to citizens and the true doctrine described in all religious texts.
The wholesale price from Jowai to Thadlaskein will be Rs.74.00 per liter and the wholesale price from Shangpung outlet will be Rs.79.20 per litre. .
This explains our priority in the work.
In both the programmes, there were only traditional dances called Shadsukra which were performed in traditional costumes by different villages of Jowai and some from other villages who took part in this Shadsukra. The Art & Culture Committee of the Seiñ Raij Jowai, has organized an annual celebration before the sowing of seeds in the fields.
The HC also expects that the government as promised to set up 23 weighbridges should be operational before hearing the PIL. Section 194 of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 states that if anyone overloads the limit, they should immediately stop.
We don't want to do this again because there's so many ways we can express it," he said.
In terms of food and drink, the symbol of rice is very precious to those who earn it.
In fact, Pyrem is like a new year for the indigenous people who live by agriculture.
However, the Government of India has referred it back to the State Government for consideration due to some provisions which are in conflict with the Constitution and which remains to be considered again how to consult on this issue. .
Earlier, the KHADC had vowed to fight with the state government over the ruling and reluctance of the Autonomous District Council to seek the approval of the Governor before introducing any bill.
Rajasthan scored 87 runs for the loss of four wickets before the rain fell again and the match was suspended.
The arrival of the Swatch Bharat Mission will be of great benefit, but the question arises why we are so different now instead of increasing in cleanliness we are declining slowly and people no longer recognize us by that characteristic. .
The Engineer also promised to inspect the PMGSY road from Nonghali, Mynriang, Jaroit to Mawkhanu on the 27th.
Likewise, to be ashamed or ashamed to commit any unclean acts that affect the family and the nation.
They were first taken from the ground floor of Dr Mukul Sangma's residence to Sardar Police Station and then to Civi Hospital Shillong and later brought back to Sardar Police Station.
The newspaper said that the UDP has now prepared differently to contest from Pynursla as it understands that it will be difficult to contest against the incumbent MLA who has been in power for many years.
Finally, the Jirang MLA urged the people to live in peace without causing any trouble, which affects the peace and especially those who create racial discrimination. , but as an MLA, he will continue to fight hard to talk to the state government, for the sake of peace and order and especially on development projects, so that the people living in the area feel that they are the of Meghalaya.
Let us see first, Because of the events that have happened from time to time, people in the world have experienced or experienced (i).
Jowai, June 02: The Shad Sukra of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla has come to an end on the 1st of June, in the presence of Santa Mary Shylla MLA of 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency. Wailadmiki Shylla MLA 2 Jowai as the Chief Secretary and others.
From this school, 24 students have taken the matric examination and 21 students have passed.
The AMCSA has requested the cooperation of all the contractors in this regard and also to fight against the problems faced by the contractors in the state such as the suspension of bills in government departments, the lack of verification of bills. Exemption Certificate from the Income Tax Department (TDS), Taxes and others.
There are many reasons why as soon as this festival comes, people die like a myntor.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Tirotsing Suchiang, Joint Secretary UDP Central Body and other leading leaders of the UDP Mawkyrwat Constituency.
The Chief Executive Member, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that as the indigenous people not only in Meghalaya and Tripura, they have been affected by foreign forces.
“I urge the state government to implement the rules to empower the government to prevent the spread of false information to the public so that such youtubers who have illegal intentions and those people who create false news will spread," he said.
However, some members of these Producer Groups have alleged that the distribution of money to these groups is also political because it was distributed first to the constituencies where the MLAs are from the NPP. In the constituencies where MLAs are not from the NPP, the distribution is easy and there are constituencies where the distribution has not yet been made.
The incidence of stroke under the age of 55 has increased from 109 per 100,000 people in 1993 to 176 per 100,000 people in The total age of those infected has decreased from 71 years in 1993 to 69 years in
Langpih will be the most difficult area in this border demarcation as it is an ethnically diverse area and the Nepalis who have settled in this area are more likely to stay within Assam. .
Citizens as well as leaders from various political parties came to take part in this meeting which was the first time regarding the demand to make Tura a rainy season city.
While asking for the support of the people of Mawhati Constituency for the victory of the BJP candidate in the 2023 election, Dr.M.Chuba Ao congratulated all the supporters of the BJP and at the same time He urged the BJP candidate to win the election and if the BJP comes to power it will bring about many changes in Mawhati Constituency and the state as a whole.
Thus, the recognition of whether others are drunk or not is usually at the time when the drunkard or religiously inclined person has deceived himself.
The resignation of the UDP Mawlai members shows that the UDP in the constituency has collapsed but now a new UDP has been formed with former MLA Bah SD Khongwir as the chairman of the new UDP.
(c) the waste resulting from the construction, construction or demolition of houses shall be disposed of in accordance with the rules laid down in the Construction and Demolition Rules
Hurdles CC won the match by 36 runs and Ricky Stone Nongbet was named Player of the Match.
“MLAs go to Delhi to meet with BJP leaders but non-MLAs can come to meet with leaders in the state,” he said.
" Ňiuma, once you read this verse, it seems that you can do whatever you want with the universe and it seems that God also controls and controls it. This raises many questions or comments.
“There was also a discussion on the topic, “Entrepreneurship in North East India” which was explained and guided by Ranjan Baruah, Career Mentor and Skill Trainer from Assam.
We don't need those who don't know how to respect nature, because nature is a blessing to us.
JHADC Chairman and MDC Dr Sankey Shangpung has accused the MLA of Sutnga Saipung of deteriorating the National Highway 6 which connects the state with the northern part of Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and Manipur.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the General Secretary of the party, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, said that regarding the Sohiong constituency, which has postponed the election after the sudden death of The Election Commission of India (ECI) has postponed the election and the date has not been announced yet.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of MGSPHSVA, Shane Thabah, said that although the Meghalaya government has not allowed the land vendors to start their sales, the land vendors have tried to find They earn money by walking around and offering goods, such as kwai dong, soh, jhur, clothes and others.
Therefore, these government employees have planned to hold a mass strike on 11th June and also on 7th July after the government rejected the demand of the employees to increase their salaries. by 4% of what it used to be all the time.
“But even if you are like that, remember what you have done now.
We have been seeking details on their confessions," the police chief said.
So shouldn't Meghalaya have 12 colleges for 12 districts? However, there is not a single medical college here.
Besides, this teacher is also a maker and producer of traditional musical instruments such as the ksing, tangmuri, duitara and many others.
He said that the foundation stone for the establishment of another school was laid due to the overcrowding and influx of students in the existing area.
A festival was also held as part of the programme, which showcased the great culture of Meghalaya in a beautiful manner.
Why??? That women should understand and refrain from sexual intercourse with other races:-.
Shillong, March 5: From 10 am today, villagers who wanted to leave the city had to get off at Anjalee Petrol Pump because their vehicles were seized at the place.
“When asked about the information received, that after the incident of rioting inside the shop, that about 40 Punjabis came to cause trouble, but on the other hand, Bah Shanborlang said that He didn't know whether it was true or not because the shop had already been closed.
If the government continues to delay, the Election Commission of India will announce the date of the elections and the Model Code of Conduct will come into force in Meghalaya.
The DSC Jaintia Hills has already announced the results of the candidates who have passed for the post of Forest Guard and Demonstrator (KTC).
Participants in the panel discussion were Prof. Buddha Chandrasekhar of AICTE, New Delhi, Prof. P. Mahanta of NIT, Shillong; Dr. AK Maji of Information Technology, NEHU, Shillong and Dr. Abir Suchiang of Information Technology, Regional Campus, Shillong.
“They want to be in front so that they can give their opinions so that the BJP will not take advantage because they say that the NPP listens too much to the BJP, while the BJP says they work hard but If you (Congress) are together, maybe you can do a little better”.
He said that this will lead to division in the country if it goes as the BJP wants. “We should not be stingy, the people who want to introduce this bill are people who are against their own country. I don't understand how this bill will help the country, they should have known the terrible things that are happening, I know that if this bill becomes law what will happen, do they not know the story of “What happened to the Assam Accord at that time, how many people died,” said Dr Mukul.
The Seng strongly opposes this proposal and we cannot accept it at all, said the statement.
Modi advised the countries of the world to turn to agriculture, especially at a time when the world is facing food shortages and climate change.
“David has no connection with any rebel group and the lawyer instead of helping the family, he is trying to help the killer,” she said.
An oxygen tanker catches fire in front of a hospital in Baghdad, Iraq; At least 82 people have been infected with the virus and 110 others have been injured at the same hospital, the government said.
Those who have lost the Reservation Policy understand how it affects them because it has been implemented not only in the allocation of jobs, but also in the allocation of places to study abroad. the rank of doctor, doctor, and others.
Speaking on behalf of the INC candidate for Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Ma Vincent Pala, said that he is pleased to witness that hundreds of leading Congress workers from Ri Bhoi District have joined hands. The Congress party has been working hard to strengthen the party despite having 2 MLAs but it has witnessed the strengthening of the party from day to day through the work of the leaders in all the blocks, circles and so on especially from the understanding. The people have appreciated the work and services that the Congress party contributes from day to day.
The implementation of the NEP 2020 will bring challenges to teachers.
They were led by a Khasi policeman. When he investigated me about this incident, he made me look like a thief. , so he understood that he was wrong, but I didn't treat him like a human being. These rich people from Delhi when they saw me that I had arrested that Khasi police chief, they told him to investigate. hi ma ngi, so these dignitaries when they asked me questions let us sit on this railway station and they offered me a secret, but I didn't refuse, I answered everything that happened, after and when they went, I gave them the branches of the foreign trees, and they took some of the land.
However, the fact is that the woman was raped inside the police station in the evening by DCP Hemanta Das and other policemen.
Police have arrested four persons, Ashok Kumar from Haryana and Bhupendra Singh from Uttarakhand.
They don't see the rise of the salonsar.
While for young people, sleep time is more difficult because the hands, eyes and minds are slow to look at anything from mobile phones that even a handful of pages can reach. people around the world.
The point of this is that these two brothers Haban and Tony have an encouraging encounter with each other.
Mairang, Jymmang 03: U Bah H. Brolding Nongsiej, MLA of Mawthadraishan and UDP candidate, on Tuesday said that the 2023 MLA election will be easy for him.
The incident happened at 3:55 pm when a Maximo pick-up (ML/05-Temp/2018-1636) was driven by Pynshailang Kharlyngdoh ( 24 years old) has been struck by passers-by.
Three political parties from East Jaintia Hills District including the Khasi Student Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Students (FKJGP) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Eastern Region today held a meeting. They met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki at his office to discuss the delay in the construction of the Entry-Exit Points at Ratacherra.
At the same time, the union demands that the hospital should provide adequate treatment to this child.
“He said that the infiltration of mynder can be stopped only in the villages and not by the check gates on the roadsides.
In fact, it is the Government department that will have to do its duty – to take samples of the water pollution and send for inspection,” said Bah Nongrum.
Not only that, we know clearly that as Christians, the subject of illness and suffering is not too much of a concern for Christians, or for church leaders, because all the problems that mankind faces In the rule of law, in the economy and in the disease, we turn to God and therefore this meeting is also on this issue.
I am inside the university and I see what kind of people are sent to the university, it is the same idea that will happen everywhere and I am very concerned about this.
“They should have confirmed or reminded me before they came,” said the Minister, adding that today after several inspections and meetings with many groups she left for Delhi for the needs. impatient.
At the same time, he said that many of those who have passed are over one year old as their age to teach is only 32 years for General and 37 years for SC/ST. The registration and deadline dates have been set by the SDOs in the districts while in Shillong the deadline for submission of forms is 10th July.
The coronavirus, which has hit Maharashtra in the past few months; This time, it has entered the Currency Note Press (CNP) in Nashik, Maharashtra.
But that didn’t end there just like that because three days later he rose again.
He said that Defense Minister Amit Shah has met with more than 100 groups including 23 from Meghalaya to hear their views on the Bill.
The FKS Dorbar said that the letter from the MHA makes it clear that the Sixth Scheduled cannot protect us in terms of the term “adult suffrage”.
Rye is cultivated all over the world, but China is still one of the largest producers of rynsun.
He said that under this scheme, one unmarried woman or any elderly woman from each household below the poverty line receives a financial assistance of T.1200 per bani.
Shillong, October 16: Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie has strongly opposed the statement by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh that Mawlai falls under the Slum Area.
"You are the first president of the United States" to enter through this line, Kim told Trump.
Why should we go against the will of the people," she added.
“Even the Meghalaya High Court is well aware of this because in its recent judgment it has warned the Chief Secretary and the DGP not to thank and praise politicians but to arrest them. times the type of coal.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, has confirmed that several persons working at the North Eastern Police Academy (NEPA) in Umsawkhwan have tested positive for Covid-1 The area has been placed in the Micro-Containment Zone from the 28th of this month to the 3rd of June.
Now once again, the teachers have taken to the streets with a firm determination and are ready to fight to the end until their demands are met.
At the same time, I would like to send this message to all the leaders to forget about their party and to please join hands to improve this Reservation Policy without any discrimination, because if it lives now , our heritage also lives".
However, many look for the one who has the most support, the one who has the most money and the one who can increase the amount of money a little bit.
The union has started to collect trading licenses from four streets until it reaches Thembasuk.
He said most of those who apply for loans are only less than 1000 tyngka but according to the requirement they can apply up to 6 lakh tyngka and this is easy to sanction money for five years.
“As more students have received training in these treatments, including the specialized Panchakarma Technician programme, we expect that Ayush treatment will become more popular, and it will be easier to access the benefits of ai ha health.
“Because they wanted to erect large trees for the sake of peace, the Tech Park has asked for permission to cut down seven trees.
One of the greatest and most precious teachings of Jesus Christ is that you are the light of the world. Walk in the light, so that your light may shine before men.
Chiranjit Kumar Paul has issued a birth certificate in 2008 although he was born in
“The youth are the greatest rishot of the country, but if they cannot be led in the right path they will become the greatest obstacles,” he said.
According to the meeting of the KJDSTA leaders with the SDSEO of East Khasi Hills Shillong, she confirmed that the request for funds for the DA has been sent to the office of the Director of School Education and Literacy Meghalaya. November 2014 and is still waiting for the allocation of funds from this office.
It is learned that the UDP has now decided who will be given the ticket and they have ensured that the decision to give the ticket will be to the person whom the majority of the people want.
New Delhi, June 24: Of all the phases of the Lok Sabha MP elections held across the country, West Bengal has the highest number of voters. The turnout in the sixth phase of the polling has reached 82%, which is the highest turnout compared to all the states that have completed the polling.
Also present on the occasion was Miss Aida C War Vice Principal and teachers who participated in the spirit of responsibility to eradicate plastic waste around the college.
Chelsy Rimesha W. Snaitang's sister has also passed the SSLC 2022 of the ICSE Board with 94.5% marks from Pinemount Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
The main objective of the peace assembly was to raise awareness among the students about the incidents in Manipur and the urgent need to stop the bloodshed and violence. including the place of God.
How do parents feel about this? How can various civil society organizations think together on this issue and the urgency of the government without thinking about the future of the students? How do many people think about this government which has failed completely? In the field of education, until various groups of teachers at various levels have held various protests but this government has been ignoring and destroying them. There are still 'small things that have been burnt and destroyed' in this government. Our state will continue to deteriorate and deteriorate as the days and years go by.
This newsletter is provided to inform and explain to the public about the penalties in relation to these laws.
This visit of Bah Hamletson Dohling to Spelity's mother came after his inspection of the uranium waste dump sites in Nongbah Jynrin, as reported in the news in recent months. .
There have been 78,797 cases, 43,397 in hospitals, 4,907 in intensive care and 14,709 in intensive care, the Spanish health ministry said in a statement. people have recovered from the disease.
Yee Yee Oo scored for Myanmar in the 30th and 62nd minutes, Win Theingi Tun in the 53rd minute and Manjali Kumari for Nepal in the 44th minute.
On the other hand, the President of the union said that the union has not yet received any explanation or information from the government on their demand to appoint a DC in the district. The strike will continue for days if the government does not revoke its order to transfer the DC of West Jaintia Hills District.
In another incident, police have recovered another unidentified body of a 28-year-old boy.
He criticized the government for opening many blocks, civil sub-divisions and police stations, saying that to create is easy but to provide will be difficult.
However, the Lamphang managed to silence both sides and allowed the Prime Minister to answer the question of the North Shillong MLA.
There is a need for vigilance to stop this flood that is flowing into this country by changing the knowledge and attitude of the children by the parents' organizations and the elders to protect their country by start with the rympei.
secretary Eugenia Marwein, 5.
Now the most important question for the Government: Is it based on the fact that the 51 years old decision since 1972 will affect the youth at this time? Another question to the 36 MLAs of Khasi-Jaintia whether they are in the Government or the Opposition is: When you were elected to lead us in the name of the Jaitbynriew, it was not Why don't you join hands to defend the rights of the Jaitbynriew?? Why would the 24 always beat you 36? What will you lose if you work together with one voice to change and renew the Reservation Policy? If it is true that you love the nation as you contested during the election, it is time for you to resign otherwise you have turned away and you have deceived us the citizens and the people. the whole nation.
The winners of Miss Meghalaya 2020 will take part in Miss Teen India, Miss International and Miss Multinational to be held in Mumbai and Delhi.
The award will be given only to those students who live within the boundary of the 19th South Shillong Constituency, said Miss L Marwein, Program Coordinator.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, today launched an ambulance to serve the people of Mawhati area. The Chief Minister Relief Fund was handed over to Mawhati PHC for the purpose of managing and serving the people of the area.
During the investigation, it was found that many foreign shops without permits have been issued by the District Council for 10 months. to provide the documents.
In a letter to the President and Secretary of the NPP, Bah Mitchel, he said that the reason for his departure from the NPP is for personal reasons.
PHH rice in the amount of 5 kilos per person (no payment).
After ten generations, this is no longer their Self Acquired Property, it becomes the Ancestral Property or Spah Nongtymmen which will pass back to the youngest children as is the custom today.
Another issue, Rowel said, is that the state government is still waiting for a reply from the Election Commission of India after it has sent its reply since 20th June,
Bansuk Syiem, BPM JICA showed a short clip on “My Mawkyrwat My Town” which showed the dangers of the widespread use and spread of plastic.
He admitted that the Congress has strong bases in Shella and has hope this time.
Shillong: The UDP Laitumkhrah-Malki Circle has demanded a thorough and prompt investigation into Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA Shillong East who has been accused of corruption in the recruitment of teachers in the state.
The Union Minister of State for Ayush and Women and Child Development, Dr Munjapara Mahendra also attended the meeting.
The order said that the case should be dismissed as there was no written notice to the district magistrate.
And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the Lamb's book of life" Revelation 13:6-8
“The damage caused by the collapse is not yet known as the relevant authorities are still inspecting the area and the value of the damage will be known soon,” he said.
The “don't ask, don't tell” attitude.
Other speakers included Bah Robinus Syngkon, MLA and Parliamentary Secretary in charge of the Soil Department, who said that through Caritas India, it will be able to transform agriculture and the plight of farmers.
The three ministers include Prestone Tynsong who has been stirring up since Dr Mukul Sangma took over as Prime Minister, HDR Lyngdoh who has now fled to the side of DD Lapang and Deborah Marak.
It may be recalled that in this book it is written about the history of the work and guidance of the Spirit of God of Kong Shembhalang Samiam, since
The tournament included 100 metres, 200 metres, 400 metres, 800 metres, 1500 metres, 3000 metres, Long Jump, High Jump, Shoot Put, Discus Throw, Javelin Throw and Relay Race.
On the other hand, the ADE from Gasuapara has urged the youth of the area to refrain from going to work in other parts of the country without first checking and confirming.
Conrad K Sangma said that according to the rules of the MHA, it is prohibited for the state governments to interfere or restrict the transportation of essential goods from one state to another as well as the coal from the state. cement factories in Jaintia Hills.
When he came home, he put the fish on the table and fell asleep because he was too tired. He forgot to cook the fish that night and the next day.
Not only the youth of the state, but also the parents, grandparents should be surprised how to take responsibility in their homes. They all start from home and appear outside for the world to judge.
However, Turkey and Syria are as old as Meghalaya.
In Tamil Nadu, Bihar, Punjab and Himachal Pradesh, the death toll was one each.
The NGT has also ordered the MPCB to take responsibility to ensure that hotels do not discharge wastewater from their hotels as it pollutes the wells.
“In this regard, we urge to patrol from 15th July until the end of the Hindu Puja,” said the office bearers of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram.
Urging the people, Mr. Kennedy said; “The people of the state should not worry because the state has the Umphniang to meet the needs of the people.
The Meghalaya High Court's order to implement the AFSPA cannot be implemented because the situation is not yet necessary. “It can be done by the state government according to the provisions of the Constitution,” he said.
If you have any symptoms such as headache, fever, difficulty breathing and shortness of breath, please contact the DMHO Helpline 8787520449 and DEOC/Control Room 0368-232124,
The tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Taekwondo Association and the Ri-Bhoi District Taekwondo Association.
He said that among others, an assistant pastor, two women, two Nokmas and two government officers were injured in the attack.
Inside the reserve, the Traditional Herbal Medicinal Plant Garden has been preserved and a specially endangered medicinal plant garden has been built. Herbal Medicine School was established where two elders, Ma Paulus Lamare and Ma Albinus Pasi, Pnar medicine practitioners, were ready to provide training to 18 youngsters as first school students. of this school.
XVI).
However, if it cannot be increased to 200 days, I suggest that the 100 days used to build village roads, sports grounds etc. should be used only to strengthen agriculture until end of the disease.
The West Bengal Legislative Assembly today decided to change the name of West Bengal to Bangla after two years of efforts to bring forward the name of West Bengal. name of West Bengal, according to the characters.
Since the government has increased the fare of four vehicles, the Synroplang has been inviting the drivers to come and explain and discuss with those drivers who have not been able to achieve the target they have set.
Meghalaya will play against Delhi on the 10th at 1pm.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on 30th June, attended the Sohshan Strawberry Market held at Khyndailad, Shillong to encourage the farmers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Mawsynram Border Area has strongly criticized the MLA of Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, for the deterioration of the road to the border villages in Mawsynram. constituency.
Matthew 8:6.
For more details refer to [24]7 and [24]7.
If in the NRC Assam, powerful people like the former Chief Minister of Assam, the Chief of Army Staff of India, those in the family of the 5th President of India, have not been included in the NRC of Assam. They are the poiei, to me and to you the people who can ensure that our rights will not be violated.
After that, we will send the report to the State Governments and the two Chief Ministers to take a decision on this matter,” he said.
In 2015 the budget of the State was T.7000 crore, in 2018 it was T.9000 crore and now the budget of our State is T.27000 crore which has increased by four times.
Ardakirang Rymbai tied 67 runs off 66 balls while Rikku T Sangma took three wickets in seven overs.
“I have worked with the people since the time of the fourth century.
Pala was speaking on the report submitted by retired Justice BP Katakey to the High Court of the state which said that the government has not implemented the orders and directives of the Supreme Court. Court (SC) and National Green Tribunal (NGT).
KHNAM also demanded that the Minister should implement the rule that those workplaces with more than 10 employees should have a committee to look after the welfare of women. These companies do not have a committee and the companies, which employ employees in the state, do not have a committee, but they are run by another group from Assam and demanded that they should receive a letter of appointment directly from the companies and not only that, but they do not follow the wage laws implemented by the State Government. Thomas Passah, President and Elias Susngi, General Secretary of KHNAM, said that the state youth wing of KHNAM has been involved in the development of the country.
Isn't there a way for such people to destroy the nation? Bah Roykupar said that let these incidents be an example for us each and every member of the nation. our.
The State Government through the Ministry of Culture has decided to allocate about 5000 square feet of land for the construction of the headquarters of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) at the Tribal Research Institute. ) in the Mawlai Governor.
I remember when I had to go to Shillong to continue my studies it was very difficult to get accommodation or accommodation. and the condition of the household was very difficult, especially when I came from a poor family.
Shillong, March 27: The HSPDP office in Nongstoiñ, Shillong, has been hit by a cinema ticket sale inside the HSPDP office in Nongstoiñ. There were many arguments, arguments and riots in which the residents also alleged that there were 'tien sih 'tien blood' from the office.
Shillong: The Additional Deputy Commissioner & CEO, Shillong: Heavy thunderstorms and lightning are expected in some parts of the state from 7th to 9th,
Shillong, November 28 : The Congress on Friday announced more than 35-40 candidates in the first list for the MLA elections next year.
The source said that while the man was hiding from the rain in a shop near the river, he broke his legs while trying to hide from the rain and fell into the river. The heavy rainfall has caused the small stream to become stronger and colored the man until he is no longer found.
Rani has returned to the national team during the tour of South Africa where she has been included in the 22nd squad. players.
Police have arrested three FKJGP members including Tamseng Marak, 26, resident of Samanda Megapgre, Wonder M Sangma, 27, Bansam Awe and Taichan M Sangma, 24 years old.
Through this statement, the President of the Hill's Farmer Union, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Mutshwa Thabah, said that this person is willing to help the farmers by cutting kilos of crops. and said not to 'Ot kilo' if it affects the farmers.
The state government has been involved in providing compensation to the refugees and has struggled to provide the funds to provide assistance for this purpose, he said.
Although KVS tried hard, they couldn't turn the tide and suffered their first defeat as they beat Uttarakhand 4-0 in the first match of the tournament. Wednesday.
P.D.F.– Do you play football? I've got a sponge cloth, and I've got others like a bird tyngwieng die mother.
On receiving this information, the BSF informed the GRP Guwahati and the three Bangladeshi officials were arrested at Guwahati Railway Station.
However, only a month has passed and she said that it was the neighbors who used to help her when they had nothing else at home.
Shillong: The semi final of the U-23 Men's Col CK Nayudu Trophy between Meghalaya and Mizoram has come to an end after Meghalaya beat Mizoram by 107 runs. MCA today.
There was also a distribution of certificates to the participants of the 'Swachhathi Hi Seva Week' which started on 15th November and ended today. .
“You are a nobleman, but we support that it is your right.
Shillong, July 03: On behalf of the Catholic Church, Shillong, the Catholic Association of Shillong (CAS) has appealed to the BJP-led Assam Government to immediately change the to ensure that Christians living and residing in Assam should have hope and confidence within the Government empowered by the Constitution of the country in which everyone love for our country, India and the State.
Gogoi also made it clear that there is no armed force that can silence the voice of the people and Gogoi said that democracy has disappeared in Assam because it has gone you can rule thombor.
Thank you very much to you KAS leaders to the State Government and the Government of India.
The Minister said that religious leaders have a greater role to play in the fight against drugs and the SAFF leaders have promised to speak on this issue in churches, temples, mosques and so on. , even to associate with those who have been away from their homes because of drugs.
Tanly Lapasam of Mootyrshiah village, Laskein Block, West Jaintia Hills District, has been the first farmer from the district to receive the Millionaire Farmer of India award on November 7, at PUSA Mela Ground', New Delhi.
The MDA Government has been struggling to find ways and means through the laws to address this, but has not yet succeeded.
If these politicians speak, they will succeed no matter how much during their election campaign in the coming days, but we must not forget the facts that we have witnessed. from 2018 to date.
They pay the fare and through this third contribution the farmers save the owners of the vehicles.
What to happen? God's Word speaks of it like this! “Thou (Israel) art my sword and my weapons of war: with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms.
“Those who get that exemption from paying income tax are only those tribals and schedule castes.
The total area is about 5,000 hectares,” said Chairman of the Save B Mahal Committee Rimjen Ch.
Nongpoh: The RBYF Umsning Circle has confirmed the office bearers of the Umniangbyrnai Parila Unit by Bah Devan Warjri, President of the RBYF Umsning Circle. Devan Warjri, to the office bearers of the Unit, urged the youths who have joined the Unit, to work hard and to provide a good service to the people. to them not to join the party, only for the purpose of doing personally beneficial works using the name of the party.
Speaking to reporters, the MDC said, “Such statements affect the longrynieng of those who are accused. how they feel.
Go according to the number of paid, establish the Reservation Policy, and improve it.
They will come and thank you to collect votes from you.
The Revolution – Defend the Country has reached exactly six months today in its journey.
They include Kitboklang Gassar from Mynthong and his friend Daphahsalanmi Rupon from Salaroh on 23rd July 2013 and Clefast Nongkhlaw. The police arrested him on the 4th of this month.
It is a very remote area and has been neglected by the leaders and the government of Meghalaya.
He said that the issue of MUDA will be discussed in the House.
After the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma announced the establishment of the Directorate of Forensic Science Laboratory to strengthen the work of the Directorate of Forensic Science Laboratory. the evidence when investigating the incident.
Shillong: The St Joseph Socio-Cultural Organization of Laitkor Parish has organized a shooting competition to honor the name of Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh. Parish Laitkor today, 4th July 2019, held a shooting competition, Mawpoin and Mawsan throwing competition at Laitkor Sports Ground.
This was due to the VC's failure to provide for the needs of the students of NEHU in many areas from the bus, the inability to provide the necessities inside the hostel and so on. The union has met with the VC today to discuss the delay in implementing these demands but due to the lack of attention of the VC. The meeting has led to the closure of the office.
Various programs such as Football, Knowledge, Drawing competitions and others were also held on the opening day.
Pala said that in Ri Khasi Jaintia it is difficult to deceive because they know who to vote and who not to vote, who to trust and who not to trust. and it is not easy for him if they do not get enough candidates.
On the 17th of this month, Rastone Sangma lodged a complaint that on the 17th at 12:45 pm, unidentified robbers stole a motorcycle (ML-13-9 ) from his residence in Megan Akong, NGH.
can you explain, what is NFNS?.
Albertstar Nongspung scored in the 24th minute and Joinborlang Kharumnuid in the 65th minute. of the second half through penalty.
At the same time, the dongwah will also deliver the Charoh blai to a place called 'Pdengyutang'
Maurice Lamin of Lummuriap village, West Jaintia Hills has been killed by unidentified persons at Takhniang village under Nartiang Police Station.
This happened in a meeting between only the MDA MLAs, not all of them, and Murmu and three or four of her supporters.
Farmers cultivate different seeds and varieties of plants according to the location and it is for this reason that here in Jaintia Hills we find that there are hundreds of varieties of plants that we can get from this country.
Where will this attitude lead us as a small nation?
As the leader of the area, the MLA urged the talented youth to come forward and inform him of any problems in which he will find ways and means to He urged all the people to have a spirit of cooperation to develop each other and also to congratulate and encourage the youth who there is talent and those who have come forward in many areas.
Dr. Don also promoted the PHE in Shella to the PHE Division.
Lumpaia Avengers CC scored 138 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in 20 overs. Ralphy Heinrich Diengdoh scored 35 runs from 20 balls. Ferdinand Lyngdoh took three wickets for 9 runs in 2 overs for Sohra Combine.
Police have recovered several letters demanding money from Junel, and during the investigation, police said that Junel, confessed and led to the place where the explosives were kept. Two hand grenades were recovered from Lumphyllut village.
Here too, the SU has estimated that 9,686 (42.44%) supporters of ILP from Mawsynram, 8,660 (37.94%) against ILP and 4479 (19.62%) undecided. “If the division between the opponents and the supporters is more than the supporters, Bah PN Syiem should respect this and support the ILP,” said the KSU SWKH. Shillong, November 20: Justice Prafulla Chandra Pantun has been sworn in as the new Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court. Lat KK Paul will hold a ceremony at Raj Bhawan.
Forget about the outbreak of Covid-19, when we look at the issues that the state has faced in the last five years, it is very long and many of the issues that the people want have been left in the air without being achieved.
We are fortunate that we have the customs and traditions to be the master of the family and the master of the family.
65% of its desert lands have been inhabited as God had promised.
Lalu is very fond of speaking comic remarks that make many people laugh.
The CE Society of Mawlyngkhung Presbyterian Church has organized this tournament as part of the celebration of Youth Week/Youth Sunday.
I have already sent my resignation letter and I am no longer the President of the party.
In this regard, the KSU also demands the establishment of a District Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission under the Consumer Protection Act 2019 and also to provide Consumer Awareness Programs from time to time to the consumers so that they can get information.
Speaking to reporters, Alan said, “It is true that the NPP leaders have met me but I have not taken a decision or a statement yet and the talks are ongoing.
The three persons were from outside the state, two from Delhi and one from Chennai.
Today, 11th July 2023, the shopkeepers, accompanied by the leaders of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM), met with the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest & HOFF, RS Gill and They also submitted a petition after the Forest Department issued an order to the shopkeepers in Umdiengpun to demolish their shops before the 31st of July.
The roster of Ïawmusiang had messages in foreign languages ​​that read, “I was born intelligent but the present roster ruined me.
However, due to the rain, the match could not continue.
Mairang: The Additional Deputy Commissioner (I/C) of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang, Bah A.Nongbri, has written to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today. Mairang Sub-Division today urged the shopkeepers to follow the directions of the Government regarding the measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 especially in this Even the second wave of the disease has witnessed a terrible damage through the number of cases and deaths due to the disease.
Bah SP Swer MLA, used to speak in the Assembly, since 1972 onwards that the Sohra coal has started to run out even though the people know and think to mine.
If CAB means Citizenship Amendment Bill.
Meghalaya, along with other states and union territories, has started preparations for this special day on the 13th of July and is waiting to see the flag of the country in all the houses. .
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) has helped to send 80 poor children from Class I to Class XII to school by spending all the necessities at the school.
He said that this center will help to solve the problems of many farmers.
We urge the Judges to exercise that power wisely and not allow such cases to reach a stalemate.
Meanwhile, WJH has won twice and lost once to SGH with one game having to be canceled after a weather interruption.
The Jowai Bypass is being maintained by the PWD (Road) Department of the State.
“This happened after the Airport Authority of India (AAI) requested more space to operate the airport.
In Cooch Behar, Bihar tied for 404 runs with Abhishek 5/89, Sudhir Sahani 4/117 and Aryan 1/9
Shillong: The Sur U Paidbah Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep today wrote to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to urge the government to fix the fare of vehicles especially for taxis operating in the city. Shillong.
At the 10-month celebration, the Prime Minister and the Chief Ministers launched the Forest Management Plans.
CEM of KHADC HS Shylla while inspecting the meat farm at Mawlai Mawiong.
The Ministry of Rural Development of the Government of Meghalaya has allocated T.3.26 crore for the repair of these old roads under the PMGSY Scheme. for the improvement of the road from Umden to Umrang and T.32 lakh for maintenance within 5 years.
He urged the neighboring villages of Lapangap, Chebnai, Taloo, Umshangiar, Umplu, Saitsama, Mookoiram and others to cooperate with the Khanduli Village Council.
There has been a lot of debate by women and even lawyers within the country on such incidents and how to come up with solutions to curb it.
According to sources, the body of the child was found in a forest area in Pangthang village. state.
So far, the BJP has won in 47 constituencies, the JDU, which is allied with the BJP, in 37 constituencies and others. The NDA has 86 candidates so far.
During this public awareness campaign on the bad habits of eating and drinking tobacco, it reached 3,500 villagers.
Meghalaya were bowled out for 113 runs in the first innings tied and Sikkim were bowled out for 91 runs for all wickets before Meghalaya set a target of 370/9 Before the end of the match on Tuesday in the second innings tied, which gave the State a lead of 392 runs before Sikkim took the lead in the second innings.
He said that at this centre, many new equipment have been introduced to improve the cultivation of soh and jhur in the modern manner.
In a petition sent to the Minister, the union demanded an inquiry and clarification on the lack of food supply at the Meghalaya Games It would like to express its concern over the distribution of food to the athletes participating in the Meghalaya Games as seen in the media.
In the second phase, the elections for Municipalities and Panchayats will be coordinated simultaneously with these Legislative Assemblies in such a way that the elections for Municipalities and Panchayats will be held within 100 days after the elections. elections for the People’s Assembly and State Legislatures were held.
Shillong: The Government of Lakshadweep has issued an order on 20th November 2018 to all schools in the state.
U Bah Titos appealed to the employees to wait and wait for a while to try and the salary will be paid every month so that they should not lose their salary, because if they lose their salary “The salary is more difficult and if they lose only the arrear, it doesn't affect them,” said Bah Titos.
Mohun Bagan beat Churchill Brothers 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Each team has eight players to compete for the title.
Meghalaya Sengbhalang leaders met with Home Minister Amit Shah in Shillong on Saturday.
They are not leaders, they are just children who follow the lead of Mukul and Ampareen.
