According to reports, the Prime Minister was not able to leave his office in Tura after many hours due to the crowd who prevented him from leaving until after the bus. The situation has become worse and he has not been able to leave this place.
On November 28, 2023, at about 2 pm, a fire broke out in the ground floor of House No.70 JB.Cantonment, Jhalupara. ML-05-A-2201, ML-05-R-1523, ML-10-A-3806 and ML-05-N-7063 were burnt down.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said India will ensure that Pakistan will remain alone in this regard.
Shillong, July 23: A meeting of Adhoc Lower Primary School teachers has been criticized by the CEM of KHADC today in the House. The school will be held on the 3rd of November at 11 am at Riatsamthiah Community Hall, Shillong.
If you remember, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, from the Red Ford, has urged to repeal all the laws passed by the Foreign Government.
Shillong, Nailar 07: Shillong, Nailar 07: The Custom Department on Saturday seized T.90 lakh worth of drugs from Shillong. city.
The State Government will now start the second phase of the Shillong Technology Park and the preparations for the project have already started.
Anet – 6360428508Dr.Sr.
Conrad said that at the meeting, they expressed the strong opposition of the people of the North East to the bill, in which the Minister of Home Affairs, gave an encouraging reply to them. prime minister.
The seized shini and the Bolero were handed over to the Custom Department at Badarpur.
Earlier today, eight cases were confirmed from Kokrajhar, Sivasagar, Dhubri and Dibrugarh districts. Three cases from Kokrajhar, two cases from Sivasagar, two cases from Dhubri and one case from Dhubri. and Dibrugarh.
In the match between Thangsning SCC and Friends United CC, Thangsning SCC won the toss and didn't score before the ball.
These participants will take part in community activities and festivals of charity as a contribution, by volunteering, in which they will also be the spokespersons of the changing the quality of life in the communities in which they live.
If you know how to use them, they bring good, and for those who want to do evil, it doesn't matter.
“It is time in fact it should have been done long ago because the term of Bah Mawrie has expired before the MLA election.
Seinjait Tuber Higher Secondary School and Cham-Cham Secondary School have become the winners of the Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet The final of the tournament was held on Friday at Teilang Dkhiah West Stadium, Khliehriat.
“I request all the residents of Ri Khasi Jaintia to come and register themselves in order to get recognition in the field of selling beef in a clean manner,” he said.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Pillar S Phawa Vice President WJNC-CB, on behalf of Tuber Village under the leadership of Asst Rangbah Shnong, Former Rangbah Shnong, Village Leaders of Tuber Village together with the residents of Tuber Village. The JNC has decided to hold a protest against the JCH Ialong WJHD, on the failure of the hospital to meet the demands of the Council. In another development, the Jaintia National Volunteer Seng under the leadership of Bah Graham Lyngdoh, resident of Tuber Village, EJHD, The President, P Sari in the emergency CEC of the party has decided to march with hundreds of its members on 30th March 2015 to demand the resignation of U.S. President P Sari. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of the State.
they shall be strong, and they shall be strong.
He said that this stadium will help the youth to showcase their sports talents for their future and it will be a great blessing for the youth of the country. Jaintia Hills.
“Before the Assembly elections, Shah announced the Vijay Sankalp Abhiyan from Madhya Pradesh after discussing the preparations for the elections.
Luckyness Khyriem of Chutwakhu won the Player of the Tournament title.
Shillong, Nailur 9: Former Mawprem MLA Manas Chaudhury has denied the allegation by the GLCDS that he misused the MLA scheme from 2005-2 Rs.1.34 crore.
When we turn to the Bible, we thank God that David as King at that time won battles against his enemies.
They said that the patient had written a letter before his death, explaining the stingy count of the staff of the hospital and the authorities inside the ICU. The hospital authorities have issued only the death certificate without issuing any other documents necessary to determine the cause of death.
For those who are sick and disabled, women should be 58 years of age and men should be 60 years of age.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The BJYM Meghalaya has accused the Youth Congress Meghalaya of trying to mislead the people of the state regarding the Delhi Election.
Therefore, Dr. Sohlang urged the people to refrain from eating the meat of pigs that have died of diseases.
In outsourcing terms, then, we’re saying we don’t want to.
At the same time, the Minister informed the Prime Minister that the peace talks with the HNLC are in progress and the state government hopes that the peace talks will be successful. which is equal.
Croatia beat Denmark 3-2 on penalties in the World Cup on Saturday.
Besides, we would like to clarify that the ECC's opposition to the Coke Factories says that the NOCs were issued only with the knowledge of some elders or residents, but the truth is not so. all these things are baseless.
At the same time, the Minister said that the state will start implementing the books prepared by the NCERT and the government will improve them over the years.
The CEO said that the CEC has promised that those whose names are on the Electoral Roll at any Polling Station will not be prevented from exercising their right to vote.
This area is cordoned off and closed to entry and exit.
“This has also been thoroughly discussed and approved by the Cabinet and the annual increase will be 4% of GSDP for 2022 and 2023,” he said.
The floods have affected several households in these two villages where the water has reached the ground floors and even entered the homes of the people due to the lack of water. of the canals to drain the water to the main canals connecting to the Umkhrah River.
In a letter of complaint to the DGP submitted on 4th March, he said that according to Section 197 of the Code of Criminal Procedure of 1973, it is clear that the prohibition mentioned in this section is (i) (ii) not to register a criminal case or investigate by the Police or submit a report by the Police after the completion of the investigation, as defined in section 173 of the Code of 1973.
The injured driver was identified as Donald Chyrmang.
Rupang, you don't know how to sensationalize the topic with a communal tone, you don't know how to make the headline and the writing right, A.p.
The KSU Narpuh Circle and the people are shocked by this annual pollution of the Wah Lukha, and what disappoints the people is that the government is silent without doing anything. They are looking for ways and means to arrest those involved and destroy the Lukha River which is famous for its fish stocks.
Wansuk is the second person from Meghalaya to climb Mt Everest.
The office of the Syiem of the Hima has also been closed from the 13th to the 16th of this month and will reopen on the 18th.
She expressed her gratitude to the Headmistress of Little Flower School, Sr.
The incident happened just two days after they received the vaccine.
The union leaders expressed their regret over the stinginess of the state police department to send police to the check gate which is too short of police and the lack of gypsy vehicles for the police guarding the check gate. mirror.
The Association of Contractors also urged the contractors working in various government departments to come forward and inform the Association if they encounter any problems.
244 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 12 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1252 in the state on Tuesday.
The NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng as promised by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, former Minister of Sports, has not been completed.
He said that the same MLA who had promised to make West Shillong Constituency a Smart Constituency but has turned it into a Sma Constituency because he has brought in these Kharmetor from Them. Mawlong Market, which doesn't need to be explained, the people who walk and stand can see with their own eyes how the Mawlong Market area is full of snow and unsuitable for people especially the residents. children because it is full of waste and affects the health of people from children to adults.
He added that the party will work for the welfare of the people of Hynniewtrep, especially those who need assistance whether they live in Delhi or who come to study and send. care.
He said that Macron has fought as hard as he can to stop the terrible protests in the country, fearing that the protests will continue to intensify and affect jobs and jobs. situation within Paris and throughout the country.
Spain goalkeeper Unai Simon saved Lovro Mayer and Bruno Petkovic in the tie-breaker before Carvajal helped Spain to win the title. to win the title for the first time since Euro 2012 and to beat Croatia.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi will attend these two meetings along with all the NEC Members including the Union Minister in charge of Defence, DoNER Ministers, Governors and Chief Ministers of North Eastern States, Union Ministers from the North East, MPs and MLAs and NEC members. Furthermore, the Chief Secretaries of the States, some of their Secretaries were invited. Central Government departments, officers from the North Eastern States and heads of various departments established with the support of the NEC. Representatives of Self Help Groups, farmers' groups from all five states of the region will participate.
The former MLA from Malki-Nongthymmai constituency has contested the Assembly election from Nongkrem as an independent candidate.
The funeral service will be held on 11/04/2022 at 2 pm at the Catholic Cemetery, Mawlai Mawroh.
Three children were injured and airlifted for treatment after a walkway at a park in Surfside Beach collapsed on Friday.
If people don't understand, God will send more terrible things.
Sangma said Rahul Gandhi's criticism was an insult to the OBCs and said Gandhi should apologize and correct his thinking.
He said that in a meeting with the JNC leaders, the Deputy Commissioner also promised to take action on this demand of the JNC and acknowledged that the landslide has affected the people and the people. He also promised to take action to direct the NHAI staff to irrigate the road to avoid the landslide.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma in a meeting with Meghalaya CM Conrad Sangma on Tuesday discussed the border settlement between the two states and decided to create mechanisms to bring peace. The border residents before conducting a joint inspection of the areas where there is conflict in the month of April.
When asked as one of the Khasi youths who has brought glory to the nation and the state as a whole, what message does he have to give to the people of Shillong and the state as a whole? Eugene said that the message he would give to them is, “We all have to work hard for ourselves in whatever job we have a desire and we should work. As football players we have to be smart, disciplined and disciplined, but first of all we have to remember in prayer to God to guide us. Eugeneson Lyngdoh said in an interview with Rupang.
The award ceremony will be held after the training has been completed.
It provides a platform for all stakeholders from Government, business, charities and the community to come together to work together and coordinate their efforts for scalable and more effective programs.
He said that a lucky draw will be held on the last day.
He said that the party cannot accept the employment of foreigners from outside the state even for the Muster Roll and whether the youth of the state cannot do this job. The RBYWO leader said that the RBYWO is angry with the Director of the Water Department. He added that the RBYWO is angry with the Director of the Water Department. & Soil Conservation, because even the muster roll jobs have been filled by foreigners, the salary is T.14 to T.15 thousand which affects the future of employment of the youth. state.
When inquired, he said that the police did not arrest the taxis on this day because they may not have received an order from the DC to check the Odd-Even.
He said that Arashad had gone to JHADC to submit his Trading License to the JHADC to show that he was no longer the owner but had sold it to him . There are 4 Pnar women working there.
The two-day exhibition was inaugurated by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang in the presence of IZWrang, Deputy Director Industries, Bah EDkhar, BDO Umling, Bah H.Decruse. GM, DCIC, Nongpoh and other government officials.
Germany will face England on Tuesday at Wembley Stadium.
Regarding the statement of Bah LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin, who said that as soon as he won the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ, he was announced publicly and expelled from the party. LG left the party by joining the PDF without informing the party and was not expelled from the party, but fled along with Bah Morningstar Mawsor.
When inquired about the anti-party activities of these four candidates, they said that they have gone to many villages to campaign for Grace Mary Kharpuri and they also want the UDP to give her ticket. Grace will be born in
On the 11th of this month at 7:50 pm, the BSF seized 25 cows while on the 13th, they seized 45 cows.
However, the behavior of Bah Samlin is like a man who hides in the leaves of a tree and thinks that the tree is ugly without understanding that it gives him peace.
“...the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has convened a meeting with the Union leaders on the 22nd of November at her office regarding their strike,” the letter said. It was sent by the department to the Union on Monday.
Finally, I had to hand over to those two or three of the group of 24 who were watching the foolishness of those who were pretending to be leaders.
For glory cometh not from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
For the sake of love St. Valentine was executed by Emperor Cladius II on 14 June 14th century.
“I would like to thank all the members of JHADC from MDCs to employees who have cooperated with the district council despite the salary shortage for more than 7 months now even during this time of curfew. Lockdown in all parts of India,” said Ma Thombor Shiwat.
On the other hand, the founder of AOG, Achyuta Samanta, said that he started doing charity work when he was 5 years old, when he didn't have any income opportunities. study.
These KSU leaders in Ri Bhoi District, who were elected on Saturday, will soon be confirmed by the KSU Sengkmie. The date and time of the confirmation will be announced later. .
As soon as HDR Lyngdoh sat down, Ardent M Basaiawmoit immediately stood up to take his turn to speak. Speaking in the House, Ardent said that he now understands that the MDC has Sohiong, who is a member of the PDF, said that it was the pigs that ate the goats. “I thought we had only fellow shepherds, but there were pigs”.
“We urge the Sordar to convene a Dorbar and explain the reasons for the purchase of land by this woman who has a foreign husband in Sohryngkham. without informing the EC in the village”.
When reading from the old records, it is believed that the father of this child was Mr. Jones who was a surveyor who lined the road.
Don't want what you want until you get to trouble.
Nongpoh Police Station is conducting investigation to find out the cause of the accident.
Speaking on the occasion, he said, “We are afraid that the people have been misled.
Parat Pnan returned to the cremation and called Meirad Wankitkhoh to look after this place full of wild fruits and vegetables and told her that if the Lord wills, it will be good. and they shall dwell therein.
He explained that the Act 2009 clearly states the need for free and compulsory education, free education and the same for children between the ages of 6 to 14 years.
Two persons involved in the illegal trade in these drugs have been arrested by the Police.
“The important thing is that we want peace and we will decide how to move forward on this because we all want peace,” he said.
LP School.
He said that the drinking water sources should be clean and free from any pollution.
The Mawlai MLA said he had no intention of asking Bah Lapang to return to the party because he is a very old man and knows what to do.
Shillong, July 13: The IBSWO, today held a meeting in Mairang with the participation of the leaders of the Hima Nongkhlaw, Hima. Rambrai, Raid Mynsaw and other political parties from Assam, Manipur and Nagaland have decided to block Assam's plan to dam the Wah Khri and demanded from the Meghalaya government, that it should immediately inform the Assam government of its opposition on this issue.
They should remember that when the Garo demanded a separate state, Bah Hoping and the Khasi Pnar people also agreed to this.
The Society will have to repair and improve all the roads built of siej, all the siej bridges have been destroyed, after the closure of this place for about 7/8 months. ei now due to the lockdown imposed by the government due to the spread of Covid-19 which has caused a huge loss and impact not only to the Society, but also to the people who live and earn a living. from the tourism industry of this place.
Santhosh Hangal, Secretary, Kannada Development Authority (KDA), said that the state government will soon issue an order on the rule to speak Kannada. .
To express publicly, it can be said that this enthusiasm of the people of Mawhati to eliminate the use of money during the elections will be a good example not only for the people of Mawhati Constituency, but This will also be an example for the people of the state as a whole where if they continue to ignore the power of money only during the elections they will not see any changes that will benefit the people in terms of development. that par.
“The delay in implementing the District Task Force and the installation of the gate has put Meghalaya at risk which is a state with a large population of small paid people,” said the spokesperson. Streamly S Niangti, Financial Secretary of the Central Body, said in a statement.
No one was injured in this incident, although one vehicle collided, there were 6 people including 4 men and 2 women and another vehicle that collided first in front of them only 2 people, one woman and one man.
CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwat did not attend the meeting, while CEM of KHADC Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM of GHADC Denang T Sangma and Deputy CEM Augustine. Marak attended the meeting.
“If there is any party that puts the nation first, we are ready to cooperate,” said Bah Ronnie.
There is no need for a foundation.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, the union has demanded that the government should immediately improve the road, otherwise the union will not hesitate to take the necessary action, whether it is to lodge a complaint. to the higher authorities, because as it has been found out now, it has been seen that the government has done nothing wrong for the people who live in this village and who have faced excessive problems, because of the smoke during the movement of vehicles. , besides being a street that ran from near people’s houses.
The four selected youths are Donbokelson Marwein, Deibanshanbor Mylliem and Luckystar Marwein from Mawlangwir and Joyfullness Nongsiej from Mawkyrwat.
The group also met with CEM KHADC, Bah HS Shylla and EM Bah Latiplang Kharkongor to express their deep sorrow and said that they will look into this matter. the life and death of the nation and they hope to do it as soon as possible.
According to him, all these 57 factories have been closed since November 2022.
Only from their speech can we understand what kind of people they are and what their thinking is.
When the story was finished, one of them, the oldest, said,
The deadline for receipt of applications will be on the 31st of this month.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “When the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, returns from Garo Hills, a Cabinet meeting will be held to decide on the date of the Garo Hills. On the statement of the BJP party in the MDA government that the government cannot hold elections this month, it will seek permission from the Governor to hold elections in GHADC. Prestone said that if the BJP party goes to the Governor, the government will also go to the Governor, because whatever the Cabinet decides will have to be sent to the Governor. the state does not allow.
It is to be recalled that this is not the first time that the Governor has spoken in Hindi, but as these four members are not yet in the Dorbar, others who do not want to be insulted have listened and accepted. Be gracious.
Speaking on the occasion, Rakkam A. Sangma said that the Teacher's Initiative Conclave is not only for the distribution of appointment letters to teachers.
The event will start at 7 pm.
The 71st ranked player in the world, in his participation in the tournament, has managed to beat Dusan Lajovic by scoring 6 wickets. 1, 4-1; Zhang's opponent from Serbia has retired due to illness.
On the government's intention to submit a proposal to the Water Resources Department to clean up the river, Dr Laloo said the PHE department's intention has nothing to do with the Water Resources Department project.
The SD SEO wrote the letter on 1st July, 2015 but the school authorities received it on 7th July,
The HYC Leader said that the Meghalaya High Court has recently declared the gates illegal because according to the MRSS Act 2016 it has not empowered the state government to implement the gates.
“What is the point of the government calling for a clean environment in the villages through the Swacch Bharat Mission, but it itself has misled the people about the cleanliness of the environment. “It's not like this village, where the people are suffering even when they ring or breathe,” said Bah K.Suting.
“Those who say 'Yes' are paid.
And these children were known as shipara.
It is also through these meetings that almost all the candidates who have won the elections are smiling with the hope that they have won but they don't know that in the elections in the state, almost all of them are still following. support those candidates who benefit.
Jaintia Hills has produced great thinkers and intellectuals like Dr Baristar Pakem, John Deng Pohrmen and many other intellectual leaders of Jaintia Hills, said Bah Ardent. now they have elected such leaders who cannot be elected to the Legislative Assembly.
Satan convinced her by saying, 'You will not surely die, but you will be like gods, knowing good and evil.
“The cooperation will not affect anything because there is no relationship between the District Council and the state government as they have their own independent authorities,” he said.
At the same time, the Adhoc Committee has directed all the Kur Leaders in Ri Bhoi, Jaintia, East and West Khasi Hills to set up Units so that they can to bring about the unity of the entire Shangpliang clan.
Since Tuesday, farmers from Uttar Pradesh and Haryana have been flocking to Ghaziapur, carrying food and water by tractors and trucks to the protest site.
Most of the radon gas (222) is buried deep in the rocks underground, but when the ground is dug and those rocks are removed and broken, this radon gas comes out to cleanse with lyer.
However, today, through this statement of these two cases before the court, the matter may have reached a settlement, as both the parties have expressed that they will ask for land even from the army here in Shillong.
He said the KSU stands firm on the ground that the ILP should be implemented in the state to prevent the entry of foreigners.
At this time, it seems that the Jaintia Dorbar has disappeared after merging with the Jaintia Welfare Union, but the Jaintia Dorbar has revived under the leadership of several Rangbah, including Kat Pde, Tngen Dkhar, Kartus Lakiang, Bran Suchiang, Noren Talang and later Sawang Lamurong MDC, Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and others.
This incident happened on Tuesday, which has caused problems to the people in coming and going.
Shillong: U Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, MLA Mawsynram, on Tuesday demanded that the government should import synsar, sohmrit iong and tyrpad.
In a clash that lasted about 45 minutes, the Magistrate and Police finally managed to persuade the members of the four Sengbhalang to burn the statues between the opposite road and the gate of the Orchid Hotel. Shillong is about 10 km away from the residence of the Prime Minister.
He said that the personal interview should be conducted with a camera.
Speaking to reporters, Senior Congress Leader Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “We are protesting against the increase in the price of petrol which has reached T.76.5 per litre and diesel T.68 per litre. liters in the state and the price has increased sharply due to the collection of taxes by the central government.
However, the police chased him and arrested him and he was seriously injured.
Nongstoin, 24 Naiwieng: A coal worker u This is the second incident in Borsora, South West Khasi Hills District.
Earlier, TULBA members held a Christmas Carol march on motorcycles which started from the ground floor of the State Central Library, Shillong and ended at Wah Mawpat.
“I have come to meet the EM of KHADC to urge him to help the residents even though they are not the owners of the state because they have lived here and earned their living here for many decades,” he said. Hek said that the Government departments should provide assistance to any foreigner who is residing in the country and who has the necessary documents and certificates to get the job. trading license.
The treatment has limitations.
Revelation 6:17, and after the war of Armageddon.
what shall become of those children without thy share?
Dhagat started the pageant last year in Guwahati, where she won the title of Mrs India International Global and this is the opportunity for her to compete in Malaysia.
At the time of his inauguration as President of the United States, the BBC said: "He is the first Black American President" happy with pride, that the flesh-and-blood, the seed of their country, has become President of America.
Thabah said it is regrettable that the government has decided not to include nurses in the selection committee of the department.
He said that the reason for the Sordar dispute in the Raid is because there is no money allocated by the government for the Raid for the construction of the road from Umshyrpi to Tamabil.
The Central Recruitment Board (CRB) has conducted the examination for the recruitment of Police Officers according to the rules.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday said that he will meet with the Union Minister of Education, Dharmendra Pradhan in the presence of the Minister of State for Education. Rakkam A. Sangma, Government of Meghalaya, to discuss the Common University Entrance Test (CUET).
Do you know why I say this? And why? I say this because we human beings today don't think about the future, and we don't hesitate to do even evil deeds, even if we know that they shouldn't be done, such as For example, the knowledge of uranium can affect our health, but just to get rich we don't care about it, and we still get many things.
He said that after hearing of this incident, he was filled with sorrow and he will ask the authorities to increase the number of police patrols in Mawlasnai, so that they can maintain peace and order. Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Umtlieh, Bah Precious Masharing, said that the KPLT militants have claimed to be members of the KPLT group. KPLT through the Area Commander, who spoke in Karbi, has threatened him since 14th June after he was appointed as Rangbah Shnong, that every household in the village should If they cannot pay, he as the Rangbah Shnongun will be shot, but later they have dropped from the price they have set after requesting with the Rangbah Shnongun. The price they have set is T.1,000 per house.
NEHU Shillong beat GHDCA by 3 runs and Manik Das of NEHU Shillong won the Man of the Match award with 40/2 runs.
If Kiren Rijiju trains him to run in the 1000 meter race, we will hold another Kambala, which will be like the Olympics.
In his speech, the Chief Guest congratulated all the party office bearers for opening this office of the party through the cooperation of all the party members.
Meanwhile, at a meeting in Sohra, which was attended by various leaders from all over the constituencies, it was decided that this time they will elect the Congress candidate Donevan Kharwanlang.
She herself is busy working inside Hali while her son runs east and west and sometimes walks on the Hali sticks and squats near her.
He said that the case against the sordar is still pending in court and no order has been issued.
From the speech of Bah Ardent, it was suspected that at the meeting, Bah Ardent might announce that he will resign, because when asked he did not answer anything, and said, “We will listen at this meeting. session".
For if the blood of goats and bulls, and the ashes of a heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctify to the purifying of the flesh: how much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without blemish? without blemish before God" Hebrews 9:12-1
It was a happy and successful day for the Women's World Championships in Delhi, where four of the country's leading women's boxers won the Women's World Championships. Nikhat Zareen (50kg), Lovlina Borgohain (75kg), Nitu Ghanghas (48kg) and Saweety Boora (81kg) have now qualified for the finals after winning their respective categories. in the field.
“We will advertise another 1500 vacancies in the Police Department alone,” said Prestone.
Furthermore, the District authorities for the sake of the welfare and peace and order of the people, have issued an order under Section 144 CrPC issued on 11.07.2023 to ban the movement of the people. or any group within a radius of 1 km from the site of these illegal coal mining factories and the public is directed to cooperate with the District authorities while this work is ongoing.
Shillong, November 28: U Congress MLA from Mylliem constituency, who is also the Minister in charge of Urban Development and at the same time the Congress spokesperson in the state, on Tuesday said that that the BJP is a political party that wants to bring one religion in India like Pakistan.
This shows a special focus on development in the Northeast," he said.
Both the parties have settled the case and there is no need for any discussion.
This method of explanation makes it difficult for students to know where they are going.
As a family, we are deeply saddened to announce to all the Kurs, Khas, Man, friends and neighbours, that our beloved mother (L) Phiyoohika Paswet, who lives in Khlieh, has passed away. Umsacham, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai I passed away on
This road will run from Mawlai, Mawprem through Umshyrpi-Wahumkhrah to 3mer/Nongkseh/Nongumlong to 7mer.
Our intellectual capacity is strong even if the English is still strong, let alone the Khasi language.
On the other hand, the MLA has been able to fulfill what he had promised in 2019 on the opening day of the Golden Jubilee celebration of the school and CMC Nongkohlew.
“We have decided to strengthen the Police Department soon.
There is no other way for the children, but to grow up and work like animals in the tea garden.
The Supreme Court has strongly upheld the curfew imposed by the Government of India, which has caused this great problem, the poverty of the people of the country and then the debt of the people of the country. The Supreme Court has said that the Government of India is hiding in the shadow of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The criticism is enough to understand the power of the present government of India.
Open Men's Singles Mebanker Shullai beat Deilangwao Nongpluh 21-10, 21-1
Speaking to reporters on the ban on Kerala Story in West Bengal, Mamta Banerjee said she took this decision because she did not want to create racial discrimination.
After they had arranged the wedding day and the people to invite to the feast, and perhaps from the list of people, Jesus and His disciples were set apart to be invited to attend. only.
I don't know what it means, but the Rajasthan government has also been involved in the project, which will provide the mechanisms and the budget.
Speaking to media, after a meeting with the Sohra PS, Rueben said that it was after the KSU threatened that if the police chief is still with them, they will leave. syndon, and it was on this basis that he was sent outside and the conversation went on.
The new cases include 197 from East Khasi Hills, 38 from West Garo Hills, 13 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from South West Garo Hills, 5 from South West Jaintia Hills, 7 from North Garo Hills and 7 from Eastern West Khasi Hills. Hills 6, South Garo Hills 7, West Khasi Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has expressed its satisfaction with the announcement by the Prime Minister that the peace talks between the Three Groups will start in July
thank you very much.
“The most important thing is to follow up on the work that my father has done to develop the district of Sohra,” said Balajiedkupar. “I will continue the work of my father”.
It also aims to support ITIs and Apprenticeship Training, improve teaching and learning.
Conrad also suggested to Modi that Team India or Niti Ayog should bring about cooperation between the states.
What else will they do when they are released after three years of imprisonment and what will be their future?"
In 2004, MS Associates asked the state government to reduce the fee from T.12 crore per annum to T.12 crore per annum. .6 crore.
Replying to the question, he said that so far, the department has distributed 2962 vaccines (until yesterday) to prevent at-sniehdoh in cattle.
“If we find them drinking alcohol, we will fine them and lodge a complaint against them,” he said.
Besides, for more than 34 years the Congress Government has ruled in Meghalaya, as mentioned above, a lyngkrang state as it is.
Khliehriat, June 16: Two houses have been destroyed by a strong wind in Daistong village, East Jaintia Hills District. rain slammed into the houses.
We should also express our gratitude to the Central Government and the State Government that despite many delays and shortcomings they have been able to provide this medicine for us the citizens.
They also said that although there are many people who criticize Bah KP Pangñiang, it was during his tenure as MDC for three and a half years and MLA once that the Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency has received many benefits from the roads. , schools, bridges and if it weren't for him, the road from Langja to Tynghor even the trucks wouldn't have been able to pass and the road from Ktiehthawiar to Langpih wouldn't have been discussed. all of them are the property of Bah Pangñiang.
On this occasion, Bah W Humphrey D Syngkon, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar and Additional Advocate General of the Government of Meghalaya, said that alcohol is one of the main reasons why people are led to drugs. rape and violence against women.
The government has also allocated T.127 crore this year for this purpose and has set a target to implement this target within five years by
As Christians we are in a spiritual warfare against the forces of darkness and the forces of Satan.
Shillong: There have been 101 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, according to the Director of Health Services (MI), Dr Aman War. There have been 1,476 confirmed cases in the state.
He said that the fair will be attended by participants from all over the world who will have the opportunity to exhibit various paintings and crafts, tour operators, hoteliers, managers Homestay and tourist attractions.
The actions of the Kharmetor show clearly that they want to fight and challenge the Khasi.
The Meteorological Department has also warned that there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms in the next 24 hours and heavy rainfall in parts of the state. the same time.
? When and who made the children of our country so far? Who is responsible? The unions! the government! or religious groups! Before the sun goes down, before the moon rises, the earth will give us peace.
In a statement sent to the media, he said that as a farmer of Sohniamtra, he has requested assistance from the District Horticulture Ri Bhoi Office on the assistance to the farmers through this. HMNEH has requested for clarification through RTI for more than 30 days, but the office has not yet responded. to respond to him as a farmer who seeks information on this scheme.
When the Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi, visited the area, he met and encouraged the residents of Madan Umwang and told them to continue the construction of the road. ICDS, who also promised to the residents of the village that he will take the necessary action if Assam continues to invade.
In Kangpokpi, the Minister of Home Affairs met with community groups such as the Committee on Tribal Unity, KukiInpi Manipur, Kuki Student Organization, ThadouInpi, leaders and intellectuals.
The total number of Dolloi voters in Nartiang Elaka is 7196 but out of these, 5946 turned out to vote which is 82.63%, and 186 votes were invalid or invalid.
Preparations for these large services are in full swing to welcome the large number of people who will attend these services.
The rangiakura received the support of many people today and in the end he managed to win the match in the city.
However, the police did not allow the crowd to play chess, as they had confirmed that they were walking safely.
Unidentified robbers have burnt down a large quantity of rice in Sung Valley, Muskut District, West Jaintia Hills District.
“Even the MDCs who sit in the District Council are like dead trees, as soon as the storm comes they will be destroyed and this has confirmed the claim that the JHADC is about to collapse. jyllop" concluded the statement.
The word of God was fulfilled – “Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, that I will turn again the captivity of my people Israel and Judah: I GIVE IT TO THEIR FATHER, AND THEY SHALL HAVE IT” Jeremiah 30:3
Speaking to media, Marak said that sitting MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma will undoubtedly win a glorious victory in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
He said that the collapse of the well may have been due to the negligence of the contractor without properly implementing the well and this has put at risk the passengers.
The current kava theme is on relations between China and Russia, especially at a time when Moscow's invasion of Ukraine has intensified and spread to other parts and cities and from Xi's side has not condemned Russia since the beginning of the war, although the US and NATO countries have accused China of exporting and helping deliver weapons to Russia for this purpose. you are fighting.
The deceased was identified as Aynal Hoque of Purandiara village in Mankachar, Assam.
Application forms are available from the DSO office during office hours.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Meghalaya Cements Limited (TOPCEM) today protested against the insulting speech of some officials of Meghalaya Cements Limited (TOPCEM) against the protesters at the Public Hearing in Thangskai. call upon the public to refrain from buying dewbilat and other products from this Company.
In the men's category, Teiboklang Biam came first, Dasaman Kyndait came second and Daemiryntihki Pakma came third.
In another development, six members of the Press Council of India met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri and the Minister of Information and Public Relations, Bah AL Hek.
San Francisco: Mark Zuckerberg on Friday announced that Facebook has changed its name to Meta. Your works are bad in these days.
In connection with this tournament, the federation has arranged to conduct an age check for the players on the 15th of this month.
The celebration was also held across the districts, sub-divisional and blocks.
He suggested the department to strive to provide jobs besides water and electricity and added that the Government has done many things to promote economic development.
In another match of Pool B, Lumshken beat Shilliang Umshong 1-0
The time of the end or the long time begins at the end of the 69 weeks.
Kim should therefore take something else.
There are 76 other employees, who are with the minister, who are undergoing the same treatment.
The President of Seinraij Jowai, Bah OR Challam, said that the Forest Department in 2019 had promised to clean and restore the Myntdu and Lukha Rivers but until now this promise has not come to an end.
The following year he increased his salary as it was the year of salary increase for all government employees.
The UDP has joined hands with the HSPDP in Khasi and Jaintia Hills and the Garo National Council (GNC) in Garo Hills in the upcoming MLA elections.
They lived happily ever after and had 4 children, 3 daughters and a son.
On the other hand, the Principal of the Polytechnic College, Bah WL Warjri, said that the college has been built for three departments including Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Engineering.
Regarding the Home (Jail) department, Bah Dhar said that he has not yet had the opportunity to meet with the officers of this department.
“About 6000 to 7000 students have appeared for the CUET-UG examination, but most of them have not registered at all.
Now they can support, there is no problem at all.
From his shop you can get from the smallest items like a pin to items as big as an elephant from his shop.
The true voice of the people shouts 'Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Lyngam, Haharam' if those leaders listen to that voice that says 'Don't burn like a miaw, for there is no rympei to ksan and to rem in the council nearby, for even in the first council there is no way to fulfill all; therefore gather yourselves together, and choose one chief to lead you at the head.
The kidnappers also demanded T.5 lakh from him for his release.
These JSM leaders together with the village leaders had the opportunity to meet with the DC at his office. After this meeting, the Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Yoshida Nongspung, said that the DC also said that promised to take action within 10 days to discuss with the Assam authorities.
He said the health department is struggling to reduce and cure the number of cases.
“We need to work together to ensure that all children are in school,” said Bah Wahlang.
It is prohibited to enter and leave these areas.
This problem may be caused by the border villagers who have not been to those areas who cannot explain where the border of the state is in the past, because only those who have lived in those areas for a long time. They know well from generation to generation where the boundary is to determine what their ancestors have given.
After the two cases reached a settlement, Bah Niman Shadap said that he has nothing against Bah Dapoiwanmi Laloo regarding the past incidents.
“When we get the holidays, we will go to Sohra for a picnic,” said the father while they were eating one morning.
RANIKOR: The Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ, unfurled the Flag of the country and took the salute of the Parade Contingent. in the square of Nolikata, Ranikor C&RD Block.
“For whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted” Matthew 23:8-1
KSU Khliehriat Circle President Streamly N Suchen and Cherity Suja General Secretary KSU Khliehriat Circle have congratulated Seinraij Tuber for holding the Behdieñkhlam of Raij Tuber from the 16th to the 19th of this month. Please follow the COVID-19 guidelines.
The people need to understand this.
The deaths include EKH: 09, RBD: 02, SWGH: 01, SWKH: 01 and WJH: 01. According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 408 new cases have been confirmed. There are 6913 active cases in the State.
Shillong: The ADMA Musical Club wishes you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
Jowai: To preserve the environment and protect wildlife is the duty of God's special creation.
“It is learned that there are about 15-20 NSCN members who have come to India from Myanmar. officer government.
“The UDP and HSPDP formed the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) in 2018 to appoint their MLAs to the NPP-led coalition government. After the meeting of the Central Executive Committee, the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, said that they have not yet been able to talk about the soskular before the elections or how many people will vote. They have not yet discussed with the RDA on this issue.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the parents who are the main reason for the development of the schools through their sending their children to the schools that the government has already established. to be placed in the villages.
The provision of medicines and other necessities is essential.
Therefore, in these days, there has been a lack of rights of the people especially in terms of employment.
Hundreds of households have been living in darkness in Khliehriat West for more than a month due to the lack of attention by MePDCL to repair the transformer, said the JNC. .
The Jaitbynriew Jaiñtïa is one of the richest nations, not only in income, in property, but especially in language, culture and dignity.
The Special Judge, while hearing the case on 28th June, sentenced him to imprisonment for up to 25 years and a fine of T.50,000 under Section 6 of the POCSO Act. months if you don't pay the fee.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the Rozgar Mela and distributed 51,000 appointment letters to newly employed youth through video conferencing on Tuesday.
In the past few months, the residents have been facing darkness and lack of electricity for many days and until now the light is not sufficient.
This article is not a praise or honor to the ASHAs, but an attempt to understand the value of their services, their contribution to health and income generation and especially to understand the problems and to call together the citizens to stand and support for their rights.
According to the rules laid down by India Oil Ltd, each petrol depot should be within 150 km of another petrol and diesel depot but the distance from Lokhra to Umiam is only within 150 Kms and for that reason, no petrol and diesel filling station has been set up.
However, today we see the power of the NPP and we also see the strength of our youth in Meghalaya.
The traffic change will be effective in Iawmusiang from 3 pm to avoid traffic jams in Iawmusiang.
Of these, 17 have died in Lombardy, the worst affected area.
During the meeting, they said that they have met with the Union Ministers and submitted their demands regarding these two Bills.
Efty United XI Mynso won the toss and elected to bat first by scoring 230 runs in 35 overs for the loss of six wickets. Sanvert Kurkalang took 23 runs from 32 balls in 107 balls while Conard Sana took two wickets from five overs and Shaniah Ryngkhlem took two wickets from six overs.
In the letter, these MDCs said that in October 2019, after the announcement of the names of the MDCs who have been elected in the 2019 elections, the political parties have immediately sought ways to elect them. The political parties under the MDA umbrella, UDP, NPP, HSPDP, PDF and MDCs themselves have been given the opportunity. to form an Executive Committee in KHADC under the banner of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA).
[From old articles of U Rupang]
The poor Si are not allowed to be given a gift unless they die.
The Minister of State, who is also the MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, was the chief guest on the occasion. that these are indeed those citizens who have exceptional talent in their lives and who are extremely in need of special support to enhance their talent and also support them in all aspects.
Shillong: There have been 27 new cases of covid-19 in the state.
The French, before sacrificing a blang, tested the puja by sending a sacrifice of a blang to see if the ritual was true.
It is through the jait ka kynja from the mother that we can count and identify ourselves as Khasi.
“The traditional festival should have more traditional foods but we found that there are only one or two shops selling dohum such as sher syngkai and dohthli,” said Bah P Swer.
Besides the committee of Bah Rowel, the government has also appointed a committee headed by Additional DGP SK Jain and a committee headed by Chief Secretary Barkos Warjri to advise the government on how to prevent the spread of the disease. the entry of foreigners into the state.
One woman invited journalists to her shop and showed them the rotten jalieh jalieh and meat she had broken. la pyut” she said and showed me the small and large bowls of her dabor in which she had stored these rotten foods.
" (Hosea 11:8).
“He also urged the people not to succumb to intimidation and said, “Such politics, especially dynastic politics in the state in the past years has destroyed the country. Meghalaya and the North East as a whole, but I am pleased to say that Meghalaya and the region as a whole are now with the Lotus flower.
About 65% of the youth in the State are below 30 years of age.
Another friend is still missing and police are still searching for him.
“On the other hand, the relatives of Bah Kyrmen have confirmed that it was the foreigner who killed Bah Kyrmen that night, and they also want the police to reveal the name and show. far away from this foreigner, that we may know who he is.
Only one of us Malngiang doesn't accept that we come from a pig.
In fact, the State of Meghalaya has the highest number of players in the biggest clubs in the country and has not yet received the love of the people in the field of sports.
175 villages under 18 revenue circles of Dhemaji, Dibrugarh, Darrang, Jorhat, Golaghat and Sivasagar districts are still under flood.
The Shad Lyngdoh of the Raid Shabong, Khyriem Syiemship, will be held on the 29th October 2021 at Madan Shad Lyngdoh, Rangthylliang Village. The ceremony was held, as usual since ancient times, according to the customs and traditions of the Raid Shabong.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to visit Kaziranga National Park this month, the source said.
Besides the awards and gifts as a souvenir to those who were invited, there were also many activities which were participated by the students of the school such as songs, dances and drills.
The Tripura child, who is from the border area of ​​Ichamati village, East Khasi Hills, was found on the night of November 15 at the house.
He is just an armed man and what he did when he joined the armed group.
The San Kur and Khadwei Kur of the Raid Mylliem performed the ritual with a knia ka khriam, white goats without marks, iong pigs without marks and cows to thank and worship. according to the customs of the kingdom and the raid.
The repair of the water pipe is in progress and the water supply will continue until the evening of the 15th of this month.
The State Director of KVIC Shillong, Mange Ram, explained about the Gramodyog Vikas Yojana (GVY) and other schemes proposed by KVIC, DCIC and KVIB to support local entrepreneurs. and unemployed youth.
The rice was recently stolen from a company of Chhaygoan Industrial Development Centre, Chhatabari, Boko Police Station in Kamrup Rural District.
In the match between West Madan Mustem and Lion Sports & Youth Affairs, Lion Sports & Youth Affairs scored the first goal in the 10th minute. 6 by Arkin Laloo.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Four GNLA cadres have surrendered to the Williamnagar Police Station in East Garo Hills today.
According to a letter received from the Indian Oil Corporation Limited, Guwahati, it has advised all LPG consumers to use gas appliances. If you have a Marked ISI, you must replace the hose pipe within 5 years of the manufacturing date.
Egypt has said it wants talks between Israel and Palestine to continue for a ceasefire, although it does not want to call the two sides back to talks. discuss.
The election case was filed under sections 80 and 100 (1) (a) of the Representation of People Act, 1951, and is a case questioning the election of Kartush.
I have heard that in the past people were very respected in this beloved Khasi country.
In a road accident in Ri Bhoi on Tuesday night, a truck carrying tyndong lyer number AS04-4201 collided with a truck on the National Highway in the village. It is located in Ri Bhoi District.
He said that if we can do better in the field of herbal medicine, there is no need to go to mine coal.
At the same time, the three leaders discussed how to curb North Korea's misbehavior in response to the warnings from South Korea and the US to stop its nuclear activities. 'Its nuclear war, which happens more and more from time to time.
That is why people will cry out: 'WISDOM, WISDOM, WISDOM, EVEN IF WE BECOME ANIMALS!' , for evil does not produce good.
Therefore, they need to develop their own community and they need Khasi youth to become officers, doctors, teachers working in the state so that other communities will not become the owners of this country. Your beloved Khasi country.
Shillong, Nailur, 04: The NPP-led MDA Government's plan to relocate 342 households has shocked the residents of Laitumkhrah as the Quarter of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) is located near the village. Boyce Road and the state's outstanding institutions.
Once there were those who brought gas shet jingshet and khew shet and shet syndon there on the ground.
Therefore, the party needs the youth to work hard and unite to ensure that the party will win in all three constituencies of the district.
Nongpoh Police Station is conducting investigation to find out the cause of the accident which claimed the lives of two people. tragic event.
Isn't the government's introduction of the 4-lane road and the Shillong By-pass for the benefit of the people of the state?
“Therefore, I have submitted this letter of resignation as the Primary Member of the BJP in Meghalaya from now on for personal reasons,” he concluded.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : Four marathoners from the State have brought fame and glory to the State in the North Half Marathon held at Maligoan, Guwahati on 5th June.
The two LeT militants, Maroof Nazir and Shahid Showkat, who were arrested on 17th June last year, were arrested on He was arrested from Baramulla Police Station this morning.
Clean tissue paper or towels for each member of the household.
Now we have to wait for the police to decide what to do about these incidents.
We have seen that in the MP elections in 2014 and 2019, the BJP alone has won more than 272 MPs on its own.
However, they should take this as an opportunity to improve and improve their working methods.
Other issues include strengthening the District Council by establishing a strong office in Nongstoiñ to provide convenience to the people, markets which are the source of income is another issue. On the other hand, the MLA, Bah Macmillan, said that in the MLA election, he received the most votes from his home village, Mawkawah and he hopes that the people of Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng will win him with dignity. Bah Apsharai from their village to confirm his victory.
Besides, urging the people in the border areas to maintain peace and order, the CM of Assam promised that the two State Governments have tried their best to resolve the disputes according to the wishes of the Assam government. people from both Assam and Meghalaya.
The same goes for food and drink and so on.
He said the government has tried to collect land, but if the government land is not confiscated, the government will not need to purchase land for the implementation of various projects. diverse.
On 24th March, police recovered the bodies of the two abductees.
No meetings were allowed to be held and all shops were closed in the area.
It cannot be denied that under the leadership of the NPP, many things have been done such as the border settlement with Assam.
Many Longkmie on Saturday held a meeting at Nongthymmai Kyrdem village to express their strong opposition to the insult to the employee. They said that the money they had deposited in the bank had disappeared and even the passbook had not been received.
The decision came after many groups complained that the polling day would be Sunday and a special day for the people of Mizoram.
After receiving information about the incident, the police have sent a notice to all districts to be vigilant against the theft of ATMs. in Moodymmai, West Jaintia Hills.
Do other species of mawlong have a relationship with the kharunlong? Does the mawlong still have a relationship with the kharumlong? To marry the Lyngdoh Rngaid and Marbañiang clans, Tell me!! No one has told me I've asked Long or m to marry between two people if the father of the woman is of the same clan as the man Long or not to marry if the father of the woman is of the same race as the brother of the man? I also want to know if the ancestors of the Nongrum tribe besides Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam, who else? one kind to be 7 trep 7 skum? Please tell me if you have it. To live together with the Lyngdoh Rngaid and Marbaniang, Tell us!!.
They don't know which words should be added and which words should be separated.
The award was presented by V Vidyavathi, IAS, Secretary to the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India. to promote tourism and to preserve the culture and traditions that have existed since ancient times.
The SPC also reminded Bah Ardent that it is the duty of journalists to gather information including good or bad, based on facts and not rumors.
Khliehriat Police Station has launched an investigation into the incident.
The meeting was scheduled to be held on July 6 but for unavoidable reasons, it was postponed to today.
However, even within the District, the authorities have tried to do their best by sending IE Volunteers and Block Resource Persons in each block. He urged the Headteachers/Principals to encourage parents if they have children with disabilities to enroll them in schools so that they can get education. The law also empowers them to live freely and to have the same rights and opportunities to participate in society.
When asked whether the decision of the Legislative Assembly has been too high, Dr Mukul said that before taking this decision, it was agreed upon by all after discussion. They need not only the present generation but also the future generation.
Lasse was one of the most talented musicians who honored the Abba in the 1970s and 1980s.
In this regard, the union in the past years has met with the officials of the East Jaintia Hills District Electricity Department and put in writing on the 8th June The union has sent a letter to the Sub Divisional Officer of the Electricity Department in Moowakhu demanding the installation of a transformer and sub station in Wapung. of the residents regarding the supply of electricity in Wapungskur and Wapung Shnong.
The reason why I came to Nongkrem was after I won the election; unlike others who come only during elections.
In the first match which started at 5:30 pm between Laitkroh SC and Mawkriah West SC, Mawkriah West SC won the title. Damutskhem Nongbri scored the first goal in the 24th minute.
Out of the 828 cases, 19 cases have been confirmed in East Garo Hills, 27 cases in East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills. Laitumkhrah, 5 cases in Lawsohtun, 15 cases in Lumparing, 33 cases in Madanryting, 10 cases in Mawbah, 51 cases in Mawlai, 15 cases in Mawphlang, 5 cases in Mawsynram, 11 cases in Nongmynsong, Pursue , 17 cases in Umpling, 8 cases in Upper Shillong.
The team is expected to play well as they have beaten two teams from Manipur; Lajong under the leadership of Bah Bobby L.Nongbet are in sixth position with 25 points after winning six, drawing and losing four out of 100 matches.
Admita Bhattacharjee of St. Mary's College, Shillong won the first prize of Rs 10,000 while the second prize went to Debargha Sarkar of St. Anthony's College. Pynskhem L.Mawnai of Umshyrpi College won the third prize of 7,000 tyngka.
In the Jaintia District Council, only Violet Lyngdoh is contesting the election.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Tuesday protested against the Syiem of Mylliem Hima with the intention of shutting down the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. to look after the administration of the Khadar for the people who came to invade the Raid Marwet.
On this occasion, the chief guest also launched a song sung by Kong Joymery Khardewsaw which was produced by the District Social Welfare Officer Nongstoiñ.
He denied that the comparison between Manipur and Kashmir is groundless and said that the comparison between Meghalaya and other conflict-affected states is groundless because there is a relationship and an agreement here. on the table.
Dr. Radhakrishnan as a human being is a man of integrity and who speaks only the truth and he is a man who does not hesitate to say , ' U mohkhiew ia u mohkhiew ' when it is his turn to speak them truth.
From year to year these incidents are very common because people do not understand or know which tit is good to eat and which is bad if eaten.
Besides these documents, Gurjit said there were other documents showing that the ancestors were brought to the area by British troops from Gurdaspur and Amritsar districts of Punjab.
Besides, he said that those who spoke were also involved during the meeting and the discussion on the demarcation.
Mawsynram MDC and NPP Mawsynram Block President Alvin Sawkmie has said that he doesn't think that former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang, who has just contested against the MLA election, is like his brother. He will support him as a brother in order to strengthen the NPP in Mawsynram constituency and in the state.
This is an evil practice because it encourages those who violently and deprives justice for those who suffer.
It is observed that this morning 10th July 2023, there are some fish shops in Iewduh which sell fish from this state but it will not be able to meet the needs of the people due to the lack of production. fish in this state is not enough compared to the needs of fish consumers.
When asked how confident he is that he will get the votes of KHNAM which Process T Sawkmie received in the last MDC election, Ban said: “The departure of Bah Process is his own departure while the supporters and leaders of KHNAM are still within the party, the departure of Bah Process has nothing to do with KHNAM. , we cannot explain that in 2018 we will get more than Bah Process in the MDC election,” said Bah Ban Nongbri. be bought by the power of money.
This is in implementation of the order issued by the Ministry of Home (Political) on 25th July 2021 which allows up to 20% of commercial vehicles in urban areas and 50% in rural areas. the number of patients, and for the benefit of movement within the district so that there will be no spread of Covid-19 from one place to another.
Boland has been selected ahead of Neser as the fourth pace bowler after Cummins and Mitchell Starc.
“Many of the candidates perform puja and have their own offices and these too have been priced.
Luke 10:18.
Ampareen said that during the peace talks there were some problems but she did not want to reveal them.
According to the DLS method, SGH should have scored 59 runs at that time, through which Tura managed to win by 16 runs.
He is also responsible for the people of the village without being biased,” he said.
If in the General Seats, they can increase to 40 seats and only 30 seats will remain Schedule Tribe (ST) seats.
In the fourth match, Iewrynghep Secondary School beat Rynli UP School 5-0
In verse 8 it is said that the number of those resurrected sinners will be like the sand of the sea (2) Satan will be released from prison.
The more you close, the more you will do, play, dance.
Not all Nongdihkyiad are the same, they differ from each other.
On the other hand, the HBDRF has demanded that the JHADC should take immediate action and hold talks with the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) to immediately stop the construction of this road. beaiñ within the border of Meghalaya.
Regarding these three-storey parking lots, 22% of the work has been completed and Rs 6.27 crore has been paid to Advantika Contractor Limited out of Rs 46 crore allocated for these projects.
He also expressed the government's commitment to protect and preserve the environment through the Mission Green. He said that one of the issues of the Mission Green is the Mission Organic under the 20,000 hectares of land was discovered in 2014-2015 for organic farming.
If the Khasi Hills District Council cannot curb these actions of the landowners and if it does not stop the quarrying of stone and shyiap from all the rivers, disaster awaits us.
There is no need to links with no no, in the work of jam and study dangle, live only for Khasi khara.
Commenting on the incident in Delhi in the past two days, Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Jai Ram Thakur said that only those who accept to say 'Bharat Mata ki Jai' will stay. in India.
The driver of the Moyur 2, which was carrying about 10,000 people, fled the scene.
In the past three years, a lot of money has been invested in the construction of sports and in the next three or four years, it will be more than in the last 45 years.
In particular, how much and how do we value our vote? The decision is up to us individually; I don't know how many votes I have cast.
Lyngdoh has already signed a two-year contract on his return to Bengaluru FC, after losing to Bengaluru FC. and he that hath a special talent in the field.
The Aadhaar based payment bridge system should also be abolished.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Donald V Thabah, on Tuesday sent a strong message to the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP). Foreigners and VHP members who hold rallies, stand in front of churches and shout Jai Shree Ram slogans to incite the paradoh parasnam who are still in church.
The competition was organized by SURE in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agro Biodiversity Society (NESFAS) as part of the project “No One Shall Be Left Behind” supported by Rural. Electrification Commission.
Therefore, the visitors are urged to come and visit the valleys and at the same time to respect the village rules laid down for the safety of the visitors.
On the other hand, the WJH DEF has also sent a message to wish a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to the people of the District.
Applications should be submitted to the Hon. General Secretary of WJDSA, Lammatoo Laloo in due course and the closing date is 17th November
On this night, while the HYC members were ringing video and taking pictures, there was a clash between them and the police, as the police confiscated their mobile phones and deleted the photos.
But I beg and urge this man to turn away from sin.
Sanbor Shullai told reporters that the party is not aware of the personal statement of Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP Meghalaya, on his demand for the resignation of Bah Ernest Mawrie. Lahkmen Rymbui said that the investigation into the deaths of the six workers who died in the coal mine in East Jaintia Hills District last month will be clear and Bah AL Hek agrees with this statement. Bah Sanbor said that Bah Ernest's speech was a personal speech and not that of the party.
One of the rules is that those who have recovered from the disease should practice yoga, should walk in the morning or evening and should also drink a glass of chyawanprash with water or milk.
Captain Rohit Sharma and Mumbai player Yashasvi Jaiswal arrived at the scene.
There was also a strong participation of the parents who accompanied their children.
The arrest of these three persons was made after police received a tip on the presence of a group of people who were trying to smuggle counterfeit money and who were trying to exchange counterfeit money in Umsning. , so when the police conducted a search operation in Umsning, they arrested these three persons.
The deceased was identified as Deeconstar Marbaniang, 25, of Umtrew village in Ri-Bhoi.
Shillong: The registration of candidates for the 60 constituencies in 12 districts of the state today held a thorough review of the nomination papers for the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of this month. 2/2023 there are 379 people.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has discovered drones from Pakistan for the fourth time in the past four days.
The owner of the coal and the owner of the truck are the same person identified as Koneos Lyngdoh of Sohkymphor Pohskur. as well as the drivers have been prosecuted under various sections of the Act.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Dong Patarim, Bah K.Sohtun who said that as a Rangbah he cannot say that they have received a lot of benefits from the MLA. came back empty.
Besides, it is not clear why the money allocated for this purpose could not be used.
Umphyrnai Sports Club scored six goals in the 4th, 18th and 47th minutes, E.Kharkongor in the 4th and 47th minutes. 27 and 45 and A.Kharkongor scored in the 49th minute.
He said the loss of the house has reached about T.3 lakh.
On the 30th November 1862, the Dolloi of Ri Khad-Ar, Woh Kiang Nangbah, was hanged.
In the first leg of the tournament, Ummulong Presbyterian HSS beat Moodymmai SS 2-0. Amlarem SS beat Jowai Govt UP RMSA 3-0 HK Singh Memorial SS won the first match 3-0 against Jaintia HSS. Ialong SS won the second match after They beat Padu Secondary School 1-0
More than 500 employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Monday took to the streets of the JHADC to stage a massive protest against the lack of salary for eight months.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will not forgive if the truth is found out against those government officials involved in the smuggling of drugs at a cost of T.4.25 crore.
Lanosha said, “It's enough, I've already done it... Let's go.
LSN Dykes on Saturday imposed micro containment on four villages including Jowai following the confirmation of COVID-1
The workshop was held to discuss the measures taken by the Alliance to fill the gap in the vaccination programs that are still in place in many parts of the country.
My friend also joyfully accompanied me.
How long will you deceive the Indians?” Salman replied, “These are people who are very stupid and these are things that are not appropriate to talk about.
Bah Nongtraw said it is up to the people whether they want to see change or whether they want to be imprisoned and it is time to work together as one voice for the betterment of the people. of the future of the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19 : Meghalaya played well on the opening day of the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy against Jammu & Kashmir on Saturday at Mangaldai, Assam.
Shillong, March 30: The CSWO has strongly condemned MeECL for the deaths of seven people in a fire at a government company. the state government.
There are 79 cases in East Khasi Hills, 75 cases in East Khasi Hills and 21 cases from BSF, 3 cases from Armed Forces and 51 cases from civilians, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi District and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills. .
He said that he has no objection to the celebration of Holi, as it is a free country to believe in any religious group, where there are many students inside NEHU. belonging to different ethnic and religious groups.
Madan Mohan Das, 66, of Mawbah, Shillong, Vishnu Maya Chetri, 62, of Pynthorumkhrah, Bikram Thapa, 45, of Umpling, Shillong, were arrested. NEIGHRIMS, Shillong, on the 10th of November
Shillong, November 06: The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Bah Gavin M.Mylliem, today announced that the party will start inviting applications for candidates who wish to contest the Legislative Assembly elections from on November 12, 2022.
“It doesn't matter what others do and if the lie leads from the front, you know where you will end up,” he concluded.
Therefore, the Pyndenumiong branch has already proposed the names of the new office bearers as appointed by the members appointed to provide the names of the leaders.
The damaged crops include rice, sohsaw, sohmynken, sohkhia, sying, rice and other crops which have started to sprout.
The Umngot River is to the east.
When we look at and examine the many signs, we lose hope that unity will succeed.
Shillong: Adelbert Nongrum, MLA from North Shillong, on Tuesday said that he is still a member of the MDA.
Not only that, there are many religious leaders or religious leaders who do not feel the need to register them and the people know better and see better who those religious leaders are.
Therefore, God does not say that if anyone destroys the Temple of Solomon or any other Temple, he will be destroyed.
“We have enforced Section 144 and we will not allow large gatherings in this area and we will not allow any march on the victory of the candidates.
The incident, which happened at 3 pm, involved a collision between two vehicles (AS 01EJ 7870), carrying three students. to Guwahati with a truck number NL 01AE
Shillong, July 12: As part of the preparations for the visit of the President of the country, Droupadi Murmu, Shibun Lyngdoh, Moina Sing Phyllut and other BJP workers, The Fire Department on Thursday conducted a mock drill at Raj Bhavan Shillong, which was attended by officers and police of the state.
Regarding the ceremony, he said that the party has not done politics and has to invite government officials to join in the ceremony. The party itself does this work in a fair manner with the respect of those leaders who have made a real contribution to the society in the district and the state.
The poor man doesn't have land to build a house, but the rich man buys hundreds of acres of land.
“Unfortunately, the government has chosen not to do anything regarding the improvement of traffic jam in Shillong by driving better or installing one-way roads or removing vendors and others who should not be on the streets or sidewalks.
Shortly after, two more members of the KSU from Nongmensong, Sabir Jyrwa and Phrang Warjri, were arrested.
The shooting started at 6 pm and continued.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today appointed Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and MLA of Mairang.
He said that the residents of the village have also collected donations to help this family which is suffering from the illness of two children aged two years and two months and the mother is not working. There is a healthy body since the birth of the child, and the father has a healthy body.
The SNSBH will inform the public how to collect this donation so that no one will be able to take advantage of it at this time" [read also page
Shillong: On 16th October 2021, the North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Ltd.
According to the Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR), COAS Asim Munir visited Sialkot Garrison and laid flowers at the statues of the soldiers. Special honor was also paid to those who have sacrificed their lives for the country and the nation in the past.
The Congress leader filed the complaint at Nazira Model Police Station in Sivasagar district of Assam on Tuesday.
He said that the district authorities also plan to have their own app called East Jaintia Hills District, but at present only this Immunization app has been launched and through this app it will be possible to He said that so far it has been received that there are 37 children who have not been able to complete the injections and it is expected that that these also shall be fulfilled.
“I have just received information that the investigating officer has been transferred and that is why I am speaking now.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 29: Two years ago, the MDA government promised to build the road from Nonglang to Mawrok, but no sign has been seen yet,” said Bah Phransis Wanniang, one of the elders of Kyndongei. .
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the closing ceremony of the Wangala Festival which used to play 100 ksing, the Minister said that this festival of the Garo people has shown to the world that they is who they are and what their specialty is.
When trying to explain, Conrad said that the roster without a roster is meaningless.
Dr Don's remarks came in response to a reply by the Minister of Education, Deborah Marak, who said that the reason for the delay in the construction of schools is due to lack of land.
“The State Government has seized the powers of the District Council” and said that it should have accepted the Village Administration Bill (VAB) and amended it if it is not. I need.
These women together with the school children who came by bus blocked the parking lot and blocked the road for several hours.
Not only Narendra Modi, not only Conrad Sangma, but other great leaders of the world, are seeking God these days and the reason is because of the Coronavirus. to the people of the world, in whom the knowledge of science does not know how to fight, and if so, it shows that the knowledge of man is not worth anything, not even a penny. in the mighty power of God.
On the other hand, the UDA, which has 20 MDCs, has filed a no-confidence motion against the EC led by Latiplang Kharkongor.
Then how long shall we understand that we have become like the dead, even the wild beasts which have no power to benefit us?
“It is only in order to get recovery from the disease that the whole family has thought that while there is still money to treat them,” said Ahmed. and his brethren were not healed.
He is the 23-year-old son of Shostar Laloo and Linus Tado.
He said that if this Act is implemented, the ethnic group will become minority in the state and the BJP has a far-reaching goal of having one country, one ethnic group and one religion.
The Government of Meghalaya does not count people.
He spoke on the need to take care of this which will benefit them in the future.
They themselves will no longer be able to work, as they do, for the 'Country and the Nation', without the financial support of the mynder every day.
Rympei PIP, the winner, received a cash prize of Rs 30,000 while Friend United received Rs 20,000 and a trophy.
The department provides training to youth who have become prominent in various fields and also guides youth to be trained in employment.
Glanding Lyngdoh Rangbah Shnong of Oxford Rilbong, Kench's Trace said that this park belongs to the Forest Department, formerly a Children's Park and the area of ​​the land is 12,500 plus Sq. Thanks to the hard work of MLA Bah Sanbor, the Womens Hostel has been turned into a Women's Hostel.
The Lok Sabha elections of India are very important for India especially for the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people.
Customize:In today's world, sons cleanse their mother when she is seriously ill and feed and drink the son.
The purpose of this great war was to eradicate all wars from the whole earth.
However, under the leadership of Bah David O Laitphlang, all this has changed and the government has been willing to provide a stable and accurate scheme.
Zen was a great and famous school teacher.
There are some bad habits that we have that cause brain damage but before this happens, you need to take care to control the stress of the mind to avoid brain damage.
He said that it is because of the request of the people to close down these dhabas while they have not been able to improve the streets and remove the smell that the union has taken the decision to close down these dhabas. It is up to the people to decide when these dhabas can reopen.
From those times until these years, the way of fighting elections has changed dramatically.
Speaking on the UDP's presence in the NPP-led MDA government, Metbah said the UDP is in the government but the lack of MLAs cannot play a major role in achieving the goals. the desires of the people of the state.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor M War today called for the implementation of the MRSSA Act meeting with the village officials of the city and surrounding areas to prepare for the implementation of this Act.
There are MLAs who are quick to reach out to help the sick, the poor and the needy who are suffering in their lives and as leaders they are quick to look after them.
"Keep pictures of your children and look at them often, when you have any necessary purpose," said Ukraine's new President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, speaking at his inauguration. .
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs said that the police department will investigate into this matter and the government has also enacted the Anti Human Trafficking Act to curb these illegal activities.
Shillong: There have been 19 new cases of covid-19 in the state, of which 12 are from East Kasi Hills.
We also consider this dialogue to be fruitful," he added.
It is learned that the suspects had tried to steal the juti from a house in Oxford, but at this time they found the key of the house and managed to enter the house and take away the juti. gold and cash about T.45,000 and not only that, they also stole from three places in the past few days.
“this is just the beginning of what they’re going to do.
The residents of Mushrot village in two villages including Nein Shnong and Lum Mujem have had to stay in darkness every night due to the lack of electricity.
The residents are very worried when they face such inconveniences in their travel, especially when they become involved in traffic jams by arriving late at work, market and traveling abroad and especially students who take time to reach schools and colleges.
The Union of Shiliang Um Zone Sepngi (SSSSSUZS) has awarded the awards to 3 athletes who have brought honor to the community and the family including u Commandar Shangpliang, President of Meghalaya Filmmaker and at the same time as Leader of Hill Farmer's Union (HFU) .
At present, there is no road or path for the people of these villages especially from Lejri, Lahalein, Huroi and Hingaria.
“This moment is unforgettable and unprecedented.
However, the Odissa Fire and Disaster Team also tried to break the water from the crematoria and found that the water in the crematorium has dropped to 3 feet and a half.
The reason why we have to talk about this issue is because we need to have a Government that is capable of providing full services to us as the citizens of the State and which we need to understand. that whatever part we use here on Earth is a precious part of the people and not only that but also that we are the people who have the right to stand and elect who or what will go. To be the leaders in the position in order to bring about the needs of the people and not to go up and down until they reach the limit and to treat the people lyndet just because of the feeling of the Lord without thinking. and remember more position on public service.
All athletes from West Jaintia Hills District who are interested are kindly requested to register by visiting the office of the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai during office hours until 5th July 2023.
The Forum has summoned the department to appear on the 9th July at 3 pm and sent the summons on the 25th July, to explain the lack of electricity supply.
Speaking to media, Rani said he wants to ask the transport department where the money is spent that the department should pay to the owners of vehicles. The vehicles to be used by the state government department for the visit of the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah to the state for the NEC meeting in Shillong.
It is learned that this morning, the child suddenly fell ill and as in a dream, she saw a woman who had gone to bury her child and brought her with her.
Shillong: The KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit today met with the DC of West Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, regarding the harassment and threat of eviction of the residents of Labang Nang Phyllut and Pangam Elaka. Rally and Block-1.
Speaking at a meeting of the Central Advisory Board on Disability held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi on Thursday, Bah Shylla said that the goal of the Meghalaya Government is to empower to provide for the rights of persons with disabilities, to protect their rights, to assist them in becoming independent and prosperous citizens who can contribute to society.
Armed men from the KIA, CNA and CDF have attacked Tatmadaw (or Myanmar) camps in China and this has prompted the troops to flee. They went to Mizoram.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA and Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Cooperation (MTDC) today inaugurated the Loghut, which was built by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Cooperation (MTDC). MTDC is located at Orchid Resort in Umiam, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (MEA) has sent a letter to the Ministers in charge of the Road and Building Department and the Chief Executive Officers. Engineers of these departments to express the various problems they are facing due to the suspension of payment, which the government should pay to them, even though the works have been completed for many years.
Immediately, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, held a meeting with the DGP on law and order in the Garo Hills affected by the insurgency.
Bookstand said that the export of stone to Bangladesh by exporters through the Dawki LCS, now known as the ICP, is different from other trade routes, as two districts are used. , Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills and there is an agreement from both the trade unions to distribute 250-300 vehicles per day. In the evening, those from Jaintia Hills and Khasi in the evening, because the market, when they meet at Dawki, causes a lot of traffic jam and inconvenience to the tourists from Muktapur and so on. They have been blocked for 2 days, which has happened since 2014-15 before the birth of the Bri Hynniewtrep Exporter & Importer Association.
The Women's Premier League will be played in Mumbai with the first match between Mumbai Indians and Gujarat Giants.
The demand to review or renew the Reservation Policy 1972 should allocate employment opportunities in Government jobs according to the changing times and the increase in pay among the population of Meghalaya.
In the singles shooting category, Rgh Riewkhaiñ Nongrum of Laitryngew won the cash prize of 12,000 tyngka along with Nam Rupa. Nongrum won the cash prize of 5,000 tyngka and Rgh Liverson Rynjah of Nongkynrih came third with the cash prize of 2,000 tyngka.
The polling will start at 8 pm and end at 4 pm and the counting of votes will be held tomorrow evening.
Another problem is that the churches and the authorities do not like his struggle to teach and empower the young.
At least 20 people were killed in an Israeli attack on Israeli troops after Hamas militants opened fire on Israeli troops. rockets to the city of Jerusalem.
Speaking to media, Bah Vivek said that his resignation from the BJP is because since the day he joined the party, the party has not appointed him or invited him to participate. at any meeting or in any decision-making process regarding the affairs of the organization.
This illegal trade has destroyed the hills and rivers and flattened the forests in Jirang and not only the sawmills, but also the quarries which have destroyed the hills and rivers. The border areas with Assam, which is to make it easier for Assam to occupy the land of Meghalaya.
At the same time, he urged the people to be ready at any time when they hear the call to come forward and stand for the future of the future generations.
ORB health website.
The union said that besides the sign boards, these banks should correct all the misspellings in all the documents as their mistakes bring shame on the district.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said many things that should be done to promote the arts in the state, by establishing special awards for the arts and by changing the name of the SICPAC to Lariti.
Bah Adias Syngkli, who served as Rangbah Shnong from 1989 to 2005 and is currently a member of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong.
Vivek Lyngdoh, Jr.
He said that the Minister of Home Affairs has said that he will take action and fight as much as possible to help Baikam village which is inhabited by Khasi-Pnar to be transferred to Meghalaya.
In the year 1950 and in accordance with Notification No.TAD/R/31/50 dated 3.10.1950 which appointed a Commission to investigate the proposal to take or transfer certain lands from the Khasi and Jaintia Districts. Hills and to create or create the District of Mikiir and North Cachar Hills.
Speakers including Maristela Lamare, President of Nongpoh Area Women Welfare Association, President of HNYF Northern Region, Marcus Marten and Cornelius Laloo, President of HNYF Northern Region, Dr. Bhoi, while speaking, expressed their deep sorrow over the sudden death of this young woman which has affected not only the family, parents, but also the people of the district and the state as a whole.
Lasubon Shadap, General Secretary Miss.
Kanstar Nongrum – Publicity Secretary 10.
Jowai, November 28: According to a complaint lodged by a mother at Khliehriat Police Station, Rimaya Chullet of Narwan village, East Jaintia Hills, has alleged that her 2 month old child has suffered from fever. between 2 and 3 hours after the BCG injection at Narwan Sub-Health Centre.
This is part of the preparations for the upcoming MLA elections in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Union Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas and Labor and Employment, Rameswar Teli on Tuesday distributed free LPG under Ujjwala 2.0, E- Shram and PM-SYM cards, PPOs and Checks under EDLI, EPFO ​​and ESIC Cards under PRAYAS to the citizens of Meghalaya.
The accused allegedly shocked and beat the girl after he saw her picking a flower.
Prestone said the government stands firm on the ground that these Harijans should be relocated as there is no other option.
This park is very remote and you have to walk for several hours because the road is very bad.
Mawkyrwat, July 26: U Bah Eson A. Khongrymmai, District Mission Manager, NRLM, South West Khasi Hills District, who was the chief guest at an awareness program on four topics, “Child Marriage”, “The Evils of Child Marriage”. Duma and Cigarettes”, “The Evils of Alcohol and Drugs” and “The Preservation of Drugs” at Mawkohphet Village, South West Khasi Hills District. If you can't control it from home, it's difficult to change.
The death toll from yesterday's bombings in Colombo has risen to 290 and the injured to 500, according to reports so far.
Naocha of TRAU scored in the 34th minute, Vashum in the 49th minute and Langsning in the 10th minute.
Furthermore, there was nothing in the BJP's Annual Dorbin to say “we will defend your Christian faith and to punish the violent Hindu groups” and nothing was mentioned that “they will take over the rights of citizens (Schedule Tribe)"
“I have been invited to join the party because I am a strong and orderly member of the party,” said Bah Khan.
The residents urged the SBI officials to install ATMs at Patharkhmah branch like other places and also to expand the office so that the residents can easily go to complete their transactions. Your job is to work in this bank.
According to the NFHS-5 collected in 2019-20, Meghalaya is one of the states with the highest number of physically disabled children.
Shanpru said that due to this action of the government, the trucks which used to load coal six times a month from Shillong to Guwahati, now cannot load coal only three times a month.
Then came the Presidential Order on Schedule Tribes and the Khasi were recognized as STs in
Banjop Mawthoh scored two goals in the 14th and 45th minutes for Mawlynrei.
Nongkynrih won the gold medal in the 34 Kg category in the Sub Jr Boys, E/K/H.
We also apologize to each and every one of you for our many shortcomings so that you will not be sorry but to forgive and forget them all.
Union Minister of State for Minority Affairs John Barla and BJP National Spokesperson Sambit Patra also spoke at the rally.
The rules have come into force immediately and will continue to come into force until further notice, said a statement sent by the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District.
Because this is the holy law of God which God has established for each nation.
From there, the children of the Raij took the 'Khnong Blai' to Madan Moosyiem where the Pator handed over the kiad to Kñi Nikhla to complete the Thanksgiving ceremony. The Seiñ Raij Jowai will hold a Behdeiñkhlam festival in 2023 at the Syiem Aitnar Pond as well as the Symbood Khnong and the 'Khnong Blai' at Aitnar.
The letter said that the state government through MePDCL has prepared a DPR for Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills at an estimated cost of Rs 508.48 crore.
Amit Shah said this while speaking in Tura, West Garo Hills district on Friday.
In the first innings, both sides failed to score runs.
There have been 3,970 new cases and 103 deaths in the past 24 hours.
The truck (ML 10 C 1728) was hit by the truck.
At the end of the tournament, a speech was delivered by Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, in which he expressed his satisfaction to see the responsibility of the management and teachers of the school. for the purpose of holding this sports tournament, which is also part of the development of school children to develop in sports.
Tynam Masi is located at Laitsohpliah village on the highway from Shillong to Sohra.
Before the speeches by the Prime Minister, short speeches were also delivered by several dignitaries including Ma MM Thaïang, Ma Philip Talang, Ma Hamboi Sumer and others.
Regarding this, John Lyngdoh, after meeting with the management, said that the visit was after receiving a complaint from the youths who did not find them. to interview after you have applied for the job.
Shillong, Nailar : The IRSSCC, Shillong, in a statement through its Publicity Secretary, Bah S.Lyngdoh, today announced that the IRSSCC will hold a seminar and workshop on the issue; “Self Employment Through Collective Efforts,” on the 22nd of this month at the Community Hall, Nongmensong, Shillong, at 2 pm.
The meeting was also attended by KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit Leaders O Dkhar President and Shaniah Dkhar Asst Finance Secretary KSU JHDU. - The Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association (JHCMA) and the Transport Department headed by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma have decided to postpone the return of the truck drivers and owners. Manipur.
Thank you Rangbah for your thoughtful writing. Whether it is true or not, we don't know. We are still in darkness.
All invalid passes and activities exempted from the curfew have been cancelled.
Shillong: In a meeting with Smt.
The final will be announced later.
T.1,707 crore has been allocated to those who have Jan Dhan Yojana accounts so that they can earn a living.
“If there is any injustice to the Achik people, the party will take the path of protest including mass marches in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution,” said the party.
“We have been affected in many ways, it doesn't matter if we don't have adequate roads, adequate water, agriculture but the most important thing is if we lose the rights of the minority, the said the leader.
DPRO.Khliehriat.
HS Shylla joined the People's Democratic Front (PDF) in April
During the drug raid, the troops also arrested two suspects involved in the crime.
Speaking to media, Shylla said there should be talks to reach a peace agreement between the government and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
During the checkpoint at the NH 202 near Sawombung, the team conducted the raid and arrested the suspect. Shiningson Chilhang, 45, son of Mathotmi Chilhang of Leikoiching village in Senapati district of Manipur, was an active member of the NSCN (IM).
Pachiang said that this action of the JHADC is against the Council Act which states that Section 20 (i) of the Council Act The Act, 2015, stipulates that to form a complete village there must be 20 households and not less than 50 people to live in the village.
According to the drivers of these buses, the parts of these vehicles have to be purchased from abroad from the companies that manufacture these vehicles.
Pesina is well trained in winemaking and the wine she produces is from the fruits available from Garo.
“We are waiting for the government to send strong crews to pump the water from the crematorium,” said one of the district officials.
They started the protest at 10 pm and it is still going on.
He said he expected that such statements should not come out especially now that the 1st phase of the border talks has passed and the remaining 2 phases are still aiding. to cause trouble, or to cause trouble on the part of the two states.
Shillong: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the party will win the MDC elections to be held in Garo Hills District Council this month. June 2021.
This statement came after a protest in Khliehriat today against the deterioration of the NH 6 road, in which the KSU leaders and the people, They have been forced to sleep on the streets, to sit on the streets and to fish, during the one-day protest today.
Thank you for your milk and I will come home.
Shillong: U Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, 85, former Member of Parliament from Mawkyrwat Constituency and former Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya.
Nongstoiñ, June 08: The Malang Area Development Organization (MADO) has said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, should take responsibility if anything happens to the people in the area.
In order to improve the income and nutrition of the people of Meghalaya, the Meghalaya government has launched the Piggery Mission worth Rs 209 crore to improve the livelihood of more than 25,000 piggery. family.
Perhaps in earlier times, when the Syiem gave land to the Government, he used to lead on behalf of the kur.
The people of Meghalaya have been surprised when Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah have claimed to love Meghalaya by coming to Shillong without thinking.
I don't think the leaders will be angry with this,” said the CEM of KHADC. It is worth mentioning that the leadership within the Congress party has welcomed the statement of Bah Syiem that the KHADC will urge the government to call for talks. to the political parties who are conducting protests in the state.
This action of the Excise department has angered the people and has raised doubts that there is something behind it, but fortunately the village leaders are still able to calm and control the people.
She has received a passport valid for about 10 years, the source said on Tuesday.
The BJP West Jaintia Hills District has elected its leaders and office bearers on 12th June.
In Gujarat, the BJP claims to be the home state of Modi and Amit Shah.
With this victory, Laitkor will face Lumparing in the semi final while Mawlai will face PFR. Both the matches will be played on the 24th of November and the SSA has planned to play these clubs at the SSA Stadium. , First Ground.
Earlier, Bernard denied that he was running a farmhouse at Rimpu Bagan and alleged that the raid was because they saw that the BJP was gaining power in Garo Hills.
He said that if the people accuse him of not being able to appoint in government departments, it is wrong because the government job should go according to the rules to sit for the examination. and I shall not be ashamed.
“You have heard that the BJP is against corruption and nepotism.
Suchen said that the KSU Narpuh Circle has recently arrested these Bangladeshis who have smuggled into the Kuliang forest areas by smuggling through the border areas.
She urged the people not to lose hope and not to have any doubts, but to have faith that the doctors and nurses can provide adequate assistance to the people in this time. hospital, has praised the hard work of the doctors, nurses and all the staff of this hospital despite the lack of proper construction of the hospital. and promised to take action regarding the safety of the Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
If the state does not have a clear border, it is a misery and disaster for our country and the result will be conflict and war.
At the public hearing held by the Voice of the People Party at 10:30 pm, Marbud Dkhar, Powel Sohkhlet and Ardent Basaïawmoit stressed the importance of clean government and changes.
Alan N.Niangti, one of the Karate players of the state, was the chief guest at the tournament.
According to the RTI, there are 17 names of snaiap which have appeared in the reply of the Soil, there are about 8 names which have received scheme ar ban, and there are about 8 households which have not received the scheme. receive schemes from all households and those whose names have appeared on the list of names that Soil has responded to.
Mrs Mary Lyngdoh
“Let those words of yours tonight, this date, this month, this month and this year come true,” said the father and the shareholder. as a blessing to these children and grandchildren.
The Prime Minister said the government had prepared for the festival three months ago and there has been no incident as of now.
The State Government has deployed the Rapid Action Force (RAF) of the Central Government to maintain peace and order.
On the same day, a march was held which started from St. Jude School 12 mer Byrnihat and proceeded on the four-laning road via Jorabad to Mawsmai. They also distributed placards with the slogan “Save Trees, Save Life” on how to preserve the environment.
“They (the Meghalaya government) should have informed us about the documents but there is nothing at all.
"If you don't have the will, it's better to become like Halbert than to play and spend thousands of dollars to punish your parents. It's better to become a supporter," said Hiram. .
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Bhaichung Bhutia Football School in the city, which is also the first time in the North East, Conrad said, “Even if it is a goal, but if we don't have a goal, we can't reach that goal of victory.
Modi said the cost of construction of this road has reached T.2300 crore and with the existence of this road it will reduce the journey from Shillong to Tura by 8 hours.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 64, 2 in West Jaintia Hills, 7 in Ri Bhoi, 5 in West Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills, 6 in South West Khasi Hills and 1 in North Garo Hills.
On receiving this award, he said that he does not feel worthy to receive this award, because his work and awareness of cleanliness has not been successful because there are still many people who do not understand. and those who are still throwing plastic and garbage.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon said his country was well prepared to put forward a bid to get the the right to host the Olympics in
The Langsangti Dorbar Shnong Lapangap Pyllun has strongly opposed the inspection of the Langsangti River as it falls under Langkiroi Village which is still within the boundary of the Lapangap Pyllun Dorbar Shnong, West. Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, June 21: The Meghalaya High Court (HC) on 5th November 2022 has quashed the order issued by the state government on 23rd October and the provisions of the Meghalaya State Education Policy 2018 which prohibits college teachers teaching in Aided Institutions or colleges receiving government assistance from contesting elections or taking part in political parties. The State Government on 2nd June 2023 has appealed against the decision of the HC. The Government has appealed against the decision of Justice HS Thangkhiew. HC's decision to hear a petition filed by Shri Brightstarwell Marbaniang vs State of Meghalaya which rules that college teachers in the Aided rank cannot take The Government has appealed against the HC's repeal of Clause 7.4.3 of the Meghalaya Education Policy 2018 and the notification issued on 23 October 2021 to amend the Aided College. Employee Rule which states that “Teachers in Government Colleges or Government Universities or Colleges or Universities receiving financial support from the Government are prohibited from participating in any political activities as they fall under the list of employees Office of Profit in Bam and Malawi".
Pariat said the book helps to learn about the Gorkhas and how they participated in the Indian National Army in the freedom struggle.
Thank you Bah Suja, Thank you Rupang.
The seized gold is worth about T.20 lakh.
In East Jaintia Hills, there is one new case, in West Jaintia Hills and one in West Khasi Hills.
Maharaj, who is the MP from Unnao, wrote on his Facebook page, “If this group comes suddenly to your homes, There is a way to protect and for these people, you need a box or two boxes of bitor and khnam.
On the other hand, the police have immediately fought against these illegal immigrants.
On the other hand, the adviser of the union, Rangdajied Marwein, said that the incident has seriously affected the students.
Those who died, they died.
When asked whether it is the two PDF MLAs who will join the NPP or what are the changes, Prestone said that it is not only the PDF MLAs who have been invited, but all the PDF MLAs. “We don't want these political parties from UDP, BJP, PDF, HSPDP to join the government, but we have proposed. that they should join the NPP,” he said.
However, Umkseh scored the first goal of the match through Rangkitbok Rani.
Beyonce's failure to win the Album of the Year has led Spike Lee to speculate that there may be a mistake here and there.
Of course, this is not a commentary or criticism of the book of Revelation, but it does point to the nature of the neo-liberal era in which we live.
Shillong, July 25: The Seng Khasi Swer will hold its third Seng Kyrsiew on the 12th June 2017 at Madan Seng Khasi as usual.
Head of GVK EMRI 108 EMS in Meghalaya, Dipankar Choudhury said the flag is our vision for the future and is also a symbol of India's traditional beliefs.
The CPB has identified and selected M/s Maxmed Lifescience Private Ltd, New Delhi and M/s East African Overseas, Uttarakhand to supply the Dry Syrup Cefpodoxime Proxitil 50mg + Clavulanic Acid 30.l (dry syrup) and tablet Ofloxacin 200mg + Ornidazole 500mg (tablet), price 53 tyngka per bottle and 25 tyngka per leaf.
The program is also part of the Road Safety Week to spread the message on the need to be careful and follow the rules of driving on the highways. VR Ryngkhlem, DTO Ri-Bhoi, DSR Lakiang, Officer Incharge, Nongpoh Police Station, D Shylla, SDO, PWD Nongpoh, Dawa T Warjri, drivers of commercial vehicles. and others.
The union said that it has found during its inspection that the entire office of the department under construction has been covered with niut ki nier while the one that has been taken over has turned into a trading post.
The KSU wishes that this Behdieñkhlam will go smoothly although the celebration of Behdieñkhlam will be reduced and that God will bless us all and protect us. This disease has spread and destroyed all the decisions and decisions that are the foundations of us human beings.
As the MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun encouraged the students and also the star filmmaker from Meghalaya to continue to work hard in their God-given talent and desire. , is to continue to produce more stars who shine for the good and development of the state as a whole.
Most of these 47 illegal coal mining factories are owned by people living in Assam and other parts of India.
Meghalaya were defeated by only 95 runs.
Therefore, if this is the case, the Government should look forward by striving to create opportunities to encourage the youth of the country. They should be able to learn and be skilled in many fields because according to the observations, almost all the employees still have to rely on foreign workers.
Ka AIKUM – AIKLONG. U KUM means the khiew or phiang for storing water, but it also means the KLONG, which is also the one that holds the water or any drink.
Clubs from East Khasi Hills District who have joined the federation can take part in this tournament which will start from 3rd July.
“We stand to protect the identity of the people of the North East and we will oppose the CAB,” he said.
However, it is estimated that the attendance of the Assembly was not less than 1000 people from all over the Khasi Hills and abroad.
After the children had finished eating, the management of the hotel took them to the Playdom by 3 Phoenix which is located on the ground floor of the MCrown Hotel. The ribbon was cut by these children.
But if you look back at the time when he left his mother's house to go back to his mother's house, he came out empty-handed.
New Delhi, July 13 (PIB): The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting today directed the media, electronic media and digital media to refrain from disseminating information about online gambling platforms.
“In Nagaland we have 74 percent Christians, in Nagaland we have 89 percent, more in Nagaland while in Nagaland the ruling BJP party has Before Modi came, the Christian population in India was only 5 percent, in 2014 the Christian population in India was 3.9 percent, but now it is 5.79 percent. The Interim Budget of Assam is T 50,000 crore, but that of Meghalaya is only T 90,000 crore, which is not enough for the salaries of government employees. For this reason, festivals will be held to earn revenue, and the festivals will become a sorrow for the people because they have been taken away from the people.
He scored his first goal for United in a 3-0 victory over Portsmouth on 1 November
The family members of the hospital said that the management of the hospital did not issue the report but only the death certificate of the young woman after she died. The group led by the President of HANM Bah Lamphrang Kharbani also submitted a petition to express their condolences on the incident.
It may be recalled that in the last meeting of the 13 parties with the Chief Minister, they took a joint decision to implement another Anti-Mynder Act immediately, as the government cannot It may also be recalled that the leaders of the Sengbhalang after talking to Dr. Mukul Sangma in a talk with reporters, said that the bill which they have passed together which has not yet been named is the In a meeting with reporters yesterday, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the ILP is a modified ILP and there is no discussion on it. The ILP or Modified ILP but another law whose name he said will be reviewed later.
There are about 30 trucks in total, which have severely affected the livelihood of the truck owners.
The day was also enriched by the singing of the Choir of the Church.
Therefore, it is time for the intellectuals to speak to the youth and teach them the path they should take whether it is in education, agriculture, employment, etc. and the young men shall see the light, and shall cast out the powers of darkness.
Police are still searching for the three suspects and search operations are conducted in many places.
Police have recovered one SLR rifle, three 303 Sniper Rifles, one AK Magazine, two SLR Magazines, two 303 Magazines, three rounds of ammunition. Twenty Chinbese Grenades, nine VHF sets, fifty-two unexploded rounds of ammunition, one hundred and thirty-four unexploded SLR rounds, two hundred and three unexploded 303 rounds of ammunition , two unused MMGs, one UPRA document containing 94 documents, one plastic bag, two stamps in the name of Matchadu Matchabet MM HQ Drama and the Achik Mathric Society, 15 injections, and medicines.
A group of young leaders from Meghalaya have received assistance from the International Fellowship Program on Biodiversity Citizen Science as part of the One Million Leaders in Asia (OMLAS) Fellowship Program organized by at Nelis Global in Tokyo, Japan.
This happened today in the area.
There are 417 recoveries from the disease.
Referring to the party closest to him, Vincent H Pala said that all the parties are strong, the NPP is the ruling party, the UDP The VPP has 12 MLAs and MDCs, the VPP has worked hard to divide the Khasi and Garo people, by using reservation and others. urban land by using other powers such as money and this election is very successful.
Shillong: The Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Development, West Jaintia Hills, today conducted a training on milk production as part of the celebration of the National Milk Day to be held on the 26th of this month. .
The Jaidbynriew does not want and does not accept that milk mixed with Dkhar seeds will become Khasei Khasai.
Speaking to reporters, Korda Ramsiej and S.Lyngkhoi from Pyndensakwang village, South West Khasi Hills District said that such an incident has occurred. This year and in previous years, the disease has been present, but less frequently.
The High Court has dismissed the petition filed by the SCCC OMDF, Shillong and ordered its lawyer to dismiss the petition. .
He said that the tournament has been sponsored by the State Government through the Directorate Sports & Youth Affairs. The winner will receive 3 lakh tyngka and a trophy.
The Supreme Court in its order dated 3.7.2019 has laid down the following rules.
In a statement, she said that the victory of the march by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has shown the love of the people for the nation.
She said that most of the parents are reluctant to send their children to school but they should understand that not only the teachers can teach but the homes, the parents of their children are the ones who can teach. the main part.
This order shall come into force from today, October 01,
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya High Court did not want to challenge the roster of Government employees, leaving it to the Government to decide.
“I also congratulate Dikkanchi D. Shira, the Congress candidate and request her to work together for the development of the country as the election is over,” he said.
JO WAI: The District Election Officer of West Jaintia Hills District has informed and reminded all voters who have received Photo Voter Slip, but this slip alone cannot be accepted at the polling station.
Shillong: The Advisory Committee on Law and Traditional Affairs (KHADC) on Tuesday rejected the KHAD Bill 2018 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The report of the KHAD Bill, 2018 was submitted to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwel Chyne.
Ardent also announced on the 12th of July that the Hima Mylliem will seek land to build more public outlets, and another is to clean up the market which has been implemented only. for a while but now it has slammed and the market has started to collapse again.
During the inspection of trading license and labor licence, the members of the union found that some shops have not been able to issue labor license to foreign workers. The shopkeepers should provide and on this the union will continue to monitor.
He also expressed his surprise why the Governor, Phagu Chauhan has not spoken or read all the issues of the government.
In the women's category, Naorem B Devi of Manipur finished in 2:57:18 seconds.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 77877 out of which 74524 have recovered and 1346 have died.
On the same day, the Minister also launched the book “Indigenous 2023” at the programme.
Parliamentary Secretary Kenedy Cornelius Khyriem in Mairang, CEM Pynshngain N Syiem in Sohra, Robinus Syngkon in Patharkhmah, Coming One Ymbon in Shangpung and David Nongrum in Mawshynrut.
So far, Mizoram has 182 quarantine facilities that can accommodate 4,172 people.
“The indigenous people of the State still trust these ADCs and still want to govern themselves according to their customs and traditions on various personal laws.
According to him, the people of Manipur, regardless of their ethnicity, have experienced suffering and hardship.
“The residents of Punjabi Lane want to live with honor and dignity in this land of their ancestors and it is not right to treat them as outsiders.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has reminded that it has always stood firmly against the mining of uranium in parts of Hynniewtrep.
On the same day, the office bearers of Rimuliang Mahila including Haimilis Nongsiej as president and other office bearers were also confirmed.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Literature, Rakkam A. Sangma praised the dedication of the teachers for the education of the students.
God said – that as long as the sun, moon, and stars shine in the sky, so the seed of Israel will not perish from this earth.
No longer like us today who are struggling with these difficult challenges in society which will get worse from time to time.
Police recovered three soap boxes containing 37.28 grams of heroin and a mobile phone from the body of Aiyesha Khatoon.
Nazarine D. Sangma scored a hat-trick by scoring three goals in the 20th, 25th and 48th minutes.
The court rejected the husband's request for divorce, saying that there was no ground for divorce, when her husband had done well.
All the villages in the Maheskhola area bordering South Garo Hills District have been affected.
The group also demanded that the department should provide doctors and staff in the Veterinary Department as the shortage of staff in the offices has made it difficult to provide services to the farmers and The group also demanded that the department should provide medicines for animals through health centres, dispensaries of the Veterinary Department in each place where these health centers are located.
Besides, the opening program has been blessed by the leading residents of the state,” said the statement.
“I feel that Bilykid's expression of support for me is a hopeful message and I would like to congratulate him,” he said.
He said that as of now, there are many MLAs who have joined the Congress party. “There are also MLAs who have joined the Congress party. he said.
Therefore, the time has come to suggest that the Government should start looking into this issue.
The theft of Umphniang is not a small amount of theft, but a theft of tens of billions of rupees. 400 trucks transporting fuel to Meghalaya and other places like Silchar, Halagandi and Karimganj per day. , Tripura, Mizoram and other places, said Bah Kennedy C. Khyriem.
In areas where the weather is hot, the wheat is susceptible to a disease called 'rust'
She said that the government is now considering to help the farmers in the rural areas as Sohtrun is one of the varieties of soh from Ri-Bhoi that the whole world has started to know as they have also been exported abroad. and through the hard work of the farmers and the assistance of the government, the sohtrun cultivation in Ri-Bhoi will be expanded, especially to strengthen the Processing Units to produce more varieties of umsoh and varieties. food that is not produced by Sohtrun.
To strengthen education so that it will be a source of hope for our children.
Nongstoiñ, July 26: The FKJGP has expressed its regret over the non-inclusion of the West Khasi Hills District for the purpose of plastic or artificial turf, despite the fact that it has two football fields. They are the Nongpathar Playground in Pyndengrei and the NDSA Playground in Nongpyndeng.
After receiving information that there is an illegal kilo cut of sying by the farmers when they go to sell sying in various markets in Ri Bhoi.
“Therefore, on this occasion, the MLA said that the state government should also specify how many of these 342 persons are employed in government departments and in which department they work.
“Babu Manbha personally came to meet the Waheh Shnong and expressed their intention to help the needy at this time.
Monarch said it is time to appoint leaders and a government that understands the needs and aspirations of the people and for the benefit of the state as a whole.
The union acknowledged that many of the laws do not exist here, but said that without the Inner Line Permit (ILP) all these laws cannot be enforced.
The DMHO said that in fact there are many medicines but if the Medical Officers in charge of PHCs and CHCs do not ask for medicines how can his office know how to provide them.
Until now, we know that the KSU has written a letter to the MP Rajya Sabha, but perhaps the letter has taken longer to arrive, because she is in Delhi and therefore, we have not heard any reply from her. Whether it will listen to the wishes of the people of the State or to the wishes of the party that won the MP election, there is a question mark.
Shillong, June 22: The Governor of Meghalaya Satya Pal Malik on Tuesday urged the central government not to force school children to study Hindi subject in their schools.
I support this.
Donbor Rumnong has also won the Mr India 2019 title.
“It is true that the others are united except for one or two whom we have learned have started to join other parties”.
“We strongly condemn anyone who takes advantage of our Kur,” said Samla Shaniah Skhem Dkhar, President Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle. take advantage only for your own benefit,” he said.
The 16-year-old girl went missing from her home on Thursday and her body was found in the evening at Ar Kilo area Suntga, about 20 km from the school. which you read.
Besides the 11 gold medals, Assam also won four silver and four bronze medals.
However, as we can see now, there are places where trains have passed through twice, or two rounds like Tamil Nadu and Delhi if I am not mistaken, we don't say that but our government should remember us.
Jowai, Naiwieng 13: The Minister of PWD, Manipur Government, Nalin Kohli, Spokesperson of the Narendra Modi Government and Advocate of the Supreme Court, together with BJP leaders in the state have arrived in the state. today in Jowai as part of the preparations for the 2018 election.
Even if only 600 trucks pass through the country, the collection of revenue reaches Rs 5 crore 40 lakh per day.
At this meeting, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, also spoke in Khasi, on the issue of bringing about change in the change and also asked for the support of the people of the state. They will support the TMC in the 2023 elections.
Many people may know the language, but the bright idea must be spread in the minds of the people to understand it clearly according to the meaning of the language.
“A leader is only a leader elected by the people.
Saying that the show cause notice is groundless, Dr Myrboh said that this act should be strongly condemned and especially disturbing because it shows the violence of the The state of Meghalaya.
Arpit Upadhyaya, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, BB Makdoh, Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary of Nongpoh Town Committee, Angelus Sun Rangbah Shnong were present at the ceremony. Umsaw Nongkharai, Rangbah Maurice Lyngdoh Umjarasi, Bah Vicky Syngkli Rangbah Ïewmawlong and other elders and Rangbah Shnongs from Ri Bhoi District.
They also said that through such incidents, the state government through the police department should take action to conduct an investigation into the incident to find out the cause of the death of the 19-year-old girl. She is a young woman who expresses her concerns to her parents and is also a good student.
It was informed that the union will take strong action if these factories do not accept the demands of the association.
According to Bah Pyniaid, the allegation that he is fighting against the party is not true because in the mid-term MDC elections, he campaigned for the names of the HSPDP including Bah Banrikupar Wahlang from Laban, and also Bah Banrikupar Wahlang from Laban. the name of the city.
Hajo: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) Chief Badruddin Ajmal today said that the BJP is implementing the CAA with the intention of bringing Bangladeshis to Assam.
The High Court of Meghalaya has not yet appointed a Chief Justice after T Meena Kumari retired last month.
The actions of the people in authority have caused the Police to turn away even if they are doing their job properly because if they do not obey the orders from above, the punishment has already awaited them.
As a trader, because of the bad market, we don't want to buy too much especially the raw materials from the farmers of the area.
No.6009768142/9862634887 and if no one comes to receive the child within 60 days, the child will be announced according to the law. hold on to him.
At the meeting, the Prime Minister briefed Modi on the outstanding budget after the amendment of the 4th Finance Commission.
“The office of the DSEO should look into or inspect these schools in the rural areas, by looking at the example of this one school which has suffered severely.
“This is an example for the people of Jowai, the District and the State to stand up and fight against the criminals who want to destroy the society through their illegal activities,” he said. Dr Laloo.
May Pentecost once again be ours.
They then forced them to sign in an unwritten kotsada and stole their 50,000 tyngka.
The workshop was conducted by NESFAS Adviser Gracia Dkhar, Lead Associate of Agroecology and Dr Bhogtoram Mawroh, Senior Associate, NESFAS. Speech was also delivered by Dr HH Mohrmen Chairman of NESFAS, Daka Bareh from SURE and welcome speeches by Mr. Mynjur Pyrtuh, General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Sohmynting. .
The Minister said they are pleased that the state will be able to start 266 new anganwadi centers with 266 staff and 266 assistants.
On Thursday, the OCF distributed food items at Nongkynrih village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Seng recalls that recently a church in Qualapaty collapsed and two people lost their lives.
The meeting was chaired by Hamwer Bhoi.
He said the CEO replied that the political parties can only explain to the people the paths they should take to register. “The rules should be followed from the documents and so on and no names will be registered publicly,” said the KSU leader. During the visit, Donald said that the CEO has explained that the The target of 1 lakh voters has been set but even if it doesn't reach it, it won't work because the purpose of the registration is to register the youth especially in the rural areas who have just reached the age of 18 years.
The Pa Togan Award was presented to Dr. Delphine Gare Momin for her contribution to the welfare of the community.
On the other hand, when looking at the singers, musicians and many others who had to perform on the opening day of the Syntiew Dieng Festival, it was seen that they did not have the opportunity to perform. and especially to please the people, the reasons for which are all due to the heavy rainfall.
A complaint has been lodged against the soldier at Khanapara Police Station.
More than 100 tree saplings were planted in this yard on this day.
Lam said he has decided to contest as an independent candidate in the upcoming MDC elections with the goal of bringing unity, progress, development and peace in the country. constituency and bring about dignity and morality in society in its customs and traditions as enshrined in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
It took nearly two days to extinguish the fire.
If we come to power in 2023, we will ensure that the money that belongs to the people is distributed,” he said.
Shillong: The Sur ki Mawlai, led by four political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, RBYF and HNYF, has started its protest today. One of the former journalists of the state, EM Jose, has been arrested.
The union demands that the law should immediately arrest the shopkeepers who do not believe or increase the prices, said a statement from Ma Nabait Ymbon, President of the union.
After the ceremony, there will be another meeting of the kur u kha at Weiking Stadium from 1 pm.
Many of the people who attended the meeting also refused to wear masks.
Besides the goal of shedding light on the Gospel and literature, he also took the opportunity to help the Khasi in economic empowerment and to fight for the cause of Fighting for Justice on behalf of the exploited Khasi people against the British Rulers.
The Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme was launched in 2012 at Asanang, West Garo Hills.
All citizens, men and women, should be able to participate in these institutions.
Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and residents accompanied by Local MLA Shitlang Pale, two MDCs Emlang Lamare and Dr. Sanki Shangpung held a public meeting at the venue. Kiang Nangbah to speak on the problems of the people of the area especially in relation to the road which has been suspended since the beginning of Meghalaya.
In this regard, those residents who have reached the age of 18 years as of that date and also those who have not yet registered on the Draft Photo Roll can register themselves at the Polling Stations where they reside, as well as to register. also those who have died or fled the village and the mistakes will also be corrected at this time.
According to sources, not only one person from Mawngap village has been injured in the incident but two persons have been injured in the incident. Guwahati.
You have to be subject to the law".
Besides, Bah Titos said that there are MLAs who are afraid of his position as CEM, and he does not know why they are afraid because when he sits in the CEM chair it is not to intimidate people, but to work to bring about the laws relating to customs and traditions.
Langsning have beaten Mawlai Sports Club with 19 points and are in first place in the points table.
Through this, he directed that when fires are found, they should call the nearest Fire Station as soon as they see the start of the fire and inform the District Control Room.
The program will last for three days from 25-27th of this month.
However, do private vehicles need a pass to travel on these days?
“It's true,” agreed the mother with a nod.
“The construction has been completed by 80 percent and the Utilization Certificate will be sent soon,” said the CEM. July 2017 according to the 5th Pay Commission.
Lockdown has been imposed across the country for the right to life of Nongkynti.
The Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Dr. (Mrs) EM Blah, who gave the opening speech, said that ITEP is a new education program for teachers introduced by the NCTE. together with the National Education Policy 2020 which opens up many education opportunities in higher education institutions with the aim of training student-teachers and ensuring that those who are eligible can enter the teaching profession.
“The claim that it is a party meeting is not true because in the party programme, it is written that it is a public meeting, and when holding a public meeting you have to get permission from the Returning Officer,” he said. Shylla while speaking to reporters today.
This initiative is part of the program to promote and create sports culture in India, and abroad as well.
The state women's football team suffered another defeat against Arunachal Pradesh 6-1 in the 28th Senior Women's National Football Championship 2023-2 The tournament was held on Friday at the Sundargarh Stadium in Odisha.
I also ask those groups that have been fighting for the rights of the people like ICARE, Shillong We Care, COMSO, and many other organizations. we don't have to go to West Khasi Hills.
The death of a 52-year-old woman who left behind seven children after a sumo overturned due to the deterioration of the road in Nongryngkoh has led to the death of Bah kynsing Lynshiang, one of the elders of Mawkynrew constituency. The Seng Samla Shnong Nongryngkoh has decided to meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Road Construction Department, to request for the cleaning of the damaged road in Nongryngkoh.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that this problem is not only affecting the state but is affecting the whole world.
India's vaccination industry is a symbol of India's strength and what it can do if the people of the country and the Government work together for a common goal with faith in Jan Participation.
This was announced by the President of the KSU, Bah Daniel Khyriem, while talking to reporters after leaving the meeting convened by the Prime Minister today.
The HSPDP hopes that the people of Sohiong Constituency will support the party through its candidate Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang in the upcoming MLA elections on the 10th of this month. and January, 2023.
Students have been ordered to keep a distance from each other by drawing drawings and to conduct thermal screening and not to allow those who do not wear masks to enter the buildings. schools and to set up hand washing facilities before entering schools, said a statement issued today by Bah DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary, Health Department, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday suggested to the State Government that the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya should be done through the participation of the people. those involved so that this decision will be able to resolve the boundary issue.
These villages are about 15 kilometers from Williamnagar.
Mawlai SC scored the first two goals from a corner and Laitkor scored the first goal through Ribahunshisha Kharshiing. The ball from farther away from the goal, stirred up the spirit of the fans to cheer and shout.
“These memories make me love Shillong, I feel like there is no city like Shillong,” said the Governor.
He told the children that he was speaking as a member of the family, not as the Prime Minister.
“Therefore, we have filed a complaint to protect the minorities of the North East who have already been affected by the illegal entry of foreigners from Bangladesh,” said Bah Samuel.
Unfortunately there is no bank as of now.
In a statement, the KSU said that it will continue to monitor this issue until the refugees who have been affected by the cold and storm get their rights.
However, the word 'Local' will bring new confusion, because now 50 years of Statehood has brought about the influx of different ethnic groups seeking employment, and the District is no longer the boundary of one state. you are a nation.
When the BJP learned of this, it seized the money and deposited it in the Income Tax account.
The Dorbar has opposed the amendment of the KHADC's Law Adong on the forest, on the grounds that the Hima has no knowledge, but only two ministers have gone to sign the soskular. Minister K Langstieh and Minister MB Kharlukhi together with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
In the technical category, Bah Aiborlang Wanswett, Senior Director (IT) & Scientist F, National Informatics Centre, Meghalaya, Shillong presented the paper 'Digital Technologies for Sustainable Development'
The 2022-23 Invitation Knockout Football Tournament has a huge cash prize of Rs 10 lakh along with trophies.
One Institute of Medicine recommends that you should not eat more than 2000mg of Vitamin C a day as it can affect the kidneys or cause stomach problems.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and James K Sangma, Minister in charge of District Council Affairs.
He said they would also ask for a copy of the opinion of the ADCs sent to the government.
“Section I (ii) of the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act, 1973, stipulates that the Act shall apply throughout the State except for the areas within the boundary of the Autonomous District Councils.
Since the collapse of the electricity posts, MeECL officials have been working hard to restore electricity in the area, but until now no exact information has been received. When the villages in the area will be supplied with electricity.
In these days, there has been a lot of confusion and doubt among the people regarding the vaccination of covid-19 or covid vaccine.
Nongpoh, June 28: Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem together with MDC Balajied Ranee today visited Marngar area for the purpose of bringing about development and improvement. villages as well as schools in the area.
Justin Dkhar MLA, Khliehriat, Sultan Ahmad, DIG SHQ Jowai, RW Lyngdoh, IAS, Dy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, RS Manners, ADC, East Jaintia Hills, TG Simte, Comdt SHQ Jowai, Dr Wilson K, Comdt, CMO, Dr (Mrs) Menka Bharti, 2IC, CMO, Shri Annu TP, 2IC, L Sangma, MPS, Addl SP, East Jaintia Hills were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, June 21: The HSPDP today urged the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan to appoint 18 Parliamentary Secretaries of the MUA-II government.
After examination, the body was shifted to Khliehriat CHC for post mortem examination and later shifted to the morgue of the CHC. If you have any information about this person, please contact us at e-mail ID: sp.
Through the manifesto, it means that these political parties have proposed to the people on this one issue along with other issues that they have put in the manifesto.
The program was enriched by the honoring of the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongthymmai Pyllun, former players of the club, Team Cricket which won the First Division of Shillong in Cricket Association, the team that came second in the First Division of the Shillong Sports Association in 2022, to the old members of the club as well as the current members of the club.
Gurinder Singh and Bisht scored 58 runs before falling out.
However, let us try and create new ways and means which will not affect too much this Mother Earth so that our future will not suffer.
The special session was chaired by the Chairperson of the HSPDP MDC from the ARPA, Teilinia Thangkhiew.
Kynshi, Ïaïong, 20: Despite the unemployment crisis in the state, many youths from the rural areas, including those with low education, have left the state to look for jobs. I have received a good job.
Before reaching the border to suspend the construction of the new Ing Dorbar, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and Bloit gave a clear answer to the questions that the EM did not explain. The KHADC has found it difficult to call the tender because the funds are not yet available and the project has been constructed in stages, in which only T.4 crore has been allocated for the first phase.
In a petition sent to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, ACHIK said that the party will stand for the welfare of the Achik people.
The funeral service will be held on the 6th of November at the Jowai Presbyterian Church.
U Bah Pius Marweiñ, Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency, on Saturday laid the foundation stone for the construction and improvement of two sports grounds in Nongnah. Mawkyndeng Stadium belonging to the Kur Lyngkhoi Sports and Cultural Welfare Organization and Mawjongjaka Stadium.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit will hold the awarding ceremony of the 1st Maitshaphrang Excellence Award 2021 to the students who passed the SSLC & HSSLC Examination 2021 on 6th November 2021 at Hall Madansari Namdong-B. On the same day, there will also be a special ceremony to honor the retired teachers of the area.
The disaster will come knocking – without further delay.
On the other hand, he said that according to the Chairman of the MRB, he informed that the Department has already set up Customer Service Points (CSPs) of the banks. Whether these are working or not as allocated to assist the people, but if they are not working, they will be replaced by others so that the people will not face problems in relation to the work in the banks.
Rgh Don congratulated the Seng Samla Seng Khasi Kmie for taking over this responsibility for the continued growth not only in this field but in all aspects of the Seng Khasi. which serves the country and the nation through faith in its own religion and customs.
The city police said that the number of Bolero thefts has increased with the passing of the days due to the use of other keys.
The BJP Nongstoin Mandal through its Working President Bah D.Jyndiang has already sent these issues to the President of the BJP Meghalaya.
Zelensky said this while congratulating Germany on the delivery of weapons and relief supplies to the army in the past few days.
He said that the state is still far behind in terms of the formulation of the Education Policy as it has not yet been implemented.
So they both ran to the lawyer's house.
Regarding the 100% forgiveness of the light bill, the Congress party has a strong suspicion that this too may be one of the problems, if it is true. He said that the policy of the government will cause a loss of about T.700/- crore to MeECL. The light bill for the factories is T.6.20 per unit and the factories have lodged a complaint with the Regulatory Commission and after discussion it has been increased to T.4.90/-. these days shall not come.
Shillong, Nailur 13: A day after the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he has alleged that the MTET examination Opposition Chief Whip and MLA from Umroi Constituency, Bah George B Lyngdoh, has said that the state government has not consulted or consulted the people before signing the MoU. The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday said that this statement of the Prime Minister is wrong and it is also a false Prime Minister and not Bah George.
The Executive Engineer Public Works (Road) NEC Shillong Branch has now asked for more time until the end of July 2022 to lay the stone. to issue a work order for the construction of the road at a cost of T 120 crore.
We all know that the influx of vehicles from other states is the cause of traffic jam in Khyndailad and Ïewduh.
Explaining the reason for his departure from the UDP to the NPP, Reming said, “Imat in Mawkynrew, there is a need for this to change the party. four parties, four symbols and he is a government minister in these four symbols, I think it will be like that,” he said.
He added that the passengers through this road have faced many problems but they should also understand that this is for the better.
There is also the right to look and judge with the eyes of men.
They shouted against the BJP-led NDA government and vowed that if the bill is passed in the Rajya Sabha, they will hold an unstoppable protest. The Bill was not introduced in the Rajya Sabha but later it was learned that the Bill has not been introduced in the Rajya Sabha.
The Indian Army troops killed these five youths from Tinsukia District in 1994 during a raid.
Therefore, the District Magistrate (DM) said that there are 8 bridges which are dangerous if they are overloaded, namely Bridge No.8/13 (Span = 12.20m) on the Jakrem-Ranikor road. Bridge No.11/8 (Span=24.38 m) on the Jakrem-Ranikor road which passes through Rangmaw-Mawksiar road 17.44 KM, Bridge No.4/ 1 (Span = 32.70) on the Mawkyrwat-Photjaud road which is 7.00 KM long. Span = 51.60 m) on the Mawkyrwat-Wahsiej Road road which is 8.343 km long, Bridge No. 1/2 (Span = 13.80 m) on the Mawlangwir-Nonglang Road via Saitsnad which is 3.00 km long. = 4.10 m) on the Approach Road to Mawlangwir Village which is 1.66 KM, and Bridge No 2/2 (Span = 4.10 m) on the Approach Road to Mawlangwir Village which is 1.66 KM. immediately upon public announcement.
The management of Ferdy School of Martial Arts has expressed its satisfaction with the performance of its players in this tournament and wishes them all the best. more in the games in the coming days.
On the other hand, the Hima Dorbar has requested permission from the district administration to set up a check gate before tourists enter the tourist spots in the Sohra area.
Not that the church teaches or says.
Nuts such as cashews, coconuts and pathaw seeds are good for the thyroid.
Because they don't listen to the righteous voice, the true voice of man, God doesn't allow them to be insulted or deceived by man power.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong, 30: The CM's pledge to provide electricity to every household in India has become just a word. here they do this, they do that.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Many times around the world, there are patients who have died just because they took the wrong medicines and the main reason is that the pharmacists often make the wrong medicines to the patients. They don't know the signs that doctors write down.
So far, 28595 cows have been injected in the state.
These food items had to be sent by boat from Kuliang village to Borsara village to be loaded into the vehicle of Huroi village due to the poor condition of the road which has made it difficult to travel. through the Rymbai-Bataw-Borghat-Sonapur Road.
Thomas said that when comparing the Office Memorandum (OM) dated 10th June, 2022 and the OM dated 14th July 2023, the main parts of these two OMs are the same. even if there are few amendments such as removal of words relating to positions yet to be filled, and stating that the names of all those holding positions or positions up to the issuance of the current announcement (OM) , starting from those who are still in office as long as there is no registration, but the implementation is continuous according to the available Roster points.
“The time allocation is also very short, this is the shortest Budget Session we have had in the State...only 7 days.
Nongpoh, Nailar 22: In this age when many youngsters are in need of jobs even though they have completed various courses, but the interest of youngsters in the film industry has become one. by giving hope to the children of Salma that they can stand on their own feet.
“This is happening because we need to talk to all the various groups and only after this will we be able to take a decision,” he said, adding that there will always be opposition to such projects.
Throughout the day, Dr.APJ Abdul Kalam, Chancellor of USTM, M Hoque encouraged and welcomed the students who came to take part in this event. He also urged the children that if they want to reach the goal of life, they should understand that what they see is only a dream, but what they want. it must be achieved by actions and not just dreamed of in bed.
“Therefore, to solve these problems, it came to my mind that a tree should be planted and I have expressed my views before the School Managing Committee (SMC), fellow teachers and parents of students and “Everyone has agreed to this,” said Samati and added that on the 17th May 2019, they came out to plant a tree in the grounds of the school without spending anything. get from near the school.
The price will be higher compared to the previous year,” Kumar said.
We have seen here and there people who have turned bad heads just because of a small trouble.
Anthony Marbaniang, Block Extension Educator, spoke on the new programs of the Government of India regarding Immunization and the Swatch Bharat Abhiyan which is the key to a clean environment in the village.
However, he expressed his surprise that only the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has alleged that the present Government of Meghalaya is full of doubts, which means that Bah Ardent is the only one who is in charge of the Urging the Opposition to feel free to ask for clarification, Prestone said, “The Prime Minister's room is big and my room is nearby. I urge them to come forward because the Prime Minister is ready to give another explanation”.
Up to 18 people from three families from Lamin village in West Jaintia Hills, have suffered serious injuries after eating bih tit.
After Thomas June created the Khasi characters in the village language of the Sohra people and taught them in schools and gave speeches in churches, the Sohra language became the Khasi language. The Sohra language has been recognized as the mother tongue of all the children of Khasi Jaintia in all the schools of Khasi Jaintia. .
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 1: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawshynrut Circle has expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the Incharge Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, PD Sangma, for his prompt attention to the complaint of the Youth Council. The Seng has found that in these months, many of the Government employees in various government departments in Mawshynrut have not come to work, especially in Mawshynrut. Monday and Wednesday.
And God has chosen Jame PK Sangma as King Solomon who followed in the footsteps of his father, and God has also chosen Agatha Sangma as another villager. Young Esther to become the king's queen, and this queen was also an advocate for the salvation of the Jewish nation when she was only a young child before King Ahasuerus, and so God Agatha Sangma was also appointed as the Advocate for the Nation before the Lok Sabha when she was a young woman.
“When we talk about the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, these sellers also threaten the buyers by saying, arrest if you want to smuggle these cows to Bangladesh”.
Speech and explanations were also delivered by the experienced and experienced chief guest, Bah BB Shabong, who explained on how to prevent and get rid of these alcoholic beverages. .
Speaking to media, AL Hek said he has received a letter dated 16th June 2023 today that some villages have been affected by the African Swine Flu. .
For those who have just started a new life or have just changed their minds this book will help to teach them more in the Christian walk.
The Mela was enriched by the performances of two Village Organizations, Munai VO and Nongnah VO. The meeting was conducted by Bah L.Pariong, BPM, MSRLS of Ranikor C&RD Block and Other speakers were Powerfull Lyngdoh, APO of Ranikor C&RD Block, Prelyne Marweiñ, DPM, MHIS, Ivan Renold Marbaniang, DPM of MBMA, Basanta Meitei, Branch Manager. State Bank Of India Ranikor Branch.
Mohrmen said the interesting thing is that in this world of unemployment; This is one of the ways to employ the educated youth of this village.
“We have selected 10,000 mm IGNYTE Rain Coats and these Rain Coats not only protect against rain but also protect against wind so that the Police can do their job,” he said.
In another development, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State who is also the Spokesperson of the MUA Government, Prof RC Laloo today slammed the Opposition for the invasion of the area. “The MLAs of the Opposition are trying to force the Speaker of the Assembly to violate the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business of the Meghalaya Assembly by going to the Meghalaya Assembly. The Lamphang's residence and urged him to conduct the Dorbar today.
They still take care of their children because the children still have to take care of their mother from head to toe even in the holy place they are still willing to take care of their sisters.
The implementation of this Act will prevent criminals from finding shelter in the state and will also prevent the illegal entry of foreign authorities who may enter and hide in the villages.
In bed that night as the world grew quiet and no one walked or stood.
This will fund infrastructure, according to PM GatiShakti, and projects for social development according to the needs of the North East.
Best Coach: Nohsa Khongshah from Mawlam.
There are 26 schools in the Under 14 (Boys) category.
Farmers from different parts of these two districts have come to take part in the competition. Societies, SHGs have also come to take part in the competition. jhur, syntiew, dohka and handmade dishes from siej, thri, and Khasi dishes such as pusaw, pusyep, pu tharo and others were also displayed.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has estimated that the number of cases of COVID-19 in various countries has increased by 11% in the past month. and the majority of cases are in the United States.
There are political observers who say that the NPP is the only party which has been granted the status of National Party but it is afraid to contest MP elections from other states of the North East. Meghalaya is the only government.
Four translations from Bengali, Hindi, and Tamil were included in the Longlist, along with seven books originally written in English.
On the other hand, the Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, today urged the State Government to take strong measures to curb insurgency in the State.
The election was held during the tenure of Ardent M Basaiawmoit as CEM and at that time there was a tied table between Ardent CEM and Pynshngaiñ. When asked by Bah Pynshngaiñ whether the removal of Syiem of Malai Sohmat was his advantage after he came to the post of CEM, he replied that jin if you don't take advantage of it, you'll do it once you sit on the throne.
This is a good idea, but we should unite before fighting with Assam which has crossed the border every day.
Government authorities, security forces or police did not find any guards in front of the Secretariat gate, where only a few gate guards or security guards, who were guarding the Secretariat, were smuggled. , and this is the turn of the syndet syndet.
He said that in the next few days, another border road will be constructed at Dangar at a cost of T.50 crore and this road will connect Dawki to Nongjri. Shella will be added to Mawsynram Constituency.
It is not right to say that the backwardness is only because there are no good schools and colleges.
It is an institution to uphold the constitution and defend the rights of all religion.
“We are equal to other prominent organizations,” he said.
When asked about Latiplang Kharkongor's claim that some UDA MDCs want to join the UDF, Pyniaid said that Latiplang's claim is only the agenda of the UDF. U Bah Teinwel Dkhar led by Bah Teinwel Dkhar will meet with the Governor of Meghalaya on the 9th November to inform the Governor about the high paid of the UDA. The UDA has been with the UDA since the EC was dissolved by the vote of Chairman PN Syiem.
Distractions and malicious intent came from many directions and in different forms.
After this, he also took part in the distribution of prizes to the men and women athletes.
They also reminded that in 2009, the interview for the recruitment of LP School teachers was only for those who passed SET and those who passed Class XII 45% without SET were able to complete the interview. get to teach full time.
The performers of the song include Mebashanki Paslein, Maywarly Rymbai and Soniwan Langstang.
Babu expressed his gratitude to the community for their support from time to time and said that to work hard to fight like others have done on his part, he has suffered because of the For decades he has been in school and now it has affected his mind.
According to Bah Banteidor, there should be a society to run these markets.
They are often quicker to seek only development works such as road construction or water supply in the villages so that they can award contracts to their supporters.
The population has now reached 35 lakh heads.
In Rajabala, NPP candidate Abdus Saleh defeated Congress candidate Hashina Yasmin Mondol by 1926 votes.
Adelbert Nongrum announced a donation of 1 lakh tyngka to Mawkhar SC. MDC Bah PN Syiem also congratulated and encouraged the players and also the team. club and announced a donation of 50,000 tyngka.
The difference between the armed police and the armed groups is that the police follow the laws before using guns.
He added that this has been sent to the Advocate General of the state and the AG has made it clear that these allegations are baseless and therefore cannot be true. to say that it is a jyrsieh.
It is at such times that it forces us to ask about the future of the students.
The incident happened at 4:45 pm today near Payal Cinema Hall, Thana Road, Shillong.
Furthermore, the KSU said that another issue is the order of the schools to the children to buy school uniforms only from those shops or places which they have ordered, where sometimes it has been ordered. She said that the price of the book is cheated by stickering it with another sticker above the original price. She said that this is a trick of some schools just to earn commission.
The HYC said that the new EC especially the Trade and Labor Department has taken steps to work to curb the illegal earning of foreigners, but unfortunately there are still those who are involved in money laundering and smuggling.
He said that the students strongly oppose the DSW's proposal to provide accommodation to the new students.
Sngi Dhar, President of the VO of Ïalong, gave the welcome speech.
Unity and equality can only be achieved through consensus and cooperation.
And Lydia was glad, and prepared quickly.
When this is done, those sohtrun trees in the neighboring branches support each other, and the branches on them are not exposed to the sun.
Rocky said there is no domestic dispute, but it is a political matter and the preparation to contest the election is for the constituency. it is your own speech.
“We welcome this decision of the Hon'ble High Court of Meghalaya,” said Bah Donbok.
Later it included many plants, vegetables, spices and oils.
The employees of 108 have been on strike since 1st March against the state government's failure to resolve the issues within the EMRI run by GVK in the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sohra MLA Titos Chyne admitted that there has been a severe fire in Sohra and three days in Laitryngew and surrounding villages. “In Sohra, suddenly the fire and suddenly the lip has been very strong, in Laitryngew and other villages. “It's been three days since we got electricity,” said Titos Chyne.
Looking at Meghalaya, it was witnessed that the election of MLAs, MPs and MDCs is very different from other states in India.
Instead of collecting detailed information from these families, the Gram Sevaks who have a shortage of staff in many C and RD blocks, have urged the VEC Secretaries to take their names. but many village Secretaries and VECs have failed to include the households who are entitled to receive the benefits to be included in the list, he added.
Hooid on the Clan Bill against the British.
These days, accidents are seen happening almost every day around every corner.
Nongpoh, July 01: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) on Tuesday said that the state government has decided to take measures to resolve the issue. Hills District, has now invited and urged the people of the District not to participate in the celebration of the Silver Jubilee or 25th Anniversary of Ri Bhoi District.
Vincent H Pala said that he will file his nomination papers for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency on the first day of the 25th October. candidate of the party from Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
To surprise the Khasi Khara or Hynniewtrep people to escape the bloodshed and refuse to read the Bible because it has deceived the Khasi people to escape the destruction of the people and to survive the Khasi people. Forever and ever you must refuse to read here.
The reason why the MBOSE has decided to change these science books is because these books are not suitable for reading by the children.
The NPP is the largest party in Meghalaya with 26 seats in 60 constituencies and no other party has won more seats.
Speaking to media, VPP Spokesperson Batskhem Myrboh said that the Voice of The People Party as written in the Manifesto is to liberate the worship of God which we have to maintain. However, if the party stands alone, we will have to stand.
It means that if a person dies he is finished but if he is alive he has to cultivate, work and cultivate here on earth.
KHLIEHRIAT: Unidentified cow smugglers and smugglers suspected of being smugglers of cows to Bangladesh have spread dead cows along the NH
Suddenly while he was thinking he contracted a strange disease and his parents tried to get medicine from the hospital but the medicines did not relate to his illness.
I don't know why, but if we allow Mathematics to be an optional paper, many students don't take this subject anymore. without mathematics it would be acceptable but I think we can prepare well, we have the same mind as others on this earth and I think the time has come for us to look into it and to take a decision,” said the Minister of Education.
The Chief Guest in his speech praised Mr. Pro for his understanding and vision for the future of children, even though he himself is not an expert.
“We don't have anything to do with anyone, that's why we have already informed them what is necessary but it is up to them how to decide.
In the second match, East Khasi Hills beat North Garo Hills 5-0 and in the third match, West Jaintia Hills beat West Garo Hills 2-0 .
“If we want to fight to protect the nation, we must fight in secret and not just reveal it so that those who want to attack the nation will not know the purpose,” said the Nongstoin MLA. Chairman of the Meghalaya State Law Commission, Bah Macmillan Byrsat was also the chief guest.
The award was announced at the closing ceremony of the two-day International Healthcare Conclave held in Kolkata in the presence of the Governor of West Bengal, Dr. CV Ananda Bose. Kresimir Antonio Paliska, Senior Vice-President and CEO, AACI America, Dr Joel A Roos, Vice President, Joint Commission International (JCI), Manvir Victor Board Member – Global Advisory Group for World Health Organisation, Dr Shin Ushiro Executive Board Member, Japan Council for Quality Health Care (JQ), Dr M A Kadar Marikar Former CEO, Malaysian Society for Quality in Healthcare, Abraham Fenn Chairman & President, New Zealand Organization for Quality (NZOQ); President, Asia Pacific Quality Organization (APQO), John Yoon, Managing Director, Asia Pacific, JCI, Dr Atul Mohan Kochhar Chief Executive Officer, National Accreditation Board for Hospitals & Healthcare Providers (NABH), Padma Shri Dr Mammen Chandy, Padma Shri Dr Harsh Mahajan, Dr Alexander Thomas and other experts from leading health departments.
When all the works were completed, the Lamphang read out the message from the Governor and adjourned the Budget Session.
Many of them were women's groups, carrying placards and wanting to meet the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, to demand the removal of the metor area.
JOWAI: As part of the preparations for the MDC and MP elections; The Executive Force of West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Election), West Jaintia Hills District has organized a public rally from Jowai to Amlarem to spread the message on the value of vote, the right to vote. you are 18 years of age or older.
““In addition, we have opened Counseling Cells to assist drug addicts by inviting their relatives.
When asked about the measures taken to prevent the discharge of sewage and sewage into these rivers, Bah Wahlang said that in his speech at the meeting, he showed the Drone photograph of the Umkhrah River from the beginning of the well to Mawlai village and also of the Umshyrpi River from the beginning of the well to the Umshyrpi bridge. find evidence that sewage has been directly discharged into these rivers.
Shillong, July 30 : The United Democratic Party (UDP), one of the main parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (NPP) government, is considering whether to give the ticket to the party. for the MLA election from Mawsynram Constituency.
The AASU has strongly opposed the agreement and immediately burnt down the agreement.
In the meeting with the DC, Ri-Bhoi, they also requested him to repair the road from Bhoirymbong to Mawlasnai and from Mawlasnai to Umtngam which are very badly damaged.
He won from Likabali in 1994 and was appointed Minister of Tax and Excise, Transport and Rural Development.
The houses on the streets were turned into shyiap in a short time, and there, people including children, women and women were buried alive.
While Laban Ch.
Office Secretary: Youth Development1
Vehicles are allowed to leave the prohibited areas only after being thoroughly examined and cleaned.
Speaking on the abduction of children, Abhijit Sharma, Expert Resource Person, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), said that the abduction of children in the country. He also spoke on the rights of children under the Constitution of India (Human/Child trafficking), the vision, the mission of the NCPCR and the work done by the NCPCR. Sections 13 and 14 of the CPCR Act 2005, he also spoke about the institutions, agencies, schemes to protect children (child trafficking) and the root causes of child trafficking. children from one place to another, trafficking networks and other issues related to child protection.
Since the day we started, there has not been a single instance of confusion on the part of our teams.
Shillong, November 19: Due to the monsoon holidays, the road from Dhankheti to Fire Brigade, via Don Bosco and Laitumkhrah Police Point, will be closed in both directions from 20th November. 2017, until further notice, according to the release.
At the same time, the JSM leader has slammed the MLAs who say that the youth should set up their own jobs and not wait for government jobs. Bah Rymbai said, “What are you doing now? if the contracts are monopolized by the private companies of politicians.
Up to 47 youths attended the event.
Thank you very much , Dist Meg.
Leaders don't swear in front of the statue of the sword of the country. You should be able to do it because that sword I believe also sings from behind when we the future generations can't live and follow. Don't remember their example and don't remember their deeds because we can't live like ourselves on righteousness and knowledge of God.
The Leh Niam Ïewduh is usually held in the month before the monsoon at Ïewduh, Shillong.
Furthermore, the Dorbar requests other neighboring villages to support this young man, so that he can serve better for the development of the community in this area. really behind in almost every way.
According to a resident of Maliknoa, the department has demanded T.17.8 lakh for electricity bill from the consumers and out of this, T.4 lakh has already been paid.
Larisa Lamin of Adventist Higher Secondary School with 450 marks and Avelyne Francisca Khriam of St Edmund Higher Secondary School with 450 marks. Deinamesha Hynniewta of St Anthony's Higher Secondary School came in fourth place with 449 marks.
When asked whether they are ready to talk to the government if there is an invitation, Marwein said, “If the government invites us to talk, we will go to that meeting and talk. “We have not yet been able to implement the ILP”.
The Speaker urged the students, parents and teachers to work hard to strengthen and take responsibility for the improvement of education in the State.
In another report, a complaint was lodged with the National Commission for Women (NCW) on July 12, a month after the incident, regarding the rape of two women in Manipur. There have been three such cases of violence against women in the state and the rape of these two women has been included in the complaint.
Through this program of 'Aspire Meghalaya' many youngsters have had the opportunity to showcase their talents.
“The Executive Committee has directed all the Waheh Shnongs to cooperate with the District Council Office in order to fight against foreigners according to the Executive Committee, JHADC. The Act 2011 and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District 2015 for those foreigners who come to trade and work without a trading license and non -tribal Employees Service.
When I look at the Khadar rule, I see that as a nation, we are still the 'si samkhmut' in other nations. The nation is only a part of the people of the world, but there are many organizations, unions, religions and political groups in this beloved Ri Khasi.
“In the past, when the Khasi Pnars went to cultivate rice, no one stopped them but when it was time to harvest the rice, the Karbi mob shot with jri and khnam at the farmers who were paradoh parasnam. ," said the KSU. The KSU also congratulates the residents of Lapangap for standing up to protect their border and urges the Meghalaya government authorities to provide immediate protection and protection. to accompany the Khasi Pnar farmers to harvest the rice they have worked hard for.
There must be rational reasons.
At present, the residents get water from some of the streams which dry up during the rainy months.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of FASTOM, Sengkmie.
Ma Protasius Suiam is the owner of Tiachaphrang Higher Secondary School, Sohkymphor District.
Therefore, the best thing is to join the TMC, as it has Dr Mukul Sangma, a prominent leader in the state and who has been the Chief Minister for two terms.
When my soul began to smell bad.
FKJGP leaders on the 10th of this month have sent a letter to the DMHO, West Khasi Hills stating that the Sub-Center at Sangriang as it is now does not have a fence. enough where it could cause injuries.
To combat these smuggling activities to Bangladesh, BSF troops patrol on foot in the areas where smuggling is most prevalent in East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
Now in the European wards, many of them are Khasi,” said Sanbor.
The HNLC has said that it does not have any nation or country that cannot achieve independence without bloodshed.
He said that he has joined the TMC to achieve the missions of the party because only this party can bring about development in the state and the trust of the people in this party will be seen in 2023”.
BJP State President Ernest Mawrie from West Shillong Constituency has been defeated with 3771,000 votes while UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh has won the election with 3771,000 votes. Former MLA Mahendro Rapsang, NPP candidate, received 7,917,000 votes and came second with 4,432,000 votes.
The two teams that reached the final include Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Seng Khasi College (Higher Secondary Section) where Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the title. that she won the match 4 to
In the fifth century BC, three Greek philosophers, Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle, had a special interest in studying the society of the mentally retarded.
When he was hungry and faced many difficulties, he decided to go back to his Father and ask for forgiveness.
The Meghalaya Essential Service Maintenance Act, 1980 prohibits the calling of any strike after the issuance of the order. The penalties stipulated in this Act shall be imprisonment for up to 6 months or a fine of up to T .1000 tyngka or both of these penalties.
Meanwhile, Bah MH Kharkrang said that since the BJP took over the party, it has tried to change the way it works.
Participants will make every effort, and bearing in mind the right to have their views, to open access to information related to electoral matters in their service offerings and activities.
Indeed, they got their country back in 1948.
We must no longer suffer as long as we listen and believe in what a child, who does not claim to be a leader, believes.
According to the Law the Israelites could make a covenant of peace with other kingdoms or countries or nations far from the land of Canaan and according to the covenant the Israelites were not allowed to destroy them, but they were to ri saved them.
He said that he is very fortunate to have the opportunity to provide special training to many young men of Jaintia Hills through the Skill Meghalaya project of the State Skill Development Society.
The PDF has 14 members and the ARPA has 14 members. Therefore, the absence of Bah Pyniaid has led to the PDF to withdraw the election. The decision to win or lose will depend on the Speaker while the Speaker will vote for the ARPA. The PDF leaders have expressed their surprise at the decision. They alleged that he was the one who instigated the power struggle and he was the one who was the ksiang to form the PDF, but now it has turned into a shambles.
“We have received mobile network from Bangladesh and if we are attacked by a Bangladeshi, it is too late to get information from the government to help us because there is no road and mobile network.
The goalkeeper has made 24 appearances in the Indian Super League, catching 63 times and saving a few goals.
KSU Umiam Circle.
Of these 2,565 cases, 1,970 cases are still undergoing treatment and 58 cases have been discharged.
India has now signed social agreements with the US, Canada, Chile, Ecuador, South Korea, Malaysia, Taiwan and Iran for the export of sohniamtra from Khasi Hills.
Mawlai SC scored 12 goals in the 15th, 28th, 49th, 58th and 77th minutes.
She started her teaching career in Amritsar in 2002 and was selected for the Shaheed Bhagat Singh International School 's Best Teacher Award documents sufficient to qualify for the award.
He said this as an explanation for what the Leader of the Opposition and AITC Dr Mukul Sangma had said that there would be those who would leave the NPP before the election.
New Delhi: The Information and Broadcasting Department of the Union Government today warned TV channels broadcasting news to refrain from unfounded allegations and the use of inappropriate headlines.
The Seng has decided that if these incidents happen again, it will go to Khanduli Village to demolish the Entry Tax Gate and the Signboard set up by the Assam Government to protect the Entry Tax Gate. the land and the fellow citizens who live in the border area.
It was with the support of Bah Robert Kharshiing that the first Dorbar Ri was held on 14th July, 2004 at Smit, Hima Khyrim and the second on April, 2007 in front of the Law Lyngdoh Hima Mawphlang who united the country and the nation with the cooperation of the chiefs.
“After that, the police car and the police car left,” said Bah Jeskalur.
Speaking to media at the 18th Shillong Wine Festival held in Shillong on Saturday, Bah Michael said that this recognition will also be an opportunity for the wine industry in the state. youth and the opportunity to increase the income of farmers because there will be no more soh that will be thrown to the ground due to lack of market but will belong to the winemakers.
“Many times during the elections, the Prime Minister has said that the Government will put education first in the State while in fact the SSA teachers are fulfilling their duties without pay and I don't drink,” said the Seng.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 20: Sailung Ialong SC and Mukhlaraij SC have qualified for the Super Division of the WJDSA tournament. The Ngin iai Kyntiew Producer Group (Piggery Unit) from Syllei U Lar village in Ri-Bhoi District on Tuesday celebrated its 1st Anniversary as a group of youths who work hard to stand up for themselves. The group was also awarded the title of Best Producer Group by the Chief Minister recently.
He said that in his constituency like Nongjri, the people want to erect signs even for 150 yards but their wish should not be erected in those places where markets and markets are held. that bag you die you thied.
Shillong, Lber 20: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Shillong, said that this is a golden opportunity for the voters of the Shillong Parliamentary seat to work together so that the NPP can reach its goal in the MP elections. The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has appealed to the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to come to the negotiating table as the government is fully prepared to take action against anyone who is involved in the negotiations. u pud u sam the law.
Furthermore, in an order, it was stated that a person, who has corona virus, went to JB Textiles, Police Bazaar, Shillong and thus, the shop was temporarily closed.
When asked about her views on the TMC's campaign in the state, Supriya Shrinate said, “This campaign is part of an attempt to get some vote share so that The TMC will be recognized as a National Party but I would like to say that the TMC will help the BJP and its allies as the Aam Admi Party has stolen our vote share in the elections. “The TMC's arrival in the state will be exactly like its attempt to win in Goa where it failed to win only one MLA even after winning,” she said. It is up to you (TMC) to decide whether you will help the BJP to win by stealing. “If you don't allow us to contest, we are the party that has become the bloodline in the state,” she said.
He said that the cow's milk is obtained only from farmers from Upper Shillong like Umlyngka, Laimer, and other neighboring areas and from some from Ri Bhoi.
It will be a great blessing to the Jews and not only to the Jews but to the whole world because Satan Lucifer rules.
Meghalaya, which won the toss, failed to tied first but lost their wickets for the loss of 24 runs in 12 overs.
“We remind Bah Vincent Pala that in Mizoram there are three district councils, the ILP is also in force and besides that there is Article 371 (g), in Nagaland there is Article 371 (a) and ILP, in Arunachal Pradesh there is Article 371 (h) and the ILP and in Manipur Article 371 (c) is in force and besides that now the ILP. “If other states have the ILP and the Sixth Schedule or Article 371,” said the party leader.
This happened on the evening of the 30th at about 6:30 pm.
When asked, Prestone said, “We don't know how much that incident will cause the BSF to shoot.
The tournament was held to mark the 184th anniversary of the Assam Rifles.
After the march, a rally was held at Mawkyrwat Market where speeches were delivered by the leaders of the Sur Ki People of South West Khasi Hills as well as the leaders of the HYC, HANM, HITO and the Union of Myanmar. Young Village.
“I speak from the bottom of my heart and I want to say that we are in the National Democratic Alliance (NDA), and I tell the NDA leaders that this group should work in politics.
For those who don't have this, it won't affect them so much that they can't buy power generators, invertors or other equipment to run their businesses and this won't help many. The poor and the rich have stopped working because they don't have other sources of electricity to use as those who don't have the ability to buy electricity. you juk city not now.
Moscow: Russia has been shocked by the shooting death of one of its army chiefs in Kharkiv, the largest city after Kyiv.
It's been a journey that we've gone from one milestone to another, complete," Dennerby said.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Mawkyrdep in Ri Bhoi District, has strongly condemned the murder of Bah Mangkara Khymdeit (32), an elder of the village, who was bombed and tied to death by the people. bloodshed from Klew village and which happened on the night of the 9th of this month at Klew village.
Government reports say that more than 50 million people died in Spain and surrounding areas during World War II alone, excluding the first.
“For now she doesn't want to say anything because once you have received the suspension notice we will try our best so that what we say can't go against us,” she said.
