However, in the second innings, BK Bajoria managed to score 68 runs for the loss of three wickets in 8.4 overs.
Speaking to media, Paiem Petrick Syiemiong Syiem of Nongspung Hima said that after receiving information that there has been a road blockade in the village by the people of Assam, he immediately ordered the people of Warmawsaw. and Umsohbar to inspect the illegal road construction in the village and immediately as the Syiem has lodged a complaint with the OC of Patharkhmah and Rani to inspect the illegal road construction in the village. and to stop immediately but they did not find it during the working hours and as the Syiem he did not hesitate and went to send a letter to the CEM to complain about the border crossing of Assam. KHADC has not taken action.
“The MDA government is one of the richest governments in the state, but it is also the poorest government to help the people and when I say that it means that it cannot. just to pay salaries to teachers, aganwadis, small jobs lose salaries”.
Bhattacharjee, who is also the Convenor of the North East Zone Duleep Trophy Selection Committee, said that besides the seven states that will play well in the tournament, the tournament has also been selected as one of the states. platforms to be selected in the zone team.
Dr. KD Ramsiej, Vice President of KAS, in his short speech, said that Rev. Thomas Jones, visited Ri Khasi on the 22nd of this month. July 1841.
Shillong: The NSS unit of Khadsawphra College Mairang on the 2nd of this month celebrated the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
On the same day, Rs 1 lakh was distributed to the families of the deceased and Rs 50,000 to the families of the seriously injured.
The union is also pleased to express to the government that it should start these development works which they have already promised to the people and which the union sees that they really need the government to start. However, on the other hand, the party has warned that the government should not mislead the people only during the elections, lest the people live only on promises, he added.
“All information on the arrival and absence of the employees should be informed to the Chief Secretary at 11 am,” said the CS. The protest was held in a march in New Delhi.
Alleging that the boundary demarcation in the first phase is not a Give and Take Policy but a Give and Take Policy to Assam, the HRDF leader said, “Assam has only received 18.51 squares. kilometers from 36.79 sq.km in this demarcation for the seven border areas.
He said that the party will continue to conduct such programs to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs and the impact of drugs on the society.
This year there were 23 events and more than 400 medal winners.
Dr. Ch.
This kind of desire is not true until you get what you want.
According to information received, the employees of the Board, have demanded that the remaining amount of T.T.5,23,849 should be paid in full in order to extend the months of non-payment of salaries which has reached you are six years old.
This influence of Harry Inglis on the trade in the Khasi Hills, greatly affected the income of the people at that time.
“The most important road from Mawlai Umjaiur to Mawlai Motsyiar and the footpath from Mawlai Nongpdeng are the most important roads.
Shillong, June 13: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday informed the public that according to the understanding of the Indian Metrological Department, Rainfall in some parts of the district with thunderstorms on the 14th and 15th of this month.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the HNYF , Bah Sadon Blah , on behalf of the 13 political parties , the HNYF said that since the beginning of the protest , the HNYF The State Government should not fight against the Parliament.
Two of the seriously injured were identified as Rajen Marak and his son Bikram Marak. The robbers looted T.2.5 lakh tyngka at midnight during the fire. Three women, Silkame M Marak, Chengche M Marak and Samantha M Marak, were seriously injured.
It is also a nation that is famous for its love for its own people from home to the village or the country as a whole.
He said that at present, the group is strong in the villages and the people expect the RDA to reach all the rural areas within the Shillong Parliamentary constituency. chess with this.
The US Embassy in Turkey also strongly condemned the attack and sent its congratulations and wishes to the injured for their speedy recovery.
One more person has died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of deaths to
Shillong: Hundreds of Sohiong residents have marched to the office of the Khasi District Council (KDC) in Lumdiengjri this afternoon to demand the removal of Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh Thabah. I am the Priest of Sohiong.
"“The rape of the two women (Kuki) has really affected the dignity of us women and we see that many states of India have stood up against the violence of the Meitei against women. Cookies.
In the 10th minute, Shkenpyrsit FC scored the first goal.
Jowai, November 30: The 160th death anniversary of the 12th Dolloi of the country, Woh Kiang Nangbah, was celebrated today at Kiang Nangbah Memorial Park, Madiah Kmai Blai. Kiang Nangbah - Khnam Memorial Society (KNIKMS), Jowai.
“Is the written law greater or the customs and traditions greater,” said the CEM.
The number of those who have completed the quarantine period according to the rules laid down by the government is 22 males and 10 females.
The SP also spoke on the police force and urged the youth who wish to join the police force to be prepared without having to wait until that moment to issue an advertisement. prepare from now on to get up early and read the books.
A meeting was held at Langja Village Square led by Bah KP Lyngkhoi President Congress Rimuliang Zone, in the presence of leading Congress leaders from the state, including Bah Charles Marngar MLA from Mawhati constituency, Emmanuel Badwar MLA from Mawhati constituency, Emanuel Badwar Secretary from MPCC Youth Wing, Bormanding Nonglang MDC from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency in the upcoming MDC election.
He said that an Advisory Committee has been set up to investigate drug traffickers and the punishment will not be for months or months but for many years.
Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare, Disaster Management and Revenue, inaugurated the first Artificial Turf Ground at Deinchynrum, Khliehriat on Friday.
In West Garo Hills, there are four cases, two cases from abroad and two cases of high risk.
After this, the family members immediately informed the police and the police took the body for further investigation.
Lakasein SC and Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC won the Super Division Football League tournament organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) on Tuesday.
The program was organized by the MSLSA, Shillong in collaboration with the Sub Divisional Officer (C) Ranikor, Ranikor Civil Sub Division. Justice HS Thangkhiew, Judge of Meghalaya High Court & Executive Chairman MSLSA, Justice W.Diengdoh, Judge of Meghalaya High Court & Chairman High Court Legal Services Committee, Bah T.Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District , Mawkyrwat and others.
However, after the opening of the railway station, it has become the bloodline of the people of North Garo Hills to transport agricultural products from Garo Hills by rail.
These problems can be addressed through the initiatives of the government and the relevant authorities.
Indian National Congress (INC) Leader Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday arrived at Malki Square, Shillong to attend a public rally as part of the party's election campaign. preparations to contest the elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
The fire broke out from the classrooms of class 6 to class 10 which has three sections each.
In John 5:28,29 it is written, “...for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice, and shall come forth; life; but they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation.
Several vehicles were stoned during the raid on the Muslim mosque, while the crowd threw stones at them, the report said.
Never be too demanding to your husband, enjoy every moment, resource as it comes.25.
It is impossible to imagine whether those who are accustomed to doing these things have the knowledge or whether the human understanding to think about their actions pleases others who see their actions. they are proud.
The NCW member said the report of the survey will be released within six months.
The webinar was conducted by Dr. Ailynti Nongbri, HoD, Khasi Department, Shillong College and welcomed the participants by Dr. RP Kharshiing, General Secretary, KAS. Prof. DRL Nonglait, HoD, Khasi Department, NEHU, Shillong who is also the President of KAS, spoke on the topic “The Thymmei of Thomas Jones”. He spoke on the topic of “The Contribution of Thomas Jones and the Proclamation of the Khasi Nation”.
Bah Thabah said the union does not want to protest like other teachers' groups because they do not want the children to be affected but they want to walk in a peaceful manner.
The group was led by Baichung Marak, Area Commander of the GNLA.
Since then, the couple have had a family and children.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: Before the Rangbah Shnongs left for the meeting with the Chief Minister at the Secretariat, a crowd of about 50,000 people gathered at Laban Square (behind the Red Cross) and The square was no longer full, and there were many people standing in the street.
The Deputy Commissioner also urged the public to avoid crowds and to stay 1 meter away from others and also to wear masks when going out to buy food items.
I would like to congratulate the Honorable Prime Minister and other dignitaries who attended this evening.
The improvements include wells, gates, drinking water, roads and footpaths, galleries at the temple, buildings at Mawbynna Nartiang including lighting, seating areas, viewing areas and others.
“We will fight on the ground, but it is up to the people to decide,” said the KHNAM candidate from Nongthymmai.
The protests have gained strength after two people lost their lives in Kharkuta, North Garo Hills, even though the AFSPA has not yet been enforced. Shillong, Naiwieng 27: After the questions of Class IX students were stolen a few days before the examination, the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers' Association (KHSA) today visited the AFSPA. MBOSE Executive Chairman EP Kharbhih has met with him to discuss the issue.
This was announced by the BJP Youth Wing (BJYM) Meghalaya.
The match was played between Assam and United Province (now UP) from 17 to 19 November
The union also informed the CM on the government's intention to bring the railway, that the government should not bring it into Jaintia Hills because it affects the migration of mynder for the present state. There is no sufficient law to curb the illegal entry of foreign authorities and the party leaders have asked the CM to introduce the ILP Act first and then look into the acceptance of the railway in Jaintia Hills.
I appeal to the Police and District authorities across the State and especially in East Khasi Hills, to monitor and fight hard to curb any violence that may occur.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has urged the people to follow in the footsteps of his father, who is one of the leading politicians in the North East.
Rangsakona MLA Zenith Sangma has urged the people to use their wisdom when electing their leaders when the elections come.
“During the two days of the meeting, they also discussed the fight against armed groups, the problem of Maoist and Front Organization armed groups, Crypto Currency, Counter Drone Technology, to monitor cyber and social media incidents, security of ports and islands, the challenges posed by 5G technology, the transformation of communities and the spending of opposition groups in border areas and the smuggling of alcoholic beverages.
I also see that.
The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today awarded prizes to the students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examination Students from Ri Bhoi who passed well in the examination.
Vincent said that although Dr Mukul Sangma has said that he does not want to contest for the MP election because he still wants to be in politics in the state, he will have to accept if there is a strong demand from them. public.
This season, Messi has scored 20 goals in all competitions and is the top scorer in the league with 15 goals.
Therefore, don't waste money, my fellow countrymen, once we have lost our land, it will be a great difficulty for thousands of people to get it back, because we have lost it in the right way, by wasting money. die duh it.
Speaking to media, Sangma said there are about 5 or 6 rivers which urgently need to be cleaned and these include the Lukha, Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers. The cleaning of these waters can be done by phytoremediation method.
In Ribhoi District, there are 7 new cases.
The Meghalaya government on Thursday approved a proposal to allow government officers of various departments including the All India Services, Meghalaya Civil Service, Meghalaya Police Service, Forest, Finance Services and others to continue studies on various lines in order to develop and improve further with regard to methods.
Velocity : Click is the speed of something.
On this occasion, the Election Department has prepared security forces by the CRP Police to avoid any inconvenience or disturbance by the robbers and the polling has been smooth and orderly until I don't have to vote.
Speaking on the occasion, Deborah expressed her satisfaction with Marak's joining the party and said, “Reynold is not new to the party, he is the grandson of the former minister. of the state government and will contest the 2023 elections from Selsella constituency”.
We want our youth to take the decision and take advantage of the opportunities they have received in the state.
Patboone Singkli will contest from Nongpoh Constituency.
The number of recoveries has risen to 4,117, said Nasima Sultana, Additional Director of the DGHS. to 307,736, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
The second issue that needs to be addressed is not to allow the Meghalaya Government to interfere with the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act.
In fact, the meeting convened by the University with the Principals of the affiliated Colleges, on 21st November, was attended by almost all the Principals and they expressed their appreciation for this initiative. .
Other sources said that the HYC leaders have also met with James K Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs today, to lodge a complaint against the robbery of Bah Warjri.
At present, there are about 84 battalions of Central Armed Police Forces (CAPFs) deployed in Tripura, including 14 battalions of CRPF who have recently arrived.
He said that the state government will hand over the investigation to the National Investigation Agency if it finds that the police are involved with the NGOs.
We recall that Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem has been temporarily removed from the post of Syiem of Mylliem Hima since 21st June, 2016, after receiving complaints from the Ministers within the Hima. Hima Mylliem, but now that the order has come from the Meghalaya High Court which is the highest court in our state, they have not done that,” they said. They want to appoint Ainam M Syiem as the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
On the occasion, it was also learned that the state government through the Piggery Mission, will receive an allocation of T.225 for the development of pig farming in the state as a whole and through this It is expected that the pig farmers will not only be able to supply pigs within the state, but also to export them abroad.
He served as the Governor of the state from 1991-1993, 1997 to 2002 and also from July 2002 to October
Perhaps the ethnic parties would have been able to win more and more, unless other parties had spent money on each household.
This was confirmed by this reporter through the inspection of one of the Ranikor PWD Roads, the road leading to Nonghyllam, Nongjri and which also separates from the road leading to Borsora. The road has been repaired in the evening but to avoid traffic jam, the road has been repaired only to allow traffic.
It was the opportunity for the nation to stand up in its own land to protect its rikynti inherited from our ancestors, which is honored as Meiramew.
The head of the family, Rajesh Kumar, said that a team of three members of the Punjab Police led by an Assistant Sub-Inspector broke into the house. at Tafar Sangi village at 3 pm and started violently attacking the family members without any reason.
In this regard, it is clear that the Meghalaya government has allowed the neighboring state and has not dared to discuss the issue with its own villagers. whom India knows and recognizes clearly as minorities and tribals.
Police sources said that these GNLA members came to Tura to rob and kidnap.
Regarding the demand for government land, the state government has agreed.
Hurdles CC won by 36 runs against Nongdawah CC and Ricky Stone Nongbet was named Player of the Match.
“We demand that the government under the Meghalaya Community Participation and Public Services Social Audit Act should improve the assistance,” said TUR. detailed calculation.
“We demand that the park be named Phan Nonglait Park, because she was one of the brave men who fought against the British,” said Lambokstar.
The Congress leader alleged that the BJP wants to bring and force the people through the UCC by implementing one law in the country, one religion, one language and so on.
When asked whether they have released other music videos before they released Shynnam shynnam, they said that they have some videos that are lyngkhot lyngkhai which they have released lately. This is the Shynnam shynnam that you have done.
“At present, we have no electricity for up to 10 hours a day in Meghalaya.
Regarding these actions of the Government, I have moved a motion on the 3rd of this month in the District Council, in which I have proposed that both the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam should look into the matter. and some of the grounds, which were approved by the whole House.
This book speaks of God's wrath and judgment against Nineveh, the capital of the Assyrians.
The 35th Biennial Conference started on 17th July 2024 and ended today. The theme of the conference was, “Multidisciplinary Approach in Home and Community Science for Sustainable Development.
If we judge the progress of the nation, we can judge ourselves by our ability to select those who can pass in the JEE and UPSC. The last pass in the UPSC Civil Service Examination was in
Through the ILP, tourists will be free from any problems,” he said.
Ialong Secondary School won the tie breaker 3-1
The oath was taken by the President of the Seng, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, who urged the members to work hard to bring a good service to the people of Mawshynrut Circle. whole.
The statement also wished Hanika to continue her hard work in her future studies.
Not only that, but there are those who want smartphones or silver chains.
Jopsilin Khardewsaw performed a song on the election issue.
They include Meena Hangsing, her son Tomshing, who is under 7 years old, and Meena's family member Lydia Lourembam. of Medical Sciences, after Tomshing, was injured in the shooting, that night by the robbers.
It is worth mentioning that although the leaders of the BJP Sohra Mandal on the other hand claimed that it was not a party meeting, it was seen that the meeting was dressed in the BJP flag. Hamlet said the BJP leaders in Delhi had directed Dr Khongjee to hold a public meeting and he had done so and the ticket would be up to them.
The Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ) has announced that the Third Division Football League will start on the 2nd of March this year.
Police sources said that the girl was raped by two boys under the age of 18 from the same village who fled the village under Mawsynram Police Station.
The Chief Minister also urged the people of the state especially in Shillong not to be in fear but to follow the directions of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. They came to the hospital to inform the government authorities to take the necessary action.
These days, when various meats are no longer edible, but China has the ability to cook jyntah with stone.
Meghalaya has three bowlers, three of whom have taken two wickets each.
Gogoi, who is also the Congress youth leader in the Lok Sabha, was speaking at a public meeting in North Lakhimpur attended by various Congress leaders.
When the lamet is cleansed, the Sordar takes part in completing his prayer, and if he has anything wrong or lacking in the wording of the prayer, he is helped. Then the sordar was appointed by the other elders of the village.
From Thomas Jones, vehicles were allowed to drive and leave for Dulong College Road.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, has taken the recent statement of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) through social media as a drama. that the government continues to invite its leaders to the talks.
Rongmei Phwam, Shillong has demanded that the law enforcement authorities should arrest the perpetrator immediately and punish him according to the rules of law.
Some of the Integrated Gheck Gates are one at Umling, Dawki and Dainadubi and those are planned to be implemented while four or five gates are yet to be installed and some have not yet been completed. due to lack of space.
From the woman, police seized 22 bags of brown sugar weighing 813 grams.
Therefore, the union has requested the Minister to take action in this regard as the shortage of textbooks in the bookstores has caused problems to the students especially in these days when the class for the students has started to run slowly.
At the second meeting, she gathered all the forty creatures to send back after 9 days and 9 nights.
The RTI also replied that according to Clause 5 of the MOU, the work has been implemented by the KHADC through 282 contractors.
He said that it doesn't matter if it ends in Khanapara.
These teams have lost hope of reaching the round of 16 after losing in the first match and through today's draw.
The report said that the two robbers took the girl in a Tata Sumo belonging to Pyrkhat to a remote place to commit the crime against the society.
When asked whether there is any intention to dissolve the Executive Committee led by Bah PN Syiem, Bah Nongrem said that at present there is no intention to dissolve the Executive Committee. The Council's dorbar, which is scheduled to be held in the next two days, will start on the 18th of this month. Bah Man concluded by saying, “Let it end before the dorbar and after the dorbar. we'll see".
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Dr DD Lapang, Adviser to the State Government as the Chief Guest, P. Sampath Kumar, Commissioner & Secretary, Department of Agriculture, Dr. DD Lapang, Adviser to the Government of Meghalaya. CP Gotmare DC Ri Bhoi, Ramesh Singh SP Ri Bhoi, officers from various government departments, elders and Slasha farmers who were present at the meeting.
The High Court has said that such measures should not be taken and the Municipal Board and district authorities, in collaboration with the Rangbah Shnongs, should ensure that the transportation of garbage will be beit that goes smoothly.
According to her, the delay in the MLAs joining the BJP is because there are still those who are waiting for the release of the MLA scheme as there is still a lot of money in the MLA scheme that remains to be released.
After investigation, the case was registered under U/S 302/34 Indian Penal Code (IPC), but S.I.Q.E.Pala died on 11.06.2022 without completing the case. Two of the accused including Kamai Muruh and Lowit Muruh also died while the trial was ongoing.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced the first list of candidates for the 2023 MLA election to the State Legislative Assembly.
They saw with their own eyes the fertility of the land, and the grain was good, that the barley was plentiful, that the fish were plentiful in the rivers and in the streams.
Those who participated in the program included Elvis Dkhar, Guide Captain Moolamylliang Upper Primary School, Pynwan Sutnga, Scout Master Sutnga Govt School, Mondaystar Sutnga, Guide Captain Saraswati Mandir. School, Youtang Chyrmang, Scout Master Star Public School, Bijoy Biam, Guide Captain Star Public School, Laxmi Sarkar.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: A group of leaders and members of the FKJGP-Jaintia Hills together with the Rangbah Shnong and Village Leaders under the banner of the Sanshnong Development Committee of Namdong area today visited the Sanshnong Development Committee of Namdong area. Namdong PHC and it was found that the PHC does not have a doctor except an Ayurvedic doctor and a dentist.
Merry Christmas and may the New Year bring you all peace and happiness and may we experience all the good things according to the plans of God.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, FKJGP President Joe Marwein said that the price of petrol has been reduced before the price of petrol has been reduced. They said that MUDA has not yet done anything on their demand and soon the union will go to remind the department to implement the demand which they demanded earlier.
On this issue, Bindo said, “My old captain does not understand the law” and said that if the courts do not give a strong decision, it is not the prime minister's responsibility. he will sit and watch, but it is he who will find ways to solve these problems.
The winner will receive a cash prize of T.1.50 lakh while the runner-up will receive T.80,0
Meghalaya beat Jammu & Kashmir 11-0 in the Junior Girls' National Football Championship (Tier 2) with Eiladki Ksoo scoring three goals alone.
At the same time, he alleged that this incident was planned by unknown groups to intimidate foreigners from ethnic hatred in which the authorities did not do anything.
Four persons have tested positive today, two from Chokpot, one from East Garo Hills and one from Chokpot. North Garo Hills District.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 832 in Maharashtra, 350 in Delhi and 53.18 per cent of the new cases from the four states.
The police have set up barricades on the roads, they have set up barricades, because the farmers have come with cars and tractors.
Colonel HS Bivar, DC (1874) wrote on the customs and traditions of the Khasi Hima, “It can be clearly seen that the Syiems of the various Khasi Himas are not the Chief Rulers of the land. but they are only elected Chiefs and have no rights in the land”.
The Crime Branch Police Station will operate under the Superintendent of Police (Eastern Range) and will operate within the boundaries of six districts of the Eastern Range of the state. Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi, West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Shillong Lajong FC have lost 1-0 to Inter Kashi on Saturday afternoon. The I-League 2023-24 will be played at the First Ground, Polo.
Police across the country and the state have urged the public not to disclose their personal information to strangers and not to distribute passwords, account numbers or ATMs and others. The Executive Force has developed a number of measures to prevent cyber crime.
I like goat meat, beef and beef and I like to eat beef,” he said.
On Tuesday, about 18,354 pilgrims left for the shrine at Amarnath from both their residences at Baltal and Nunwan for the ritual.
On the expressions of opposition from some political parties to the BJP's demand to bring the freight railway to Shillong, Hek said that all political parties in the state have The BJP wants the Central Government to bring freight trains to Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, March 3: The government's plan to build entry & exit points in West Khasi Hills, which was planned to be set up at Athiabari, has been postponed for nearly seven years. the government has not yet been able to achieve this goal.
Along with Conrad, who was sworn in for the second term, others who took the oath were the two Symbud Prime Ministers, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar.
“The pitch wasn’t ready yet because of the rain and the grass didn’t grow well.
As we continue to pray for peace, let us turn to the teachings of the prophets, the speech of the Word of God, the prayer of how God will hear and hear the people when they cry out.
The Sanskritik Sandhya entertained the audience with songs and poetry readings by Dr Sunil Yogi, Kong Silvi Passah, Moh Khalid Khan, MP Pandey and other dignitaries.
A suitcase and 10 grams of suspected alcohol were recovered from the vehicle. When tested, it was found to be Crystal Meth (mescaline).
According to sources, the robbers have stolen a dumper truck number AS 01 EC 3181 from a petrol pump. The truck was owned by Dip Sharma of Guwahati on the morning of July 15, 2013 at Biharbari, Guwahati.
“The Prime Minister also informed that he has been in talks from time to time with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sawma. Chief Secretary of the State.
The Legislative Assembly and the people should be clarified why this goal has not been achieved yet.
At the same time to create and appoint Directors of Investigation and Directors of Prosecution in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai said that the government should open this school for the benefit of the students of the area especially as there is a shortage of B.Ed schools in the state. They said that the JAC will send a letter to the Chief Minister and the Minister of Education to demand the immediate reopening of the school which has been in existence for many years.
Shillong: U Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh has won the mid-term elections from Mawphlang Constituency with 4,401 votes, defeating the Congress candidate Kennedy C Khyriem and Bah Lamphrang Blah, the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP), came third.
West Garo Hills followed with 69 cases, 65 males and four females.
He said that the online class, especially in the rural areas, has a big problem and the examination selection will be conducted on the online class now.
In his speech, the Minister said that due to the increase in illegal activities in the area, the residents have faced many problems due to the strengthening of the security forces by the army. BSF. He said that the State Government will be able to look into these issues when it holds a meeting with the BSF officials. – Nazrul Hoque, on the part of the Prime Minister, said that the border area is the worst area in terms of smuggling of cattle and other issues; and on the other hand, the military has to take strong measures to curb illegal activities.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said that the last election was between the UDP and the NPP where other candidates did not get the votes with them. “There is always victory and defeat in the elections and we welcome the new MLA to our party,” she said.
When it was time to leave, Bahnah left the house and suddenly while he was standing at the taxi stand, Riia saw him.
The truck (ML-05H 7850) carrying 24 cows worth T.5.60 lakh had only one driver and one inspector.
The farmers went around the fields.
As an encouragement to the students of the College, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh urged the students to use this Library Room to gather knowledge that will benefit them in life. He said that as students to reach the goal of success as students does not mean that just to reach college is enough while they don't know anything else about education which is just a waste of time. he added.
However, for the Primary, Upper Primary and Secondary students, wherever we go, we hear that even the teachers are facing problems through this online class.
The winner will receive a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka while the runner-up will receive 20,000 tyngka and trophies.
Mayra Alonzo, 59, died suddenly at her residence in Santiago last month.
The nine families who have received the assistance include Bon Dkhar from Pasyih, Amanda Talang from Pammarik, Alinsha Snaitang from Mawlai Nongkwar; Baiarlin Khongjoh from Langkawet, Bantimerry Kurbah from Nongthliew, Persha Wankhar from Mawkasiang, Leki Dkhar from Puriang, Enarisha Thabah from Umlyngka Kynton and Kyrshanbor Khongsit from Nongrim Sadew.
“A lot of opportunities arise for you in India," he said.
Admitting that the party is weak in Garo Hills, Bah Lyngdoh said the main reason why it cannot appear is because it does not have MLAs and MDCs. “After the 2003 elections, the party “I won two seats, after 2008, I won one but in the 2013 elections I lost without winning,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Also present on this occasion were the village leaders from these neighboring villages and especially the residents who came out to express their happiness that they will finally see the road to their village.
In the last election, all but two or three candidates were trained.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSKA) on Saturday welcomed the kickboxing players of the state who have brought fame not only to the region but to the country as a whole. The 3rd WAKO Indian Open International Kickboxing Tournament 2024 was held in New Delhi.
Mairang, June 27: U Bah Grostinglin Ryntathiang, Secretary of the Village Employment Committee of Sarong Village, Mairang C&RD Block, has been charged with rape. The elders and longkmie of the village have been asked to expose the actions of the villager and to request the authorities to help resolve the issues in the village which have arisen due to the actions of the villager. old.
Many who become leaders receive only 20 or 30 p.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Students' Union (RBSU) through its President Bah Everjoy Nongpluh, on Tuesday said that the RBSU is deeply saddened by the excessive damage caused by the Bhoirymbong to the Nongmai area. Therefore, the union urges the state government through the PWD department to take the necessary measures to repair the road. too much and causing problems in public transportation.
The letter to the Chief Secretary and other government officials alleged that the student organizations in Meghalaya have been influenced to have favoritism towards religious groups.
The Leader of the Sur ki Nong West, Samla Wilstone Sohshang, has expressed his surprise that the government has not been able to give a fair trial to the relatives of (L) Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. to punish those who were involved in the murder of this man to this day.
There will also be a Help Desk, where day laborers can get assistance through advice as well as explanations on issues related to the rights of workers such as getting leave during the day. sickness, the regularity of working hours of 48 hours a day or 8 hours a day, and not more than that, as well as the right of employees to ESI, or the Employee State Insurance Scheme and the Provident Fund, as well as Maternity leave.
Tynsong also criticized the VPP for saying that religious leaders were involved in the distribution of liquor during the elections. “I would like to urge the people that if you feel that something the VPP says is wrong, you have the opportunity to prove it on the 19th of this month, and that long by voting for the NPP,” he added.
Mulang Ialong, Mookaswan and Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng won the Under-17 and Third Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) on Friday.
“The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh has already confirmed to them to meet with the ASHA workers. The ASHA workers have been on indefinite strike for the past three days against the government's failure to pay them up to T.5,0
Will continue.
According to information received, all the MLAs who hold the post of MDC are ready to resign next month but the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N. Syiem said that the KHADC Chief who is also a Congress MLA from Mawsynram constituency is still in confusion and has not yet decided whether to resign from the post of MLA or MDC. At present, media reports said that Bah Pynshngaiñ is still seeking advice from his advisors and also said that he is in talks with his fellow MDCs on the matter to give their advice on what is right. There are 8 MLAs and at the same time MDCs in the state but out of the 8 Two candidates have already resigned, HDR Lyngdoh and Ardent M Basaiawmoit and six candidates including Brolding Nongsiej of the UDP, Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP and KP Pangniang of the HSPDP. , Pynshngaiñ N Syiem of the Congress, Sanbor Shullai of the NCP and Stephan Mukhim in Jaintia Hills.
The deficiency of nutrients in the body has increased these days and this can affect more than we think.
In the eyes of Archbishop Dominic Jala, there is no great or small, rich or poor; he welcomes everyone with a quick handshake and a smiling face.
Imphal: About 87 people belonging to the Kuki-Zo ethnic group, who lost their lives in the ethnic bloodshed in Manipur, were buried in their last rites on Tuesday.
In this regard, Bah Bhastar Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Quinine, said that the couple are from Quinine village, which is near Umnget village. and she fled to Umnget.
I was given six bullets to load into the rifle.
Mawlai are now in fourth position with 13 points and will reach second position if they win again.
Therefore, to be worthy to be mothers and fathers who have children who can afford to live day and night, to take care of their children according to the custom of motherhood and if all parents, rich and poor, in the city and I dare to say that our Khasi children should not be drunkards, should not be slaves of drug traffickers, I say slaves because drugs can be made in ri khasi but drugs can be obtained from abroad through large to small traders, big to small traders get high commission and small earn small.
The Assam Survey has been expelled from many places, has been suspended and the work has stopped and till now there has been no settlement of the boundary between Jaintia Hills and Mikir Hills. Anglong is now.
Speaking at a seminar, Sonowal said that full citizens of India have the full right to show their Indian identity, to introduce name in the National Register of Citizenship (NRC).
Therefore, there are many cases of people taking loans or selling land, land or possessions for meeting medical expenses.
The Union has written to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to take action on this issue as the area is not a residential area but a residential area for the employees of the Municipal Department.
Regarding the KHNAM's report to the MBOSE, the Principal said, “We don't feel anything, because we don't have any secret intention, it's just a mistake, we have to answer if the MBOSE tells us anything,” she said.
BJP Leader AL Hek on Tuesday said that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hand over the torch to all the BJP Presidents from the state. to receive the award from New Delhi on Tuesday.
We don't expect that the Khasi people will reach unity, then who is not our fault? ? Shri G.Singh Syiemlieh - Nongkdait BPO Mawkyrwat 793114South West Khasi.
Police have also deployed four dogs to search for drugs at the Dog Squad K-9 Unit, Shillong.
According to Ma Siangshai, 49 years old from Mookhep village under Lad Rymbai, he has assets of T.332.65 crore.
When asked whether if a Khasi man marries a non-Khasi, he will lose his riew lum status, he declined to comment, saying that the committee is still considering and accepts the opinion of the groups. any organization and private individuals for the purpose of implementing this Bill.
In the afternoon there was a sacrament service conducted by the Bishop and the Word of God was preached by Father Polycarpus Shylla.
He requested the sports department to turn to the Mawtawar Stadium and Mawsiatkhnam Stadium to improve the stadium to promote sports activities in the area.
On receiving the information, the Fire Brigade from Meghalaya and Assam rushed to the scene and extinguished the fire.
He added that many of the residents of East Jaintia Hills District especially the rural areas are facing difficulties in getting electricity, while the electricity bill has to be paid regularly. He also said that even in Khliehriat which is the Headquarters of the District, the power outage is increasing. This has caused problems to the students, employees in various offices. There is also a lack of electricity consumption in East Jaintia Hills District in the distribution of electricity to the consumers.
“We are against the forced Hindi language, the forced acceptance of only one religion, the ban on eating beef and other rules that we do not agree with, I promise to stand up for our culture and identity. He also expressed his concern that in these days there are groups who have started to try to destroy the customs and traditions.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that many illegal activities in the state are not only illegal mining, but also theft or threatening others. the government is not.
The Superintendent of Police said that on July 22, 2022, the relatives of Bah Snor Kharkongkor lodged a complaint on suspicion that he was murdered.
The average of half a year can be 150 which means that it has decreased significantly.
On behalf of the Admins of Antor Group, we are sorry to hear that some people have taken the opportunity to accuse Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, one of the leaders of the group. For the benefit of the people, that it has frightened and encouraged the people on the relationship between 5G and the Corona Virus.
On the demand of the Harijan Panchayat Committee to allocate 10 acres of land to replace the land in Them Metor, the former Chief Minister said, “I am sorry that you cannot throw anyone on the road, especially those who have ever worked and lived in the State.
On whether to withdraw from the BJP-led NEDA, Dr Kharlukhi said the NPP has already decided to withdraw if the BJP passes the CAB. therefore, we shall hold another meeting on this matter.
There are no other evils.
In the first match, Laitkor SC beat PFR Football Academy 3-1 in the first leg of the match. , which assured this team of retaining the lead.
I also told him that it was easier to do it now while it was still small, than later when it was widespread.
Surprisingly, the Assam Government has appointed a Joint Survey Team under the TAD/GA/83 dated 5/11/1957 to survey only Block I which includes government officials from UKJ Hills and Mikir Hills. The District has decided to transfer Block I to Jowai Sub-Division earlier to meet the demands of many prominent leaders of Jowai Sub-Division.
“The door of the Secretariat is open, not at Madan Malki or Police Bazar, we open the door of the Secretariat. The NPP meeting was held on Monday evening.
This statement was issued by President Happy Hymbai and General Secretary Mr. Elias Dkhar.
In English it is called mental health or a disease that affects the mind and especially the emotions.
“This project has been implemented by Trinity Impex International, Delhi at a cost of T.2.5 crore.
Manipur has not been able to protect us, so we turn to the Government of India to give us our own sovereignty through the Constitution of the country and to live in peace as a neighboring state. and Manipur.
After the two-hour meeting, Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters that the team of inquiry will be headed by former Supreme Court judge MV Shah.
Speaking on the occasion, BJP Meghalaya General Secretary Bashailang Khongwir said that he has not yet received any information as he is waiting for the news from the party headquarters in Delhi.
At the same time, a speech was delivered by the Myntri Shnong of Sohkyllam, Bah P.Wanniang who expressed his satisfaction that there is such a health center which will provide good services by visiting the hospital. different villages and it will be a great blessing from children to adults.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his satisfaction to see that thousands of people have turned out to witness and support the UCPF leaders. and the UDP party to strengthen the party for the 2023 elections as the UDP party has already suffered defeats in the past years.
Tura, July 14: Preparations for the opening ceremony of the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 have been in full swing with all the participants arriving in Tura on Sunday morning.
Shillong: The Jakrem Presbyterian Church will welcome the 18th Synod Service of the KJP Western Synod from 5th to 8th October
Israeli troops have killed three militants in parts of the West Bank after Israeli troops attacked the West Bank with heavy weapons. drones.
Therefore, some have suggested that we think again.
Perhaps there are many explanations on the subject, “Why the Khasi and Garo give birth to their children to the woman”, depending on the information of the authors.
Bah Mathew said that together with the incumbent MLA of Mawphlang, they will continue to follow in the footsteps of Bah SK Sunn who has paved the way in terms of jobs in order to complete the remaining works. He said that he knows well how to implement the schemes if he wins this election because he knows well about the progress of the schemes at the Secretariat.
Scientists at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kanpur and Hyderabad used a susceptible, undetected, tested (positive) and removed approach (SUTRA) to find out. The number of cases will reach more than 10 lakh by the middle of January.
About 200 members of the jail attended the programme.
Not only that, the union also found that the used injection equipment and bottles of injection drugs were broken and spread inside the room where the body should be kept.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has said that the border settlement talks between Meghalaya and Assam on 15th November at Umkiang have surprised many, even the media of Meghalaya has not been informed. .
“Although the trade in coal has been banned, in the areas of Sawkilo, Rymbai and Umsong villages in Jaintia Hills, the mining and transportation of coal is still going on. The coal was transported by small trucks to Guwahati,” said a source from the residents. while talking to some journalists today.
If the woman cleans the house, the man cleans and breaks the stones that support the house.
Therefore, the Seng has sent a message to all the people who come to take medicine and especially those who are addicted to drugs, that if they come to take medicine, take it with dignity and don't sit there. you will find it again and you will come back.
Ways to reduce skin stiffness: Healthy foods and healthy lifestyle choices are important to reduce skin stiffness.
This Campaign is to fulfill the wish of the Father of the Nation to implement the PMAY scheme to bring about change in the society.
The company is headed by Bah Bhalang Phanbuh.
Katie Holmes, the ex-girlfriend of Jamie Foxx, has expressed her sorrow over the illness of Jamie Foxx. good.
He said that those who are in good health between the ages of 18 to 65 years can apply.
There are many religions and churches.
According to Bah Paul, the state needs MLAs and MDCs who can make laws and procedures without waiting for orders from Delhi.
Wanlambor Kharkongor scored the goals in the 21st minute and Pyntngenlang Kharumnuid in the 67th minute.
Therefore, each group has its own state which does not distinguish itself from any side to divide the nation.
“We have discussed many issues but no decision has been taken yet and we will meet again,” he said.
The opening of the earth throws us into the wind.
Franklin said the union has demanded the appointment of jobs in Maternity and Child Healthcare but Hek said the government has decided to hand over to non-governmental organizations who are skilled in for example, the Down Town Hospital and others.
Praise also goes to the Dorbar Shnong and the Waheh Chnong of Moolamylliang who have seen far ahead what should be done to cover up the coal mines and to use the area again.
Punjab's captain Shikhar Dhawan lost his wicket in the first ball of the match. thmu tied.
But still, she was determined to tell it straight as it was.
Jowai, Naiwieng 16:The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a press release today expressed its concern over the overcrowding and overcrowding of the public when queuing up at banks to withdraw money. or in return for money.
Under his leadership, Churchill Brothers won the I-League title in 2012-1
Regarding the meeting with the EE PWD, the HYC and elders urged the EE PWD to take immediate action on the issue of the stones. for the safety of those who walk and stand on this road.
Sohra MLA Titos Chyne and Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor have strongly condemned the incident which happened yesterday in East Jaintia Hills where two people lost their lives in the shooting. police.
Rock, 57, referred to Smith, 53, and his wife, saying, "Jada, I love you.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Moonlyrooi Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary of the SSSS, urged the youth to continue to prepare for the upcoming Meghalaya Games. 2024 and hope that it will be an honor not only for themselves but for their families and the District as a whole.
She passed the ICSE Examination 2023 with 94.3% marks and 5 Distinctions including English, Khasi, Social Science, Mathematics, Science and Home Science.
The HNLC has also released a photograph of the Garo militants in the West Khasi Hills.
Erwin said that if the case goes to court, Saitsohpen will win because there are sufficient witnesses and documents to support the case.
Shillong, Jymmang 31 : The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr. WR Kharlukhi, on Tuesday said that they are unfortunate that the church groups have not invited them from the National People's Party (NPP) to a meeting to discuss corruption.
Soso Tham also translated Aesop's Fables into Khasi under the title Aesop's Fables which has received praise from many churches and has been accepted by all.
When asked how much damage has been done, Witting said it has reached tens of crores of rupees. When asked how much relief is urgently needed in the area, he said. He said that T.5 crore is needed.
Nongpoh, Lber 21: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) RI Bhoi and MDC Nongpoh today clarified that the departure of the UDP leaders has nothing to do with the party. It is still strong and operational in RI Bhoi District.
The reason is that God does not dwell in man-made temples.
We are living in this age where knowledge has increased rapidly from one time to another and many of us cannot understand the knowledge like this. you juk now.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has implemented a mission to improve employment opportunities for the youth by helping them to set up their own businesses. 20,000 youths will be trained through CM-Elevate.
The High Court today sought the report of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on the investigation into the recruitment of LP school teachers in the state, the report of the High Level Scrutiny Committee appointed by the Government. marks obtained by candidates who have passed the Teacher Recruitment Examination.
The most surprising thing about this incident is that there was also a Maruti Swift which fell into the area and it was driven away immediately early in the morning. don't be near the body of the woman.
Modi will inaugurate the railway line from Assam tomorrow through video conference and address the people of Garo Hills.
JSU leaders including Vice President Bankerlang Lamurong and General Secretary Heiplanmiki Tariang have sent a letter to the EE of MeECL on Tuesday urging him to immediately repair the transformer. to these villages for the benefit of the paid electricity consumers.
This is the first time I have heard that this song is for our nation.
It was also mentioned that the EE has not been able to provide the documents and documents such as challat to confirm that these goods have been transported from the places hired by the contractors.
Shillong, March 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District on Thursday commemorated the 2nd Anniversary of the death of Meieit Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin by laying flowers at the cemetery. in Domiasiat.
Before the incident, Hailsentinari Marweiñ, mother of two children, was on her way to fish from the Rilang River near Jashiar Village. There will be an earthquake that will destroy the man and the house.
He said that the people need to understand that when talking about settlement and any issue especially on the border issue, there must be an understanding between Meghalaya and Assam and both the issues must be resolved. there shall be gain and loss.
The final match of the tournament will be played on the 15th of this month between Ri Bhoi United and Lamare SC at 2 pm.
Lyngdoh declined to comment on the outcome of the talks between Sanbor and the BJP leaders in Delhi but hoped that the talks were pleasant and adequate.
Today, Rupang reporter visited the area to witness the change of color of the water.
The final of the Under-17 girls (Iewrynghep vs H.Elias) will start at 9 pm, followed by the final of the Under-14 boys (Umphyrnai v Assam Rifle) and the final. Assam Rifle vs H. Elias in the final of the Under-17 Men's Championship.
Names of Parliament Constituency Wise Coordinators: Assam:1
The union on this issue said that the government's delay in issuing the list will affect the students who are interested in this line especially those who are waiting for the list.
:A drug dealer has been arrested on the 4th of November, while trying to sell drugs near Police Point Laitumkhrah.
This is also the beginning of encouraging the residents to fly the Indian Lama in their homes and vehicles.
Likewise, other small parties involved in the government that will end.
Shillong: The Umroi Block Youth Congress Assembly (UBYCA) has announced that there will be an integrated coaching program for various government job examinations in various departments of the state and central governments.
He urged the people to be surprised at this juncture, otherwise the jaidbynriew will be completely destroyed, where even foreigners have said that if this government comes back.
Mitra became an MLA from Kamarhati.
According to the Chief Secretary, the SLC will hold another meeting on the 16th of November to finalize the details.
The program was held at Bosco Pnar Jowai in the presence of Ewanmi Phawa, Leningrad Tariang, Organizing Secretary and others.
The union also condemned the recent incident at NEHU where a NEHU officer attempted to rape a Khasi student on the 19th of this month. The Seng said that the authorities in charge of NEHU should not allow such incidents to happen again and to ensure peace and order. of undergraduate female students.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura tomorrow.
Shillong: Police have arrested a vehicle (AS-01C-6737) at Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills at 4.30 pm today. grams of heroin worth T.57,166 were seized from Alex Lamare, the driver and another passenger, Livingstone Susngi.
“We will be here to support him,” said Bah Wahlang.
Shillong, June 20: Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie has received a donation of 11 lakh tyngka for the construction of paved roads in Mawlai Umthlong.
The state government has extended the term of the GHADC twice last year on the grounds of paving the way for the implementation of the agreement with the ANVC and ANVC (B) to increase the number of MDCs in the Autonomous District Council (ADC) in the state.
KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that Angela Ryngad should not distinguish between Jaintia and Khasi. In KHADC in Khasi Hills, the ethnic group is one but we have sub tribes which are Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and so on,” he said.
For this reason, Mr. Edwingson Bareh filed a case in the Guahati High Court to challenge the validity of Notification No. TAD/R/50/64 dated 23rd November Civil Rule 303 of 1964) and appeal was filed by Edwingson Bareh in Supreme Court against the judgment of the High Court ( Ref Civil: Appeal No.968 of 1965) the judgment of the supreme court maybe seen in the AIR 1966 Supreme Court 1220 ( V 53 C 237 ) Mr. Edwingson Bareh in his petition and appeal, which is also a solid foundation that testifies that we are one nation whether before the court or before the We are the children of Hynniewtrep Talawiar, Sohpetbneng, the country of the middle of the world.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the State Government provides assistance for them.
Expressing his disagreement with the new ILP proposed by the 13 political parties, HSPDP Vice President Ardent Basaiawmoit said the party has not changed its position on the demand for the implementation of the ILP. ILP in the state is in accordance with the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation,
The High Court of Meghalaya will hear the case tomorrow and the government will have to answer in court.
The Shillong Bengali Association has also come forward to strongly condemn the incident and demanded that the robbers involved in the incident should be punished according to the law.
If they can be released, they prefer to be on duty as teachers in schools rather than become census takers.
According to the letter, it said that those who fail to comply with the rules will be punished with imprisonment for up to 7 years and a fine of T 10 lakh tyngka under Section 59 (iv) of the Food Safety and Standards Act,
He said that religious groups should strictly follow the health rules.
He said that in the past months before taking over, the SRGT had found that some people had been killed in this area.
The Forest Department has collected from T.7 lakh to T.18 lakh in the last 11 years.
In a letter to the National People's Party (NPP), BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie said, “The party and two MLAs have agreed to allow AL Hek to take over the post of Minister of State from the party. The Party has urged the MLAs to respect the decision of the Party for the betterment of the Party. party and government".
The East Jaintia Hills District Police Department has urged the residents of Narpuh to be vigilant in their driving and not to drive too fast on the same road. The police department since last month has urged the people passing through the NH-6 to carry food and water so that it will not cause them any problems in case of accident. any traffic.
The Department of Tourism will also have the opportunity to promote Meghalaya as a tourist attraction on the international stage.
Shillong, Nailar, 30: The Indian Army on Saturday gathered young recruits who wish to join the Indian Army at a meeting held at Wahingdoh Community Hall, Shillong. .
The President of the Voice of People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the new party will expand its branch to Garo Hills where it will nominate candidates from Garo Hills. for the 2023 elections.
When inquired, Pa'iem Kynsai said that these people came to him through their relatives who have settled in Dangar, Balat and other villages inhabited by other ethnic groups within the Hima. Flood.
Nongstoiñ, March 26: St Xavier's Secondary School, New Nongstoiñ, has celebrated its 25th Anniversary this year and on Friday 26th March 2023, it will celebrate its Silver Jubilee. The meeting was held at the ground floor of the school in Nongstoiñ.
“The RTI reply we have received is also very clear in that some of the supporters have no names and have signed their names.
Chief Justice Abhishek Manu Singhvi told the three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice SA Bobde that Uttar Pradesh has started investigating They should be registered under the CAA and implement the National Population Register (NPR) and Singhvi's request should be suspended until the court decides.
The Block Development Officer, Mylliem C&RD Block, Saloni Verma, IAS was the chief guest.
They have to be trained in the Shella River and we cannot appoint a coach to provide full training so that we can train the talented youth because we cannot afford to pay the salary of the coach. .
These organizations have already held protests on Monday and Tuesday.
The Final Draft of the NRC in Assam will be released on 30th November
Nongpoh: Three persons were killed in a sudden explosion at a quarry in Nagrabil village this evening. The truck was badly damaged and it is unbelievable that the occupants of the truck survived.
He said that MeECL can release water from the Umiam Dam at any time if the water level in the Dam continues to rise to the danger limit.
He mentioned the problems faced by the people these days such as coal mining, Rangbah Shnong and others and this is because the state government has not passed proper laws.
Not only that, he said that at that time they also tarred the map with the demand that it should be corrected immediately.
The union demands that the SP should punish George Dkhar, saying that his actions are illegal.
Wanshilong Kharhunai scored the goals for Wahlyngkien in the 17th minute and Aiborlang Kharhunai in the 58th minute. come through the penalty shootout.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 28: To promote awareness on water management, how to manage and maintain it, the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (US&TM) with the support of the Ministry of Water Resources, Government of India The 4-Day Residential Training Under JJM was held at the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Hall, Mawkyrwat.
We have seen a good turnout of the people to vote.
Why don't you succeed?In evil you often fall,Why don't you reach the goal,In every race? .
After the initial hearing, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, through the NGT, has issued forms to the owners of coal mines or even those who have opened coal mines across the state, to obtain permission to mine coal.
He said that the number of drug addicts in the state has increased rapidly, which has prompted the Government to renew its thinking on how to fight against drugs. to be able to eradicate this problem and the spread of drugs which has affected the society.
The challenges can be overcome with hard work and added that education should not only be a passing of grades but also an asset to the society.
choose to make a new change.
Workshops were conducted for MSME units to support them in the manufacture of other products to ban the use of plastic products in collaboration with the CPCB/SPCBs/PCCs in collaboration with the Department of Small Micro and Medium Enterprises and Central Institute of Petrochemicals Engineering (CIPET) and their centers in the States.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie said this after the opening of two motorable roads in Laitlum, Mawtawar, which is also the entrance to the Presbyterian Church. in this place.
Despite the lack of venues for the Meghalaya Games 2020, the Meghalaya Wushu Association under the leadership of its president D. Rani has been able to attract young and old. to take part in this competition.
It was seen that all the MDCs from the opposition and the ruling party stood one after another to congratulate and congratulate the election of Bah Gabriel as Deputy Chairman without any opponent. I saw that Mr. Ardent and Mr. Adelbert did not stand up to speak a word.
The truck was carrying rubber from Agartala with the intention of smuggling it to Uttarakhand. The truck suddenly caught fire and caused serious damage.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Sengbhalang has announced a three-day night curfew from 1st to 4th March, 2013, except on the 2nd which is a public holiday. .
The village authorities are the sons of the land and therefore if the government authorities do not have the documents to prove that they have bought any land, the village has the right to take away the land. according to the rules of custom and tradition of the old men from the kings and raids.
The President of the Association, Samla Ashening Don Nongbri, said that in the past years, these seven Rangbah Shnongs have met with the Engineer PWD and the Association has sent a letter to the Minister in charge of the PWD. PWD Road department.
The relocation of the Assam Rifles was one of the issues of the MNF in the Legislative Assembly elections held in November
However, it is not easy to do good works in a short period of time because in the past years there has been a behavior by the leaders who have been in government which has misled the path as planned until the time of struggle for a full Hill State.
Among the indigenous people of Meghalaya there are Christians and those of the traditional religion.
The HSPDP will not rise or fall, but will win one by one.
Last month, a missile fired by Hamas militants reportedly hit a densely populated area of ​​Tel Aviv.
Looking forward to establishing equal relations with the most powerful nuclear weapons producer in the Middle East, Seoul has also sent its proposal to Pyongyang to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in 2021, before Brisbane is selected as the co-host for the 2032 Games. the country that won the rights to host the tournament that year.
“Yes, I understand Mother.
The Government of Meghalaya is a coalition government, so does the approval of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya also have the approval of other political parties that support him?
The AIFF has announced that the team will be coached by Ignor Stimac, which has recruited mostly players under the age of 23 and has also allowed to recruit three more players. Rangbah is the senior player.
If in hell forever with the demons, Satan and the wicked will be tormented forever.
Mominin's decision to join the TMC comes after the NPP recently welcomed former Congress MLA Abu Taher Mondal and announced him as the NPP candidate from Phulbari Constituency. in the upcoming 2023 elections.
Three persons, including a woman, have died after allegedly eating a tit harvested from a forest area in Umsawli, New Shillong Township.
VPP right move.
I will not grieve anyone; I'll admit it's just a feeling.
Therefore, I call upon all the youth of the country and the citizens who have the knowledge of man and God to stand up against this terrible and corrupt behavior of our leaders by expressing your concern for them. not if you think of your children and their future.
“If the police are able to arrest even a little drugs, I don't understand why they couldn't arrest the 16 wheeler trucks carrying 30 tonnes which were passing on the road yesterday.
The two arrested were identified as Jimmy Sutnga and Sdangki Myrphet.
Shillong, Lber 19 : The NPP candidate and Minister of State for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, has slammed the MLAs who continue to hold positions.
As a result of the hard work of the state government, the Jal Jeevan Mission has been successful in alleviating the problem of water shortage in the state.
In another development, the Chief Minister has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Manmohan Singh, in which he expressed his gratitude to the Chief Minister for the implementation of the highway. to travel from West Bengal to Nongstoin in Meghalaya on 127NH, which will pass through Dhubri of Assam.
At this meeting, Dr Robert Marak, District Surveillance Officer, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, explained that the village should not be afraid of the spread of the disease as the Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital has already been established. all precautionary measures before the treatment of this patient.
The driver, who is drunk, will now have to pay T.2,000 to T.10,000 and will be fined T.10,000 if the drivers do not allow ambulances or fire brigade vehicles.
Speaking as the chief guest, Rishot Lyngkhoi urged the youth especially the athletes to avoid bad habits such as alcoholic beverages but to think and to be thoughtful in things like athletes.
Because it has been cleaned, rolled and rolled, it is like putting together a fish and a mouse.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinThere is a beautiful house covered with gold.
Dr HH Mohrmen in his speech expressed his gratitude to the Border Area Development Department through Rymbui who is the Minister in charge of this department for opening the door for the youth of this area to stand up. on their own feet and do their own thing.
At the meeting, the DMHO said that due to the shortage of doctors and there are doctors who have to complete their training, the government is facing difficulties in sending doctors to the PHCs. “It has promised to send doctors once a day, on Mawlasnai Market Day, to assist the people temporarily until a full-time doctor is available,” she said.
A doctor in Cyprus said he had discovered these two types of diseases in our country together and named them detlacron.
Techi Doria tied for 31 and Neelam Obi for 26 runs for Arunachal.
Another issue that the government has accepted is to convert all the Assam Scheduled Forms into Meghalaya Scheduled Forms.
Besides, another case has been registered against him under the POCSO Act.
In the 31st and 34th minutes, Mookynphad turned the tide through Wailad Shylla and Haphilabet Ryngkhlem.
Assam will suspend 268.40 acres of land, including 193.85 acres at Thakurani in Boroibari (Kurigram) in Dhubri and 74.54 acres at Pallathal (Moulvibazar) in Karimganj. areas that have not yet entered Bangladesh.
R.E.Laloo, President Elect 2024-25, Rtn.
Now it is the turn of the residents to protect and preserve the environment, said Bah Shallam.
Months passed and the class went swimmingly.
Embhah said that the reason why the leaders are upset is because it was Bah Embhah who proposed to Bah PT Sawkmie to contest from the UDP, but as time went by, new office bearers started. They don't want the MDC ticket to go to the former MLA.
It is easy to read the turnaround of the UDP and other indigenous parties by running to the NPP and BJP. It takes courage, self-confidence, and wisdom to be in the opposition.
It is true that the system of government in England has changed for hundreds of years from monarchy to democracy, but the change is based on the tradition of the existence and support of monarchs.
They got into the taxi and the taxi left.
The deadline for submission of application forms is the 20th of this month.
Furthermore, those who are affected by the increase in temperature can also seek assistance from the District Emergency Operations Centre, DC office, BDO office and should follow these advices to avoid being affected. affect in this increase in the temperature of the natural energy.
“These drugs should have been tested in laboratories before getting information for sending them around,” said the official in charge. Steps have been taken in connection with this objective to ensure the effective implementation of this drug screening.
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, the Sohphoh Dorbar Shnong, West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya has banned foreigners from entering and leaving the village. People who come from affected areas.
Speaking to reporters, these elders said that no leader has ever visited the area.
“We are looking into the damaged buildings and this fiscal year, the state government has allocated 50 lakh tyngka for each district to meet these needs,” he said.
In East Jaintia Hills, training was given on the earthquake disaster in Khliehriat and Ladthalaboh.
Six issues were discussed at the meeting including Planning, Pending Bills, MIL issue and others.
This has caused serious problems to the farmers and many of them are surprised to find that in the past few months when they went to buy fertilizer from the market, the answer of the sellers is no.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MNC) on Tuesday expressed its regret to see in the newspapers that KHNAM supports the demand for ILP by the Sengbhalang in the state.
In the voice of all the Sying farmers in Ri Bhoi, these farmers said that the price of Sying has been too high, because if 10 kilos of Sying, 1 kilo, if 17 kilos, 2 kilos. and if 100 kilos have been cut to 10 kilos, this has caused a lot of trouble to the Sying farmers, because of the kilo cut.
Meghalaya will play its first match against Gujarat on Friday (3rd), Assam on 5th and Chhattisgarh on 7th November.
The Khasi and Jaintia people today celebrated the 118th Seng Kut Snem in the city by holding a march from Madan Iewrynghep in the morning to Weiking Dance Square, Jaiaw.
The Seng is saddened to see that these days the ministers are not going to talk about the border because we see that Assam is more aggressive and more powerful.
Speaking to media, Manas Bhunia, in-charge of the TMC in the state, said that the party has decided to strengthen the party from the grassroots level to the grassroots level. who sha head eh.
Kabir is a volunteer and former NPP member who contested the MDC election in 2021 as an independent candidate from Balachanda while Sheikh is the president of the Meghalaya Muslim Welfare Association. and a prominent NPP leader from Rajabala.
He said the committee has also directed the district authorities to start doing what they should do for any need of the government.
Speaking to media, Shylla said his inspection was to see the situation and to hear from the people.
" said Bah Let.
Therefore, the alumni are invited to participate, to meet again with their schoolmates, to return to the school hours, to exchange ideas besides the programmes prepared, said the statement. u Director of Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong “In order to complete all the preparations from the participation in the dinner, we request the alumni to confirm their attendance in writing and send your name, year of study and town of residence to the authorities," the statement added.
Also present on the occasion were Senior Advocate of Meghalaya High Court, Bah VGK Kynta as Chief Guest and Bah RV Dkhar, Adviser of the Union of Village Authorities as Symbud Chief Guest. The Club was led by S Pyngrope, Madanrting Rangbah Hollando Kharkongor, Lumbatngen Rangbah MS Bareh, Nongkhyriem President B. Khyriem and other office bearers. and other invitees.
Many of the people of this state who see that the BJP is struggling to come to power here because the RSS is its partner know that this is a good field for their Hindutva.
Shillong, July 8: To expand the department of education, the North Eastern Hills University, NEHU, which has provided services to all the states of the North East, has opened a department in Garo Hills in Tura. Shillong, which is its headquarters.
SilbiPassah, Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, Dr. Bakhiamon Rynjah, Dr. Moushumi Dey, Dr. Omarlin Kyndiah, Babu PS Lyngdoh, Banlam K Lyngdoh and Ehsing Khiewtam were the writers who attended the event.
Sinha is also a former IAS of India and former Union Finance Minister during the Atal Behari Vajpayee government and the Janata Dal government of Chandea Shekhar.
The announcement came after the Minister of C&RD and MLA of the area, Bah Hamlet Dohling, requested the Minister to extend the JJM scheme to Umlyngka, Nongkseh and Lawsohtun. They didn't get it because they were in the Census Town.
The inclusion in the fifth Khyrnit, as explained from time to time, has brought many benefits, in which the youth of the state can write examinations in Khasi.
Niakha also followed him home.
The JHADC is currently in dire straits as it does not have enough money to pay the salaries of its employees.
We have nothing to regret and we have nothing to stop them either.
As citizens, let us give our right hand and left hand to our farmers so that they can give the best in agriculture and the best will turn to them.
Shillong: According to a statement issued by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), on Tuesday, 2nd June 2023, Khasi residents of Khedagor village, Manipur, were attacked.
Firstbornson Dkhar of Lion Sports Youth Affairs was named Man of the Match today.
Agnes demanded that the police should immediately arrest Bunsing Rymbai and charge him under the POCSO Act and ensure that there will be no intimidation against these two persons. from their families, especially in the home where they live.
Total:- 100 KgTable – IIFood according to breastfeedingUp to 2 liters of milk – 1 Kg per table – IFrom 2-4 “” – 2 “From 4-6 “” – 3” “From 6- 8 “ “ – 4 “ “From 8-10 “ “ – 5 “ “From 10-12 “ “ – 6 “ “From 12-14 “ “ – 7 “ “From 14-16 “ “ – 8 “ “From 16- 18 “ “ – 9 “ “From 18-20 “ “ – 10 “ “In order to understand agriculture well, we need to understand some of the parts of the plant and their functions.
Dinesh Madan, a resident of Gurugram, said he had talked to the police to collect the documents as he lives in Delhi and his house is nearby. that he was being detained, but the police never listened.
One of them suggested, “Mr. Jones, go home, don't waste time teaching these people, maybe it won't make a difference if you try to teach them. we are shrieh on the tree"
In a short meeting, Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar in his speech, praised the management of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat for their efforts in providing services. The two buses have been released inside the classrooms but now they have gone outside the classrooms to provide services to the students of Mawkyrwat area. blessing and to get the students into the college on time.
He also explained that even the salaries of many teachers are still pending to be paid by bringing in those Hindi teachers.
Ksan and Bhalang helped their father to the mountains while Syrpai helped at home with her mother.
Nongstoin, July 17: A heavy gunfire broke out between Shallang PS and ANLA troops in a forest near Nongaldro village at 5:45 am this morning.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) together with the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (KYF) Southern Riwar Circle, today at 8 pm, visited Tamabil Check Point. War Jaintia Hills District to strongly oppose the Government's preparation to open this market, due to the rapid spread of COVID 19 and the possibility of entering War Jaintia Hills.
SBYWA has distributed rice, dai and food items to 27 households in Bataw village, East Jaintia Hills District.
In Jowai, these children received training from Amity Tongper and Milan Lynrah at the Advance Grassroot Center of the DSO.
Because Jezebel was careful.
On the other hand, Fr.John Madur said that there will be only the Unit Test and the final examination as part of the promotion of the students this year.
Also present was UDP candidate Nehru Suting who asked for cooperation for the 2018 elections.
As a family we have nothing in return, but gratitude.
“The BJP and Modi said to bring this Bill and they have done it.
One of the BJP MLAs, even after being sacked, has repeatedly spread rumors that he will not cooperate with Conrad.
The ceremony was conducted by Richard Mawkhiew Vice President of KSU Nongthymmai Circle. Speeches were delivered by former President of KSU Nongthymmai Circle Fred Kharmawphlang and Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities. Nevi Rapthap, the leader of the KWAADA.
You can go to your Block Office or CHC/PHC near you to link your MHIS and Aadhaar Card,” said the DC. Shillong, Shillong: A patient identified as Federick Shangpliang, 23, of Polo Market, Nongmensong Taxi Stand, Shillong, has been admitted to the hospital on July , 2023.
The DC lodged the complaint after the Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) sought clarification from the DC on the operation of illegal coke factories in the district.
He was wearing a dhoti, striped shirt and slippers.
KSU East Jaintia Hills Vice President Satly Ryngkhlem, Assistant General Secretary Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem Dkhar and others led the donation to the family.
The match between these two teams was very friendly and they played in a beautiful tone which impressed the spectators.
Hek said the BJP MDCs have worked closely with the Executive Committee in JHADC and GHADC, but the CEM has not included any BJP MDC in the EC. Hek said he has already spoken to the Chief Minister and CEM of JHADC on this issue to nominate one of the BJP MDCs but they have agreed, but so far they have not yet. Shillong: From the 1st of March, the bells will be heard again in the churches of the Presbyterian Church in Khasi Jaintia.
According to the district police chief, the GNLA cadre is a member of a group of Jimmy, Kongsil and Megam. Goreng, Wahthre, Riangdim, Ryndi, Khalu and Nengchigen areas of West Khasi Hills District.
Rejoice Gassah 123, Lamare 44.
Shillong, July 12: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday promised to take action on the demands of the Association of Village Authorities. , who also congratulated him for completing 100 days of Cabinet under his tenure.
On the other hand, East Bengal FC have won the title 17 times.
At the meeting, Dr.P Phyllei, Nodal Officer, National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP) explained in detail about the harmful effects of tobacco use.
The sources said that about 15-29 Pakistani troops accompanied by Pakistani troops turned into Indian territory after turning against the LOC at about 1:00 pm.
After the victory, Rune could face Casper Ruud or Argentine Francisco Cerundolo in the semifinals of the tournament.
For a while he was at Cotton College but he received a letter of appointment to teach at Morally Shine College in Sylhet.
Some of those who were trained by him have achieved top ranks in the All India Trade Test examination.
He said other states like UP, Bihar, Delhi, Gujarat and even the states in the region have passed well but the youth from the state have not appeared.
These villages are Mawpun Lumsohkynphor and Polo Hill which fall under the Pynthorumkhrah-Golflink Dorbar Shnong.
The day was filled with drama performances and songs by the women of the participating villages including Mynsain, Pynthor, Mawlyndep and Umktieh Pyllun.
According to the investigation, the police suspect that the woman committed suicide and later the body of the woman was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for post mortem. postmortem.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The death toll includes 2 soldiers in East Khasi Hills, 11 BSF personnel and 7 civilians in East Khasi Hills.
Hek said this is an opportunity for the youth of the state to take the opportunity to take up fishing as a source of income and not to rely solely on government jobs.
“There were also some who called because they wanted to meet on other days and I said they can come and meet but they have to take permission, but today they can just come in like that, " she added.
Bah Hoping, who is also the Basan of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait, is also the Tymmen Basan of the Mawkyllei Presbyterian Church.
Police said that these two persons used to be involved in extortion of money from the public, government employees, karikor and others.
Shillong: Banker Kharkongor, one of the prominent singers of Meghalaya, on the 21st of this month released a video song titled “Sohtrun”.
The Ri Bhoi Police have seized the drugs after receiving a tip that there were drug traffickers who were trying to smuggle the drugs. Police have seized a tourist vehicle number ML05 Q-0253 and during the search, police have recovered 8 bags of heroin.
Daniel Khongsit, Rangbah Shnong of Bakur, said that the incident happened at Khliehsnong Bakur, which is near the main road to Jowai.
Furthermore, in the doubles category, MR Arjun & Dhruv Kapila, although they played well in the beginning and improved their journey in the tournament by winning 21-1 -15 victory over France Lucas Corvee and Ronan Labar in the first round.
The owners of the farms had to hide themselves just to escape because these thieves had enough weapons.
In Khasi Hills, the counting of votes will be held at Polo Ground, while in Jaintia Hills, the counting of votes will be held at the DC's office in Khliehriat and Jaintia College.
Time passed, the sky became dark, but Hep did not come home.
“Ka seng supports the Syiem and the Ministers of Mylliem Hima who have gone to inspect and knieh syndon the land because it has been found that it is not the right of those Presidents or Secretaries to exercise authority over the land. but it belongs to the Hima,” added Irene.
Meanwhile, the Principal Secretary in charge of the Governor's Secretariat, MS Rao, read out the message from the Governor who was not present at the meeting.
“I don’t know why people are so cut off.
“One Nation, One Election,” he said, “is good and will benefit.
Furthermore, a public awareness session on fish farming and other aquatic species was held by the Executive Assistants of the National Fisheries Development Board (NFDB).
Dulu Govt Hr SS has no Principal since 2016 and Vice Principal since 2016. Out of the 26 teachers, 18 are full time teachers while 8 are contract teachers. Naitung this year.
“Before I take a decision, I would like to get clarification on these issues especially in relation to Sohra District which is a long standing project and which the people have been waiting for for a long time especially. after receiving the promise from the government leaders on the occasion of the death of Shella MLA (L) Dr Donkupar Roy.
New Delhi: Following the Nuh riots in Haryana on 31st November 2023, it was announced that there will be no mass rally in Palwal, which has been approved by the police. to prepare for the march of Brij Mandal Jalabhishek, leader of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, which has been suspended from the protests on 31st November
Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that he is happy to be able to help this school, because it is also a school, which has taught him in the past, therefore he promised to continue to work together. and the management of the school, so that the school can provide a better service to the students in the area as a whole.
In another match, Rangad SC beat Shilliang Umshong SC 1-0 through Wingki Dkhar in the 31st minute.
However, humans have violated God's purpose.
The office will open on the 3rd and the newspaper will be published daily from the 4th.
In my view, the foundation of democracy comes first from the Bible, nothing else.
JAC President Paila Kordor Lyngkot said the government should ensure that the Judicial Inquiry is completed in a timely and transparent manner without discrimination.
Nongpoh, June 13: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today alleged that the doctors of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh have not taken action to treat a 20-year-old youth. Umkra village after he was admitted for treatment.
He said that the people of Mawhati wanted Bah Ardent to come and hold a meeting in the area and they understood that if Nongkrem still falls in love with him, they will come first in trouble.
“He wants to become CEM in GHADC but the MDCs don't want to elect him. Now he wants to become prime minister in the government, but the law doesn't allow him to do that,” he said. state.
Khan, who is a government minister and MPCC vice president, has left the Congress for nearly two years now and joined the UDP after careful consideration.
Most of the attacks in Iran have been claimed by the Islamic State (IS), since the 2017 bombing and others.
She said that if they find that these families are doing anything against the laws of the village or the community, they should come and talk or call before the dorbar to resolve.
Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit was the chief guest along with other invited guests including I. Warbah Shnong, President Club F. Kharsahnoh, President Club, Chairman Nongkrem Dorbar Pyllun, Bah K Bishar R Warkhyllew Secretary Club and Member Shillong Sports Association and others.
In the video, the foreigner claimed to be from the constituency of Bah Sanbor Shullai and said that Bah Sanbor Shullai is an MLA. He said that Bah Sanbor Shullai is a Chinese terrorist because he said that he will kill the Assam police who come to infiltrate the border areas of Mizoram. .
“I don't know what the government has done to these people in these decades,” Mishra said.
The Superintendent of Police said that it has been confirmed that there has been no rescue of the GNLA and these three people have done this just to intimidate the people and demand money from the traders and others. others.
The Minister said that the Chief Minister has also decided that the state government will allocate T.100 crore for the improvement of 200 government schools across the state. Next year, 375 schools will be allocated for the improvement of school buildings.
Chasing the target, Power Grid managed to tied for 111 runs in 16.3 overs for the loss of eight wickets.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, said that the reason for the destruction of the country and the nation is because of the greed of some leaders, who themselves do not want to do and and others shall bear their iniquity.
As soon as the leaf is harvested, it contains a lot of water: about 75 percent of the whole leaf is water.
The party said that the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, has signed a memorandum of understanding with the ANVC, ANVC (B), UALA and this shows that Mukul Sangma has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Garo armed groups. , said that the late Ajaju Marak's statement shows that Mukul Sangma has links with the political parties in Garo Hills. Purno Sangma, said that he is the head of all the political parties in Garo Hills, said the statement. They went on a bomb blast and said that the gun is a weapon, old and new, that they went on a bomb blast.
Speaking to media, the President of the RBYO, Bah Baiateilang Lapang said, “We express our concern over the shortcomings of the Dorbar Shnongs and in the recent meeting with the Chief Executive Members of KHADC, we have discussed that the Dorbar Shnongs should be empowered and not only the Rangbah Shnong alone because the Dorbar Shnongs need to pass special laws.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Pariat said that he has decided to contest again for the MLA election 2023 from Jowai Constituency from the UDP and has also sent a letter to apply for the UDP ticket. Moonlight Pariat has been nominated as the UDP candidate from Jowai Constituency.
Every day there are discussions related to religion, culture and now it is planned to change the name of India to Bharat, because the majority of the population of this country are Hindus. They are proud to call this country Bharat.
He said the meeting is scheduled to be held on Friday at 3 pm at Shillong Club.
To be the ruler of the creation of Mei Ramew.
He said that in 1994, Assam had set up a battalion at Sabuda and when the wind blew to resolve the border, Assam set up another outpost at Sabuda. Umru in the year
As soon as she finished school, she got married and started having children one after another.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert, has called for action against the authors of articles written against him in an English newspaper. .
However, sources said that although there will be approval to elect Bah Ardent, there will be a review within a year or two of his activities to see whether this is his leadership of the HSPDP. He said that they want any issue that the party will take to be thoroughly discussed within the party.
Pastor Basaiawmoit said that he is sorry that their demand is still pending while the case is pending, with many opposed to the implementation of the Aadhar number.
Smiling can also increase the metabolism of the body which can burn calories from the body leading to weight loss.
Some companies have started increasing the price of sunflower and soyabeen by between T.5 and T.15 per litre and now they are increasing the price of mustard oil and other edible oils.
During the investigation, they also found a door which they were able to open and seized a large quantity of explosives and other weapons.
· Data Empowerment and Protection ArchitectureThe DEPA of India empowers people to access their own data and allows them to share this information with others.
The most amazing and encouraging activity is to do charity work for the poor by donating rice once a month. to the poor and low-income households.
He said that yesterday when officials from the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District, who wanted to inspect the garbage inside the company, in the presence of the The Waheh Shnong and the Magistrate from the DC's office tried to phone the company's officials. They said that the security guards of the company did not open the gate. However, no one answered the phone, so they had to leave without being able to enter the company.
Scientists have found that pyrjong lizards are very good at draining blood from a small body and can drive accurately from a distance of up to 350 feet, once they hear this kind of smell.
The Leh Niam was also completed to pray to the 'Lei Iew Lei Dwar' to follow the righteousness, so that the stand of San Kur and Khdwei Kur, the children of the Rad of the Hima, will be healthy and prosperous. to provide for the sale and purchase, the trade and inheritance, the wheat, the barley, the clothes, and the mountains.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Thadlaskein Area Unit led by President Samla Phaitki Suna and General Secretary Bah Firstly Sari together with members visited the road from Ladmukhla to Nongbah Kyndong Tuber after receiving a complaint from the residents. deterioration and left unmaintained for many years.
Urging the police department to be vigilant, he said that if they have taken the initiative to search the Khasi community from home, the police should search for these writings or pictures that have been spread.
According to a report received on July 16 at about 3:45 pm, the 17-year-old was seen arriving at Lily's residence on a motorcycle. Greeley, a city near Denver.
The company has started to employ AI in communication, along with the work of experts with more than 20 years of experience, which has paved the way for identifying and selling world-class products.
KBCC leaders including KBCC Working President Piwel Shylla and Deibor Syad strongly condemned the law enforcement agencies for not being able to curb crime in the district.
“Do that, my son, don't be afraid of Kni and Nia,” said the father.
Many different groups are ready to hold various protests against the government's lack of action.
The report said that the two major tournaments have reached an agreement to merge into one tournament after they signed a memorandum of understanding worth tens of millions of dollars. dollars which has also been approved and confirmed before being released to the public.
Many young people don't care about the elderly and even if they need help, they don't have time to help them.
Pastors of the KJP Synod were also present on the occasion.
He said that his mother is Tibetan while his father is Khasi.
The vehicle will be operated by the Goanang Multi-Purpose Society, Tura.
The Army has announced that it regrets the incident of such incidents but it has to ensure the safety of the people at such times.
According to the employees of the Board, they have always received sad news, because every time they meet with the government officials, the answer is that they will look into their problem but until today, has not yet been fulfilled and remains in unknown anxiety.
It has also tried to invite foreign companies to take over the management, but has not succeeded and on this basis the government will have to take a decision to close down completely.
MEPA said that the contribution of Bah Nongsiej who is the current Executive Editor of Kynjatshai newspaper will be announced to all.
However, in those fields which have been harvested, even half of the harvest last year cannot be harvested.
There are also those who have been elected uncontested in the State Legislative Assembly or the Central Government.
In the years 2121, 2222,
Referring to the laws to protect the rights of the state, he recalled that Article 371 is the most important law that the leaders elected by the people to go to the Legislative Assembly of the state, They demanded that the Government of India should introduce it in Meghalaya.
“He added that the party’s foundation is different from other political parties and therefore the party cannot work with other parties.
How many people wonder where the source of evil comes from and why there is so much evil these days? The tymmenki San only because of the wealth of the world and that they have driven away that 'Rongphong Pyrthei' and they don't have time to ask or think about the causes of the beginning of evil.
The title came after winning the Best Team title in the boys and girls category out of 26 schools that came to participate this year.
Meanwhile, Bah D.Kharsati, one of the truck drivers who used to transport coal from Maweit to Thahkanar, said that in the past years, no one has taken advantage of the gate. The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Maweit Area has forced the truck drivers to spend more than what is allocated on the road such as food and other items.
Does such a government which stingy and ignore the desire of the people for peace and order have the right to continue the government as they have already won to rule again after the 2023 election? ,These are the issues that the people need to know so that they can ask what is right and what is wrong. which will be released before the 2023 electin.
At the time of writing, no count has been received of how many vehicles have been stolen and no information has been received whether the District authorities have enforced Section 144 CrPC to arrest them. this is confusing.
The scheme is fully funded by the Government of India through the budget.
“We the leaders of the 26 political parties express our readiness to protect the ideology of India as enshrined in the Constitution of the country.
Currently, nearly 5000 people have reported that they are involved or have gone to Bethany Hospital for treatment or need work or have been in close contact with those who have gone to Bethany Hospital (primary and secondary contact).
" don't say.
The parents of the child did not know anything about the incident until someone told them.
NII increased by 23.42% year-on-year to T6044 crore in FY 2022 from T.4,897 crore in FY
The tournament will end on Saturday.
He suggested to the EC to encourage the people to register their land with the Council and the Council should also talk to various banks to recognize the land titles issued by the Council. the District Council for the benefit of the people.
During the inspection on 25th June, the Seng also learned that there are many illegal activities in this area, such as drug trafficking and it is also a hiding place for refugees who come from other countries, and on the other hand, the Seng is deeply surprised that the relevant authorities have not taken action against such illegal settlers who have happened in the middle of the State capital.
“It is time for the people of Sutnga Saipung to elect a longkmie as their MP”.
Teilinia Thangkhiew, MDC from Mylliem constituency, said in the House that when the EC cannot answer, the EMs say they will send notices, but until the next session. None of them have received the notice and this has prompted the MDCs to raise the same question.
During his visit to the square, the Sordar also brought along a puh shilum vehicle to improve and remove the soil in the middle of the square and fill the fields with soil. and this field hath been desolate for many years.
Here we understand that man was created from the dust of the ground, man was made of dust.
After the riots in Manipur, many students from Meghalaya have returned from Manipur where the State Government has assisted them in returning to their home State.
“We must stand now as young people to protect our land because it is our perfect land and we must not be afraid when foreigners come to intimidate us especially the Bangladeshis,” he said. Osternic.
West Garo Hills came second with seven medals including four gold and two silver.
The mother also received help from these Israeli residents.
The Tura High Court on Monday issued a non-bailable warrant for the arrest of BJP Meghalaya Vice President Bernard N Marak on charges of He was accused of running a prostitution camp at his farmhouse in Tura.
The Badminton Association of India (BAI) has announced the names of the 20 members of the national team for the upcoming two tournaments. ; The Dutch Junior will be held in October from 1-7 in Haarlem and the German Junior will be held from 8-12 in Berlin.
First of all, the UDP objects that the EC's action is a hasty action without the participation of the people which is against democracy.
Regarding the Covid-19 pandemic, Hek said that the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state has decreased, but the people should not be afraid, but should think carefully about themselves. which does not comply with the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The three outbreaks of the disease in India have raised a big question mark on how to protect ourselves.
The Government of Manipur on Tuesday announced to provide special assistance to the families of those residents of the state who lost their lives after the disaster. Heavy clashes and bloodshed have occurred in Manipur since 3rd June.
According to the statement, the Chief Electoral Officer said that the law does not allow anyone to do such a thing and said that according to Section 123(3) of the Representation of the People Act votes) in the name of churches falls under corrupt practices.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister said that the Cabinet has approved to purchase land for the construction of buildings to promote tourism in Nongdiengngan. in Nongmahir Lake, Ri Bhoi District.
The team was welcomed at Wah Gate near Challam Syngkon Petrol Pump. The team happily took part in the race with their trophies and passed through Iawmusiang-Moosalangkat, Ladthadlaboh and finished. at the Kiang Stadium in Jowai.
Various speakers on this occasion urged these students to work hard in their studies and congratulated the KSU for organizing this program to encourage the students to improve. in their education so that they may become local and national and national instruments.
The JHADC leader said that this is a ploy by the state government to violate the right of the District Councils to pass laws for the Dolloi and Rangbah Shnong.
However, in the following months, the desire to protect the Hynniewtrep people has revived and therefore the Chairman has re-established the NLCN at the beginning of 2023 by recruiting members through social media.
She also thanked the Jowai Police Station, Ummulong Police Station and Khliehriat Police Station for their hard work and efforts to find her brother. The Waheh Shnong of Larnai, the KSU East Jaintia Hills and KSU West Jaintia Hills, as well as the Jowai Shillong Guwahati Tourist Cab Association for their assistance and helped to transport the body to the funeral home. home.
“The investigation into the incident will continue,” he said.
He recalled that the KSU was first established in New Delhi in 2014 because of the presence of young people who have responsibility for the country and the nation and who want others to rise and fall. Therefore, I would like to express my gratitude to the needs of our brothers and sisters and those who are suffering in Delhi.
“The museum has shown us the diverse cultures of the North East,” wrote Dr Kalam in the visitor book.
“We will first listen to the reasons why the NPP has brought the no confidence motion,” he said, adding that the party has also decided to leave it to the MDCs to decide. on this matter.
Im tang ngi, dead ma phi.
Nongpoh: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) leaders and members of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) together with the people to hold placards and flags at the MeCCL Umiam office yesterday failed. They were arrested by the Magistrates and police of Umiam Police Station.
The match between Shillong Lajong and Churchill Brothers will be played at 7 pm.
The leaders of the group, including Bah Binestar Kylla, Secretary, and Bah Breggie Sun, Organizing Secretary, said that the purpose of the competition is to promote the talents of the group. of the youth, then to raise funds for the village and also the Sports Club.
However, he said that KHNAM will contest in all six constituencies.
Two wheelers especially scooties have started operating from public places like Motphran, Khyndai Lad, Malki Point, and other places to transport passengers who urgently need to reach their destination especially for they are not able to stand.
The Tamil Nadu player is Deenadayalan Vishwa.
Shillong: The All India Football Association (AIFF) has approved the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) to conduct the AFC B Diploma Course and Futsal Level 1 Course in Shillong, Meghalaya in
They also said that those who signed the letter want to say that the letter is not from them and it was done by someone who took advantage because it was used without any basis by signing the names of Bah. Dossie Thongni and Bah Johnny Thyrniang are the perpetrators.
Even the dead become positive after being buried for many days.
“We are concerned about the tham because we know that human life is precious.
The money collected from the taxes has been misused and the people are mere spectators of these corruption.
Himanta Biswa Sarma will accompany Bah Himalaya in the registration tomorrow.
It is very fortunate that Meghalaya has also had the opportunity to host this Games which is a great honour.
It is for this reason that Jesus said, “You will not have finished the cities of Israel until the Son of Man comes” (Matthew 10:23).
At the same time, she urged the students to learn how to manage water during the rainy season.
“The Prime Minister will have a heavy responsibility to lead the government for the State although we are saddened after the passing away of our father (PA Sangma),” she said.
These three issues are the most pressing and difficult issues that the MDA-2 government is facing to resolve and reconcile the people of the State.
These young people were honored with momentos and money.
Offices, shops, schools and other public places were therefore closed to people.
In the last MP election 2014, Bah Pala defeated Rev. PBM Basaiawmoit alone of the HSPDP by 40,3
Therefore, the Mawryngkneng Cultural & Sports Club invites all football fans from all over the country to come and witness the semi final of the 9th Mawryngkneng Invitation Football Tournament.
The Naga People's Front (NPF) also supported the curfew.
We strongly request the Government to take action against this as this happens from time to time, because within a month we found that two vehicles and drivers from Jaintia Hills have disappeared like this and we found The vehicles were passing through the Lumshnong Toll Gate.
The District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2023 will be held from the 27th July at Bhoirymbong.
Shillong, October 22: U Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr RC Laloo, on Tuesday said that it is right for him to acknowledge that the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) is the best in the country. the worst.
They have defamed and degraded the status and reputation of the ethnic parties in our state Meghalaya.
Regarding the road, colored roads have been constructed in different parts of the village for the convenience of those who come to witness the service besides drinking water.
“In all the activities of the District authorities in all the activities related to the fight against Covid-19 but from today we will not work together until the Independence Day,” he said. Taken.
"Our country is a country blessed by God with mountains, rivers, creeks, good crops and many other good things that God has given us," he said. “Soh Ñiamtra from Riwar has reached the Middle East and we in this 21st century why can't we if we have the spirit of cooperation, the spirit of hard work and especially support from the Government.
The Bakur Village Authority, West Jaintia Hills today came forward to clarify the allegations made by some residents regarding the delay in the election of the Waheh Shnong.
According to him, many of the teachers and staff who have served for many years have been treated as day laborers in the state.
Furthermore, the Rangbah Shnong said that the village has its own rules and decisions of the people of the village and that is that if any development works come to the village, the When it comes to roads, water supply and electricity, the people should not oppose and should donate the land, so that it will be for the benefit of the people of the village and especially for the future generations.
Other leaders include Reuben Najiar – Assistant General Secretary, Raymond Kharjana – Organizing Secretary, Pynkmenlang Sanmiet – Education Secretary, Pynshaiborlang Rani – Information & Publicity Secretary, Spaindorsing Lyngkhoi – Office Secretary, Erick A Nongkynrih – Sports Secretary & Culture Shiningstr Kharbihkhiew as Environment Secretary.
It was not until 109 years later that the children of thousands of his Hima erected a monument at Mairang in 1952, which was inaugurated by the Governor of Assam, Jairamdas Daulatram. 29 October 1954.
They also said that the Union of SSS Byrnihat Area, they also want to know from the Hima Mylliem how many Garo villages have returned their seals and letter heads to the Hima Mylliem and why they do not respect the order of the Hima Mylliem. The Hima Mylliem, although they know clearly that they do not have the right to be Rangbah Shnong according to these rules.
He said that next year, the SSA will start the 4th Division tournament and the games will increase and if there is not enough ground, it will be difficult to manage in a better manner.
Speaking on behalf of the Converner, State Youth Wing, Eric Swer said, “We have already held a meeting with our Advisor, Bah Thomas Passah, who is also the Working President of the Kmie. to all such workplaces to ensure the following issues” and these include to employ Khasi youth, to ensure that vacancies must be notified in the Khasi newspapers, to ensure that 80 percent of jobs will be filled. To ensure that the Khasi workers in these areas are not transferred to remote areas and in Shillong, foreigners will be brought in to ensure that the Harassment of Women at The Workplace Act 2010 will come into force for the safety of women, to ensure that these offices will have to pay professional tax according to the law.
The meeting was conducted by the Headmaster of the school, TBn EW Mawlong.
Dozens of customers have reportedly received this letter in the past few months.
He said that after they submitted a letter signed and approved by the villagers and the authorities that they do not want to go to Assam but to stay in Meghalaya, the Minister said that Rangbah accepted.
Family: Ronaldo has four children, including Cristiano Ronaldo Jr.
This is the word of the Lord Jesus when He was on earth when the Pharisees said to Him, “Teacher, rebuke thy disciples, that they may be silent.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The NEHU Inter College Football Men's Tournament, organized by the NEHU Sports Department, on Tuesday concluded the semi final between the four teams. St. Anthony's College and Shillong College won the final to qualify for the final.
If the government and MeECL do not believe in this request of the Seng and something unfortunate happens, they will have to take responsibility.
It is also alleged that the Lyngdoh has caused strong opposition from the Shylla Kur in which the Lyngdoh has issued Lyngdoh Raid certificates to two members of the Shylla Kur, but later he has removed them saying that they have lost their jait. remove the Raid Priesthood.
Narpuh Constituency as a whole is one of the constituencies which has been neglected and lagging behind in many areas, especially the farmers.
They don't have the right to criticize the party that gave them MLA tickets in the past years.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) should have created a system to conduct elections free of money laundering,” he said.
“We cannot see change if we cannot forgive the past,” said the statement.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that they will not allow and stand against such illegal activities.
In terms of land, Khanduli will be considered according to the map and as shown on the map, Khanduli still falls under their district.
On the same day, the Congress party has announced the ticket for Rona Khymdeit as the Congress candidate from Nongpoh Constituency to contest against Mayral Born Syiem.
Speaking on the occasion, Johi Kongwang, Vice President of the Bangladesh Indigenous People's Forum, said that there are 75 Khasi villages in Bangladesh. you are in Bangladesh.
He said that the cultivation of syntiew is one of the ways to provide employment to the people to earn a living, so he urged the villagers to turn to this industry.
The winners are
Octomewot Lamin, Chairman of Resource and Mobilise, JHADC, in his speech, said that he is pleased to take part in such a day as the Scouts-Guides Movement is one of the founders of the Scouts-Guides Movement. He was a schoolboy and proclaimed the good teachings he had received from the Movement which were indeed a blessing and benefit.
The Remistar said that Jhanika Siangshai had already resigned from the Congress party on August 23, 2022 and joined the NPP on September 11, 2022. District Women President NPP).
They also demanded an independent inquiry into the incident of landslide in Rngaiñ which claimed the lives of two people.
Nongstoiñ, March 5: The people of Meghalaya still have to rely on foreign states to supply fish for their daily needs.
" Stating that the Covid pandemic came like a hurricane, he said, “...how did it go, how did it disappear, it disappear like a clam breeze why, because all the Covid warriors right from the political leadership upto the last level they fought including the shnongs, they fought so well and that point of time before the end of the Corona in the state, we have said we have to learn to live with this disease.
The project will be funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB) at a cost of T.30 to T.40 crore.
On the other hand, Bah Vivek Syiem said that the seizure of these speakers was after a complaint from the public which has caused the children and the elderly to be destroyed.
He congratulated the three states that came first and especially Meghalaya for playing well especially the Athletics Team which won the title.
I told Mukul to return to the Congress or stay with the TMC, we will work together, but he himself has tried to tell our people to join the BJP.” “Mukul and his team will soon join the BJP. They have tried to attract many of our employees.
The Chief Guest on this occasion told those present.
Recently, several people have been beaten up and seriously injured by BSF personnel and vehicles have been severely damaged.
BJP President Khlur Lyngdoh, who attended the protest, said that if the government does not listen to the farmers, once again they will collect more than they can afford. come now that they may be strong.
The two-day training, led by Ms.Aanchal Chauhan, Senior Executive Trainer, focused on the use of the ECHO Model and taught the participants how to work.
Law & order Rs 42.20 crore, Judiciary Rs 60 crore, District Council Affairs Rs 1.05 crore, Agriculture Rs 287.94 crore, Animals husbandry & veterinary Rs 57.38 crore, Fisheries Rs 45.50 crore, Sericulture & Weaving Rs 3 crore , Waters Resources T.199.20 crore, Forest & environment T.48.01 crore, Soil & Water conservation T.193.87 crore, Community Development T.1731.57 crore, Housing T.60 crore.
Besides the food items, the union also urged the company to conduct education to the public on the Corona Virus according to the government's guidelines.
The chief guest on the occasion was the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Kong AP Syiem, District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District. Khroobok Passah, Jowai District Dolloi, Puramon Kynjing and others.
From the very beginning, the Khasi Samla have struggled to create a state in which they can influence and shape the political system in the country.
As arranged, one officer will be appointed to supervise one Indira Canteen in the city.
HEIs run by the government or private entities shall operate in the same manner for regulation, accreditation and standards.
Rakkam congratulated the newly elected MPs from Shillong, Ricky Andrew J Syngkon and Saleng A Sangma from Tura.
The doctors who treated the patient were Dr Vince Chimpoo M Momin (Gynaecologist), Dr Blandina Marak (Anaesthetist), Dr Bithi Sangma (Senior Medical Officer) and Dr Azuma Shira. Cris Noel Sangma and Arnold Momin (OT Assistants).
“All the corruption cases of the Congress in the state will be collected in writing, published in newspapers and distributed to all the households in the state,” he said.
Manchester City beat Chelsea 6-0 in the Premier League with Raheem Sterling scoring in the 4th and 80th minutes, followed by Sergio Aqeuro in the 10th minute. 13th, 19th and 56th minutes followed by Ilkay Gundogan in the 25th minute.
The injured were identified as Tyngshain Khonglah (30) and Ramius Khonglah (20) from Dawki village. .
He said that although he has been in government for seven years, the reason for his entry into politics is because he wants to serve the people.
Southgate will reduce the squad to nine before announcing the final 26-man squad for the tournament in Germany.
Ampareen Lyngdoh will head the committee as the chairperson of the committee. The government has decided to expand its working area by agreeing to include the Reservation Policy and the Reservation Roster System.
The total number of cases has risen to 56,46,010 and the death toll to 90,0
The newly elected office bearers without any opposition include Secretary Brostarwell Ora, Assistant Secretary John Stelin Yuroi, Treasurer Hores Malngiang and 23 Executive Members.
Although the strength varies from one person to another, those who are strong in mind do not change but progress in their work and growth in life.
Speaking to reporters, the Inspector General of BSF in charge of Shillong Frontier said that during this visit, they will meet with the students at the capital of Ri Bhoi District. students of this district.
Shillong: The State Government today issued an Order No.POL.117t2O2OtPt.
God said to Samuel – “Do not look at his appearance and at the height of his stature; for I have rejected him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; but the LORD looketh on the heart" 1 Samuel 16:7
Perhaps the Central Institute of Fisheries Technology in Kochi (Kerala) has not yet developed the means to test formalin in fish sold to the public.
It is highly suspected that the discoloration of the water and the death of Dohkha in the Ranikor River is due to the mining of uranium in Porkut.
Yogesh Tiwari (27) and Junjun Sangma (18) scored runs for Meghalaya.
“He said that the Education Department of the Government of Assam will soon meet the needs and aspirations of teachers and staff in schools and colleges by 2020, but while the Education Department of Assam The Government of Meghalaya is still sleeping in the country of education.
The government has extended the Garo retirement for another year, but the Khasi have lost their right to retirement.
The SP warned that the passengers should drop off at Khyndai Lad and park their vehicles at the designated place and if they refuse to drop off at Khyndai Lad, the drivers of Shillong to Guwahati vehicles should lodge a complaint. to the police by providing the vehicle number plate so that the police can take the necessary action.
“When the President won, he said he would work with the Alliance, now suddenly there is a change, we have spoken to the President and we say that there is no time to back down because the agreement has already been signed,” he said. .
School fees and other expenses such as school uniforms, documents for one or more children, the amount reaches 4 to 5 thousand rupees at the beginning of school.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that six people have died of Covid-19 in the past two days.
He said the security guard was assaulted and arrested.
A total of 18 schools have arrived to take part in the tournament.
“My visit to the RO is to inform him that the Meghalaya High Court has dismissed his case on the 10th of this month,” he said.
Who pays the electricity bill ? It is MSERC. Who pays the bill to the electricity supplier ? It is MePDCL through the meter readers and I don't know what is behind the increase in the electricity bill until the consumers complain and complain? Why do large factories like those in East Jaintia Hills and Byrnihat get low electricity bills and don't pay the bills ? Ask MSERC and MePDCL, only they can answer.
These include EGH: 03 (Others), EJH: 33 (Others), EKH: 253 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –05, Others–248), NGH: 05 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–04) , RBD: 23 (Armed Force/ Paramilitary Force –01, Others–22), SGH: 03 (Others), SWGH: 10 (Others), WGH: 60 (Others), WJH: 11 (Others) and WKH: 18 ( Others).
Meghalaya, which has reached the 50th anniversary of its independence, will probably remain a backward state in many aspects if we complain only to other small states. don't be in the Northeast.
The Governor was speaking as the Chief Guest who hoisted the flag and saluted the 75th Republic Day celebrations, which was held on Thursday at Madan Polo, Shillong.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that today's meeting is only a way to discuss how to help the two states reach an understanding.
The election for the MLA and Legislative Assembly will be held on the 27th of this month on the 27th of this month. They have the right to elect a candidate of their choice by counting, analyzing and based on the principles of various political parties which have expressed their principles from local parties to foreign parties or national party.
Maintaining cholesterol levels is essential for the health of the blood vessels.
They are not the only ones who speak; but they don't have the spirit to take care of it.
The Council will fail if it doesn't have the money,” said Bah Syiem.
The Dorbar said that this behavior of them has brought shame to the village, the state and the nation as a whole.
ADC DM Wahlang, SP WJH, R Muthu and others along with TULBA leaders and farmers.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Giri Prasad, said that the body of Bah Riew Siangshai was recovered on Saturday and the postmortem has been completed. The postmortem report is still ongoing.
A recently married woman was burnt alive in Goalpara district of Assam today after she failed to pay the dowry. to the house of thy husband.
He said that as Ri-Bhoi is a fertile area and many of the residents live in agriculture, the government has allocated to open about 50 markets in the state and many of them are Ri-Bhoi District, because it is a district that deserves to receive, because of the large number of farmers, along with other needs of the farmers will be monitored, because he wants the work to speak more. jam ban the word.
Let's not go too far, but we know the name of the village or we know the race of the person, not from the current legislation or from the administration or from the law. of judgment, but these are those which have already existed and have been known since ancient times and there we shall confirm and confirm by the laws of this age.
NON-NEFSA 205 kilograms per card at the price of 13 tyngka per kilogram.
Other speakers included B.Syiemlieh, Coordinator, Nosmi Hahshah, Panel Lawyer of DLSA and Assistant Secretary Village of Nongkulang Village.
On the other hand , the students who have passed the DSC examination said that they will fight as hard as they can to complete the extension and later if the government cannot fill them all , they will take by the same means of protest as the drivers who have passed in other districts.
About 90 percent of these visitors are expected to be foreigners from India as well as foreign tourists.
The meeting was scheduled to be held on Saturday, where the group of youth organizations, invited all the village leaders as well as the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Border Area, for the purpose of discuss many issues related to the welfare of the people in the area.
Rymbai was the MLA of Jirang from 1983 to
To ignore Assam will lead to the loss of land belonging to the State and will encourage it to turn more and more to areas where there is no conflict.
Shillong Lajong will play against Riangdo at 3 pm in Group C (Mawkyrwat Zone).
“If the government cannot resolve this unemployment, the party will continue to deport foreigners who come to work in the state throughout the country because those who do not have permits will be destroyed,” he said.
The order was issued after an inspection conducted by the DC's office after receiving reports of the incident.
This issue also needs to be discussed so that those who have been affected by the NTA scandal at NEHU, will have the opportunity to write the examination.
“This action of the Assam Police is an insult to the Home Minister's visit to the area by beating up the people,” said Judis Regan Dkhar in a statement. He said why the Assam police did not come to shoot the Home Minister and in connection with this incident, the Seng urges the Meghalaya government to immediately send security forces to arrest the Home Minister. to release those arrested at Boko Police Station.
The bodies have been admitted to AIIMS Bhubaneswar since the accident.
Therefore, since Pandora opened that box of gifts, the world has been filled with evil, sickness and suffering that cannot be repaired.
The team of ICAR scientists was led by its Director, Dr.SV Ngachan.
Speaking as the chief guest, former Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary, said that PA Sangma is one of the great men who has put on the face of the North Eastern States of India. Through his services as a public leader, he is also a man with a vision for the development of Meghalaya and the North Eastern States of India.
Conrad will be sworn in at 2 pm at the office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Donkupar Roy, Khyndailad, Shillong.
He said that any problem can be discussed and resolved through dialogue.
The two Returning Officers appointed for the election, Justice GS Sistani (retd) and Justice Rang Nath Pandey (retd) on Tuesday announced that there are 15 candidates for the election. “Members who applied from 27th June 2024 until 3 pm have been accepted. Those who applied for 15 posts in the AICF for 15 posts,” said the two Returning Officers.
On the other hand, NESO urges the Central Government to take action against the insults and violence against the youth of the North East. This is to prevent the discrimination against the youth of the North East.
Member of the National Commission for Women, Delina Khongdup, said she was invited to visit the trep after seeing it through social media.
Tura Law College has elected new office bearers to look after various matters related to the college.
“Since this Financial Year, every three months, in all districts, blocks and villages, the government and every resident villages shall work together to keep villages and cities clean and tidy.
Khliehriat, June 12: Tens of thousands of vehicles have been stranded on the National Highway in Narpuh East Jaintia Hills District. The incident occurred on the National Highway in Lumshnong near the Tool Gate.
The relatives of this young man have requested all the supporters of Jaintia Hills and other districts in the state to vote for him on this Code Number SEV sent to The voting period will start from the 27th of this month to the 8th of this month through Aircel Mobile connection.
“Ka seng has immediately met with the doctors of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department of the state and these doctors have confirmed that there has been no disease of cattle in the state,” said Bah Wanshai. .
In India, the number of cases has risen to 396, with 81 new cases and 7 deaths in India.
During the rainy season, the poet remembers that the rivers of Sohra are filled and flooded with the rainwater and these rivers flow and flow from every river. At night they fall and flow into the lyuh to form rivers in the Sohra area and reach the northern part of Bangladesh.
He said that the central theme of the tree planting should be to connect man with nature especially this state which has been blessed with the beauty of nature.
Dr Don said it would be better for the government to wait until the Governor gives his opinion on the order of the court.
They are GG Swell, BB Lyngdoh, HS Lyngdoh and Bull Lyngdoh.
The General Secretary of the Warding Farmers Association (WAFA) has admitted that the group of robbers from Mawlyngbna village was led by the Syiem of Mawsynram, Pa'iem Amos Malniang.
In the men's category, Ishoor Nepali (17:03:21 Sec), Emphius Nongrum (17:03:94 Sec), Pratap Thapa (17:04:74 Sec) and Welbetstar Ramsiej (17:08:18 Sec) and Bijoy Budha Magar (17:08:65 Sec).
The central theme of this song is about young love and others who affect the spiritual life.
On the other hand, JACBOM is preparing to appeal against this matter in court and we will see when we have appealed in court.
All seven of them went to participate in the 23rd Sub-Junior National Wushu Championship and Junior Khelo India Women's League held at the Indoor Hall Bhagwati Nagar, from 26th to 31st October,
He said this does not mean that they are against the citizens of the country when they say this.
Speaking to reporters, Disparsing Rani said that the Shillong Civil Hospital has collected money from CT Scan, MRI, Blood Test, UG Scan and X-Ray. .
Police have searched the Sumo and found it at Mawkhanu. The people inside the Sumo have fled the scene. and they all fled into the wood.
In the second match, Lummyrli SC beat Bataw FC 3-2 on penalties after the first half.
“We would like to congratulate the MLA who took action after we went to him,” said Bah Khyriem.
The Cluster Level Federation Namdong Cluster was launched on 24/1/2022. The CLF includes 11 Village Organizations (VOs) and 150 SHGs.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 3.4 lakh with 10,667 new cases in the past 24 hours.
In addition, the programs implemented by various Government departments have been reviewed to ensure the benefits and welfare of women and children in the district.
To look at the traffic jam, it is impossible to know where the traffic jam started especially from Barik to Dhanketi and Laitumkhrah where the vehicles have stopped at these times.
Lack of water and salt causes weakness in the body.
Before the ceremony, a short meeting was held where Bah ST Nongphud Asst Secretary of MGPSTA Nongstoiñ unit gave a welcome speech to all the teachers who attended the meeting.
(HSCL), which is operating the construction of the Sports Complex, will submit a detailed report on the incident.
Ukraine has launched 30 attacks on the country, including rockets, air strikes and gunfire in parts of Ukraine, the Ukrainian military said. .
He said that it has been decided that if there are any new projects, they should not be informed.
Ayush Kumar also submitted only a birth certificate from Bihar without an affidavit from the court, CBSE documents from Rajasthan and PRC from East Jaintia Hills.
According to Rani, she explained that it is clearly written in the documents that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has opened the shop by Rani Marbaniang since 2019, but the foreigner has not found it. paid even ten naira for the rent.
Duty of MDCs: If the Constitution of the country has appointed the Lyngkor Jaitbynriew to the District Councils, those who will be elected MDCs must be able to discuss the issues of the Jaitbynriew; They should have a Maiñ Rangbah to understand the changes of the Jaitbynriew over time and to introduce those laws that will help the Jaitbynriew to move forward, not to turn the Jaitbynriew back to the past. stone.
Referring to the Wahumkhrah Bridge, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The new construction of this bridge is the Government's goal to reduce traffic jam in Shillong and will facilitate the traffic of Mawlai and I'm from Jaiaw,” said Prestone.
Last month, it was reported on social media that the loss of money from the Makhaw Presbyterian Church has reached 4 crore 67 lakh tyngka.
During his tenure with Bengaluru FC, Lyngdoh achieved great success by winning the Reliance Foundation Development League title twice in a row. 2021/2022 and 2022/2
In Ri Bhoi, there are 56 cases, of which 2 cases are high risk contacts, 1 case is a health worker and 53 cases are from the NEPA Police Training Centre. There is only one high risk contact in South Garo Hills.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 3,51,09,286 with 325 deaths today, bringing the total number of deaths in India to 4,82,8
Short speeches were delivered by Asst Finance KSU EJHDU Cherity Suja and Vice President KSU Delhi Wanlam Nongsiej.
“I will pay the fine, but I will oppose and file a complaint to overturn the decision.
She had a laptop and some money,” said Das, adding that the cover she used to cover herself belonged to her son.
At the same time, due to the Coronavirus or COVID-19, the National Lockdown should remain in force until we see signs that the Coronavirus has died. start.
The farmers fear that these new laws will completely destroy these APMCs and their Mandi (markets) by allowing private individuals and companies to enter and take advantage of the sale and purchase of products. rep.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 01: MCAB Bank Nongstoin Branch on 31.08.2023 has come to explain to the students how to withdraw money from FGEM Higher Secondary School Nongspung. Bank and to raise awareness regarding financial matters.
The Chief Electoral Officers of the various States/UTs shall prepare for the elections to meet the requirements in accordance with the rules taking into account the circumstances of the constituencies.
At this time of darkness, the JYF has expressed its prayers that God Almighty will bless their families.
There is a saying that says “Ri Jaintia Wiar nam”.
It is worth mentioning that the Khadar administration in KHADC is still in turmoil and is currently under the Administrator Rule.
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns the intention of NEEPCO to implement this project without consulting and getting permission from the residents and the Dorbar Shnong Umblai as a whole and the union also opposes this. The project will be implemented without the approval of the residents and the Dorbar Shnong Umblai Pyllun, because the implementation of this project will affect the Kongkhen River which the village takes care of, will also affect the land. and community farmlands.
A year is 360 days long.
Since 2022, the BJP has started to grow stronger across India, for that reason, it has started to show its strength and started to attack minorities especially Muslims, Christians, etc. The main objective of the BJP party since its inception is to bring about the Hindu identity in Hindustan.
The cleanliness drive was conducted at Rangad Point, Laban, Pine Mount School, Crinoline Swimming Pool and Seven Set Hr. .Secondary School lane.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSLSA) on Saturday held the National Lok Adalat in all districts of Meghalaya.
Referring to the demand that the government should provide tyndong lyer, Khroo said that the government will try to create the necessary mechanisms because according to the rules of the Mid-day meal scheme there is no rule. for the purpose of giving the lyer shet.
Shillong: The Schem Rympei Tynrai (SRT) has found that there are 3,24,866 children born in the last 30 years from 1981 to
He also requested the district authorities to extend the opening hours and days of the shops, to avoid the crowd in Ïewduh.
On the other hand, Bah PN Syiem said that during the meeting with the Minister, he said that there is a scheme prepared by the government in this regard and the Ministry of Water Resources has There is a scheme called the Pynthorumkhrah Flood Control Project, but because they need a lot of land, they are still looking into this scheme.
Tura Government College, the oldest college in Garo Hills, needs special financial assistance from the government to fill the vacant teaching posts.
He said the Fire and Emergency Services Department in Tura will conduct a thorough investigation into the incident and find out the cause of the fire.
Hundreds of young people are addicted to drugs whether in the city or in the countryside.
The KSU said that it appreciates the organization of this festival with the aim of showcasing the talented people of the state but it should also showcase the traditional culture of the state through this festival. .
After the end of the first half, MLP scored four goals while Nongdaju converted two goals. Chesterfield Nongdhar scored the third goal in the 65th minute and Nongdaju FC also scored the third goal. Johnpaul Kharmaw scored in the 64th minute.
They destroy the moral religious pride of man and teach it. Bah Bring in the same book says, “Beware of moral religious pride. In the Khasi language it means, take care of yourself from those who are proud of their goodness and their religious burden.
He said that these four persons have recovered but they still have to go for treatment, as the disease is still spreading even after they have been treated.
This teaching of our ancestors is also confirmed by Newtons' 3rd Law of Motion in the subject of Physics which says in foreign languages ​​"In every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction" that the Khasi of old were more intelligent and intelligent than the scientists.
To translate the text of the Act into a language that the various ethnic groups in the region can understand.
Antonio War will contest against Congress MLA Fantin Joseph Lakadong.
The Chief Minister said the government's goal is to address the problem of traffic jam and traffic in Shillong.
On the evening of the 28th, Bah Ruby said that he had arrived at the school in the hope of seeing his son with his own eyes, but his daughter was not found by the school authorities. They were taken to the CHC in Lakshimmgarh without the presence of police or relatives.
All vehicles are advised not to overtake or collide with each other to avoid traffic jams.
“If this inspection and talks do not succeed as Prestone Tynsong has said in the media and informed the NHIDCL, the FKJGP will not sit idly by but will follow up and do nothing. “It's a PIL,” said DK Nonglait, President of FKJGP.
On the morning of 10th July, 2021, Bah Hamletson Dohling visited Mawrashe Village to inaugurate the road which has been constructed at a cost of 3 lakh 30 thousand tyngka under the SRWP scheme. He said that on his part as the leader he had called the Deputy Commissioner to discuss and said that the plan has been suspended.
Kharkhrang, a retired police officer, started his election campaign from the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar on Saturday after receiving the ticket to contest the elections from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). North Shillong Constituency.
Anyone who feels that this statement is appropriate can send the information to the office of the DC of EKHD, Shillong for further consideration and approval to the Central Government.
The assistance given to these families is in the form of bedding, dishes, knives, blankets and other necessities that they can use in the household. their daily lives.
In the men's category, East Jaintia Hills beat West Khasi Hills 4-1 goals on Tuesday.
Mulait United FC and Narwan SC came first and second in the SBSA points table. Mulait FC has 17 points and Narwan 15 points from seven matches.
The curfew has called for the people to stay at home to prevent the spread of the corona virus.
He said the VPP will not have any threat to the NPP even if it dreams of winning from Shillong in the MP elections, but it will be a long dream.
However, the more it is hidden, the more the secret becomes clear and soon it will be revealed.
The food of golden bniat or Raja is strongly warned along with the appearance of a broken throat, if you eat it, but the women who are well trained to eat it (raja) do not hesitate to eat it. get fed and satisfy their appetites.
The child was rushed to Byrnihat PHC, but was shifted to Bethany Hospital in Nongpoh, but due to serious injuries, the child was rushed to Byrnihat PHC. and the child died.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Kong Ampareen said that she came to meet with the media because she is concerned that Bah Ardent will be arrested. “It's up to Bah Ardent whether he will respond to this threat,” she said.
The Chief Secretary, Sñiawbhalang Dhar, will hold portfolios such as Urban and Affairs, Transport Department and Commerce and Industries. and the Department of Prisons & Correctional Services.
It is suspected that the woman was accompanied by a foreigner named Mridul Bora who is an employee of Shakhambari Ferro Alloy Company in Rwiang.
These 40 polling stations are Marngor, Laitkseh and Langiew and others, he said.
However, the owner of the money admitted that it was for the purpose of buying shallan to smuggle coal to Bangladesh.
Nongpoh, November 04: It has been a great blessing and benefit to the residents of 20 villages in the Nongpoh area which fall under the Census Town after the Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar today visited the Census Town. The Nongpoh Greater Water Supply Scheme (NGWSS) was laid the foundation stone for the construction of drinking water scheme to deliver drinking water to every household in the villages of Nongpoh area at a meeting held at the District Library in Nongpoh.
The DCPO's office has informed that any person or relatives who have information or connection with the child can come and collect the remains of the child from the morgue. who was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Ialong for 7 days.
The people have also forgotten to establish that the elections are the same as in the past decades.
“There are schemes for the poor to deliver this money to them, the Prime Minister has allowed to open a zero account to deliver this money to the beneficiaries through the Janth Dhan Yojana”. added.
Shillong: Former members of the HNLC have formed the Tyllilang Welfare Organization (TWO) at a meeting held on 19th July
This action of the government is a change of spirit of the people especially in South West Khasi Hills District where the people have to endure the closure of markets or the curfew just to avoid the corona virus.
“I am surprised at other political parties with their goals, I see that some leaders from other political parties when speaking in the election campaigns speak against the Government, while they themselves are with us in the Government for all 5 years," he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Sniawbha said that the purpose of the Hospitality Complex is to make Jaintia Hills one of the tourist destinations where people once visit Jaintia Hills. They don't leave without a smile so that the money they spend will benefit the people of this area.
In a statement sent by the President of UHM, Bah Charlie J.Rani, he said, “As the organization, we welcome anyone to join UHM so that we can continue to serve. it is better for our nation.
Police said the search for others involved in the incident is ongoing.
Many times they try to unite by forming groups during the elections to work together to fight against the Congress but now they have seen how it happened. “It's necessary,” said Dr. Mukul.
While passing by the highway , the reporter saw that vehicles were standing in line to buy Sohtrun and one vehicle was standing in line to buy Sohtrun , each vehicle was not enough to buy Sohtrun five or six of them.
It is said that at that time, they used to ship to Shilot with kwai, soh, tympew while later they received wheat, cows and other necessities.
“We don't sow the seeds of hatred but we think about the welfare of the people of the state especially the youth,” he added.
After the announcement of the 2023 Championships, Fr Venky Friding Kharsyiemiong, Principal of Nativity Higher Secondary School Mawkyrwat, expressed his gratitude to the organizers, the office of DSO South West Khasi. Hills District and all those who have participated especially the school children who have worked hard by playing well in all kinds of sports during these 3 days until they have won the title again from 2022 and now In 2023, they have won the title again for the Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletics Meet.
The highest amount of NGT funds are Tamil Nadu Rs.15,419 crore, Maharashtra Rs.12,000 crore, Madhya Pradesh Rs.9,688 crore, Uttar Pradesh Rs.5,000 crore, Bihar Rs.4,000 crore, West Bengal Rs.80 crore. .3,500 crore, Karnataka Rs.3,400 crore, Delhi Rs.3,132 crore, Rajasthan Rs.3,000 crore.
Warjri resigned from the post in November last year citing responsibility for the increase in violence in the state especially in Garo Hills where the killings have been high.
“Before taking over the post of CEM, I had talked to Bah Teinwel to hand over the post of CEM if the term is extended and I will take over the post of Chairman,” said Bah Shylla. myn yesterday.
Regarding the examination, the Prime Minister said that the government has set a priority for the examination especially those who are close to Dr. Sailo Ryntathiang, before the examination. after October 24,
We know about Jesus, we hear about Him but we don't act according to the teachings of God's Word.
Similarly, on Saturday, BSF and Punjab Police in collaboration with Border Guard Force seized 7 kg of heroin on the India-Pakistan border in Tarn Taran district.
“The works demonstrate the ability and cooperation to transform the nation and society through the projects under this scheme,” said Ms Isawanda.
He believed that their eyes would be bright because she was a good woman and her childbirth was an unexpected event in the gratitude of the men.
Tura, Lber 25 : The POCSO High Court has convicted former Ampati OC Nurul Islam for raping two brothers in 2013 in South West Garo Hills.
The spread of Covid-19 in the state has caused a lot of concern among the villagers, because if we look closely at our own state, its decline in the health sector. Look at the CHCs and PHCs across the state, even if there is a shortage of houses to provide health care to the people in the state, but to tell the truth, the CHCs or PHC, where even if there are no doctors or nurses, the only equipment in their hands to treat the people is a sphygmomanometer. The medicines that can be obtained from these health centers may be only for temporary or temporary illnesses such as headaches. Furthermore, the number of doctors and nurses in the state is very low. How much more at this time when we have to fight against the spread of Covid 19, the question arises where all those young people have gone to complete the line doctor on behalf of the state government, this is also one of the questions that the state government will have to look for now.
Laitumkhrah is a village that knows the law and we should not allow this,” she said.
“It is through your vote that we will get new school buildings, colorful roads, stadiums and many others.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah SC Kharkongngor from the District Child Protection Unit, Banisha Snaitang, Psychiatric Nurse. Speech by Bah SJ Kharbhih, Sub Inspector & 2nd Officer In-charge of Mawkyrwat Police Station.
Customs officials raided the shop and seized T.9.5 lakh from the sale of illegally smuggled gold.
Mawthawpdah Sports Club beat Shngimawleiñ Sports Club 4-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
When we face problems, we go to the government in its ears; and the government doesn't listen to us.
The union has also submitted a letter to the Government through the Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Baranwal to express its opposition to the construction of the railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
Luton Town have completed their journey from the Non-League to the English Premier League (EPL) after beating Coventry City in the play-off final. Championship tournament at Wembley.
Until 15th July 2021, public meetings will not be allowed to be held as a precautionary measure against the spread of covid
Therefore, we will not allow these foreign trucks to enter our district and villages.
Everyone knows, the people know, the Government of India knows, and the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA)”.
According to him, a total of five bills have been approved by the Governor.
According to the signs that have appeared clearly in the demarcation of the border of the Hynniewtrep people and the interference of the Assam government, it will not be equal at all according to the understanding of the people of Hynniewtrep.
Chickens transported from one place to another should be marked with the inscription, “Care in Transit.
“The current NEHUSU is determined to crack down on these illegal activities by any employees, officers or teachers against the students,” said the Union.
They also expressed the feeling that it is not in accordance with the Constitution to include ST (Other Tribe) and SC in the same category.
State of Punjab," in which the Supreme Court has ruled that the job allocation applies to jobs or posts, not only to vacancies.
Speaking to reporters, HYC Shella Area President Bah Macdonald Mawa, who has resigned from the party along with all the members, said that the resignation of all the members is not because of the HYC but because of the They are not happy with the behavior of the general secretary, Bah Kupar Roy Synrem, who is from Shella village, because he has challenged the activities of the unit in many areas, from the village work, and others.
Through the continuous encouragement of the Chief Minister and the support of the Director General of Police, Meghalaya, this is the second large-scale drug seizure in three days.
The meeting was conducted by Pynshai Kupar M Dkhar Assistant General Secretary of KSU EJHDU. Secretary Donki Patwet, Publicity Secretary Niwan Patwet, Finance Secretary Iengskhen Pyrngap.
This is the first time that a football tournament has been held at the First Ground after three years. The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has decided to hold a football tournament at the First Ground. ) will be able to resume games at this stadium.
“It is the right of Bah Hamlet to join the NPP. Do you want your leader to come alone on a scooter and that is why we want him to come with a big bus.
During the inspection, the Dorbar Shnong found that there were some people who worked as the Sordar Shnong, who had not issued NOC to these foreigners.
About 50 church leaders from different churches have met the CEM today at his office.
“If you want to send someone who doesn't speak Hindi, you will sit in parliament for five years and don't say that that MP hasn't done anything,” she said.
The Government should improve and strengthen this Act which is indeed a protection and strength for the Jaitbynriew.
Once again, the MKDC invites all the men and women, the leaders of this constituency as well as the MDC (who has just been elected) to work together so that we can get the development of the constituency. “It is not enough to criticize in the newspapers but to remember that action will sound louder than words,” said a statement sent through the Publicity Secretary of the Seng, Ma Embhahlang Sariang.
He said that if we look back at last year under the leadership of the MDA I government, it is true, because high level people are still able to smuggle coal every day as they wish.
It has been proven that it is useless to explain to those who listen carefully to what they hear.
The following are the new office bearers of WJBA: President: Wanbait Ksoo Vice President: Jal Lyngdoh General Secretary: DR Michael Buam (Re-elected) Assistant Secretary: Budki Suchiang Treasurer: Mrs.Pretty Synnah Executive Members: Stonely Pohtam Pynïooladmi Pala Chief Adviser: Rudolf Laloo Chief Coach: Jimy B Shadap.
According to the FKJGP, this happened at Thangskai village, East Jaintia Hills District.
According to a letter signed by FKJGP-EJHD President M.Suting and General Secretary D.Sumer, the condition of the National Highway in the district has caused a lot of trouble to the travellers. Nongwan, the condition of the road is no longer like a highway but like a forest road full of snow, a handful of jyrsieh where the relevant department has not taken any action to repair. “It is very difficult for the people who pass through this national highway who face problems from time to time.
Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by eight wickets today and with the victory of Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh today sent home.
The program was held at 3 pm and 94 children attended.
He said that he relies on the wisdom of the AICC whether to elect another President or to continue to remain as MPCC President.
One species of plant that is found only in the Bri u Hynniewtrep is called soh, and it is not a soh under a tree but a soh under the ground.
Earlier, Bah Hamlet said that he is now ready to provide the report card just like the teachers.
New Delhi: Harivansh Narayan Singh, the candidate of the ruling National Democratic Alliance (NDA), was elected as the Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha today. on the other hand, BK Hariprasad.
In the Girls Double U-15, Netania Tariang and Rhema G Nongkhlaw defeated Deiphishisha Dohling and Haphisha Massar.
St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Rangblang beat St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Rangblang by 13 – 11 baskets in the Mawkyrwat Presbytery Women's Assembly. Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat beat Little Star Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat by 14 – 06 baskets.
Tharai doesn't have to speak like that.
The purpose is to conduct the Khadar System in accordance with the Constitution and to preserve the ownership of the land.
Bishal Berman scored 44 runs while Purav, who helped TDCA-B win, scored 4/1
Shillong: U Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MDC of Sohryngkham Constituency on Tuesday handed over an ambulance to the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawryngkneng Circle. Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) New Shillong Circle and to Nongrah Pyllun Multi-Purpose Co-operative Society Ltd.
CP Gotmare, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, said the money worth T.12.39 lakh was seized from Nongpoh and Jorabat on Saturday.
He said that as a young man he cannot just look at the suffering of the people in the constituency and the district as a whole.
“Our findings based on the evidence have shown that he was driving himself because of the pressure and intimidation of others.
Police said the child did not tell anyone on the night of the incident, but was heard by neighbors when she cried the next morning with her mother's body. , which is not available.
Sawmer SC secured their title by beating Lawsohtun SC 2-0 in the final match of the tournament on Saturday at MFA Third Gound, Polo, Shillong.
Most of the reasons are lifestyle and dietary habits such as lack of food, addiction to alcohol, cigarettes or sometimes from stress causes a lack of energy.
In the final match, S.Lynda Kom, who won the Player of the Match, scored 29', 44' in the first half before Manipur scored two more goals in the second half. L.Babina Devi (62') and L.Shelia Devi (87') won the second half.
Speaking to media, Gavin said the party has decided to move forward with the intention to merge with the NPP. The General Council, the PDF has brought the issue before the CEC where it has been discussed and many of them have joined the NPP. but the PDF is willing to consult with the CEC before taking a decision.
In the sixth position, Sanida Emi Pakma of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong scored 555 marks.
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) will conduct a pedestrian test in Motphran and Khyndailad from tomorrow.
The match on the 13th will be between Salaroh FC and Rymbai War Jaintia Veteran FC at 2 pm.
“If you don't, there is no proof that you have paid or that we have received.
Swer said that this action of the Prime Minister has completely destroyed the preparations for the day, in which they have not been able to invite anyone. The Sengbah of Nongshat Nongkhein has sent a letter of invitation to the CEM of KHADC to come and console Bah Adelbert Nongrum, but they have not received any reply. There has been a lot of confusion and change of seats in the KHADC in the past few days.
“Jaïaw Langsning Village is an example for other neighboring villages and for other villages in our beloved Khasi Hills,” said Bah Banteidor.
This is called value addition or the increase in the price of fruits and vegetables as well as shynrai.
She gave examples of many places which have received roads and the Government has worked since previous years until now and witnessed the development works and growth of the State.
During his inspection of the hospital, the Minister said that the government will implement the Hub-Spoke to ensure that the services of the hospital will be adequate and excellent. .
Mawkynrew PHC covers and covers the villages of Mawkynrew, Mawlien, Umtong, Lynshing, Tmoi, Umsham, Nongpyrdi, Mynriah, Siltham, Khwad, Mawlatbah, Umblai, Mawrasai, Mawkria, Wahmawlein, Mawlakhiat and Wahlyngdoh.
He said that the expenditure during the pandemic has exceeded Rs 500 crore, but there are still those who dare to accuse the prime minister of wasting all the money. The more you blame, the more we are encouraged to work for the people.
The Mission aims to provide shelter to the homeless and also looks into the problems of street vendors in urban areas. protection so that their livelihood will not be affected.
The State of Meghalaya has strengthened women's cooperatives and in this way we will be able to support these groups to develop.
Shillong: Out of the 32 cases of Covid-19 in Shillong, only a 15-year-old child has died, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said. deaths from Covid-1
The eight MPs have withdrawn their protest in front of Parliament this morning, by joining the opposition not to go to the House from today.
The rainfall was caused by the cyclone Jawad in the west Central Bay of Bengal, which has risen above the sea since yesterday, November 4,
How can the Government of India not provide funds to pay salaries only to SSA teachers in Meghalaya while in other states we don't see that SSA teachers are not paid salaries? SSA is a scheme which has not been allocated by the budget of India. in whatever way you don't spend that money.
I don't feel like the world anymore.
The meeting was held as part of the campaign to raise awareness among the people on the demand of the government to implement the Agriculture Policy. Petition to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
This word, which originated in the time of Aristotle, has begun to take root in the people of the country since the arrival of the British; in Khasi-Jaintia since 1920 onwards.
At 11:30 pm, a Fortuner (MH-14Y-9717) belonging to Ashish Gundal caught fire near the parking lot of Orchird Resort, Umiam. slightly.
AITC Meghalaya Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the incident at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District should not affect the border talks between Assam and Meghalaya.
He said that some parties have offered him ticket, but he has not yet taken a decision, as he is still in consultation with the elders on this issue.
However, it is the forces of love and compassion that can bring about change in society,” she said.
He said that this is because the MDA government has not taken action to look after the border people because from time to time violence happens and the people are like victims to the Assam police.
“If they have white spots on their gills, they are bih.
Therefore, these organizations demand that the government should make public this report within a month; Therefore, we as the Seng, cannot hesitate to take other measures to force the government to do its duty.
The UDP has nominated HDR's brother-in-law, Synshar Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah to contest against Samlin Malngiang of the NPP and other candidates from various parties.
On the other hand, the MLA also awarded cash prizes to these 9 students to encourage them to continue to do well in their higher education as an example to other students. to continue to succeed in bringing fame and glory to the village and the district.
In the football match, MSCSO beat BDO Office 3-1
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 26: The shooting death of four Khasi elders in Langpuh on the 14th June 2010, is a history that will be remembered forever by the Khasi Pnar people, especially in this year. Although it is not clear when the talks for the demarcation of the border disputes in the Langpih sector will start.
It was on these occasions that the Missionaries from Wales were able to introduce Christianity, by giving medicine and preaching the Gospel.
He said the Union Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister has launched the Ayushman scheme which provides T5 lakh health insurance to every citizen of India.
The value of the seized items is 21,315,76 tyngka.
It is necessary to say that agriculture and the household are the provisions for the body, while rituals such as thep mawbah are the provisions for the soul.
Mukul Sangma also wrote a petition to the Prime Minister for the immediate construction of the two bridges at Mendipathar in North Garo Hills and the Krishnai Bridge in Assam. he also wanted the soldiers to help him in the work.
Shillong, June 24: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC) today held its Executive Committee at Congress Bhawan, Shillong.
“The action of the MLA should be opposed and such an action should not be opposed,” he said. “The minister has made it clear that the investigation is ongoing and the prime minister has said, “A member cannot just stand here, shout and shout. He said that the investigation by the judge is very important to find out the true information related to the incident.
The Supreme Court has appointed a three-member Committee of Administrators (CoA), headed by retired Judge AR Dave, to manage the affairs of the Federation.
It is on this basis that the AC at its 110th meeting has approved to implement the NEP from 2024-25 as it is too late for colleges to prepare for
The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) today released the list of 116 candidates, which amounts to millions.
At the same time, they will also bring the report of the escape from Shillong.
They were abducted on 24th November, 2015 by shooting them at a place between Ampangre and Panda villages while they were on their way to Baghmara. shong by you public car.
When will we rise like others?
She said that the march will be led by Rahul Gandhi from the beginning to the end.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah B.Nari President of the Union said that the meeting with the Minister was successful and he promised that the government will consider this issue. He said the minister has promised to convene a meeting with the officers today to discuss the issue and said the government will not proceed against the mon and public.
“She also told me that she has never been married anywhere else, since we met 50 years ago.
“A person who lives abroad should not explain the Khasi people,” said Bah Donboklang and urged the people of Hynniewtrep not to vote for this woman who doesn't know anything about the Khasi people. but the crane is not clean.
Shillong College has won the Inter College Football Men's Tournament organized by the Sports Department of NEHU.
George is a former MLA from Umroi who won from the Congress party in 2018, but in November 2021 he left the Congress party along with 12 MLAs under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma. Sangma and joined the Trinamool Congress.
One of her children and her youngest sister had to flee to Jowai to escape from the attempt of the mother to stab them to death.
“The Congress government which passed the law and during the time of Indira tried to ban the consumption of beef,” said the BJP Meghalaya President.
Transport infrastructure and digital connectivity are key tools in enabling us to function effectively in today's society.
The DGP and Police Chiefs started the inspection by walking from Khyndailad to Lad Umsohsun and entered Them Metor where they talked to the foreigners living in the area.
The union said that through the upgradation of the Sub Centre, it will be a blessing and benefit to the people to get adequate and quality health care especially according to this era.
To reach Chandra Park, you have to drive across the river.
This is a lie to God and to yourself.
Lamphang's remarks came after the debate on whether the dorbar tlang or the dorbar kut samoi of the MLA term will be held.
Avoid drinking alcohol and cigarettes to have glowing skin.
Only the pleader will speak.
From East Khasi Hills alone, out of 17 MDCs, 12 MDCs have already confirmed to contest the election, including two MLAs from Mawryngkneng and Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem from Mawryngkneng. Lambor Light Cream.
During this programme, doctors will provide free treatment for many types of diseases related to childbirth, children, ear, head and neck diseases and other diseases.
But now, because people have forgotten the help of the miaw, when they find that the miaw are eight cold, some people kill them.
In the case of the Jews, Mount Zion was no longer just a mountain, but a new source of inspiration.
On the other hand, Bah SR Kharkongngor, District Child Protection Unit, SWKHD, in his speech said that the Juvenile Justice Act, 2015 has come into force since 15th July , and the Juvenile Justice Act was repealed in
“However, in my understanding, even if they are these, when the government calls for their opinion on this important issue, it is their duty to come and participate and express their views on the issue. this issue" he added.
The BJP will also strengthen the party in other parts of the state and set up mandals in all constituencies in preparation for the MP elections next year.
Three MDCs from the KHADC, Adelbert Nongrum of KHNAM, Equator L Nongrang of UDP and Blandingstar Warjri of HSPDP, have joined the PDF. According to the General Secretary of the UDP, this action of the MDCs has undermined the role of leadership which is the life and death of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ransome said that as a candidate, he will put first when he wins to eliminate the unemployment of the youth of North Shillong. education.
The Supreme Court has agreed to grant reservation to all ST/SC/OBCs.
The government's decision to set up the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights comes after the NCPCR has repeatedly directed.
The three players will be coached by Bah Joey Warlarpih.
Between remembering the image of the two and comparing them, Bahnah began to want to be close to them.
This area is very crowded and full of slum but the Kharmetor don't care even in the midst of this garbage.
“They are still in police custody and are trying to recover the money,” he said.
Bah Shanbor went to meet and congratulate the riewsaid with tears of joy.
He said that the people have started talking about the post of Chief Minister in the state especially about the President of the UDP and if God bless the party will win many victories without fail Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is the President of the UDP. The President shall appoint the new Chief Minister of the State.
On the 12th of this month, an emergency meeting was convened in the presence of Balen.
After this, Rgh I.Sun, Chairman Lum Sohpetbeng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, gave the keynote address.
The main reason for the decline in the value of morality or human dignity in this age is that we human beings have become too rich and have rushed home to get education.
After being instructed, he returned to the living room and there began to praise Lydia's father's work and wisdom in front of his daughter.
“We will hold a strong protest if the government does not release the President of the KSU within 48 hours and drop all the cases,” said FKJGP President Bah Joe Marwein.
Last month, when the Meghalaya government submitted the matter to the KHADC, the KHADC had a meeting to discuss the matter, which the entire dorbar opposed. surprised everyone.
“Mom, Dad, I too have to think about my family,” he said in front of them.
The funeral service will be held on 5.11.2023 at 3 pm at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church.
It is unheard of before that the police themselves will surrender their weapons in the midst of violence and lack of peace and order.
The prize for the winners will be a cash prize along with prizes and personal prizes.
The meeting was conducted by Bah B.Sutong who is also the Vice Chairman of the Labang-Nongphyllut Council.
According to sources, two Indian players, Sumit Kumar; The flyweight fighter will start his journey on the first day in Episode 2 of the tournament where he will face South Korean Seung Gok Choi.
Samehi Laloo, RFMS President Elect while Rtn.
The event was enriched by the performances of two coaches of Jongksha Grassroots Center.
On the other hand, the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare also congratulated the staff of the department and promised to give their full support for the improvement of the services.
Rama Rao directed the government officials to ensure that the food is good and safe for the school children and to continue to take samples for the purpose of check their condition from time to time.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong have moved up to second place in Group C with six points while Seven United are still in first place with eight points. , there are still two matches left.
“We have mentioned some very important points which these employers should take care of,” he said.
Jesus said – “Blessed and holy is he who has part in the first resurrection”.
The robber, who allegedly raped the elderly woman, Goya Khymdeit, 35, from Umden Nongtluh village, on the 30th of this month. u Nohprah at 3 pm, at a village in Umden area.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 16: The Hynniewtrep Territorial Organization (HITO) of South West Khasi Hills District (MRB) today visited the Branch Manager of the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB). to convey to the Bank the problems faced by the people in relation to the work within the Bank and to request to increase the number of employees.
Also present on the occasion were BJP President Ernest Mawrie, former MDC Laban Mawprem Ricky Shullai, other leaders from the Lease Holders Association, Jhalupara Village Council and SCDC. November 20: The President of the MPCC, Ma Vincent H. Pala, MP, Shillong Constituency, while speaking at the party Congress meeting at the Dorbar Hall, Rangthong, South West Khasi Hills. Hills District said, “The Congress is not a money donor and it is not rich in money but it is rich in the spirit of cooperation and many people support it because it gives money. a perfect government where no one can buy that.
The tournament was held specifically for those with disabilities, but this did not prevent 158 ​​people from participating.
Iooksi YC, Shangpung Khliehmuchut and Mawsiang FC won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the WJDSA on Tuesday.
Replying to this, the Minister of Transport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh initially refused to accept the demand of the MLA of Mawshynrut, saying that the bridge has been authorized by the National Government. The Green Tribunal (NGT) later said that the government would reconsider the request of Bah Mawsor.
On the other hand, the Seng Samla, has conducted a cleanliness drive on the Mawpun River on the 1st July 2019 as many of the villages still rely on it for many of their activities.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong Lawjynriew has also sent a directive to the Rangbah Dong to collect the names of the low income households so that the village can provide assistance to them. by providing food and utensils to them or their households.
There are many places in Assam that are like that, especially in the drier areas and where the water is longer.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Manipur by 116 runs by 10 innings in the second innings of the Ranji Trophy at Mangaldai, Assam today.
At about 10 pm this morning, police seized Rs 3 lakh 50 thousand from the vehicle of Kmen Pohtmi at Skenpyrsit during a search operation.
“They have postponed the session of the House just because they want to introduce the Bill, I commend the Prime Minister for introducing the Bill but when introducing the Bill there should be a beginning. Why can't it start working from the term of office of the new MDCs from 2019, I have argued for this but my statements have been rejected, I don't have any way “It's nothing else except to fight in court,” he said.
The match will be played between Dulong SC and Luti Tuber Ialong SC at 2 pm tomorrow.
Shillong, March 28 : Three cricketers from Meghalaya have been selected for the North East squad for the Senior Women's Inter Zonal T20 Trophy to be held next month.
The city dwellers are the same but they don't appear much...” Daplin added. Their conversation and explanation about life continued until they had washed all their clothes.
" The friend said, 'What's wrong?
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 25: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma on Saturday visited the CHC, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District which has 100 beds which has not been implemented yet. after laying the foundation stone since
LP&UP School Mawskeithem and he is also from an orphan family due to the death of his mother and the abandonment of his father.
