Shillong: U Jamil Ahmed, President of Lok Jan Shakti, Meghalaya, on Tuesday received a letter from the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF), Jowai, showing that 144 students from Jaintia Hills have not been admitted to classes. hills.
However, a few months after the MLA elections in 2018, Bah Pynshngaiñ left the PDF and joined the NPP and contested the MDC elections in NPP and he won.
The Society of Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) under the leadership of Dr HH Mohrmen on Thursday conducted a training for the farmers in this village.
In the first half, Shadap didn't allow the opponent's rangiakura, in which he showed his strength to throw naphang and it was in the second half that the referee had to suspend the match. that Khan was injured.
On Tuesday, the Adhoc School teachers vowed to hold a mass protest in Shillong after the end of the SSLC and HSSLC examinations if the State Government continues to ignore their demands.
In the past eight years, coal production in the country has increased by 37.3% and domestic coal outtake has increased by 43%.
There were also slogans in English such as, “Meghalaya Against Rape', Stand Against Rape', Fight Against Rape', Speak Against Rape', We Want Justice, put an end to adultery', don't forgive those who commit adultery, commit adultery'.
According to the Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the policy of zero tolerance will be implemented. The drugs seized by the Ministry of Home Affairs have now been successful.
From the start of the first innings, Meghalaya tried their best to score runs to hope for a victory but due to the skill of their players, Haryana defeated Meghalaya.
Furthermore, if the pastor has been well trained in humanity and sacred work with piety and knowledge of the Word of God, it is better for him to enter politics to help cleanse it from within while he can.
At the same time, they will also receive assistance of up to 2 lakh tyngka in case of death in any accident.
“Meghalaya is fortunate to have produced men and women to become political leaders, and the emergence of leaders from the same family is undeniable and true in this regard. “Our state,” said the NPP leader on Modi's address to the leaders of the same family.
During the inspection, the HYC members found that the school does not have benches and desks, which are the most important necessities of the school, as well as in many parts of the school. They have been covered with snow, which can also cause many problems for the children to stay in this school in case of rain.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) on Thursday inspected the quarries and quarrying factories at Rani Jirang on the border of Meghalaya and Assam. The quarries and quarrying factories were smuggled by the Dkhars from Assam in the name of the land owners who were residents of the Jirang Hima.
It is not permissible to speak nanang, to speak arrogantly or to speak falsely, everyone speaks bin pa bin what is right.
Referring to the programme, 300 children aged 10-18 years old participated in the programme. The program was conducted and facilitated by the Edge 10 team under the supervision of Ian Campbell is from Australia.
The Block Integrated Development Complex in Jirang Block has been completed thanks to the initiative of the MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, who has allocated funds through the Block Integrated Development Complex. Group IX scheme at a cost of Rs.2.77 crores.
Kiba kit nong is kit daju.
Before the burning of the statue, the President Rangbah of KHNAM, Bah Pyndap Saibon, said that the burning of the statue of Mukul Sangma is a sign that KHNAM has expressed its support. opposition to the government because of distrust of the demands placed on it.
So she told her father that she wanted to marry a young man.
Many people affected by this disease have a feeling of sadness and a lack of peace in the middle of the night.
The hosting of the Meghalaya Games in Tura has improved the city, with many sports facilities being erected, such as the Patogan Nengminsa Stadium which was opened before the start of the festival. played the Meghalaya Games.
He said that at present there is no coal hidden in Gasuapara as stated by the Department of Mining and Geology. They will also pass through South Garo Hills to Gasuapara Land Customs Station or Gasuapara Trade Station to Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 30: The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the department has appointed Phidalia Toi as the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW). it in the past years and it has been found that it has not fulfilled its deadline.
The drivers, Tashi Phuntsho, Kinley Wangchuk, Uma Tamang, Thimley Dorjey, Suresh Guraj and Nidup, were smuggling stone from Gelophu Bhutan to Bangladesh with the permission of the Indian government. to cooperate in trade with Bhutan.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Kyntonmassar Unit will hold the 3rd Lurshai Hynniewta Memorial Cricket Tournament in Shillong.
During the meeting, Prime Minister Siddaramaiah explained the government's intention to form a leadership group of all political parties and to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the issues. The problems arising from the differences between two states, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.
Meanwhile, in a statement sent by the Waheh Shnong Willy Pohplet and the Secretary Sibil Tariang, the Dorbar Shnong has alleged that Ency Shadap, Sambormi Lyngdoh, Sanjay Syndai, Ferby Syndai and their group from Muktapur and others have been arrested. On the 5th of this month at 9 pm, they entered Lakroh village and threatened the village leaders.
Jowai, July 23: The 1st Knock Out 10-Aside Football Tournament 2022-23 organized by the Youth and Cultural Sport Club Sohmynting has come to an end. FC (Sohmynting) became the winners by beating Amlanai Young Boy (Amlanai) in the tie breaker.
Prestone also informed that the Government will set up a Project Management Unit (PMU) headed by the Head of District Council Affairs (DCA) and members of the Revenue Department. the Deputy Commissioner and the District Council.
He said the council will prepare DPRs for these markets to seek financial assistance from DoNER and the 13th Finance Commission and other financial assistance that can be invested.
“In 2018 we won only six MLAs but with the victory in the mid-term elections we now have five,” he said. you don't need to sdien.
Indeed, countries such as North Korea, Syria and others with only one power or authoritarian regime are a serious threat to freedom and prosperity.
After the incident, the news of demon worship spread again, which alleged that those demon worshipers had committed miracles by drawing strange drawings and even carrying the cross. .
It can be said that this foundation stone laying ceremony is different because on the day the MLA laid the foundation stone, the work started immediately compared to other foundation stone laying ceremony. The second project has been launched after many years without starting the project.
Male and female players from different districts of the state are invited to attend the competition and select players for the MBA. The coaching camp for the selected players will start from 29th November state in this tournament.
The purpose of this dorbar is to promote the development of environmentally friendly, science-based communication systems in the North Eastern States of India.
The Dorbar Shnong Pammanik through Shibor Langstang Secretary Shnong has issued a series of rules to ensure the smooth conduct of the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State which will be held on the 27th of June. inside the village.
Therefore, the school authorities have requested the students to stay at home for a few days, to avoid the spread of the disease.
Four people were killed and 50 others injured when a strong earthquake measuring 7.4 on the Richter scale struck Taiwan on Tuesday. the Yonaguni island of Japan.
It is a very powerful committee and it is this committee that should inform the Central Government that the reason for the suspension of the railway line to Byrnihat is because the Central Government has not granted the ILP. “If the central government is ready to grant ILP to Manipur, why shouldn't it grant ILP to Meghalaya?
Shillong: There have been 24 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today.
They do not give peace even if his work here is looked after and conducted separately by the Khasi, whom he has specially trained.
He said Malchapara, Malang Salbari and Malangkhona are the land of Meghalaya and are not in dispute, but these have been handed over by Conrad to Assam. and the city was divided into two parts.
He was formerly from Rangblang Pombriew and married a woman from Marshan Namlang.
The Labor Department of the State Government in West Jaintia Hills has not been able to assist the day laborers in the implementation of various schemes especially those employees who are registered in the list of Meghalaya Building and Other Construction. Board welfare.
Satan gives the man who is the beast rulership without mercy.
The first case of Covid-19 in the state is a health worker. The husband of the case is a pilot of Air India. New York to Delhi on 16th October
Isaiah also said, “This is like sowing a seed, and it is up to us to make it grow.
At that time, the NPP and UDP worked together in the MDA 1.0 government, but the relationship has become closer than today.
“Therefore, we request the KHADC to take the lead and move forward to gather all the district councils to oppose the central government's plan on the UCC,” he said. that we should not forget these things but to put the Jaidbynriew first.
They went on and after about 8 or 9 months the Supreme Court under the Chief Justice of India Sri Ranjan Gogoi suddenly ruled on Adhar.
On the other hand, MPLU President Erwin K Syiem Sutnga admitted that those who need assistance can call 1070 to register as part of the assistance.
The BJP has earlier strongly criticized Kejriwal for listening to the matter, with spokesperson Gaurav Bhatia admitting that Kejriwal was one of the thieves for not giving orders. to do nothing in connection with the attack on Maliwal.
He said that the lack of policy has affected the tourism industry in Meghalaya while Assam has grown rapidly.
Nongpoh: A 14-year-old Heprit, who lives in a village in Ri Bhoi, has been released by the Ri Bhoi Police, after she was abducted by a man known as Ajay Patar, 21, is from Assam.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah Beyond Kurbah, who is the UPD candidate for the 2023 MLA election from Mawphlang Constituency who will replace Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh.
Christians run the largest number of schools, colleges, orphanages and homes for the elderly and the needy in the country.
This happened suddenly only a year ago when the people from the city to the villages have experienced this.
“As you bet, so you don't,” said Bah Sonny.
The reduction to T.70 per kilo will help the consumers.
The total number of cases has risen to 8,20,916, while 2,83,407 people are undergoing treatment and 5,15,386 have recovered.
Let us also hope that the work will be thorough and not too late or too late.
Participants in the flag raising ceremony included Timothy D. Shira, Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Sohra, Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Amlarem, Sanjay Sangma, MLA Dadenggre; Limison D. Sangma, MLA Raksamgre, Methodius Dkhar, MLA Raksamgre, Pius Marwein, MLA Ranikor, Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA M.Patharskhmah, Jim Ian Botham K. Sangma, MLA from Jengjal and Brening A. Sangma, MLA from Dalu.
Pangniang said that at 11 am, the two MLAs met with him to discuss the formation of a new government in Meghalaya which was held at the residence of Amlarem MLA, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, at Laitumkhrah Shillong: “I don't know where they went or how they feel that they left the meeting suddenly and the party will hold a meeting to discuss this issue. We don't know why they went to meet with the leaders of another party”.
Those who have not paid the fee have been delayed in getting their job cards, said Bah Kharkrang.
Peace can only be restored if the people of Manipur themselves respect the rights of others,” said UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh in a statement.
Shillong: The Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai (SRT) has said that the coffin manufacturers will have to pay 18 percent of the GST from now on. They have filed a petition with the Governor of Meghalaya today, expressing their opposition to the Khasi District Council Bill
The CMPDI has also submitted its report on the implementation of these two pilot projects in Sutnga and Agremggitim and is currently preparing a Detail Project Report (DPR) for all four districts. The Committee has also found that the preparation of the work is very slow and therefore it has decided to set a time limit for completion. The coal mines have caused damage and injuries not only to animals, livestock but also to the people living near these coal mines in all four districts.
The Government has taken this initiative after the State has been facing problems especially during the protests in Assam and the lack of LPG supply to Meghalaya.
Dipanyan Nandi, who scored 78 runs in the first innings, tied for 35 runs while Rudra Singh Rathore was dismissed for 20 runs.
In order to verify and value the gold, the police in the presence of the Magistrate, have called the gold manufacturers, to find out how much it is worth. It weighs about 570 grams and costs T.30 lakh.
Nongpoh: Regarding the incidents of incidents at NHAI Toll Gates, Karge Kamki Project Director, NHAI, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the implementation of Fastag in vehicles, It has been implemented in accordance with the order issued by the Government of India through the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, in which the implementation of Fastag has been implemented in all the states of the country.
He also expressed his appreciation for the participation of one of the most prominent players in the country. “For me to be with Bah Aibor Khongjee is a benefit,” said Bah Khlain.
“I believe we will be able to provide a good quality of life to the residents.
Duty of waste producers:(1) All waste producers shall:(a) Separate and store the waste they produce in three categories: rotten, non-rotten and there is nothing wrong with that.
On this occasion, I have also spoken to Karbi Anglong MP Horen Sing Bey, and we want the villages in Block II to be peaceful”.
After receiving a letter of warning from the two churches and also from the General Secretaries of the two parties, APCA and APCRCC have immediately sent letters of apology and promised to stop the spread of news through social media that the two organizations have done and named prayer petitions and He said that they don't intend to campaign for any candidate but to pray for the smooth running of the MPCA election. She admitted that she did this because she wanted the Congress candidate and former Chief Minister Nabam Tuki to contest from the West Constituency Parliamentary elections. and they stated that they wanted him to succeed.
At the same time, he announced that financial support will be provided to filmmakers who promote the native language and culture.
Therefore, we should not blame ourselves for what is happening in Meghalaya today.
The Bengal Native Infantry consists of sepoys from the Surma tribes, Non Commissioned Officers or Havildars and Naiks, Native Commissioned Officers or Subedars and Jamedars from the Surma tribes. the Commissioned Officers and Sergeants who are the leaders.
O churches of Christianity, don't be divided anymore as you used to be, “One is right, that is wrong” because we have become equal before God.
At Resubelpara, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar unfurled the flag and presented the award to the Soil & Water Conservation Office which was selected for the Best Tableau Award.
The incident happened at the house of Kong Loncy Jyrwa, who is the owner of the house in Umtrew, whose owner is from Shillong. Maw, Phan, Piat and others were thrown into the house.
If you want to resolve the border issues, you have to speak the same way,” said Sangma, expressing concern over the issue of language differences.
In West Khasi Hills, 6 cases have been reported, in Ribhoi 83 cases, in West Jaintia Hills 15 cases, 31 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills and 2 cases in North Garo Hills.
Lamlynti opened the scoring through Ksankupar Khongngaiñ in the 12th minute.
Other ministers on the rich list include Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Sanjay Gandhi, wife of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, who has a net worth of Rs 37.68 crore. assets.
Jowai, Naitung 31: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Sta Nang Kiang Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
This will help build a strong and unique country,” Conrad said.
On this occasion, Bindo Lanong, Senior Working President of the UDP, said, “There is a time when he speaks nonsense”. If Mukul Sangma wants to increase tourism, he should first provide an airport at Umroi, then he should provide roads to Sohra, Dawki, as these roads are narrow. and then to provide adequate hotels for the tourists to have adequate accommodation.
These two players will also take part in the 46th Meghalaya State A Chess Championship 2023 which will be held at the Auditorium Hall, Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District from 21st to 22nd of this month. Ri-Bhoi District Chess Association RBDCA).
“About 300 people have joined Shamakami.
Shillong, Lber, 13: The Chief Conservator of the Forest Department, N. Luikham, who is also an officer of the Indian Forest Service (IFS), has committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence in Shillong. near Lady Keane College, Shillong.
“This is a shame and we are surprised because the border talks were held within the border of Meghalaya at Holy Cross Higher Secondary School in Umkiang,” said the KSU leader. While the media comes from Assam, there is no journalist from the state itself.
Latest reports said that some areas have been repaired but the NHAI workers have come to throw stones and soil, which has increased the traffic jam on the road and caused problems to the vehicles. .
Furthermore, the 8th National Ayurveda Day was celebrated with a yoga exercise and a march through the Ayurveda Day Rally and other programmes. These experts explained in detail the benefits of Ayurveda treatment in the lives of people.
There is no reason why the MP should come and talk to us, the people and the people.
He said that on July 8, 2015, the Tribal Affairs Department had sent a letter to the governments of Nagaland, Mizoram and Meghalaya, stating that the tribals can believe in any religion according to their wishes.
The contest will be between UDP candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah, former Meghalaya Minister Samlin Malngiang, National People's Party (NPP) candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah. Congress candidate Sandondor Ryntathiang of HSPDP, Seraph Eric Kharbuki of Bharatiya Janata Party and Stodingstar Thabah.
The Bible says,resist the devil and he’ll flee from you….
We should not listen now to the election campaigns of any party.
Have you ever wondered where this blindness comes from? Hast thou not changed the counting of the cows? The worst thing is that those who are related to the kur will believe that they are not from the same kur, but those who are not related will believe that they are from the same kur because they don't know who they are. but he was called a priest or a king.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: A Sumo has overturned at 3:30 pm in Quinine, Ribhoi district.
It is to be recalled that since the past few months, the office of the Deputy Commissioner and the Police Department of East Jaintia Hills District have urged the passengers who use this road to stay on the National Highway. to carry food and water in advance so that it will not cause problems as it is not known at what time there will be a traffic jam in the area due to the earthquake.
"It's too early to say anything," Rijiju said. "Shanmuganathan has resigned on his own initiative.
“That's right, son, but I personally want you to start with your own water,” said the father.
“These numbers hide the truth.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Conrad Kongkal Sangma, MP from Tura, who was elected by the National People's Party (NPP), was sworn in as a Member of Parliament today.
Nongstoiñ: The Border Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today, 12th March, 2013, as part of the efforts to strengthen the ownership of Hima land before the boundary demarcation. 4 Himas in the West Khasi Hills, which border with Assam.
There is no longer any understanding among the MDCs. This shows clearly that these leaders of ours do not have the strong thinking ability to think for the people.
We were summoned to the Police Station on the 13th June, 2022 and at this meeting it was decided that the members will meet Phermiki face to face on the 16th June, 2022 at the Police Station.
Jowai: The body of a Nigerian man found on the 11th of last month has been identified.
At the same time, the JAC urges the factory owners in Shahlang to take environmental protection measures as directed by the government and at the same time invites the leaders of the area to The role of promoting trade and income generation should not be limited to bishni or pihuin because it will not bring any benefit to the society.
These houses include Experience Suting to Cruchiel Suting in Pohskur and Iarli Mukhim to Lovely Suting in Khliehchem.
Beloved, know now, You have no more love of the Father, He sent His Son into the world, Sinners like us to save.
In the absence of Aadhar Number, they will receive only 10% SNP for infants and children under 6 years of age and pregnant mothers as well as those who are breastfeeding their children from Quarter you can't come.
If the truth can be verified, their wealth will be shiphew times what they declare.
The Government has allocated T.5000,000 to various groups especially women's organizations through the FOCUS scheme to help them to improve their activities and to strengthen their organization. increase in income and wealth.
The hearing started on the 14th of this month and ended today.
The residents of Iooksi Village Energy Committee under the leadership of M Syngkon Chairman and D.Nongrum have decided not to pay the bill light on the day scheduled by the office on you can turn off the bill light.
Besides, the government has also said that the spread of plastic and others pollutes the environment, so whether the smoke from the rnga mines and the landslides is good or not.
When the Church is governed by the People's Opinion, it shows that it is not the faith of the Word of God to the People's Opinion.
Don't waste your vote or you'll end up in poverty for three years.
Environmentalists and other civil society organizations have protested against the flooding of the Kanai and Mahadeo rivers in South Garo Hills due to the quarrying and quarrying of shyiap for the construction of the highway. and Baghmara to Ranikor in South West Khasi Hills.
Syngkon has sent a copy of the letter to the Minister of Electricity Clement Marak, Mawkhar MLA Roshan Warjri who is also the Minister of Home Affairs. Shillong, October 9: The Border Security Forces (BSF) have informed that more than 60 camps of insurgents from the North East are located in Bangladesh. The BSF has handed over the names of the hideouts to the Border Guards of Bangladesh (BGB) and has requested the Bangladesh Army to destroy the camp.
At the same time, the court has directed the state government to complete the repair of the Jowai Bypass within four months and announced that the hearing will be held again on the 6th of November. .
He also threatened that if the central government does not listen to this protest, the party will continue to protest to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya. .
“They just gave us their bio-data and nobody accepted it,” said the youths.
In one of the accidents, in this area on 30th July 2020, 2 persons lost their lives when a truck hit them, while another On 15th November 2013, a truck (ML 06 1123) collided with another truck and the driver of the truck sustained serious injuries and was admitted to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The NHAI/NHIDCL has built a road only for vehicles, not for water, because the road has been built on the label of the road and when the water comes from the hills, it rises from the top of the road. The reason for the deterioration of the road is due to the inadequate construction of the road by the NHAI. This deterioration of the road has affected the public, especially the school children, who pass through this road every day.
The main reason why the Seng Khasi Tyrsad has come forward to do such good deeds is that it has set itself the goal of helping others which is the work of God the Creator.
When the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo states were included in Meghalaya, the goal was that the Khasi language would stand firmly, while the Garo language would not be well known. that it will not rise in any direction.
Pala said these parties in the MDA government do not care about the teachers or the plight of the health workers who have had to take to the streets to demand their rights.
On the unemployed youth, he said that the government has created opportunities for the youth to start their own businesses by providing assistance in various fields.
South West Garo opened the scoring through Arando D. Sangma (2), but Sengcheng R. Marak converted the second goal for South West Garo in the minute. & 17 and Chedo N. Sangma (13) won the second prize.
Renaldi Dkhar from West Jaintia Hills and Angelina Jackson have also set the record as the fastest runners in the event. 100-meter dash.
Jowai, Naitung 08: The Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Umswai, West Karbi Anglong District, Assam has held a special program for the students of Class XI and XII of the school which was held on the 6th and date of May 2022.
The speaker and explainer of the program was Prof A Banshan Syiem Kharkongor, Department of History, Union Christian College (UCC).
When Deisy arrived at the taxi stand, Riia didn't want to go with her.
Jowai, June 01: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today. on June 10 at the Kiang Nangbha Stadium in Jowai.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The KSU South Khasi Hills (Sohra) has given its full support to the MCCEU, MCCL Sohra on the 26th of June as part of their protest to demand the payment of the salary has not been received for five months and also the inability to implement new machines till today.
The training program will start from the month of November on every Thursday and Saturday from 3 pm to 5 pm on Thursday and 8 pm to 10 pm on Saturday.
MEPA strongly condemns the behavior of the Minister especially his insults and remarks against journalist EM Jose.
It is not hidden that the RSS leader who visited Shillong recently, Mohan Bhagat, who was elderly and who said that all Indians are Hindus, was surprised. and against all these statements, because even the Constitution of India, in its Preamble, has clearly stated that India is for the benefit of all the people of the country. India is big, regardless of race or religion.
He said that there will be 4 employees to assist the people even to take them to the rooms of the CEM or EM. Only one or two days at the Council, the people have to spend time, fare even for 10 months and months to complete their work.
Thus we shall see that each nation will strive to breed only its own race in order to preserve its nation.
Shillong: The number of cases of coronavirus in the state has risen to 33 so far this morning.
Badal said the Act has completely destroyed the 50 years of hard work by various governments in Punjab to strengthen agriculture in the state.
He said that if the Pollution Board continues to hold the hearing, the association will oppose.
This award is known as the Proficiency Award.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), seat belts help reduce the number of deaths or injuries in car accidents by 25 percent.
On the 10th day of the launch of the scheme, 1.5 crore people have opened accounts.
Nadh jng sat down.
To ensure that the situation is monitored, the CM said that the government will provide security forces, and if necessary, it will request more security forces.
When asked, Kong Ampareen said; “We expect to be able to complete or terminate this phase today, but the new company is likely to take over full internal operations within the next couple of weeks.
There have been many demands from various groups to improve the quality of medicine.
They said that if this project succeeds, they will continue to other areas and that is to encourage the farmers to raise fish in the rice fields, so that they can get more fish. benefit and at the same time it will be a great blessing to the farmers.
Bah Denis fell to the ground unconscious with a lot of blood.
“I also want to see that all the seven MLAs from Jaintia Hills will win from the same flag in this election 2018 which did not happen in 1998,” he added.
“The DC said that outside the polling stations, screens will be installed to show the results so that the public gathering can be dispersed.
The festival, which attracts actors, filmmakers and directors from all over the world, is also one of the biggest film festivals in the world. This year, the festival will have many female directors participating.
The incident happened at 4 pm this morning and the murder was very serious, in which the husband stabbed his wife with knives, from the chest and abdomen. syngkai until it caused the woman to lose her own life.
It is learned that some UDP leaders want other ethnic parties like KHNAM, HSPDP and the newly formed PDF to unite if possible to support each other in the election. but the victory shall be with you.
The teachers have decided to hold a Peaceful March on the 16th at 9 pm at Mot Kiang Nangbah near Civil Hospital Shillong. to their protest.
Bah Ricky Majaw sent a clear statement to the teachers of the school that they should not threaten the students who come forward to tell the truth.
Jakrem Sports Club beat Marshillong Sports Club 6-0 in the opening match with Barisha Wahlang scoring the first goal of the match. Rosemerry Wahlang and Ibansuklin Syiemlieh scored 10 goals each.
He said that on the one hand, this is a mistake when he says something that is not just to mislead the people.
He admitted that Bah Pynshngain's statement that the PDF will withdraw from the MDA government has already been arranged in the party.
If there are works that have been done, these can continue".
In the meeting with the village leaders, they said that they are still in trouble and unhappy that if the Government cannot set up the BOP until the end of the village boundary it makes no sense.
Pragya has not spoken publicly about the BJP's plan, but has spoken to her close followers and trusted BJP workers. last month, alleging that the late Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar was punished by God for allowing the sale and consumption of beef in the state.
The match between the two teams ended without anyone scoring.
“The Meghalaya TMC will continue to be the voice of the people of Meghalaya,” the party said.
The KSU said that the man robbed his wife from Amlarem and took her in a car and shot and bombed her until she sustained serious injuries.
The match tomorrow will be between Royal Wahingdoh and Nangkiew Irat at 4 pm.
These traditional games include Mawpoiñ from Khasi Hills, Rah Maw or Rah Moo Khrah from Jaintia Hills and Wa'pong Sika from Garo Hills.
The suspect is from Alooguti Chhar village in Barpeta.
He said that the residents of Tura used to visit the resort every weekend for dinner and overnight stay.
He said that SURE is a NGO which has gone ahead to educate and train the residents on how to turn garbage into wealth.
“I don't think that the people who have witnessed the infiltration of foreigners in their jobs will sit idly by if the leaders are arrested,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Even those of us who are far away are sick of heart when we see the slaughter of our fellow human beings.
On this occasion, Bah Binong, as the father of the family, and those who belong to low income families, has requested the government authorities and also the MLA of Nongpoh to provide with the resources so that as a household it can stand again.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today convened a meeting of Chief Health Officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in the presence of Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, to discuss measures to strengthen the and enhance health facility service offerings within the State.
According to Bah Khlur, the rule within the KHADC should be given to the group with the majority, as stipulated by the Constitution.
No one is allowed to leave the homes or offices of the Shnong Officers.
Sd/- A.Nongrum, MLA.Sd/- H.S.Shylla, Ex-MLA.Sd/- Charlie J.Rani.
They said that the Chief Campaigner or Chief Preacher of the Campaign for Change is Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, besides him there are other preachers.
The second match of the day will be between Maw-U-Tieng and Lumparing Sports Club at 4.15 PM.
Four elders were shot dead in Langpih in 2010, without any fighting during the tenure of CM Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The Sabbath was God's before He created man (Adam).
Look at the government employees, the pay commission in the state government does not happen as often as the groups under the central government, but they continue to do their jobs.
“Sometimes in this age there is a misunderstanding because in the name of the nation, sometimes we feel that these old people, our leaders have not contributed anything to the nation.
When buying fish from a distance, it is necessary to ensure that the packaging machines are working properly or that the packaging material used is well covered with the fish box.
If there are no farmers, I don't know what will happen during this lockdown. However, due to the large number of farmers, there is a shortage of rice despite the lockdown, but what is a little more difficult is to transport the stock from one state to another due to the lockdown.
All kingdoms shall serve and obey him" Daniel 7:27 / Revelation 14:6-9
Shillong: Amanda Pakyntein, wife of MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh, has decided not to contest the MDC election from Mawkynrew constituency. ) on June 27th of this year.
Almost all of the people who attended the meeting went ahead and about 50 people were left behind, and at that time in the afternoon it started to rain.
“If it lasted only 10 minutes, all the houses in the village would have been destroyed,” he said. The incident happened between 3:30pm and 4:00pm. slap and tied the pyrthat all night.
Besides the Minister of Education, the meeting was attended by Dr. AP Syiem, District School Education Officer, Dr. BDR Tiwari, IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Education Department, Meghalaya, Dr. RM Kurbah, IAS, Director of School Education. Amlarem Sub-Division SDO Amlarem Sub-Division, BDO Dr.D Lyngdoh, Umladkhur Village Leaders and others RM Kurbah, IAS, in her speech said: The residential schools are available from class 6 to class 12 and fall under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Tribal Affairs which aims to provide free education specifically for the Scheduled Tribals (STs) living in India.
In the last quarter final match between the two teams, Boca Junior took the lead by 1 goal at the beginning of the first half. Rajib Marak scored the first goal in the 11th minute and Laban couldn't turn the tide until the end of the first half.
Some of the students who were writing examinations were stuck in the road accident, but the police have provided assistance to them.
Shillong: The Congress party has lost two seats in the mid-term elections from three constituencies, Mawryngkneng and Rajabala constituencies. NPP) has won these two constituencies from the Congress.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21 : Meghalaya continued to win the Vijay Hazare Trophy by 296 runs against Rajasthan on Monday in Kolkata.
We also urge the Sordar Shnongs and landowners of these areas to cancel such NOCs which have allowed UCIL personnel to survey uranium from March 2015 to July 2016 as this will be a threat to the Jaitbynriew" said the statement.
The court said the Meghalaya Advocate General has already informed that a thorough investigation into the case is ongoing with the Assam police and measures have been taken to track down the suspects and to bring them into severe punishment.
His friend was identified as Khrehkynsai Shylla, a security guard at NEIGHRIM. Both of them are from Iooksi village, West Jaintia Hills.
On the occasion, a tree planting program was held in various villages in the area and after that a drawing competition, exhibition and other activities were held. .
Or that the body of your brother shall be brought home only after he has been buried.
He said that the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong has requested the contractor to cover up and do better and for a while he started doing it and stopped and started again and stopped.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 192 cases in Golflink Cluster 4, Health Worker 8, Jongksha Cluster 3, Laitlyngdop Cluster 3, Laitumkhrah Cluster 8, Lumparing Cluster 3, Malki Cluster 3, Marbaniang Sadew 4, Mawk Cluster Cluster 25, Mawpat Cluster 3, Mawphlang Cluster 4, Mylliem Khatar Mer Cluster 5, Nongrah Cluster 6, Nongthymmai Cluster 8, Pynursla Cluster 9, Sadew Khliehshnong Cluster 6, Sohra Cluster 21, Uluster 1, Shillong Umpling Cluster .
Let us look at some of the reasons that prove the division of our country and nation.
“Since I was elected MDC three times, I have never held EM once because I don't want to fight, even though I am older than others,” said Bah Khan. There have been cases where the party has proposed his name to take over the post of CEM in KHADC, but he has had to resign to allow others.
The Khynroo Khyllood Committee SKSR 12-Daloi invites all the children of the Hynniewtrep people from the 12-Daloi and 30 Syiems to attend this first tournament of the youth of the Seiñ Kyntu. 12-Daloi Rice Chain.
The most important of the authorities of the Chief Minister HS Shylla in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, is that the Seng Khasi has been appointed as a legally recognized shlem in the state for the purpose of conducting marriage. and Tangjait according to the traditional customs of the Khasi.
According to sources, the incident happened at midnight on Saturday and the bodies of the two men from Umden La-ang village, who were identified as Lal Lapang (64) and Pian Namsaw (44) were found dead at 8:30 pm on Sunday morning.
Among them, including Slalomcoach @ajeetbajaj8848 @okentayeng , Army officials, local entrepreneurs and tourists.
“The children started training at the training ground, with Igor along with Tomislav (Rogic) and Luka (Radman) to lead.
The day was enriched by various songs and dances performed by the students of the school.
They said that this rice has been mixed with the rice that is eaten by the public and they said that the rice has been mixed in such a way that it will not be recognized at all, because they mix more rice than he ate the crowd.
Make sure that you need to do something at home during these times rather than just sitting around all day.
Leaders of various parties including BJP, UDP, NPP and Congress will visit Shella to campaign for their candidates.
On the other hand, SP Kharkrang said that due to the help of the people to extinguish the fire, no casualties were reported.
Whatever happens, they have to leave to work and their children have to drop out of school.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today directed the BDO of Mylliem, Bah PT Passah to inspect the site for the proposed office of Mawlai Block.
Besides the recent tournament in New Delhi, Shanborlang Marbaniang, Elbin Rani and Rapborsing Kharbani are currently preparing to compete in the upcoming Pro Boxing Fight Night. in Gujarat.
They have also conquered these Khasi countries of ours and have converted many who are mentally and physically weak and superstitious.
Kim's appearance was that he opened a fertilizer factory on June 1, 2020, after a 20-day absence that sparked many statements that Kim, he is dead.
AIS SujaThe Gospel was not finished preaching in Israel until the coming of Jesus to this world.
He also condemned the construction of the Forest Beat House without the permission of the District Council. He said that Mukroh village is not a border area but is still under the jurisdiction of the Forest Beat House. Regarding the donation to the families of those who have lost their loved ones, u Thombor Shiwat said that the Council will provide as much assistance as possible to these families. also as a sign of sympathy.
In fact, the party in a small capacity has distributed foodgrains to some of the families of Iooksi village, who live in Umdiling, Shiliang Masar and KyanMasar, but we are surprised to see the news from the Rangbah. Village.
He said that such incidents have happened in many places and there are also places where people have lost their loved ones or lives.
Gogoi arrives in Delhi to meet with Sonia Gandhi, the party's chief leader, to submit her resignation letter and for her to appoint a new post. , which he should do.
Therefore, we must stand together as citizens and fight against them.
Constan Thubru Adviser Union Waheh Shnong of Mynsngat Khanduli Area said that the village has already nominated Dawan Lyngdoh as MDC for this election. He will contest the MLA election in
These batsmen include Yugandhar (55 runs), Seyievizo Zaputou (77 runs) and Samir Ali (48 runs).
The letter was also sent to the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly and the office of the Chief Election Commissioner of India.
May my soul rest in eternal rest.
The new office has its own newsroom, living room and working rooms for journalists along with an internet network.
Bah Metbah also promised that they will continue to honor those other heroes who took part in the hill state struggle in their respective districts.
The Jowai MLA said that in the estimate, only the road under the jurisdiction of the PWD Central Division has suffered T.2.8 crore, the PWD North Division T.3.5 crore, the PWD South Division T.3.5 crore. 1.8 crore.
On the other hand, two others who are still undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital, Shillong have recovered and have been shifted to a better hospital and to their village.
For medical emergencies or medical treatment, you must apply online or submit your application to the District Magistrate.
Thomas Sangma has filed his nomination papers before the Commissioner & Secretary of the Assembly Dr Andrew Simons at the Assembly Secretariat for the election to be held on the 9th of this month.
Kurs, villages, religions, churches cannot walk freely at will, to do whatever they please without the permission of the mother which is the law of the government.
“If the government does not amend this Reservation Policy, it will be a great loss especially for us young people”.
Speech was delivered by Bah Commander Shangpliang who expressed the problem of the filmmakers because they don't have their own hall but they have to show in the village halls.
Shillong, Nailur : The Dorbar Shnong Nongrim Hills, Shillong has elected its new office bearers at its meeting held on the 10th of this month.
Those who love to read, those who love to listen, will never tire, for they are spiritual food, which will build up true Christianity.
“So we have already prepared how to arrest our MLAs.
“But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you; and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
In the meeting on the 8th of this month, the union demanded that he should provide the necessary documents within 5 days, but even after the closure today, it was found that not only no foreign worker has these documents.
In response to this situation, due to fear of insecurity, the drivers of trucks carrying umphiang and tyndong lyer shet jingshet have decided to stop entering Meghalaya.
“I have told the CEM that the district council should write to the state government and even to the central government and to the MP that the Scheduled Tribes certificate should be issued by the district council,” he said. Adelbert.
He said that the government has no discrimination against any group whether it is from Garo Hills or Khasi Hills.
Fortunately, the thief escaped death at the hands of the people, after a while he was arrested by the Umsning Out Post Police and taken to the police station for further investigation.
Manthan Gupta was named Player of the Match with his score of 3/23 in the first innings.
Teibor Lamare scored the first goal in the 47th minute.
There are 241 recoveries and five deaths, one from Ribhoi and four from East Khasi Hills.
If no one comes, the body will be handed over to the Shillong Municipal Board for burial.
The video shows that the incident happened while Yadav was speaking in public today when the rynsan collapsed and he fell into the top of the rynsan. Yadav was arrested.
He said that these allegations are to insult the BJP and Bernard Marak, State Vice President & Convener of Garo Hills, as he is well known in Garo Hills, especially in Tura South.
The leader should not show too much sadness or anger to the people he is leading this will discourage those who are led, he should show a happy face and should take part in the problems of the people. and he must be the one who demonstrates his success as a great leader.
The Bri u Hynniew Trep will no longer see the return of the Riewlum parties to rule the state in the near or distant future.
The KSU Leader said that the use of money in the elections is the main reason why the State cannot produce qualified Legislators or Statesman. through money, the rule of law is no longer about laws but about business".
He said that people should not go to and from crowded places and those who are 45 years old and above should be injected.
“Because of the large number of complaints, the Government of India has asked the Court for time to respond,” he said.
The distribution of these M-Tabs was attended by the Deputy Commissioner, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, BDO Mairang Block, Dr LR Hynniewta, Sub-Divisional School Officer, Mairang. , Bah J. Thyrniang and others.
The Khasi language is rich if we take it from other languages ​​spoken by the people across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, said Bah Mohrmen.
He also led the state team Meghalaya in the U-16 category.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction to see that this place is suitable for holding such sports events which is also part of attracting tourists. He said that the government will provide assistance to the village to improve and promote this sport in the state and promised to provide a mobile network in the village.
Six minutes later, Ïaiphyrnai turned the tide through Banlam Kharakor for the first goal.
Lyngdoh said that the meeting was held by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, in which the states were informed that the new outbreak of Covid-19 is not too serious. She added that Meghalaya has enough ICU beds, oxygen supplies and did not elaborate on the problem.
The cause of the fire is suspected to be an electrical fault.
Dr.Rev.Jyrwa also expressed his appreciation for the involvement of the university and the community in various programs in the state which has helped not only the students but also the community. whole.
Kumar Sarvajeet has been contested from Gaya, Shravan Kushwaha from Nawada, Archana Ravidas from Jamui and Abhay Kumar Kushwaha from Aurangabad.
He was shot dead in Lachit Nagar of Ulubari, while another sustained injuries to his leg.
A language that they did not learn to read or write.
D.Shabong explained about the POSCO Act which prohibits violence against children.
According to a source, the incident happened on the 15th of this month when the suspect committed the robbery inside the residence of This is a small child who lives in Mawlangsu.
In East Jaintia Hills, the idols were immersed in the Umsalieh River, the road leading to Rymbai village.
“The people of Selsella have taught me about politics, I have gained a lot of knowledge in politics here,” he said. the problem of Cell.
These days we see that it is true that many people look at and hold on to the mistakes or shortcomings of others and this causes many to lose the better benefits and sorrows. and despise one another.
Speaking to reporters, the Assistant Secretary of the Seng, Samla Tyllibor Swer, said that in fact the Seng had planned to meet with the Commissioner of Transport but as he was not available, he was unable to meet. contact one of the officers of the department to inquire about the release of advertisement.
Shillong, Jymmang, 20: A Khasi woman, Kong Bek Khongngaiñ, 58, was shot dead by a foreigner on Saturday while she was shopping in Ïewduh. parts of the head and struck it from the shadow.
At that time, Shillong was overcrowded with traffic.
The drug dealer was identified as Shokhothang Touthang, 41, of East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanao.
Tanly Lapasam received the award and was accompanied by Dr. R Suchiang, Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Specialist, Agriculture Center, Jaintia Hills.
Bryan Mac Millan Marbaniang top scored for Friends United CC with 27 runs from 23 balls while Khrawkupar Kharumnuid took two wickets and scored 11 runs in four overs. Thangsning SCC: Badap Pura Nongkhlaw scored 39 runs for the loss of five wickets in 15.5 overs. Badap Pura Nongkhlaw scored 39 runs off 38 balls. Wansiewdor Lyndem took three wickets for 14 runs in three overs for Friends United CC. Khrawkupar Kharumnuid was named Player of the Match.
Akbar has filed a defamation case against Priya Ramani, who alleged that Akbar had assaulted her with the intention of defaming her.
“It would be a great pride if my children could come to study here, but it is sad that my children have grown up and now they are in other places,” he said. said Renik.
He said that the works that the border villages have been able to implement under this scheme range from the construction of roads, schools, community halls and other development works related to the people.
He said that at this meeting it was decided that the Dorbar Pyllun will be held on the 18th of this month.
The DC has informed all the doctors and officers who conducted the post mortem, the Saipung Police Station, the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong of Thuruk Village and all those involved in the incident to come to the scene. The Addl.CS of Assam will visit the area at the appointed time.
During the search of the vehicle, the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad of Shillong recovered an IED bomb.
On the other hand, the KSU Delhi Unit strongly condemns this act of violence and at the same time the KSU Delhi Unit urges the youth women and men to be sure and check before going to work for any job. KSU Delhi Vice President Wallam Nongsiej said in a statement.
Prof Albert said that initially she will prepare a map to find suitable health centres, to provide staff, doctors and specialists in various fields.
Regarding the bad road, the leadership of RBYF Umtrai Circle led by the General Secretary, Bah Wanphai Lyngkring and members, went to meet the Executive. Engineer of PWD Umsning Division, in reply that the reason for the failure to repair the road is due to the lack of funds by the state government.
He said that if the MDA Government wants the honor, take it, but make sure that they should not play with the lives of the youth and not play with their future.
Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP Ri Bhoi and Bah Gabriel Sun, Education Secretary, expressed their deep sorrow over the complaint of these contractors. It will be only for those who have a relationship with Ministers or MLAs, but who have no relationship, which means that they do not get any jobs, even when government departments have released any tenders.
Last month, Martin M Danggo resigned from the Congress MLA post to open the way for him to contest the mid-term elections from Ranikor.
Shillong, July 9: U Rimpu Marak, Chairman of the ANVC (B) on Friday lodged an FIR against the Superintendent of Police (SP) of West Garo Hills District, Mukesh Kumar Singh. charged with trespassing, threatening and destroying a pasture and disturbing squatting youth besides attempting to take the lives of farm residents using firearms.
He said that when the union visited Mawthabah, it found that there were many children with disabilities, because of the impact of this mineral. drill has affected so many.
Prestone said he and other Congress MLAs left the Congress because of the distrust and distrust of the AICC leaders. Before the last MLA elections, we lost many MLAs,” he said.
“During my term, we will continue to work together to play the right role in enhancing relations between Thailand and India,” said VC Shillong, June 08: The Central Government's budget has allowed the Meghalaya government to borrow up to Rs 192 crore for the transformation of the electricity sector.
“Perhaps it is because the opposition parties like Conrad Sangma and Dr. Mukul Sangma are afraid and now they are trying to protect by preventing Modi from campaigning in Tura, this is democracy”.
Therefore, the early completion of this scheme is very important.
These two themes are relevant when we see that India is one of the leading countries in adopting sustainability practices.
Shillong, June 10: The DGP of Meghalaya, Rajeev Mehta, on Tuesday said that the police will not hesitate to fight against insurgents in the state and will continue to crack down.
“No one has informed the village from the KHADC,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawdatbaki.
The election of office bearers was held on the 3rd of November at the Infinity Conference Hall, Mooralong, Jowai.
The union does not want to challenge the low price of T.18 crore of the company if it will benefit the state government, but the quality of the work should not be compromised.
On the other hand, the union said that those who came to break the child are those who don't have a human soul, but have an evil spirit who are willing to break their own child.
The Kur Wahlang Dorbar has issued several resolutions that the Kur Wahlang supports the unity of the Kur and the Hynniewtrep-Hynniewskum people and does not support the attempts to bring about the unity of the Kur and the Hynniewtrep-Hynniewskum people. differences in the faith and worship of God, marriage, or in the place of residence, or in the manner of speaking the Khasi language.
When we have paid we have to go back to our house, so the life of a blind man is like that because we have to go back to our master's house.
On the occasion of the 10th Anniversary of the organization, the group also honored four furniture workers who have been more experienced in their work and who have been more experienced in the card.
There are many Umsoh and Waiñ production plants in the world.
She was an elderly woman who used to travel a lot and died in Ahmedabad.
Pohthmi said that Stephan Mukhim has received the support of former War Jaintia MLA Riang Lenon Tariang, Congress MDC Holando Lamin and Lahkmen, former BJP president Por Pakyntein. Everest Langstang and others.
Now it is the turn of the Mizos, when they have made it clear that those Mizo women who marry Dkhars will lose their right to become Scheduled Tribes.
The Syiem said that from Kyrshai to Langpih, if you are strong enough to walk, it takes three to seven hours.
I don't know, is it true that Amit Shah is right, or is it just our leaders? It is not yet possible to say that.
According to the Excise Department, in East Khasi Hills alone, there are about 93 winestores, 25 bars and discos in Shillong.
“This is very dangerous especially for those who walk and stand, because even in the morning, the places where garbage is thrown especially in Motphran, where these people come to throw injection needles,” he said. , Mr. Gee added.
Khliehriat, November 8: The Meghalaya High Court in a recent order has charged the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District under the Rule of Contempt The Full Bench of the High Court has issued this order on the basis of a report sent by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District regarding the illegal mining and trade of coal in the district. and the damage to the Liat Prah Crematorium in East Jaintia Hills District due to the mining of coal in the area.
Besides, the BJP leader said that the BJP is well prepared to contest the election.
It is highly suspected that it may have been caused by an electrical fault.
It was not until 1948 AD that God allowed them to return to their homeland of Israel.
The KJDSTA said that if you move school from class IX onwards or move examination center from one place to another, you need to apply for permission from the MBOSE by paying up to T.500 each.
Four candidates have appeared who intend to apply for Congress ticket in Pynursla, two of whom are women and two men.
The Seng Longkmie Umran Dairy has held a meeting of the Longkmie where more than 1000 Longkmie from Umran Village have come to take part in this meeting to discuss the purchase of the farm by the Assam Rifle. The land for the construction of a hospital and a school.
In 1857 the war broke out.
Therefore, parents should not misunderstand but should encourage their children to pursue their studies so that their future will be bright because in such schools they will get many opportunities. teachings related to morality, customs, knowledge and others, especially to know God.
In the final of the men's category, Wapung Block beat Lumshnong Block 3-1
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Teinwel said, “I have informed you that there will be a meeting today, after they have given the deadline yesterday”.
The Director General of Police (DGP), Dr Lajja Ram Bishnoi, said that the police department is seeking reports from the districts to verify the information that indicates that there is an attempt to revive the group. The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
In fact, the UDP has admitted that it has sent a letter to them earlier to support the party's candidate for the upcoming MP elections.
“I think this scheme provides assistance of about T.20 lakh and they have to have a group and here too there are many Self Help Groups (SHGs)”.
However, the most shocking news for the state is that Meghalaya is also a state that is working on development projects without receiving funds.
The other one from Sohra said that the one who had lost was the one who had lost.
Furthermore, the Dorbar Shnongs or Local Clubs should take responsibility for the approval of applications and send them to the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District. on or before November 30, 2020 to avoid any delay in the distribution of food and beverages as well as fuel.
In a statement sent by the Seng today, it said that during the inspection, the Seng found that the toilets of the men and women players were neglected. there is no water.
At the same time, they should check their health. If they have any symptoms of fever, chills and difficulty in breathing, they should immediately inform the District Control Room No. .03638232028/1077 and Health Helpline No.
The men's semi-final will be played on the 17th and the final on the 22nd at 4 pm.
“We need to turn to the public meetings, enough discussions in the House so that we can show the Government of India that the recognition of the Khasi language is a long-standing dream of the people,” she said. .
Look at the signs or symbols and know what they mean or what they mean or what they have to explain.
The Executive Engineer has already received the T.30,000 from the contractor as agreed but she has refused to release the bill because she wants to pay. increase.
The reason is that even in the Dorbar Shnongs, women cannot participate in the positions of Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong or Executive Member.
He said that this religion of the Hima is not only for the Syiem but for the Hima and all the children of the Hima to be healthy, income, agriculture, They are filled with the blessings of God the Creator.
On the same day, the KSU Bengaluru Unit held the 3rd Meghalaya Cultural Program where the KSU Bengaluru Unit swore in the new office bearers of these two offices in Karnataka. Samla James Hitler Mawphniang, Asst.General Secretary of KSU-CEC, was appointed as Asst.General Secretary of KSU-CEC. Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary, KSU-CEC was the Chief Guest in the presence of Kong Ngaitlang Mary Tariang, Asst.Professor, Christ (Deemed) University, Bengaluru, Rev. A. Nongrum, Pastor in charge of KSU Bengaluru, Samla Pynshai Iawphniaw, Adviser of KSU Bengaluru Unit.
So far, 19646 samples have been tested, 19404 negative, 189 awaiting results, 55 positive and 42 positive. One person has died and 12 people are still infected.
There are currently 41 cases of coronavirus in the state.
Of these, 339 are male candidates and 36 are female candidates.
Recalling the CCA protest, Them Metor, he said that although the media from the north came here to get information about the CCA and Them Metor, but when they asked questions, and when explained about the situation, However, the speeches of the indigenous people themselves do not reach anywhere because they do not produce more, but they produce well only from the foreign side.
When asked about the People's Democratic Front (PDF), the new political party which has been rumored to be his party, Pynshngaiñ said, “Wait until November, you will see”.
Tripura, Mizoram, Silchar and other vehicles coming from Guwahati were traveling on the road in violation of the curfew called by the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi district. against the government ordinance on Rangbah Shnong.
In North Garo Hills, there are 2 CRPF personnel, in Ri Bhoi 9 civilians, in West Garo Hills 34 personnel including 8 BSF personnel and 26 civilians.
A key point also mentions that before June 2022 about 25% of government vehicles used for public purposes should be fully accessible for persons with disabilities but as we Although many people with disabilities have longed for a long time to have special vehicles in Meghalaya, no signs have been seen.
Romans 11:1-36; 2 Corinthians 5:16-21.
It was under her leadership that together with the residents of the area and members of the Jaintia Welfare Union, the project to build a military base between many villages was implemented.
“We are pleased to say that we have to discuss the necessary issues, we have to look at the advantages and disadvantages especially in the tourism industry if we implement the Inner Line Permit because it will affect the On the other hand, Sinha said that the tourism industry will be affected if the ILP is implemented. In fact, the BJP understands that it needs to protect the uniqueness of the nation, its way of life and at the same time to look after the economic development of the state.
Introvert : you are an introvert; man is a living creature that is more intelligent than animals, birds and flesh.
Therefore, the UBCC invites all the youth and women to come out on this day. Although the departure of the MLA has discouraged many, the party will work hard to win the election. this coming election.
By Bah Philip MarweiñThe Parliament of Farmers was held for the first time on November 4 and 5, 2018 at the Convention Centre, Shillong, with the participation of about 400 farmers from Khasi Hills. they participated.
Shillong, June 26: The Meghalaya Joint Council of Trade Unions and Associations (MJCTU&A) has expressed its concern over the Government's failure to implement the pending demands of the Adhoc School Teachers of the State.
“You have lost a great leader and so have we.
That’s why you need to upgrade each and every apps.
“For example, the NPP party in 2013 had only two MLAs, but now it has more than 20 MLAs and the Congress has hope,” he said.
To rebuild a devastated and deserted City and Empire is no light task, it is the heaviest burden.
The Dorbar Khynnah was launched in this village on 22nd June,
Time doesn't wait for anyone, it's set all the time and it's moving forward, surprise people now"
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA congratulated the Rangbah Shnongs for taking the initiative to cooperate with the government in the fight against the spread of Corona virus. This donation is small, but it is a sign of appreciation for your hard work in your community.
They said that they have heard from their friends that the present government has allocated assistance to all the farmers who have been affected by the natural disasters, but they have not received any assistance. .
But here it cannot be that the LAND will be from PALESTINE, because that false Christ is now a Russian Jew or a Russian Jew.
We must do something in terms of improving our agriculture.
The complaints of the passengers were about the handcuffs and many snowdrifts besides the snowfall along the road which has disrupted the traffic.
We firmly believe that this victory of this woman is an encouragement to the people of Shillong not to be afraid.
They’re but to do and die).
“We have received information or references about a child who tells about Bah Phermeki Salahe and says that he is a skilled shooter and his village is from Dkhiah West, East Jaintia Hills. to contact you and send you to the office.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) War Jaintia Hills District on Saturday vowed to lodge a complaint with the National Highway Authority (JAC) War Jaintia Hills District. The court against Dhar Construction Company (DCC).
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29 : The Kyrdem Sports Social and Cultural Club on Saturday opened the 1st Open to All Knockout Football Tournament 2023 which was held at Madan. football match at Kyrdem village in Ri Bhoi District.
At the same time, NESO urged all ethnic groups to maintain peace and respect the relationship that has been built from generation to generation.
In the second half, Mookyrdup beat Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 7-0 with goals scored by Gentes Tariang in the 12th and 40th minutes, August Surong in the 42nd minute and Hamsilet Lakuna. in the 46th minute, Kynmole June Kyndait in the 50th, 57th & 59th minutes.
After the second half, these teams continued to fight hard and especially Oste Phi Oiñ-B who still needed to turn around.
Ma Lyngkor Kynjing during the distribution of these masks urged all truck drivers and employees of FCI to wear masks to protect themselves from the spread of COVID-1
The MDC said it is the duty of the Development Committee to look after the work as it is the village that will benefit and it has been implemented by taking loans.
On the other hand, the President of the UDP said that the party will continue to support Bah Pynshngain as CEM of KHADC if he works as he does now. and the consensus of all those in power.
At the General Council, which was held at Umsning Auditorium Hall, many issues were discussed for the development of sports activities in the district, ranging from Athletics, Football and others. types of games.
The fighting was between two armies of two army chiefs who have been in power since 2021, Sudan's army chief Abdel Fattah al-Burhan and the army chief. Mohamed Hamdan Daglo, commander of the Rapid Support Forces (RSF).
These people have such an attitude by setting up a liquor shop inside the area, because most of the time the presence of liquor shops destroys the youth and also brings about the The RBYWO leaders urged the residents, women's organizations and At the same time, the Seng has warned the Village Leaders, Raid Leaders to protest against the plan of the robbers to set up liquor shops in the area. Shillong, Nailar 12: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Raid Nongtung Circle today held a meeting to discuss the issue of NOC to those who intend to open kyiad shops in the area. He met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri to discuss the issues on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The Government of Meghalaya has filed an appeal before the Supreme Court against the order of the Meghalaya High Court, which has suspended the social agreement on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Once the census is completed, the beneficiaries of the Food Security Scheme will be based on this list, he said.
The founders expressed their gratitude to Dr.K Venkata Rao, Dy Director MGIRI and his team as well as to the Department of Commerce and Industries.
After the meeting with the DC, the leaders asked for clarification on the reason for the delay in the payment of the money. The DC said that there is no money now and everything depends on the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) and the authorities. and the strike of the drivers and demanded 15 days to complete the payment of these drivers and shopkeepers during the elections. The authorities cannot pay within 15 days, they have to take responsibility if anything happens.
Wealth should not be concentrated in one place, but all citizens should share and participate in the trade.
Yogesh Tiwari scored 30 runs and Anish Charak 28 runs.
Shillong, July 23: On the allegation by the opposition that the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly is biased, Bah HS Shylla MDC of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today said, “If the MDCs UDP, HSPDP , Independent and Congress, have reached 15 members on 22nd July 2017, they have not asked for a reason for the Chairman, they have congratulated him.
In addition, the Pharmacist in charge of the pharmacy has informed the relevant authorities for the purpose of cleaning up the expired medicines, and the disposal of the medicines was done on 29th July. , 2023.
On education, he said he will try to upgrade Mawlai Christian College to Mawlai People's College and to upgrade secondary schools to Higher Secondary Schools.
All voters are encouraged and urged to come out in full to participate in the polling on the 27th June, 2023 as a sign of fulfilling their rights and duties.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire. Revelation 20:11-1
I started meeting Readington Marwein in 1989 or 1990 because I had a Rupang office in Mawkhar and Reading had a small press above our office. I used to go to the press to print the headings of the newspapers, because at that time, we worked with electronic type.
Nongpoh, July 26: To encourage the students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations, the village of Ñiangbari Them in Ri-Bhoi District has honored 9 students from Ri-Bhoi. to encourage them to continue to do well in higher education.
With this victory, Salaroh will play against Rymbai Shkenshynriah FC in the second semifinal while Mukhla will play against Diengshynrum in the first semifinal.
India is in the case of progressive development now.
He is said to be waiting for the signal from the AICC before doing so.
“We will fight alone without any alliance with other political parties,” said Bah Shibun.
The injured were identified as Sarosh Islam, 18, who lost his right hand and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
In another incident, BSF personnel in Chokpot have arrested two persons identified as Raksonga Momin, 31 and Medilin Ch Momin, 18 years old. blast.
It has been reported that there are many motion pictures and speeches describing fraudulent financial or investment practices using technological powers, in which the voice and image of Ashishkumar Chauhan is used, MD & CEO NSE. It was found that these images were created using modern technology to imitate the voice and image of Ashishkumar Chauhan, MD & CEO NSE. investors to be vigilant and not to believe these sounds and images and not to follow such explanations to invest or invest or any explanations that they You can download these videos or advertise them.
SDO – +918822922422, Sub-Inspectors – 8414806738/9436110184/8731025753 lane Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
The company has 22 offices including 17 in Chennai, four in Aruppukottai (Virudhunagar district) and one in Katpadi (Vellore).
The bodies of those identified were transported by the DC's office to their homes for last rites.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday held a condolence meeting at Pynursla today in connection with the shooting death of Bah (L) Roning Nongkynrih by the BSF. midnight Wednesday.
Mathias Mynsong, Secretary Mawhati Constituency Political Committee, Ynda Lawai, Vice-President UDP Ri Bhoi District. and Mawhati, where they joined the Party with their followers.
Before the opening ceremony, a prayer was offered by Fr. Edwin Kahit who blessed that the presence of the statue will bring peace to the residents.
However, Dr Don said it is surprising that the government has admitted that this Act is still in force and has its powers, when more than a year has passed, it has not. works at all.
“The government is like a flood that has come to sweep away our nation and if we stand up by joining hands, the pride of the government is like a flood that will never sweep us away. The 6th Schedule has been introduced to cover all these issues but the District Council has been established. The CEM said that the government does not understand how to make laws and this is evident through the issuance of many laws which affect the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. The laws banning quarrying, banning double jobs, banning coal mining and others, and that government does not understand its own culture because it has just made laws for Assam and Bihar in Meghalaya.
“We can see with our own eyes how the land owners of this state have become low paid in their own land due to the infiltration of foreigners.
“There are church groups who have come to meet me but have refused to receive assistance through the government scheme,” said Bah PT Sawkmie. government they get is also bad and this is only due to the misunderstanding of the people.
Leviticus 23:26-32.
According to the Sirdar of Dwara Hima, Bah Arwanphai, the CEM has informed that he will convene a meeting on the 22nd of this month to discuss with all the farmers of the two villages.
K King; Mawshynrut and Mr. Ledrickson Shyron; Nongstoin and Shri Rolland Mawsor; Queen and Mr. Priston; Mawkyrwat and Shri Drostarland Lyngdoh; Nartiang to Shri Neverwell Kharbithai; Jowai and Shri Ranold Passah; Rallyang and Shri Chandbor Sunoh; Shri Shaphrang Lyngdoh and 17 others from Jaintia Hills, Bhoi and Garo Hills.
In Ribhoi, there are 65 cases, in Iew Mawlong, 13 cases, in Jyntru 6 cases, in St Claret 15 cases and in Umden
All students of each school will reach the same Board.
The meeting was conducted by the President of Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Deibormi Syad.
East Jaintia Hills Police on Monday seized 4135 bottles of 100 ml of illegally counted phensedyl. Codeine has been seized from a petrol truck which overturned on the NH-06 in Umtyra village since the morning of the 17th of this month and the suspect has been arrested.
“In these days, many of the diseases that affect human beings cannot be explained whether they come from the air, from food or from other sources.” “Turn to traditional farming which is a great benefit to health,” said Kong Lyngdoh.
On the part of Ms. Rinibeth Patlong, Program Manager of MCSWA TI-CC, she explained about the problems that can arise from alcohol abuse and also explained about the treatment options for patients who are addicted to alcohol. such are these evils.
Shillong, June 24: The Executive Committee (EC) of the UDP Youth Wing, Mawkyrwat Circle has expressed its commitment to promote tourism in the Mawkyrwat area.
Meghalaya came second in the Santosh Trophy last year, but this time they have scored only two points after beating Kerala and Goa this evening.
On the other hand, the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Affairs, Deborah C Marak, said that the slaughterhouse at Mawlai Mawiong will be completed before October
In a letter to the SP of East Khasi Hills, the chairperson of East Khasi Hills, Meena Kharkongor, said that the OC of Mawryngkneng has shown disregard for the incident by not registering a complaint when the child's family members left. to tell the story.
Scholars say that Nehemiah and Ezra were the great thinkers who restored and rebuilt the city of Jerusalem and the kingdom of Judah.
The incident happened on Tuesday night at Lad Sharai near Mawlein-Mawkhan village, Ri Bhoi District. Three persons suddenly came and tried to attack, while the cow breeders were trying to question the drivers of a truck which they found carrying cows.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills, Bah S Thamar, said that tomorrow, the relatives of the girl from Ribhoi District will come by themselves to verify whether the girl is theirs.
However, we will leave it to the government to clarify on this issue.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the GTF, Bah HBN Nonglang, said that during the inspection, it was also found that the construction of a house in Garoline, Laitumkhrah has covered all parts of the Thansniang River.
For more information, please contact the General Secretary or WhatsApp at
Shillong: The price of petrol and diesel in Shillong has increased with the passing of the days.
The two organizations will punish them according to the decision taken at the meeting if they are found to be importing coal from abroad to the Dewbilat Kharkhana in East Jaintia Hills.
Police sources said that Lamare had demanded T.5000 thousand for a shop run by M/S Horizon Marketing Tura. T.1 lakh and another T.2 lakh which will be delivered on the first day.
All these things happen because we humans are terrible and glorious.
Besides the ejahar, the residents of the village also urged the law enforcement agencies to arrest immediately those who have destroyed the Mawnongrim, which shows the construction of the road. kjat, which has been implemented under the MNREGA scheme in the village.
On the other hand, the Hma Mylliem has already handed over to the government and it has become government land, and this land should be taken over,” he said.
The KSU has expressed its surprise that the MSPCB has allowed to hold such a public hearing without proper consideration whether it affects the people.
On the other hand, Mukul declined to tell anyone whether the party will contest the mid-term elections in Tura but said it will contest after being accepted by the party in Delhi.
He said that his joining the BJP is to protect the land, the ownership of natural resources and to eradicate corruption.
He added, “We don't know that there are those who have turned away.
Those young men were afraid of the khon rympha but they were afraid of his power.
Dr. Mukul Sangma's actions cannot be condemned and praised because there are some who are too good and some who are too bad.
It is for this reason that the Government has written to the University to allow only those who are ready and those who have accepted to implement.
Shillong, Nailar 5: A shootout between Meghalaya Police and A'chik Songna An'pachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) group has ended without casualty or casualty.
Shillong: Leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) Mylliem Block today submitted a petition to the Minister of State for Forests, James PK Sangma to express their concern over the The government has decided not to allocate the forest land in Upper Shillong to the Army.
Even if you pass a degree level like BA/BSc/B.Com, etc, you can't talk about the job if you don't have strong supporters.
The order was issued on 7th November 2018 and sent to the media today, 20th November
We must have enough food, clothing and shelter so that we will not be despised here on earth.
Palestinian sources said Hamas, before attacking Israel on the 7th, had prepared for the IDF's attack from the ground and had warned to destroy them. tunnels.
It is Jesus who wipes away the nations from the eyes of the sorrowful. 3) The Burden of Sinners:- Sinful people burden their souls and minds with the burden of sins.
Pynshngain said the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) are not committees but an independent body empowered by the Constitution. district council according to the Meghalaya Country and Town Planning Act
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Thousands of parishioners from the Diocese of Jowai and other faithful from different faiths have attended the Centenary Celebration of the Catholic Church at Sakhain-Moolimen. Deacon Manbha Pakem and took part in the Eucharistic Procession on the 16th of this month at Sakhain-Moolimen, Parish Sutnga.
Regarding these promises, Ma Vincent H.Pala, on behalf of SAIBDO and the residents of the area, expressed their gratitude for this promise and the visit by the MP. region, he added.
Shillong: Members of the Mawlasnai Area Village Authorities Union, today met with Bah P Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also the Minister of PWD, to express their concerns. The road from Bhoirymbong Mawlasnai to Sabuda has been badly damaged.
“This initiative will help the youth to focus on physical activity and to prevent them from falling into various vices,” said the KSU. Care Rehabilitation Centre” and the union said that it will take action to find land and explain to the villages to accept this proposal.
The Secretary Shnong, Alphonsius, urged the people not to be tempted so that peace and order can be brought about in the village.
Leaders of the party including Bah Tamdorlang Risaw also displayed the letter sent by the Acting Syiem Paiem Kynsai N Syiem to the BDO, Mawsynram.
His body is still in hospital for post mortem.
According to the information quoted from the ancients by Ma Spiton Kharakor, there was a rumor that the Pnar people had decided to name themselves after the slaves of the Syiem, Jaintiapur.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Sawkmie said that it is clear that there are political parties in the state who really want to introduce President's Rule in the state.
Tura, Naitung 11: An elderly man has died and another woman is still suffering from serious injuries after an electric shock in Purakhasia, West Garo Hills on Sunday.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Minister in charge of the Iewduh, Mylliem Hima, Minister K.Langstieh, has spoken out against the burning of two clothes shops in the Iewduh. These are the things that the Hima does not expect to happen especially during the non-curfew period.
Have the books been reviewed before being taught in schools?
If we look at the contribution of the states of this region to the GDP, we see that it is still very low.
This house is your strongest clan.
The meeting was also attended by senior officers of NSSO (FOD), RO Shillong and others.
The celestial body Mars, or the known red planet, produces a sound, like a sword, or a sword, and then there is a sound that is tied, and then there is a sound that is tied. tied tyrnem and then, there is another sound that tied pliang and these are the sounds, which advise the scientists of NASA, to seek more clarity on these different sounds, which come from the Mars.
Speaking to Rupang, the residents believe that the deterioration of the transformer in the village is due to the replacement of old machines.
The six winners were awarded by Mr. Ujjwal Batria, CEO, Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Ltd.
Bret lut medicines are not needed anymore.
Therefore, the Seng supports the Village Leaders of the area, to oppose this mining, especially through the Report Survey received, does not show clearly what they are mining and this creates problems and maybe it is the Therefore, we will not allow such things to happen in this area.
Malki Dkhar was named the best player in the Under-1
Although the arrest was made by one of the robbers, he could not be identified, as the cloth covering his face was still there.
When I think about the state of the Khasi people these days I am sad and shocked, because there are Khasi who love only themselves, only their family, only their religion, only their group... no that they love the nation.
I'm sorry to hear that young people have been affected... I'm a young man who is still in the religion. I want to give you an example. Don't be ashamed because God gives power to those people who can do those things whether they are Christians or not.
Santa Mary Shylla has become the first female MLA in Jaintia Hills after defeating Congress leader and Shillong MP Vincent H Pala from Sutnga Saipung constituency in the counting of votes on Friday.
Earlier, Jyndiang also laid flowers at the statue of Wickliffe Syiem at Sohpian.
Shillong: Taxi drivers of Mawshbuit Taxi Owners Association and East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Association on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commander of Mawshbuit Regiment Y. Malhotra to express their protest against the ownership of the Assam Regiment. The Assam Rifles, the parking lot near the Assam Rifles camp.
“The purpose of writing this book is how to build a spiritual life as Christians.
At the same time, Bah Nongrem said that the party will now have many candidates from different constituencies of the state.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Charles Marngar said that the meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnongs of Korhadem, Lamalong and other villages near Assam. the voice of demand for many of the needs of the area.
However, he said that he did not accept half of the post mortem report and insisted that his daughter would never have committed suicide because she is a human being. courageous, wise, and truthful.
“The people who elected the leader to save the country and the nation, but these sons of prostitutes have used the name of Maieid Hopingstone and want to sell our nation,” he said. Mr. Kharled.
Besides the reduction in expenditure, the work is also completed quickly and would have encouraged the land owners to stand on their own feet.
Many of those who received a Bible in 2006 and their parents are proud that they have received a Bible but do not know what kind of Bible they have received.
The flag raising ceremony was part of the 75th Independence Day celebrations or the “Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav” and the government has urged the citizens of the country to just connect.
MN Syiem and others gathered at Malki Square to force the MLAs of the ethnic parties to form a Lai Lama Government.
Shillong, July 27: The Bataw Border Welfare Association (BAWA) in East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that it fully supports the night curfew of the four organizations. AJYWO, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF Jaintia Hills will hold a protest from the night of the 27th and 28th of this month on the excessive deterioration of the NH44 from Mookyndur to Malidor.
When asked how NeIPS provides support after training to youths who come from poor families who do not have the money to start their own businesses.
“Bah BB Lyngdoh has not accepted many proposals from the Congress and for 52 years he has been in the government house until his death and the political party in the state has been in power,” he said. the current election has become a spectacle.
We should also respect the roads for people and vehicles especially residential areas.
You just need to include the right ingredients in your daily diet like grapes.
After the arrest, the Assam government has gone to demolish the madrassa.
All CEC members, Presidents and General Secretaries of District Units, Area Units, Circles and Units across the Bri U Hynniewtrep and in Assam (Dima Hasao District & Barak Valley) are urged to ), Mizoram (Vairangte), Delhi, Uttarakhand (Dehradun) and Karnataka (Bangalore & Mangalore) to participate without fail so that the GEC will be fair and successful, said a statement from Donald V Thabah. General Secretary, Khasi Students’ Union.
Shillong: Answering a supplementary question by Bah Syntar Klas Sunn MLA on the ban on the sale of kyiad pyrsi, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the reason why the government does not allow the sale of kyiad pyrsi pyrsi, is because Meghalaya is still too low in terms of rice production.
If you don't find it, you will die.
“I just help by teaching the children through this academy,” said Chakraborty.
Shillong, March 27: The Meghalaya Citizen Forum (MCF) is an organization of foreigners who have lived in the state for decades and earn their living by selling shops in Khyndai Lad and Iewduh. They have announced that they will not take part in any protests and especially the curfew to be held on the 28th of this month called by the Civil Society Women Organization (I).
According to Bah Kharkhrang, there is no problem in Langpih area as of now.
According to the proposal sent to the Governor, the deadline for filing of nomination papers should be 28th November, withdrawal of nomination papers on 1st July and confirmation of nomination papers. The polling will be held on the 3rd of November, the counting of votes will be on the 13th of November and the re-polling on the 16th of November.
Manita Khongsit scored the winner in the 19th minute.
He said the government has set up Corona Care Centres, where the government has not been able to provide them like in Five Star Hotels, but the government has struggled as much as it can.
d.
Ibakyntilin Mary Umdor, urged the hospital not to allow such an incident to happen again as this poses a serious threat to the women who come for treatment at the hospital. Most of the patients who come for treatment at the hospital are from poor families and rural areas.
At the same time, the Seng urges the people to be vigilant against burning forests as this thoughtless act will lead to the destruction not only of the forests, but also of the wildlife. and he touched the wells of water.
If the District Head does not do anything within these hours to stop the construction, the people together with the FKJGP and KSU will take stronger measures.
The decision makes it clear that foreigners will no longer be employed in Madhya Pradesh.
Mukul said the recruitment will start soon and an announcement will be issued in the coming days.
“What has been done by the forest department we have to bury, because in this inspection we have not found that there is illegal mining as it has been in the past years,” he said. Mr. Martin said.
The Chief Minister has directed all officers to expedite their work to get approval from the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) before 30th July
Replying in Parliament, Rajnath Singh said that in the clashes on July 15, 2020, Indian troops lost their lives and Chinese troops also lost many soldiers in the clashes. struggle.
Many incidents happen from Government Hospitals or even from Government Health Departments from time to time but no one sees them and many of the leaders who are also MLAs are just trying to put turoi themselves. They have not been able to raise the issues of the people in the Cabinet or even in the Assembly but by ending the discussions just before the election through the media, shops and on the streets.
He didn't know what to do.
Conrad's remarks came after it appeared in the media that he was against the Indian government's plan to implement the UCC in the country as it would affect the customs and traditions of the people. riewlum as their customs and beliefs.
The meeting was fruitful and was attended by all the members from Meghalaya and West Bengal.
This statement was made by Kong Orda Mary Lynshiang, who conducted the meeting.
The emergence of such things is due to the excessive sin and bloodshed in everyone in this age.
Rupang: Because you are on this line, do you think there are many Khasi who have earned money through social media, such as facebook, twitter, you tube or other means and how many they earn? SL: I don't know how to earn money from facebook, twitter, instagram etc., except for celebrities who have millions of followers. earn money.
In terms of funds, which is necessary and useful during the elections, once the candidates contest, they have the funds to spend during the elections.
Bah Marshillong said that due to the weather conditions during the rainy season, many of the residents go to Nongjri, Bhoi and other places to work. to provide for his household.
Ranika Dkhar and Miss.
It was also informed that the area under synsar cultivation in Meghalaya has also increased and the stock of synsar since last year is still in the fields.
Shillong: The MDC of Laitumkhrah-Malki constituency, Bah Fantin J Lakadong, on Tuesday distributed relief goods to 29 households in Langkyrding Nongmensong village. Langkyrding Nongmensong.
The fare from Motphran to Shyiap is 10 tyngka while four wheelers charge up to T.20 in the evening and those who do not want to pay, do not carry.
“The HPC demands 10 acres of the State to allocate 200 square meters per household, which is up to 2000 sqft per household.
Taking part in the issue raised by Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang in the House today on the age limit for recruitment in the police department, Saleng said he has seen the order issued by the police department. The Chief Minister of Assam, in which he has ordered that those who are old and unfit in the police department, should be dismissed or suspended from their posts.
He said the BJP has started working in the North-East. Kohli said the door of the BJP party is open to anyone who has the intention to join with the intention of bringing he roi you par.
Besides the Acting Syiem, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, along with other dignitaries, Pa'iem Laborious Syiem, former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, was also present at the meeting. witnesses in this meeting.
Speaking after the meeting, Pastor Phawa, Senior Administrative Secretary of the KJP Assembly, said that there should be a restriction on the entry of foreigners as it affects the country. Speaking on the occasion, the villagers said that they feel about the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Other speakers on the occasion included the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh PD Nongrum and Rgh Rangpher Rynjah, Secretary Seng Khasi Wahkhen. The meeting was conducted by Babu Kular Khongjirem.
Farmers have blocked the Delhi-Amritsar road and there is heavy traffic jam on the Ayodhya-Lucknow highway, the report said.
Figo Syndai scored the second goal in the 55th minute, but Kerala's Muhammed Saheef scored in the 58th minute.
His wisdom and integrity paved the way for him to be elected Ambassador to the Soviet Union in
Arka SC beat Umsaitphrah SC 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Regarding the struggle led by Kiang, it was found that it was not easy for the British Government to overthrow Kiang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: A 17-year-old member of the HNLC from Lakadong village, East Jaintia Hills has surrendered to the SP of East Khasi Hills on the 23rd of this month without any weapons.
She said that if the ASHAs do the job exactly, about 5,500 or 6,000 people earn a month, and it is not true that they earn only 66 tyngka per day. .
A police source said that it was the early arrival of the police from Nartiang that these Sengbhalang leaders escaped from the hands of the mob.
However, on the morning of 12.3.21, they searched and tried to ask their friends or fellow students until the morning of 13.3.21 without thinking, they received information that the child had been killed by the robbers and the body. The body of the woman was found in a forest at Ar kilo in Dkhiah East, East Jaintia Hills District.
In this regard, the teachers and students expressed their gratitude to the BSF for organizing this program and also to understand the management of the Border Haat, Balat which is on the border with BSF. in Bangladesh.
The MLA/MDCs have won the election.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Rosette M Kurbah, today said that the investigation is ongoing to find out the presence of formalin in the fish.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 04: As part of the objective of bringing about a clean environment and also to educate the residents on the importance of a clean environment, the two Dorbar Shnongs in Nongpoh including the Dorbar Shnong The Dorbar Shnong of Mawroh Village and the Dorbar Shnong of Pahamsyiem Village today conducted a public cleanliness drive in these two villages in the Nongpoh area of ​​Ri Bhoi District.
“For the Khasi community of Meghalaya, it will be very difficult, because in terms of ethnicity and customs, if the Uniform Civil Code is implemented, it will bring surprise and completely abolish the ethnic cleansing among the Khasi,” he said. added.
“God is the mother of the universe"- Lao Tse, Chinese thought.
According to information received by RTI from the Assembly, it was shown that there was no time limit from the High Power Committee (HPC) which is the landlord and implementer of the project.
“The construction of the road and the well in these two places has been slow and we have found that lum shyiap has been used instead of um shyiap and the ground has not been cleaned,” said Marhok. He also alleged that this implementation is only for the benefit of the secretary himself.
According to the record, Croatia is stronger than Brazil, as in 2005 they beat Brazil while in 2006 they drew.
There are those who don't change the customs of the mother tongue and there are those who are stupid even though we have only 10 troh compared to the highest paid ethnic group in India.
In addition to this policy, we expect that the government will set rules and regulations on how to implement education in a proper manner in accordance with the policy.
It was a great joy for the family of Bhalang that he was the first from that village to pass in the First Div.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, the Interim President, Rgh PS Dkhar, welcomed the group of Tymmen u San, who came to complete the ceremony. method.
He acknowledged the policy is harmless and believes there are circumstances to maintain should students need to renew connections in the future.
“Regarding the Cherry Blossom Festival, as witnessed in the media, the Meghalaya United Christian Forum would be grateful to the state government if it postpones the festival. In honor of the feelings of thousands of believers in Meghalaya who take Sunday as a special and holy day for Christians to celebrate. pray and worship God without any interference or by holding any programs or festivals,” said Rev Batkupar Dunai.
It has always been used as an election polling station and a barracks for the Pyrton troops.
The Minister said that the Additional Chief Secretary of the State has also requested not to implement CUET in Meghalaya for this year. She urged the NTA to set up Centers across the State to conduct the Entrance Test.
When inquired, the MLAs did not say where they will vote but said that the voting will be by secret ballot and no one will know where they will support.
“Why can't the government provide a scheme to the people living on the border to buy AK-47s,” said Bah Ardent.
Other dignitaries who have visited Laitkseh in the past years include Bah Martle Mukhim when he was Minister, Vice Chairman of Nehru Yuva Kendra, Prestone Tynsong, Dy. Vincent Pala and PR Kyndiah, Dr Mukul Sangma and Purno Sangma, former Speaker of the Lok Sabha and former Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The tournament was concluded by the Chief Secretary MS Rao, IAS in the presence of Director of Sports and Youth Affairs Wanrilin Booth and officials of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Lower Primary School Teachers across India have concluded the Bus Bharat Yatra which is a march around the country to convey their demands for the welfare of teachers. will end on Friday in Delhi after 10 months from 5th November,
At present, the strongest national party is the United Democratic Party (UDP) because many national parties, including the PDF which has four MLAs, have only two MLAs after two of them have elected to leave. join another larger party before the 2023 elections.
However, the Governments of Meghalaya since 1972 may have had posts of Chairman, Co Chairman, Deputy Chairman and so on in Boards, Corporations and other government agencies.
Bah Synshar said that when he enters the Assembly, he will not just sit, but will speak on the issues of the people and the country and the nation.
It is worth mentioning that yesterday, the CoMSO has implemented a search and rescue operation for foreigners entering the state by setting up check posts in various places across the state.
At the end of the procession, before the speech by the leaders of the Union of Rangba Shnongs, there was a tyngshop of the Chief Minister and it was seen that the people, both men and women, turned to the procession. The tyngshop was broken and the women turned forward to throw four sticks of kwai and after that the crowd was shocked and shocked until the tyngshop broke and later they set fire to show that they strongly oppose the chief minister of the state.
In the 3rd Division, Mylliem beat Mawtawar 2-1
It is obvious that the new team from Kashmir has played well this time and without fail, as shown in the previous games, Lajong have found it difficult to beat this team.
Those who attended the function included the Deputy CEM of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Lasky Rymbai, who was the chief guest, the MDC of 20-Muthlong, Bah Lomris Lyngdoh MDC Khliehriat, MDC Khliehriat, Bah Fineliness Bareh, leaders of the Sohkymphor Seiñ Raij, parents, youth, children of the Seiñ Raij.
We call for change.
Police have recovered four mobile phones from the suspect.
Furthermore, Ma Hoping Stone Lyngdoh urged the people to implement the schemes properly so that he as the donor will be happy.
After the sermon, the Choir from Latawor Youth Church, Sohkha Youth Church, Samatan Youth Church and Lad Basic Youth Church, Kairang Youth Church, Maskhal Youth Church, Youth Choir Moodymmai Neiñ and Standing Choir Youth Choir KJP Synod Mihngi.
When asked whether Palden has any intention of singing songs from Shillong, Bah Kit said that until now, he has been singing Hindi songs and he has not received any information. for thou hast not spoken unto me this day.
Upon receiving information that the MPCC has decided to suspend Bah Pynshngain, these MDCs have decided to resign from the party in protest against the party's decision to expel Bah Pynshngain. .
Speaking on the unemployment issue, he said, “Why hasn't the BJP fulfilled its promises to the people of the state in 2018? “If you look at the promise of the NPP and BJP they have promised to create many jobs for the youth but why doesn't it happen when it is in power, so the people are not “I don't expect that the promises that the country will make now will not be fulfilled if in 2018 it doesn't fulfill anything,” he said.
Furthermore, the strength of exports has led to the stabilization of the rupee which paves the way for the RBI to have an independent monetary policy.
If the JHADC visits Sohmynting itself, it will find that the majority of the people went to the government elected on 18th June, 2019. beneficiary.
It was also decided that after a thorough investigation, a book will be issued to strengthen the kur relationship between the Doloi and others so that it will not mislead the children in the future.
In a meeting with reporters at Shillong Press Club today, the Contractors Association was represented by its President Gilbert G Laloo, General Secretary Ban Nongbri and Dino G Dympep. one of the leaders of the group along with other contractors within the group.
The Synod has its own rules or constitution and if it is violated or exceeded, it can be punished.
He also expressed the hope that these projects will be a blessing to the residents of the village, in which they will be able to improve in all aspects, especially for the school children of Mylliem area as a whole.
According to Dr.P Sohlang, AH & Veterinary Officer, according to the report received, the incident happened in Tiehsaw, Nongstoiñ. there are up to 22 of them.
Giri Balasubramaniam, better known as 'Pickbrain', will be the quizmaster and host of the event, which will also be attended by Rashmi Furtado.
“I am pleased that the leaders of the Association have not forgotten the contribution of our father to the development of sports for the youth of the district,” said Kyrmen Shylla.
“We cannot accept this action of the Assam government, because it has illegally dug a road inside the area which is still under the Hima Nongspung. “It's a good idea to cross the border with Meghalaya,” said Bah Petrick Syiemiong.
According to the UDP President, the ARPA will survive if Bah Ardent is removed and if not replaced, it could collapse at any time.
Shillong: The State Government will pay a compensation of T.50,000 to those who have died of covid 2021.
After the expiry of the 72 hour report to the Government, the Joint Mission Director of the National Health Mission (NHM) on Saturday called for talks with the leaders of MEMRIWU. but he promised only to take the demand of the party to the authorities.
The preparations for this by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have started for more than two years, and in the remaining few days, the mysteries and others are still struggling to complete the preparations. The Khasi Heritage Village at Mawphlang, which will be the biggest event on these dates.
When asked about his shana market during the covid-19 pandemic, he said that he had the opportunity to sell and he did so as directed by the department. He said that every day he earns money from selling shana and this business has been earning for many years.
Another Brahman cow, named Messi, which was raised in the same farm, has already sold at Tk28 lakh and this is the second lowest price of cow. The Titanic, which was born in Australia, cost Tk17 lakh and came third in the lowest price this year.
The Chief Minister said that the previous recruitments have already been identified and the dates allow the government to understand the arrangement which will be followed up in the roster.
Shillong, June 19 : Khyndailad will soon be transformed after the state government through the Tourism Department has decided to change the footpath of the area, starting from the main road to Umsohsun road. .
There are two kinds of shyiap, the shyiap rew and the shyiap ni.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today heard the case of the burial of coal miners in East Jaintia Hills District.
The Meghalaya Electronic Media Association (MEMA) today renewed its office bearers at a meeting held at the Shillong Press Club.
The bus carrying the patients was leaving CHC Pynursla with the intention of coming to Shillong and when it reached Lad Myllat, it collided with the truck. of the bus carrying the passengers was drunk.
In the Indian round (Women), Ibadondor Kharbhoi, Daphi-shisha Jamu, Ibanisha Rynta-thiang and Jessica Kurbah won.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 04: The DKRSRBD and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umiam-Umroi, have strongly condemned the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Eastern Ri Bhoi District (SRSER) to throw away the plan to march tomorrow and said that the news is without any truth and basis.
Chennaiyin have lost all six matches and Langsning lost 2-1
We cannot expect that God's service will be like a bed of roses, but it is time to train up ourselves to suffer from for Christ and the gospel.
Earlier, the Minister said that the old site at Mawbah, TB Hospital is too narrow and does not meet the requirements for the construction of the Medical College especially as the road is narrow.
No of posts:- 1 (One)Pay Scale:- Level-3, Rs.7,700-190-9,030-EB-250-11,280-340-15,020/- per month.
On Tuesday, Dr Vijay Kumar D IAS, Co-Chairman of NEOG 2022 and Commissioner and Secretary to the State Government, visited the sports grounds in the presence of the Secretary to the State Government. Cyril VD Diengdoh IAS, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Shivansh Awasthi IAS, and other officers.
According to doctors, he was taken to Tura and has been undergoing treatment at Holy Cross Hospital for five days.
In addition, at that time, schools provided online education using computers and mobile phones.
The most obvious is that many of them have married, had children and settled around the villages and so on.
Therefore, the village authorities request the government authorities to provide immediate assistance to the affected people and especially to the school building, which has been destroyed so that the students can return to school, said the statement. Mr. T Khonglah, Head of Hungarian Village.
Shillong: Tomorrow will be the polling day in Ranikor and South Tura constituencies. For the benefit of the readers, we will remind you of the votes of the candidates from these constituencies in the last elections held in June, 2018 and according to the resolution issued on October 3,
Police have been informed of the incident and the loss of documents or belongings is still unknown.
She also keeps in mind that if the path we’re on, there’s trouble, but there’s a magic power about feeling young and lots of hope and a beautiful world.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 9: The Central Government has recognized Langdongdai Village in Mawshynrut C&RD Block as an Aspirational Village. .
At the same time, Dr Mukul said there is a need for a stronger law as his government has introduced the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016 to curb the entry of people into the state.
Invalid : you are invalid; The sword is not sleeping until there is no suffering.
A strong nation is a self-governing nation,” said a statement sent by Ïarapbha Shangrit.
This shows that the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya intend to hide from the world the impact of uranium mining in these areas.
She said that the people involved in beating her and Amita were members of the ruling political parties.
Therefore, the KHNAM urges the state government to help such people by reducing the cost of accommodation in Meghalaya houses so that it will not affect the people, said a statement from Thomas Passahm President, KHNAM, State. Youth Wing.
(1) Martha welcomed Jesus and served him with food and drink.
Das said a joint team between the army and police on Saturday evening found a truck with registration number NL-01AB-8938 in Badarpur area. of Karimganj district.
Kenyan Faith Kipyegon has now set a new world record in the women's 1,500m by finishing in 3:4
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has said that a thorough discussion will have to be held within the Executive Committee and also within the Council Dorbar to take a decision to revive the dead Elaka. Block I, the border area between Assam and Meghalaya.
In Horticulture, only a few people have received a Poly House and the village has received a Pack House or Godown to store their produce.
Regarding the MDC and MP elections, it has already been handed over to the core committee of the party to consider how to proceed and ensure victory.
Regarding the road, Rgh Paia said that it is in good condition from the gate to the top of the hill. When he turns to the water, he thanked the Chief Engineer of the PHE department. go and inspect the well and the hillside so that the preparation is adequate.
These political parties include the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), the JNC and the Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP).
At the same time, Fantin said he will contest the election on issues related to the problems of farmers, the poor, development projects that are still lacking in the constituency. five months that he walked to meet the people.
There are 2 trucks.
This commandment is more severe and difficult to obey.
I have my passion towards the job.
On the same day, the village leaders and the VDPs found that all the shopkeepers have obeyed the orders of the village and VDPs, in that they do not sell cigarettes or beer to children. They said that they are ready to work with the village, especially when they found that the action of the village and VDP, is for the benefit of the children.
In Imphal West District, Bikramjit Singh, ASP, was seriously injured in the face when the crowd threw stones at the police.
A medium-sized rynieng ryniot with a strong body.
Human needs on this earth are manifold.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Kong D.Phawa said that the objective of this scheme is to look after the capacity and skills of the volunteers in the villages as they are the ones who are at the forefront. in the event of natural disasters and others so that they can prevent and provide assistance.
Shillong, March 18: The Kur Kharbuki of Mawpat and Umsning on Tuesday protested against the issuance of a certificate by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to confirm the appointment of Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki. They have demanded that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima should not immediately dismiss the Minister of Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki by the 26th of this month.
Many have declined, only a few have increased and this is very dangerous if the gap between the poor and the rich cannot be reduced.
Bajop also criticized those who accused the government of selling land on the border with Assam at a price of T20,000 crore. Those people who allege that the government has sold T.20,000 crore of land from the state should bring evidence and I am ready to resign as MDC if they can provide evidence that we the day".
On the other hand, Marcony Thongni Organizing Secretary of KSU, SWKH, said that the intention to build a 2 lane road in this area is a scheme of UCIL to mine uranium from the area. The name of the road construction company (BSC C&C JV) has started to hide behind the name of the road construction company (BSC C&C JV). Therefore, the union leaders of both the districts have urged the authorities of both the districts to take action on this issue so that it will not be a stumbling block for them. public.
The NPP Leader said that while people are still misleading and misleading, the NPP will continue to grow because the NPP believes in only one principle which is to serve the people of Meghalaya.
However, my special thanks go to Ex.Rev.K.Langrin from Seinduli, Ri Lyngngam.
On the second day, about 40-50 drivers received the training and last month, about 90 drivers were trained at Polo where there is a COVID-19 testing centre.
In another development, UDP Ranikor Secretary GG Bung Snaitang, Secretary UDP Ranikor and State Secretary UDP Central Body, expressed his condolences to all those families affected by the cyclone.
“Drugs will destroy the youth and society and the money earned from the sale of drugs is used against security in the country,” he said.
When you travel, carry a small bottle to use wherever you feel you need it. It will protect you from infection. If you drink two shamoit twice a day, it will be better if you have a lot of blood. you will use it little by little.
Jowai, Nailur 22: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Shillong today held a 'Town Hall' to promote MSMEs entrepreneurs. meeting on Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) at Thangbuli Club Hall, Amlarem West Jaintia Hills District.
Before he left the jail, the two men dressed him in traditional clothes with a sponge and he left the jail with traditional clothes and a sponge.
Suchitra Mochary, who holds License No. 11717001000248, is also a foreigner, said a statement from Ma K Rymbai President HSU and R. Biam President AJHSWO. , and the missile can strike at a distance of up to 290 kilometers, the Pakistani military said today.
The statement said that the resort of Marak which was raided by the police is not far from the residence of the Prime Minister and therefore they are not surprised that some of those arrested are close followers of Marak. NPP.The Congress has urged the Minister of Home Affairs to answer why it is necessary to destroy the area.
When he was newly qualified, Halen was in Group 3 of the U-13 category, then he was promoted to Group 2 and after playing well he was promoted to Group 3 of the U-18 category. Pune District Football Association U-18 Super Division.
“Assam Don Bosco University will hold its 7th convocation on 8th September 2018 at Tapesia campus.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, informed the leaders of the KHADC led by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Adelbert Nongrum at a meeting on Thursday.
Shillong: The Cherra Presbyterian Secondary School Past Pupils Association, Shillong, invites all the alumni of the school to attend the meeting to be held on the 6th July 2023 at 12 noon. :30 pm at the hall of the school to discuss the necessary activities in order to carry out the activities of the Association, because without the orderly presence of all is a delay in the objectives of the Association.
On the part of the chief guest, Kyrmen Roi Rymbui, Forester-1, Amlarem Range, Forest Department, recalled that in the past, Nongtalang village had faced drought and was still able to drink water. He said that with the passing of the days, the environment has been deteriorated and destroyed by the greed of mankind.
“I have visited the areas in Adokgre, Siju, Purakhasia, Batabari and others where you announced the new C&RD Block before the elections and found that they have not worked.
The construction of this road will be from 8/000 Kilo Meter to 37/000 (Length=30.00KM) and perhaps the construction of this road within this budget will not reach the entire area. The RBBJ road connects many border villages including Rymbai, Umsatai, Ladwah Wapung, Deiñsatlang, Pynurkba, Bataw, Umlynsha, Lakadong Umlatdoh, Lama, Natbor, Borghat, Demlakadong, Kwator, Hingaria etc., which are the villages on the border with Bangladesh.
The death toll has risen to 1,139, said Dr Nasima Sultana, Additional Director General (Administration) of the DGHS. There were 84,379 cases.
They also said that these people from Meghalaya have taken up to 30,000 per vehicle carrying syiar and this has caused a lot of trouble to the transporters and buyers of syiar because they have to pay high prices and if They don't pay and they don't get to enter the state to deliver the cattle.
You are creating jobs to bring 23 crore people into extreme poverty,” said Rahul Gandhi.
According to Bah George Dkhar, Chairman of the Managing Committee of the school, the school was started with only 10 students. With the help of other people, including Dr DD Lapang, the RBYF and others, the school has become what it is today.
“The Meghalaya government will soon bring in work orders for the beautification of Shillong,” he added.
This is the reason why we Khasi should not speak badly or treat badly of foreigners if they come to do business or work in our country.
The Best Team in the Under 14 category for women was won by Thomas Jones-1 Secondary School, Pyndengrei, Nongstoin Zone while the Best Team in the men's category was won by Presbyterian School Maweit. in Nongstoin Zone.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: After the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Dr. Mukul Sangma told reporters that he does not have Aadhaar, the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has said that he does not have Aadhaar. Aadhaar number.
Shiilong, Naiwieng 13: Sohra Police have arrested a man for allegedly shooting and beating his two-year-old daughter until she was taken to hospital.
The actress, who is on the list of highest paid actresses, has also received many awards in her life and three times the Filmfare Awards for Best Actress.
It cannot be that just because he belongs to one political party, he cannot say or do anything.
The source said that the family of the murdered girl was very poor and they did not have any difficulty in transporting her body from Khliehriat to Umsning for the funeral. you hand.
However, he said that these countries should not show power or want to take over the border or part of other countries and should not show power just for small reasons. rather, they should strive to bring peace to the negotiating table and avoid conflicts and wars only to bring peace and stability to the whole world.
Shillong: People have attended a rally of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) held at Iew Rynghep Square, Shillong.
We grow plants and use pesticides that poison plants and the environment.
Thus, as a Khasi, he established his customs and traditions from the roots of religion.
Therefore, he respectfully requests the Nongmihkhmat to take action and fight against this to give their support and speak in the Assembly on this issue and if not they will help or take responsibility to resolve this issue. , who else can help us Khasi children and do you think that others get more and we get less when we are from the same state?? He asked and therefore, please request that as the leaders, they should also take this to the Ïingdorbar and give their support.
As the President of JBB&FA, he expressed his pride that the children of Ri-Lum Jaintia have become talented in all fields of sports. -Lum Jaintia who will take part in the Mr. & Ms.Meghalaya 2022 pageant.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah J.Shylla, MCS distributed the certificates to all those who took part in the Cycle Rally.
They said that sometimes when the vehicles stop in the middle of the road, they have to stay in the forest because they cannot walk because of the darkness of the night.
The song was composed by B4ndit and composed and edited by Mike Susngi.
In another incident, a resident of Lumshyiap, Shillong has sent a complaint that on 31st July, 2024, there is a WhatsApp group named after her.
Jowai, Nailar 12: Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 14th District Open Badminton Championship 2023, the President of Sienraij Jowai, Hercules Toi, said that the 14th District Open Badminton Championship Badminton players from Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, Mr. Sniawbha visited the stadium as part of his promises on the occasion of the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA). WJDSA) on 22nd June, to raise up to Rs 25 crore for the improvement of Kiang Nangbha Stadium Jowai.
Informing that the goods and equipment made and equipped from the state have received assistance from European countries and other parts of the world, the Minister invited these talented people to to make the most of their skills so that they can compete in the marketplaces of the world.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ilias Ali expressed his pleasure to take part in the celebration of the students who have completed their various studies from the university despite many difficulties in the university. Their journey and this is an inspiration in their lives that after they leave this place and go to work or continue their studies hopefully they will give the best for the state and the country as a whole. .
The Ministry of Education, the National Testing Agency (NTA) of the Government of India and the State Government have taken care of the CUET 2023 examination. examination due to the lack of Centers outside Meghalaya according to the data submitted to the NTA,” said Bah Lyngdoh in a statement.
Others who attended the ceremony included Bah Srally Rashir, Rangbah Shnong of New Nongstoin, Badari Wankhar Branch Manager, IDBI Nongstoin Branch and other elders of the village.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday directed the state government to submit a report within 10 days on how much time it will take to build a compost plant. The assistance provided by the Jowai Municipal Board in addressing the problem of garbage in Jowai.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has strongly condemned the incident of rape and murder of a woman from Mawprem, Shillong on the night of 06th October. message.
The Waheh Shnong also said that those who wish to collect the ration at the price of T.4 tyngka can come and collect the ration, but those who oppose can leave.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Cantonment Board and the Executive Engineer of the PWD Roads Shillong on Saturday conducted an inspection. South Shillong Constituency to start the allocation of funds for many projects in the 19th South Shillong Constituency.
The slow growth of the Lyngngam is not only due to the lack of rakot but also due to the spread of the disease.
The AAP government had suspended the implementation last year after Lieutenant Governor VK Saxena ordered the Central Bureau of Investigation to conduct a thorough investigation into the irregularities. service.
“Before 1997, there were more Dkhars than Khasi, but now the population is more Khasi,” said the Rangbah Shnong. Bah Khonglah said that to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners, the Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong has a rule for foreigners who come to stay inside the village.
Speaking to reporters after being nominated, Wankupar Syiemlieh said that the contest in Sohiong is between him and HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State.
It is to be recalled that the KSU has submitted a petition to the CM on 20th November 2023 to request for the allocation for the Khasi.
Many vehicles heading to Ranikor, Nongjri, Balat, Sonatola and other villages, as well as those heading to Shillong, have been stopped.
In verses 2 and 3 God said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; as a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.
Shillong, July 11: The Mawkneng Social Welfare Organization (MSWO) on November 22, 2023 held a seminar on drug abuse and awareness dissemination at School Child to Child SSA LP School. parents of students and parents of children with disabilities.
Wahida said that the showroom has been opened today at Mihmyntdu and in the next few days it will display men's clothes for the four seasons.
Especially for the brothers and sisters, he has received a price that is no longer worth it.
In these four days, 202 matches have been played in the Under-13, Under-15 and Under 17 categories.
Therefore, we have decided to support the two NPP candidates from both the constituencies of Shillong and Tura”.
“The talks have progressed with the HNLC and after the talks we will announce the decisions taken,” Mishra told reporters.
The psalmist said, "If sin is still alive, at the time of your death you will not enter it.
The villages affected by the floods are Amagaon, Salpara, Malangkhasi, Huwapara, Sildubi, Malangjoypur and other neighboring villages.
These children have followed their parents who are teachers in their protest.
Wasa Utd have won the 14th Super Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) after beating Ladthadlaboh 2-0 in the final of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
He said that under the RTE Act, those who prevent the promotion of children are violators of the law and will be punished. Banshai Marbaniang, President of the union, said in a statement that the officer has been arrested for violating the law and for threatening to withhold the results of the students.
The MSOA should take responsibility and will have to submit a statement and a white paper on the expenditure and preparations for the Meghalaya Games 2022 within 14 days of the end of the Games”.
On the 23rd of this month, at about 1:10 pm, a phone call was received from Madanrting Police Station from 112, NERS that an unidentified man He was found sleeping in the middle of the night at Happy Valley near the MES water tank, Wahumkhen.
Shillong: U Bah Alexander L Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday inaugurated two sub centers, one at Rangmaw and one at Lyngkien as a Christmas gift to these areas.
“What is surprising is that the mother of Bah Marbaniang has not received the inquest report but has asked for the inquiry report by J Rymmai.
Kong Pyrtuh urged that this type of construction which has been the source of income for the villagers for hundreds of years should be preserved and given special recognition in order to promote these types of activities.
Malik said the problem of farmers should not be discussed solely on the basis of the government's minimum support price (MSP).
He said that the office has issued forms to the beneficiaries to inform the office whether these pigs are sick or how they are so that it will be easier for the department to visit them.
He said that 100 units of electricity will be distributed to the affected households monthly and 1 percent of the electricity will be distributed for development works in the area.
Speaking on the recent reports that some truck drivers have been shot by RMEIA members, Samla Donaldson said it is not true that some truck drivers have been shot because they are not. “I want to say clearly that as the residents of the area we don't feel any difference if you come to work in the area. “If you are from any area and what language do you speak, if you come right to work, not to make promises and make a name for yourself,” he added.
Luckystar Shylla scored the first goal for West Madan Mustem in the 53rd minute.
The MIECC also said that international trade in Garo Hills has already been started.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong congratulated all the residents who have been elected to hold the post of Waheh Shnong for a term of three years.
Shillong, July 07: The National Green Tribunal on 31st October 2016 has issued an order that no coal will be allowed to be mined before 15th June 2016 and that all coal will be accepted by the government. and auctioned in accordance with the law to protect the environment and also to prevent the pollution caused by the cleaning or sale of coal.
Three of the rapists were bombed in Maroda village, 73 kilometers west of Gurugram.
The Government should not impose rules on the number of political parties in the state.
If you don't have anything else, please contact the CEM and Bah Pyniaid who is the MDC of Sohryngkham.
She also said that the BJP realized that the elections were around the corner and so it started the false promise – which it is very good at.
Shillong, July 22: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Governor of Meghalaya will approve the Ordinance passed by the Government on the Parliamentary Secretaries.
In this regard, the police have lodged a complaint registered at Sadar Police Station for further investigation under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and the Explosive Substances Act.
He said that to save this dead elaka, the EC will think carefully and will discuss carefully in the council meeting.
She praised the KAS for its hard work in the past years and said that the state government will not rest in its efforts until it is successful.
The flooding on the highway has also caused heavy traffic jam, especially for those who want to go to Shillong and also those who want to go to parts of Guwahati.
Like a little bird that sings happily, I don't have any questions;
Shillong: Meghalaya will elect its two members to the Lok Sabha on 11th June
The College has also been recognized by the NAAC on 3rd July 2018 with the rank of Grade-B. Members of the Khasi Students Union East Jaintia Hills District (KSU) have called on the KSU East to consider the closure of the NHAI Toll Gate at Lumshnong. The Additional Deputy Commissioner, EJHD, Bah Jonathan Shylla today met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner, EJHD, Bah Jonathan Shylla and discussed the issue. task.
Shillong: There have been 541 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 409 recoveries and 8 deaths.
KSU Kupli Area Circle, on receiving the incident, has lodged a written complaint with the Assistant Executive Engineer of MePDCL, Shangpung Sub-Division, W Dkhar.
They don't believe and don't think why the KHADC is doing this!! It has done this so that the foreigners will be removed from selling there and you the owners will get land and the Government has planned to build a market where the market vendors (Khasi) can sit and sell there.
If the NPP is listening to the people, it should not have joined hands with the BJP,” said Andrew.
The world cannot influence true worship.
It is a very sweet soh when eaten with it.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell on 13th March met with the Directors of DSEL & DERT, Swapnil Tembe (IAS) and Kong RS Manner regarding the absence of Science teachers at Rymbai Govt Secondary School and the non-implementation of two schools in Byndihati, the Residential School and the Block Teachers Training Institute.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: There are 1241 employees under the SSA program in Meghalaya and the State Government has spent T. crore per annum to pay salary.
This was achieved after beating Iawmulong Nartiang 3-0 in the first quarter final match at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Tuesday.
He was speaking at the Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra program held at Laitkseh village in Mawryngkneng Block of East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya.
“From the very beginning we want to eradicate all fraud in sports, as we can see in the certificates of the children who are being brought for screening.
Nongpoh: The COVID-19 Entry Checkpoint, which used to be located at 13Mer Tamulkuchi, has been relocated to a place near Bynihat Market, Nongthymmai Byrnihat Village, Ri Bhoi District.
The illegal operation of these Coke factories is leading to illegal mining of coal in the State despite the promises of the State Government," the Court said while also referring to a fresh petition received illegal mining in South Gro Hills.
Everyone I have met has been using this mobile phone especially those parents who have children who are still in primary school to secondary school.
We are also sorry that this article is political in that it says that Madhya Pradesh has passed an anti-conversion law in 2021, because if they do a little research, they will find that the Bill It was first introduced in 1968 when the Congress party was in power.
“We went to the scene to stop them after the incident,” said the president of the village, Ruhini Kumar Rabha. Boko Police Station Incharge Phanindra Chandra Nath and Boko Revenue Circle Officer Dibash Bordoloi visited the village and held talks with people from both the states.
Justice Singh said Islam was charged with serious offenses under Section 29 of the POCSO Act,
Those who do not distribute, who exceed the price should complain immediately in writing to the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Civil Sub-Division giving their names and village. so that transgressors may be punished.
Shillong: There has been a clash between Khasi and Khar Metor in Them Metor this evening after a child was shot dead by robbers who believed to be Dkhars. residents of Them Metor, according to the report.
¢Do not stand near electrical signs on the ground, stay at least 18 meters away from broken signs.
Ma Madal said that in the past few years, there have been many incidents of deaths and injuries in the coal mines, operated by Coal India. If so, the question is why the company has been allowed to participate in the planning. he is from Meghalaya.
The funeral service of Ma Jrup Suchiang will be held on 03.07.2021 at 10:00 am at the Shangpung Moosyiem Cemetery.
Neighbours, said that the two parents, had disappeared together, in a love affair and fled to an unknown place.
Others accused in the incident, including Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and his Deputy Minister DK Shivakumar, have also been summoned before the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate.
In the Jaintia District Council, there are seven MLAs, while there are 29 MDCs, who contest elections and one elected by the state government.
On the other hand, UDP General Secretary Bah Jemino Mawthoh said that the party strongly condemns the attack by the BSF against a government official on the 11th of this month in Muktapur village. in Amlarem Block, West Jaintia Hills.
Modi will leave for Mangaluru in Dakshina Kannada district and hold a street rally at 6 pm.
The death toll in Delhi has risen to 395 with 24,235 new cases.
He said the country has experienced many events related to the construction of a New India in the 75 years of this Legislative Assembly and now it is an opportunity to show respect to the people of India. India.
Also present on the occasion were Rimaya S. Manar, MCS, Director of DERT, Government of Meghalaya, Pastor Banker Shadap Manar, Pastor Calme Shadap Manar, Sunday Manar, Officer in Charge of Jowai Police Station and many others. government officials.
Regarding the revenue and expenditure of the Council from mineral resources from 1.4.2022 to 30.9.2022, the revenue was T.59,61,04,063 and the expenditure was T.59,0 18,96,113/-.
The referee had to add extra time for 50 minutes.
Pius was accompanied by GG Bung Snaitang President UDP Ranikor Circle and his supporters.
A cake was also cut to mark the 125th Anniversary of the Church in the village.
A resident of Shangpung Pohshnong West Jaintia Hills District has rescued an endangered animal which is also an important animal that helps in maintaining the health of the soil.
Besides getting zero from Garo, they now enter the piggery farm of Conrad Sangma just to get food to survive while he gives them enough food, whether it is scoop, jhur, sma, iwbih or iwtung.
More than 1000 farmers in Ranikor Block, South West Khasi Hills District have been affected by the destruction of crops by wild boars and about 50 houses including houses in farmland and About 10 people have been affected by the attack by wild boars suspected to be refugees from Garo Hills.
In the second leg, Sailung Ialong won the title by beating Mynthong 2-0
When they understood, they were shocked and it was difficult to break the chains,” said the father.
The suspension of recruitment in Government departments has affected the working methods of the Government and also affected tens of thousands of Government job seekers who are nearing the age of application.
“He opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; until he sits in the temple of God, showing himself to be God" (2 Thess. 2:4).
They said that according to their knowledge, it has been done for hundreds of years and continues to this day, but this sudden arrival, the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram cannot accept at all.
Not only children but social media has affected the society especially when the elderly use social media until there have been cases where it has caused grief in the family.
These include 37 individuals and 10 foreign entities.
The party will monitor this call for applications so that it will be clean and without any discrimination in all the posts.
This was announced by the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State, Bah FR Kharkongor in an interview with the media. election campaigning and other violations of election rules.
“The spread of this disease will end only if we work together and follow the health guidelines,” said the KSU leaders. The public is advised to stay at home during these hours of curfew to avoid any inconvenience.
In this regard, the BDOs have been directed that if they need to stay for 2 or 3 days to enroll the people, the government will provide them so that all the people can register their names on the Adhaar Cards. He said that the government appeals to all the people to have a healthy lifestyle so that they can benefit from various schemes. in every household to register for Adhaar.
In other matches, Khadsawphra College, Mairang beat NEHU, Shillong 3-1 and Shillong College beat Ri Bhoi Synod 6-0 College, Umsning.
Sailung Ialong beat Khimusniang 4-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 10: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has decided to lift the office blockade on the 11th and 12th of this month after receiving a promise from the Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dkhar, who assured that the road will be improved and repaired by filling the roads with stones.
On the same day, Jamaican Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce, who won the 100m title in April, won her fourth world title in the 100m in Eugene. US Open tennis champion Carlos Alcaraz has won the World Breakthrough of the Year award.
In a letter to the Chief Minister, Gokhale said, “I will wait for your reply and set a date at any time you like in the first month of April to discuss. and any Minister of the MDA Government whom you elect against me.
Over the days and months, the MDA government has faced criticism from many political parties, civil society, the public and the private sector for its working methods.
In Laitumkhrah market, there are many fish shops because there are many shopkeepers on the road.
Shillong, Lber, 09: The Meghalaya Pre-Primary School Teachers Association (MPPSTA) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Donald P. Wahlang. to remind regarding the release of the salary increase by the Government from 1st July, 2023 which has not been paid yet.
Rakkam said this was done to prepare the children and youth of the state if they need to take various examinations across India.
Guwahati: The Assam government has imposed a curfew in Guwahati.
Ronnie said the CAB should be strongly opposed as it will destroy the minority.
Bhattacharjee also alleged that Chaubey tried to withdraw money from the Federation budget and use AIFF money for his personal purposes.
Isaac Paullungmuan Vaiphei, a resident of Churachandpur District, has written to the Board for 10 months to allow him to take matriculation examination, but has not received a reply.
In the midst of these discussions to re-transfer Block-1 to Meghalaya, the Assam Government on 15.10.1969 in a letter No.B.124/1321 has conducted a survey alone and will cover many areas. The land of the Jaintia Hills District Council (because the Jaintia people have received the land of the District Council) of Meghalaya.
Ranveer Singh has taken the title of India's most valued celebrity from Virat Kohli after the actor earned $181.7 million from his advertisements alone.
They are like ten thousand.
Another issue raised was that the BSF troops visit every house in Umkiang and take pictures of the godowns of the residents. It surprises the villagers who are stupid and don't have any evil thoughts inside them.
Riki MukhimI don't want to speak the truth, but to reveal the truth, I don't have to reveal the truth. forests, forests, and herbal medicines are beginning to decline or may even disappear.
On the other hand, the residents also demanded that the state government should provide special security measures for the residents of Tronglaobi.
Prestone also slammed VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit for accusing and blaming religious leaders, village authorities, civil society leaders and political party leaders for failing to and they have corrupted the nation, saying that he alone is righteous.
:The Chief Secretary Prestone Tyngsong has urged the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to come back to continue the peace talks with the Government. The state to send the top leaders of the party is because the leaders authorized by the party to conduct the peace talks cannot take any decision without sending a message to the top leaders of the party. .
“It is also a great pride and honor for our State that India has started to recognize us from small States,” said Bah Finely L Pariat.
Conclusion of the statement by the President of KYWM Khroo L Pariat.
The RBYF leader said that the RBYF cannot accept the construction of the road by the DCC, because according to the findings of the RBYF, they have gone to throw stones. from Wah Umiam near Umlatar village to clean the road from Umsning-Sonidan and at the same time the union opposes the operation of heavy vehicles, which were carried from a parmaw near Mawhati to drop off on the road to Mawlasnai, where the traffic of heavy vehicles has completely destroyed the village roads and even the PMGSY roads connecting the area.
He said that the indigenous people no longer need to apply for NOC from the district councils except for foreigners and groups.
The program was conducted by Dr. Teibor Papang, Assistant Professor of the College. in the Second Handholding Session.
This was announced by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem CEM of KHADC while talking to reporters at his office today.
Since the Khasi States have not become the Provinces of the District Council or the Government of Assam, there is a need for a more accurate arrangement. 25.01.1950 The Khasi States (Administration of Justice) Order, 1950TRH was issued in Meghalaya (from 21.01.
Speaking on the status of the ethnic groups in Meghalaya, he said, “Anyone who is not a Khasi is a Dkhar” and then said, “Now the Dkhar rules”.
Revelation 20:1-3
The people of Manipur living in Meghalaya took part in this mass march.
The JSM, ER would like to remind that in Jaintia Hills, which is within 60KM, there are two NHAI lump gates, one at Ialong and one at Lumshnong, which are operational 24 hours a day. tax on commercial vehicles, small and heavy and private vehicles from abroad passing through this highway, on the basis of maintenance of this highway in accordance with the rules of the Ministry of Roads and Transport, Government of India.
Darilin Tang is the only candidate from the North East.
In fact, the young woman should have gone to Halakandi, the village where her relatives live.
They said that the incumbent MLA has not visited their village even after three years.
Ronnie, Congress MLA from Mylliem constituency, said this during the Question Hour in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, AAP MLAs have stood together to support Kejriwal, saying that there is no law to prevent him from leading the party. government while in prison.
However, by doing so, it strengthened its defenders and extended its lead to 2-0 in the first half.
This type of injection drug is said to be powerful and dangerous to human health if it enters the body. healthy people.
Many passengers of the bus were injured especially the driver.
Scientists got this idea from Noah's ark, which is according to the Bible, but this time, the ark will no longer be on earth or on the water. , however, will be on the lunar surface.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that there have been four private companies who have come forward to apply for licenses to start mining and now there are about 15-1 Many of them have also received a licence.
The MLA said that the Assam government will have to set up and maintain a police station at Umwali and others have no right to interfere because it is the land of Assam and the station has been built. The funds are also allocated through the Assam government.
On the one hand, St Edmund's College has recognized itself as a Minority Institution, but according to the NCMEI Act, it cannot be so because in Meghalaya this does not fit in terms of demographics. , that St Edmund's College is a minority institution.
Nongpoh: The District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District today raided the shops of illegally building houses on the premises of MeECL at Lad Umroi. Bhoi District.
On this occasion, besides honoring this young man, there were also speeches and encouragement by these elders who expressed their pride in the emergence of talented young men which is an honor not only for the family. the family, the community and for the state and the country as a whole.
The video, which was posted on the BSF's Twitter account, shows that it was a bus heading to Balat.
The farmers here have cultivated rice, sugarcane, latyrpad and sohniamtra.
It is worth mentioning that this dew lynnong in Umïam has revealed many things such as the climate change, the good work of the contractor who built the road, the reliance of the state only on the Water-borne electricity is no longer a reliable source of electricity and many of these things can be witnessed.
There are many youngsters both men and women who have the ability to play sports but due to lack of assistance they have to fall behind because of poverty where they have to spend their time in the fields to support their families. family, to your own needs.
Shillong: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Convener of the Revolution for the Defense of the Country, on Tuesday said that it is sad that the people have to come forward to express their demands against the oppression of the people. do not accept the helm of affairs.
The Congress has not yet announced its candidates in the urban and rural constituencies. From Jaiaw Constituency, there are three candidates from the party, H. Bareh, P. Nongrum and u N.Shullai, said that the party has sent these candidates to the District Election Committee.
“I was surprised to hear that one of the men said that he knew that the trucks passing through Shillong, passing through the Khasi Hills, carried goods weighing more than 40 metric tonnes,” he said.
The Local Trucks Association (LTA) is an association of commercial trucks from Mylliem, Mawmaram, Mawngap, Mawjrong, Smit, Mawblei, Laitkor and others.
He also urged the students to be responsible youth in the home, to be youth who walk the path with dignity and especially to be youth who have a goal. in their lives to work hard so that they can reach the goal they want in their lives.
In this regard, the Governor said that he has promised to take action.
It is for this reason that the treatment of the patients has not been provided properly.
We can do this easily because even the Supreme Court has ruled that immigrants cannot claim to be ST, SC or OBC in the state where they have migrated.
It is also at this time that the admission of first year students has continued according to the old syllabus as until now there has been no directive from NEHU to admit students. It is on this basis that the teachers have requested the Academic Council not to implement the NEP from the 2023 academic year.
Have they ever asked who is the cause of these, whether it is only the responsibility of the leaders or the government authorities or whether it is also the lack of responsibility of the residents.
The Nagaland government has issued an order on 30th November 2007, allowing those who wish to apply for Grade IV jobs, from 18 to 35 years of age.
Shillong, Lber 03: U Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA Mawsynram, today asked the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, whether he should sit as a member of the ruling or opposition party. that he was suspended from the Congress party for three years.
Khliehriat Jymmang 11: According to a statement from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, the office has received information that some residents are burning forests near tower No.211-2 The deforestation has damaged the power line and affected the Power Transmission System and this will also lead to a power outage.
Therefore, He urged all to continue in this good work.
Explaining publicly on the statement that he has spent too much time, Bah Lapang said that this statement came from the mouths of other parties that are against me, but while the supporters They say that I am ready to fight, so I have to believe what the supporters say, not what others who oppose say.
On this occasion, u Bah Metbah laid wreaths at the monument to commemorate his contribution especially to the Khasi alphabet and to serve the community in many ways. a statue of Thomas Jones on the ground floor of the office of the Thomas Jones School of Mission.
Nongpoh: The family members of Samla Badskhem Syiemlieh, a youth from Umniuh Khwan village, who has been missing since the 17th of this month, have requested the public to inform the police if they see him. Please call 98622 30391/7085085717/9862161298/9
He said that the state government has been able to compile the State Disaster Management Plan and it will be appropriate to participate in this HADR. , brought shock to the people in the northeast and they realized the importance of preventing such a thing from happening.
These villages have signed an agreement with the government to implement the city cleanliness scheme funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
Karan Johar has not yet confirmed when he will remake his hit film Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, but he has already decided to star in his new film. , are Ranveer Singh, Alia Bhatt and Janhvi Kapoor.
Shillong, July 30 : Meghalaya's journey in the Senior Women's One Day Trophy has come to an end after losing their last match by nine wickets. Punjab will play against Nagpur on Sunday.
To remain silent on this issue is not right because the people themselves are the ones who are facing difficulties if there is no action from the authorities and the Government.
These things saith the living God, in the light and with a loud voice from heaven.
Does the lack of school buses in Shillong affect the rich or the poor? Government employees don't understand much because many senior officers have their own government vehicles and drivers to take their children. their.
therefore it is wrong to think that those who have been Christians for 60 or 70 years will receive a higher reward, while those who have been Christians for only ten years will receive a lower reward.
The Central Government has many schemes, flagship programmes, missions to develop the States whether it is in the field of health, education, roads or others. also with the 'Thong' in the implementation of them but what happened? Do these thongs reach the thong you have set? Meghalaya is one of the States which has delayed the vision of the Central Government and this fact has been witnessed by many flagship programmes, missions and projects which have been laid the foundation stone.
Only three years later, in 1948, the UN unexpectedly announced that Israelis (Jews) around the world should return to their homeland and re-establish the Kingdom of Israel.
Tura: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, will file his nomination papers tomorrow as the National People's Party (NPP) candidate for the South Tura Constituency.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, first of all, congratulated the leaders of Jirang Mandal, who have been able to hold this public meeting. The BJP Jirang Mandal has invited the people of Patharkhmah area to attend the meeting.
“It is a shame for Jaintia Hills which is rich in many ways,” said Roy.
The Commission's work against drugs and other benefits will continue.
Hep replied, 'I don't know.
Benedic has started his anti-party activities since the party ordered him to step down from the post of CEM in GHADC but he refused to step down because he asked for the support of the TMC MDCs. He did not win the election for the new CEM which was held in July this year.
There are 19 cases in Laitumkhrah, 8 cases in Nongmynsong, 7 cases in Nongthymmai, 7 cases in Riatsamthiah, 4 cases in Sohra and others.
The Mi-17 V5 is one of the oldest helicopters in use by the Indian Air Force.
Deiwitawan Synnah started his career as a child and composed songs and also sang himself and has been involved in the release of songs on several albums.
When asked – Why do you have to do this? Government officials said that it is a precautionary measure to avoid the spread of COVID-1
Those who have the disease will have to quarantine at the government quarantine facility, while those who do not have the disease will have to quarantine for 9 days at the government quarantine facility and another 7 days. in his house.
Nongstoiñ, July 15: : West Khasi Hills District is a district rich in beautiful tourist attractions, but due to the lack of roads and the lack of tourism department, the tourist attractions have been destroyed. They have remained shrah as they are to this day.
Five schools including Christian Academy Higher Secondary School, Pearly Dew Higher Secondary School, St. Dominic's Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School have participated in the tournament. , Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, Government Boys Higher Secondary School and the Seng Khasi College (Higher Secondary Section).
These five wrestlers were welcomed by the RBYF today at Nongpoh under the leadership of Bah P Kylla Finance Secretary, Bah Bawantippor Marweiñ, President Samla Aristone Manbha Ryndongsngi. Nongpoh Circle with clothes and flowers as a sign of pride.
Nongpoh, November 02: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Umden Circle today held a Blood Donation Camp at the Engineering Civil Office of the Umden Circle. Umroi Airport is located in Umden Village, Ri Bhoi District.
The program was organized in collaboration with Shlem Jingkyrmen VO led by Ailibon Khriam as President and Tbeh Jingshai VO led by Synsharlang Kharsahnoh as President and leaders from various SHGs.
However, your rule will be lost if you have a weak opponent.
In anger at the delay in the verdict, Jayaprakash destroyed the judge's vehicle, which was parked outside the court, in the presence of many people.
Here the income is stable although it increases slowly and we have to stop at the age of
He said that the UDP MLAs from 2018-2023 have always praised Prestone Tynsong and Conrad K Sangma as skilled leaders of the state.
Speaking to the Times of India, the woman said, “I feel like my brother-in-law and he speaks exactly the same Punjabi voice as we do. you talk at home.
She also expected that there will be a better research to find out more about the precious treasures of knowledge about the Syiems of Khasi Jaintia, especially this hero of the Hima Maharam, who contributed to the Hima Maharam. many in the war against the foreigners in the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Nongstoiñ, March 4: U Kynsaiborlang Wahlang, 26, of Lumpyngngad village, West Khasi Hills, has died after being shot dead by a pyrthat. They were only hurt.
This will also show that the BJP Meghalaya is taking not only the schemes of the central government but especially the ILP,” he said.
Speaking at a rally against the railway line at Umrynjah, the President of the KSU said that the KSU has initially walked on a slow path but the government has started attacking the members of the KSU. The party will not surrender for the sake of the country and the nation.
c to 10p.
Shillong: As part of the efforts to curb the spread of corona virus in the state especially in East Khasi Hills, the DC's office has announced to re-impose a night curfew from 31st July to 8th July 2020 from 9 pm to 5 pm in East Khasi Hills.
Regarding HIV/AIDS, he said that public awareness campaigns are essential for the public to understand and through cooperation we will be able to improve health and support those who have contracted HIV/AIDS. Speaking on the spread of drugs, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, expressed his concern over the rapid increase in the number of drugs. He urged the youth to avoid drugs.
The Acting President of the Union Rangbah Kur of Bri U Hynniewtrep, Bah RL Kharpran, said that he does not agree that children should be given both the father's and mother's clan because in the Khasi custom, only the mother's clan is given.
All the drivers were injured and were immediately taken by Ambulance
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said after the Cabinet meeting, that the state government has approved the preparation of the Meghalaya Procurement Preference Policy,
Police had to fire in the air to disperse the crowd at the Civil Hospital, Tura.
The farmers in this regard have relied solely on the assistance of the government in finding ways to meet their losses due to the damage to all the crops in the fields. they did not cultivate the fields and the fields.
Meloni said she does not want to discuss the issue in the future and will not talk about her future.
Hummus is one of the foods that can contain fiber.
Grace Mary Kharpuri, the candidate of the party, played the election campaign song and it was seen that Grace and Pynshngaiñ came down from the stage to dance with the party. public.
Most of those severely affected have had temporary accommodation ready for them for three months.
The woman, who has other illnesses, tested positive for the virus on Tuesday.
He said that he has worked tirelessly on behalf of the party as a member appointed to discuss the issue of Reservation Policy.
“It's a very important thing,” said Faissal.
Shillong: There have been 569 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, including 173 cases in East Khasi Hills, 85 cases in Ri Bhoi and 80 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
Because I am a Khasi Pnar.
Alan Niangti said the Market Committees of these markets are ready to cooperate with the union to close the markets to clean up the garbage which has been stagnant since November
He also recalled the time when he received his own sohtrun wine, which had a writing and packed it inside a beer bottle, which gave him the idea to take steps to promote the winemakers who skilled and experienced in the work along with the beauty of their dress.
Tomorrow, Ri Bhoi, which used to be the food bowl of the state, will be filled with quarries, farmland of the townspeople and street houses.
The top scorer was awarded to Buddy of Nonghali FCK while the best player was awarded to V.F.C. and Strength.
At this meeting, the Soo Langdohs including Kongwasan Chyrmang, Jowai, Tuber and Ialong announced the dates of the Behdieñkhlam Festival for the year
When asked whether the pork has any harm, Bah Lyngwa said that the doctors have explained that there is no harm in eating pork because it is just a fever. that meat vendors may sell in the market except those who are sick.
As a result of the electric shock, the child sustained injuries to his fingers, toes and chest.
But in elections, you never have friends.
In the past years, the winners of Miss Meghalaya have represented different states in many parts of the beauty pageant and other events outside the state.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 10: “The government's inability to formulate and introduce adequate laws and procedures in the fields of employment, trade, agriculture and health, “It has been the main reason for the backwardness of our State since we got our own State 44 years ago,” said Suspicious L Mawphlang. Campaign for Change was held on Thursday at Riangdo Market.
When I speak and reveal the truths, there are many paths that are steep or even steep from behind.
“The Waheh Shnongs are elected by the people of the villages and have the authority to advocate for the welfare of the villages.
Gomtare said these factories have been ordered to supply good quality rice in the next six months, otherwise they will face penalties according to the rules.
“Every day we can sell, we sell 30 boxes a day,” said some of the traders.
“The ILP is an issue that we have discussed from time to time.
Seeking the support of the people in the protest, Dr Mukul said the Congress will not allow the NPP-led government to carry out this task.
AH Scott Lyngdoh represented Jaïaw Constituency twice between 1993 and 2003 and retired from the government in 1987 as Chairman of Delhi Agriculture Marketing. Board.
The Cathlab Laboratory offers the advantage of 3D Electrophysiological Mapping to determine the condition of the blood vessels before treatment.
Where does the tip go? Yes; In terms of international mix-marriages, we cannot stop a woman, but if she chooses to do so, she must follow her husband or companion as soon as possible. say to us.
Up to seven teams from Sokha Government High School, Sokha, Kiang Nangbah College, Jowai and two teams from Bharat Scouts and Guides participated in the competition.
The 17 MLAs, who are Parliamentary Secretaries, include Coming One Ymbon, Parliamentary Secretary, Mining and Geology, Soil and Water Conservation, Samuel M. Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary, Housing. , U Limison D.Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary of Transport, Commerce and Industries, U Winnerson D.Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary of Home(Police), Education, U Kennedy Cornelius Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary of Tourism, Arts and Culture, U Cherak W. Momin, Parliamentary Secretary of Public Works Department(Roads), Brigady Marak, Parliamentary Secretary of Agriculture, Public Works Department(Buildings), Sengnam Marak, Parliamentary Secretary of Health and Family Welfare, Fisheries, Rophul S.Marak, Parliamentary Secretary i/c Community and Rural Development, Information and Public Relation, Robinus Syngkon, Parliamentary Secretary, i/c Horticulture, Legal Metrology, Micheal T.Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary i/c Excise, Justine Dkhar, Parliamentary Secretary of Education, i/c Social Welfare, U Ashahel D.Shira, Parliamentary Secretary i/c of ​​Water Resources, U Stephanson Mukhim, Parliamentary Secretary i/c Sports and Youth Affairs, Cooperation, U Celestine Lyngdoh, Parliamentary Secretary i Agriculture, Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, U Noverfield R.Marak, Parliamentary Secretary i/c Public Health Engineering Urban Affairs, U Marthon Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary of Forest and Environment, Information Technology.
Regarding this issue, Bah Phrancis Wanniang in the presence of Bah Johnfisher Syiem Sordar of Kyndongei Village, expressed their concern over the deterioration of the road.
The highest number of deaths was reported from Maharashtra with 419 and Delhi with
It is for this reason that the ban on heavy vehicles has caused problems to the people as they used to use this road to transport their food items to Guwahati.
In this regard, the Court said, “Because the allegation of quarrying and selling shun to the public with the permission of the State Government could not be proved compared to the first complaint, the plaintiff was allowed to file a The affidavit added that he should express his views on the current situation.
If you want a clean MLA, a clean Meghalaya government, you are the voters.
The AIM Meghalaya State Unit in a statement said that it will have to stand up and demand from the Government authorities to introduce strong protections on the health of the people. Everyone who is still alive on this earth should be known as “FOOD SECURITY”.
The workshop was sponsored by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District.
“I would also like to tell the government that if it continues like this, I am afraid that there will be young people who will take the difficult path to take up arms. “These things happen and the government should understand its responsibility,” he added.
We have to walk according to the path of work.
Mukul said there are two parts and these are important, one is the implementation and the other is related to the law.
“However, the owners are Khasi, therefore the Council cannot do anything when this happens because a foreigner has received NOC from the Syiem of Mylliem to set up shops,” said Bah War.
Girl's Higher Secondary School, Shillong where the districts that have joined the Association participated.
Thadlaskein C&RD Block is the largest development block in West Jaintia Hills. It has 114 villages and 114 VECs.
The Government has dismissed the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Garod LSN Dykes and will replace him with CP Gotmare IAS who is currently the Joint Secretary to the Education Department. you will be sent to Ma Garod.
Most of these claims have arisen because the focus has been only on young children and children who are still in school.
Lunch time came and everyone took their own tiffin to eat.
The piggery farming scheme has been received through the Ministry of Animal Husbandry, Dairy and Fisheries and will be supervised by the Veterinary Department of the Government. state.
The Sachar Committee said that only 2 percent of Muslims are employed in government.
And to meet the needs of many churches from family members, friends, the community, the village and the village youth organizations.
The killing of five persons has shocked and no one from Mukroh village has been happy yet, because the shooting was not far away and in the forest, but near the village. , the residents added.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 27th October said that there are 103 VIPs in different parts of Meghalaya who are under adequate security.
After looking through the news coverage, the MHRC took up the case by collecting evidence, asking questions on June 17, 2021.
Besides these delicacies, the guests also enjoyed a variety of delicious dishes such as Gouda Croquette with berry compote, Beer batter fish with lemon aioli, BBQ Chicken, Sautéed Prawns, Wild Mushroom Vol Au Vent and more.
When we look at the state of agriculture, as the times have passed, agriculture has declined steadily.
Shillong: The Nongstoiñ-Wahkaji road in Nongkynjang area has been flooded by heavy rainfall this morning.
Warjri said the government has done this in order to bring about cleanliness in the villages and townships of Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : The West Jaintia District Sports Association (MAA) has selected four athletes to represent Meghalaya at the Patna, Bihar to the 18th National Inter District Junior Athletics Meet (NIDJAM).
Nitu beat Asian Games champion Alua Balkibekova of Kazakhstan 5-2 while Saweety came second in the tournament. Sue-Emma Greentree of Australia beat Sue-Emma Greentree 4-3 in the final of the tournament.
Speaking on the occasion, Helen Giri said that at the time of the establishment of the History Department, there were very few students.
Shillong: The Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), Gurujit Singh, on Tuesday said that no resident of the Metor area should be allowed to illegally reside in the Harijan Colony. The Punjabi people in the Mawlong market area live.
Let's see how it works now.
“I met Rev Basaiawmoit alone and asked him whether he would contest from the party.
On the right side of the Governor's seat, a place has been prepared for the Syiems, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs.
He also urged the people and especially the school children to have good health and good spirit as taught by Mahatma Gandhi.
However, in the homes, markets and villages, the Local Dialect is spoken almost throughout the State.
Now there is no feast in Israel.
Bah Process first left for Nongkohlow where he was welcomed by the Rangbah Shnong Bah A.Kharwanniang and the village officials.
IT IS BETTER TO BUY 1500 SHI BYRNI AND EAT WITH PEACE OF SOUL, THAN TO BUY 1200 AND EAT WITH PEACE OF SOUL. LAH IF YOU HAVE THAT I.L.PNGIN, YOU CAN ONLY BEH MYNDER.
The Jewish crowd came to see that Shah had been killed in the square.
He is a man who comes from a very poor family and belongs to the Isai Vellalar clan.
Besides United, Lajong will also prepare for two home matches on the 19th against Diamond Rock Football Club and East Bengal on the 29th.
Vehicles have been standing in line since 9 pm until the time of writing of this news, where vehicles heading to Shillong, have not been able to pass, but have had to clean up. from the office of the Department of Agriculture in Hynriewmer and so on.
So, if the ILP is in your hand, why don't you go to Delhi? The Advocate General (KS Kynjing) has already suggested that separate legislation should be required for the land in the GHADC.
He said that if there is a large church, these 12 households will not get water because the church has to provide for those who come to church, but for those who do not have a large church, these households will not get water. kin tan.
The party also prayed for the rest of the soul of this widow and for the peace of her relatives, especially for her children.
However, when we tried to talk to some of the MDCs of the party, we could not confirm this.
The President of the KSU said that it is true that many of the school children do not know anything about the heroes of our country because they have not been included in their textbooks.
The goal is to raise awareness across India through the theme of "Suposhit Bharat, Sakshar Bharat, Sashakt Bharat" which is empowered).
The collision was severe in which the Autorickshaw skidded off the road into a vegetation area and the Bolero also fell off the road.
Naga Hoho President UP Chuba Ozukum has made it clear that the party will not allow the elections to be held this time.
He said that he asked this question after as a church leader or even others, after a thorough examination of the situation in the society, he saw that there is no hope, if it comes to the destruction. “Houses are destroyed because there is no love among them and no respect for others, and this shows clearly that as human beings we waste and waste our lives only for things that are useless.
Nongpoh, Nailar, 27: The deterioration of the 9 km road from Bhoirymbong to Kyrdem has caused a lot of trouble to the people. This is a great opportunity for all the people who have to use this road for transportation.
Ahmedabad: Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut has said that she will contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections if Lord Krishna blesses her.
He said that the market for kwai has also declined over the years and so has the price of soh in the past few years.
“If we make a mistake in electing the rich, our nation will be like this and in the end we will have to meet with the CRPF. from Jaintia Hills and bought votes in Bhoi and won,” he said.
About 3,000 athletes will compete in 22 sports at the tournament.
Chetia said that if Parliament passes the bill to allow the minorities to migrate, it will allow the ULFA (I) to strengthen itself.
Challienkhum Songate, Principal Secretary, Department of Labour, Department of Labor, Challienkhum Songate (IRS) was also present as the Chief Guest and Isawanda Laloo, IAS as the Chief Guest.
The NPP-led MDA Government is not corrupt as has been witnessed in these days,” said the party.
But the Bible contains words of life and hope, and people from generation to generation have made the Bible speak.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, said that the employment rate is 80.7 per cent in the district.
Amigos 147 is a snooker and billiards venue which is also a restaurant and an academy to train children in these sports. .
At the congratulatory program held on Thursday at the market ground, MS Sangma, Director of Information and Public Relations, Government of Meghalaya, praised the Dorbar Shnong Laitumkhrah Pyllun for its support. which organizes the Trade Fair.
Marak admitted that the appointment of Ricky Chyne was on the basis that the parents of Ricky Chyne had donated the land to the department to build an office. Any member of the family may be appointed to the posts of Grade III and Grade IV Staff.
Nongpoh, June 28: Despite the disappointment after a strong cyclone destroyed and destroyed the venue of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India scheduled to be held from 27th June to 1st June 2022, which is Sunday and it was another encouragement to the authorities of this Assembly where the people in a spirit of sorrow came out to repair or improve the The Presbyterian Church will hold a pandal service at Umroi Madan.
He said that we have been prepared and the applications to be submitted will be on the 28th of this month. I don't want to stand for the BJP in this election.
In order to cool this room, they used to sprinkle water on the whole floor.
In order to cool this room, they used to sprinkle water on the whole floor.
