A mystery man from the Netherlands has built an ark, which he compares to Noah's ark, which weighs 2,500 tons, and will sail to Israel.
However, nothing has been done yet and it is due to the slowness of MePDCL to relocate these posts, that the construction of this road has not gone smoothly.
Officials from the Fire Department said that this was a difficult incident to fight besides the narrowness of the roads for water trucks, which made it difficult for them to try to extinguish the fire.
“It is clear that there is no order in the administration of customs and traditions, which has been authorized by the District Councils and besides these laws, there should also be a educational qualifications, which have been laid down along with the rules, for those who should contest the Rangbah Shnong election and then their term of office, salary and duties, which should go through the authority of the Rangbah Shnong,” said the Rangbah Shnong. The hearing today, which ended the legal battle over the powers of Rangbah Shnong.
Apmon Pashiang said that the Dorbar Shnong has set a target to complete more activities related to the conservation of the environment. Nongpoh, July 08: Due to the water shortage in Nongpoh, many residents of Nongpoh village have expressed their concern that the water level has increased. The residents of Nongpoh, the head quarter of Ri Bhoi District, have been facing a shortage of drinking water.
The union has put six questions to the Sports Department in this petition.
This is according to a statement sent by the District Medical and Health Officer, Dr. A Lyngdoh.
However, there was a friendly match between Ewanmidao Pyrtuh (24 runs) who came first and Dawanchwami Passah (25 runs) who came second, but WJH could not improve their scoring. she was left with little earnings.
“The introduction of the Roster System is obviously due to the order of the High Court of Meghalaya to the state government.
Earlier, the price of house timber in Ladrymbai was only T.180 to T.200 per cubic meter but now the price has increased to T.700 to T.800 per cubic meter.
This is one of the incidents of corruption and the spread of corruption has fallen, in which the leaders of the people, no longer care about the welfare of the people of the state, but to fill their own pockets. and therefore, Zenith, demands that these robbers should be punished.
Jowai, Naitung 12: The Sengkhihlang has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Tiewmihpli Lyngdoh from the Sein Raij Tuber. The Seng has decided how to promote the faith in the Khasi religion in the country.
The walls of the classrooms were painted with beautiful pictures which attracted especially the children to want to go to school.
UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh said that there is a feeling among many churches within the party that the incumbent President Metbah Lyngdoh will continue as President of the party.
However, tomorrow's match will be different because it is a big match.
Niall Horan has announced that his new album will be released in July on Instagram.
The Election Commission (ECI) has already fixed November 3 as the polling day in the four states including Mizoram, Madhya Pradesh, Chattisgarh, Rajasthan and Telangana.
Indeed, trees and forests are important in the struggle to preserve the environment.
Shillong, Nailur 06: Laitkroh SC and Pommura SC won the second leg of the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 on Tuesday at the 3rd Ground. you are the winner.
He said that Rule 9 has affected the council because of the appointment from one EC to another EC where they have appointed even though the post appointed is not necessary which has led to the increase in the number of employees and burden. payment to employees.
Jowai, Naiwieng 01: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
There are 23 teams in this tournament which are divided into five groups of three teams each.
“The Covid-19 pandemic, plus the huge amount of money, has affected us and these are our mistakes,” said Rajapaksa.
On receiving information about the incident, police rushed to the scene and rescued two others who were injured and are now at Ranikor PHC. The body was placed at Mawkyrwat PHC after the post mortem.
“Even though the opposition parties are trying to divide the nation and insult us, we urge the people to stand united and work together without hesitation to get back the rights we have lost,” said Bah Bani. .
In a statement, the NIA said the raid on Pannu's house and property was part of the fight against terrorist groups operating from other countries, including Canada.
I left my job in the face of the pandemic and looking back I am very happy that I did not regret my decision and now I expect that this job will grow in the future.
From childhood we have been taught that we should not feel that we are special members of the community, but like others, we too should follow that way of life, we should not be proud, we should not be proud. , we should not be afraid, it is a lesson and we will continue to be so,” said Ampareen.
Mawthoh said that after finding the incident, they immediately informed the police.
The Chairperson and members of the Meghalaya Lokayukta may serve for five years from the date of their appointment by the Governor or until they reach the age of
It is not good for those who despise the priests, the prophets, from the past and now there are those who despise the elders and pastors like this, if they do not repent, the redemption will remain in their hearts. of them before God because they do not obey the honorable “rulers” of the country.
When contacted, they said that they are from Amkoi village in War Jaintia, which is about 111km from Shillong.
A man identified as Tellme Talang, 31, has been shot dead by unidentified robbers on the Assam-Meghalaya border at Lapangap.
The HYC members are part of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission campaign which includes nine issues.
One bus can reduce the load of up to 50 small vehicles and this will reduce traffic jam, it was said at the meeting.
Shillong: The State Government today held a meeting with all religious groups in the State to maintain peace and order after the clashes in Motphran area in recent days.
Shillong: Members of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, to discuss various issues affecting the welfare of the people of Meghalaya. publishers as well as journalists.
Shillong, July 20: The Union Minister of State for Minority Affairs, John Barla on Tuesday directed the State Government to send a proposal for the recruitment of jobs. development in the state of Meghalaya.
The two schools that have been closed are Mawthawpdah Presbyterian Deficit Upper Primary School, Mawthawpdah and Mawthawpdah Government Lower Primary School (SSA). They have not received any explanation on many issues from the management and change of the name of the school as it used to be and especially the construction of the new building and throw away the old.
Vehicles from Shillong to Mawpat will run as usual and the road from Mawpat to Itshyrwat will be one lane.
The union expresses its strong opposition to this and at the same time supports the Saw Shnongs who are against this proposal of the company.
As volunteers, we have listened to what the leaders have fought.
The owners of these illegal coke factories were arrested by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on July 26 in the presence of Magistrates and DMRs. They have been charged under Shallang PS Case No.39( 12)2022 U/S 188/34/379/120 B IPC R/w Sec 3(1)/21(1) MMDR Act, R/w Sec 15 Environment (Protection) Act bad Sec 3 Explosive Substances Act.
Many times when the government introduces or builds any scheme, it has convinced the people to believe but after that, it has left it without any attention and this has led to many SHGs losing their lives. Not because the grant from the government has been spent, they don't know how to continue the work or how to stand on their own feet.
Shillong: Upper Shillong on Saturday morning, has been hit by a traffic jam in Upper Shillong.
Darshan Lal, who was supported by Brij Bhushan, and Secretary PC Locab, who took part in the competition, will contest for the post of Secretary-General.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner has directed the Superintendent of Police of East Jaintia Hills District to conduct an investigation.
This has caused a lot of trouble to the farmers or they have to fall behind to make space to avoid a vehicle that comes down or up, every time because of the small road and it causes a lot of trouble to the people of this road. the area or farmers who use this road to reach their farm or village.
The Pope's ceremony was held at St Peter's Basilica in the Vatican, which was a Mass in the Vatican City today.
R.Nongtri, Publicity Secretary of the RBYF, Western Zone, said that the power outage in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, has angered not only the leaders of the RBYF, but also the people. shisha, because the electricity supply in this area is more than enough.
The union's opposition to the company came after the Hynriew Shnongs of Narpuh Elaka strongly opposed the company's proposal and as the union as a whole which has a responsibility for the livelihood of the community. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything about it. We're going to have to protest against it, because there's also a wildlife sanctuary in this area and if we allow this company to mine coal, it will affect this area,” he said. It will also affect the fish in the Lukha River and they will become extinct.
However, Kumar admitted that the three were in a hurry and had to return to their home states.
“Today at the meeting, the government has decided to use both the Rapid Test Kit and the RTCPR to test all those who come back to Meghalaya,” said Prestone Tynsong.
The minister said that every 10 or 15 minutes, some people report that their mobile phones have been stolen.
“If you persevere!".
Shillong, 1 November 2015: On 30th July 2015, at 3 pm, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, You are invited to testify in the Committee Room, D Parliament House Annex, New Delhi, before the Department of Personnel, Public Grievances, Law & Justice, to give your opinion on the topic 'How to create opportunities for synergy between the judicial system, the tribal traditional courts and the courts of India.
It is learned that these cows should not be smuggled to Bangladesh because they do not have codes on their bodies.
Before the opening ceremony, a short welcome ceremony was held for the Downtown Hospital Guahati team.
As a responsible citizen, he explained why the Smart Town scheme through Urban Affairs has not been implemented yet, but only a few signboards and signs have been seen. airup.
The Governor, Ministers, MLAs of Ri-Lum Jaintia, MDCs and others were also present.
Regarding the sudden death of the youth, the family members of the youth have lodged a complaint at the Paltan Bazar Police Station. that the police should conduct an investigation and find out all the facts about the death of the young man.
Ardent called and urged Hamlet to go to the Lokayukta to investigate my MLA Scheme and his MLA Scheme along with the 10 lakh tyngka, to find out the truth.
Through this dialogue, we have achieved national consensus on policy formulation for renewable energy generation by forgetting the differences between political parties.
Kior admitted that many of the UDP supporters want him to contest the Umroi MLA ticket from the UDP and if the UDP members support him he is ready to contest the election. to the State Legislative Assembly in
Marbisu CC scored 108 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 20 overs.
KHNAM General Secretary Batkupar Wahlang said that KHNAM has decided at its CEC meeting held on 6th November to support Fenella after receiving her letter of support. from this organization.
It is up to the leaders and shepherds of the party to watch, watch and think carefully what they should do.
On the same day, it was seen that the longkmie longkpa and many of the elders of these three villages, marched, carrying flags and placards, which they expressed their opposition. They said that they do not accept the project at all.
He worked as a catechist in the past years, in 1962, in the Rithor of Assam and in 50 Khasi villages in Assam;  as well as in the areas of Badarpur, Karimganj and Highlands.
That is the impact of the pandemic, greater losses and damage will continue to come and can also be foreseen, for example unemployment, which is already there, will increase, job loss or eviction According to reports, about 300 people have lost their jobs in the tourist attractions in Sohra and out of the tens of thousands who have returned to the State, how many hundreds of people have left their jobs to others. where is the State? and how many of them were able to work other jobs? The sales and purchases in the market will decline and due to the shortage of goods, the purchasing power of the people will decline.
After the truck came to the scene, it was stopped by the police.
Finally, as a unique and knowledgeable nation, we must not lose hope but with confidence we will be able to fully implement this KSCLB Act which is a STIEH to protect the nation, and we must remember that Clean marriage is indeed a threat to our small nation, and if we don't surprise people we will disappear one day.
“I will not say that they (NGT and Supreme Court) are wrong (to ban coal mining in Meghalaya) but what I am saying is that you have done something here and you are wrong. also to do something there.
“Esha, Ahana, Hema and all my beloved children, Takhtani and Vohra, I love and respect you from the bottom of my heart.
Khliehriat, June 16: During the 24 hours of the 15th and 16th of this month, the Border Security Force (BSF) of East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills District, seized 29 cows. They are smuggled into Bangladesh.
This letter was submitted to the Union Minister on 28th March
The program started at 1 pm with speeches by the leaders of the Group and former friends, in the presence of the Secretary of the Sohshira Union Bah PS Hynniewta, Bah Doh Tohtih and Bah Moon Sohkhlet. be the elders who have been together to encourage the Group at all times.
He suggested that government officials should visit every school and request to hold a meeting with the parents to explain to them and to reassure them that nothing will happen if their children who lives with this boss.
The themes of the drawing competition include, Water conservation: A visual exhibition on sustainable water conservation.
It is to be recalled that this tournament has been held in the past years, in which prominent football teams from the State and some from abroad have come to participate as well.
It cannot be denied that the movement of leaders from one party to another by leading their followers is very strong before the polling day and the race of the candidates is always won.
He will come out of Zion and turn away the ungodliness of Jacob (which means Israel).
Another lecturer of Political Science of the College has been appointed as the Warden of the Men's Hostel, he has also been appointed as the Warden of IGNOU. I am the DMC of West Jaintia Hills.
DSP Headquarters Bah M Marngar together with a police team rushed to the scene while the Magistrate and DSP together with nine vehicles of police and forest staff of KAAC arrived at the scene. .
Customary laws are the main sources of constitution for various countries in the world and many of the world's great powers have recognized them. The customary laws are called "Laws of Nation" while we here in Khasiland are struggling to violate and despise the customary laws and many of them are saying that they are dead.
The Synod has also written to the Syiem regarding the sale of the land after its staff visited the land on 11th November
Regarding the allegation against the leaders of KSU SWKHD, JACSO and LYWA, the JAC does not take them as an allegation but accepts that they are too young to be leaders, but they just want to Lead by force without proper thinking, the emergence of such leaders has confused the people.
Another part of the Nong language as the rapkhmat language is that it has nothing to do with the village language, but the tairai in its use refers to the same meaning of kyntoit shnong.
This is the price set by the Regulatory Commission even after requesting that the factories be expanded.
There has been a protest by the Assam Police to rebuild the police station, which was demolished in the past few days, at Zirikindeng, West Karbi Anglong district of the state. Assam.
The Chief Minister has distributed financial assistance of 19.10 lakh tyngka to 30 Producer Groups of North Garo Hills District involved in pig farming, cultivation of rice. sying you hook.
Pandya became the only all-rounder to top the top 20, after climbing seven positions.
Shillong: U Bah Syntar Klas Sun, MLA from Mawphlang constituency, today joined the United Democratic Party (UDP).
She is willing to shet and phone without caring for anyone.
(6) That the Government should provide training to the Rangbah Shnongs, Religious Leaders, Rangbah Kurs so that they can teach the villagers to avoid contact with foreigners.
There have been 158 recoveries in West Garo Hills, 70 cases including 20 high risk cases, 2 ILI cases, 2 screening cases, 44 cases from Cherangre. cluster and 2 persons from Dobasipara cluster.
However, Mizoram struggled to turn the two goals but couldn't get enough chances to score.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Kharkongor said that this day was a happy day in which the project was achieved through the collaboration and contribution of NABARD, MNREGA and MSRLS-NRLM. The market will be a blessing to the farmers where they can market their products in their villages and at the same time she advised the Self Help Groups (SHGs) to be united and work together because only unity can bring and achieve great things.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the people to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, in order to prevent the spread of the disease. how to protect the people and ensure that the disease does not spread to these areas.
Chembha Lamare, National Youth Volunteer, Laskeiñ Block, West Jaintia Hills District, also gave a speech.
Then he covered it with earth.
Besides this, it can damage the heart, kidneys, and blood pressure among others.
During the search, police recovered the body from the special compartment of the truck.
He said that there have been some cases where as a Rangbah Shnong at the same time as an employee of the Council he does not know whether to obey the Council or to obey the village as Rangbah Shnong.
This method of adopting and enacting the necessary laws is the method which the Government of India has long allowed by law to follow this custom, as exemplified in the Adaptation of Laws, Order
The President of the country has declared the country under military rule.
The ANVC map, which was published in Rupang in recent days, shows that Umiam, Riangdo, Shahlang, Nongjri, Nonghyllam, Borsora and other villages appear on the proposed map. The proposed Garo Land Map.
Shillong: Three persons have been arrested in connection with the assault on Arnell Steward Nongdhar at Goraline, Laitumkhrah.
“This is the X generation and we have to answer to the Y generation, we have to think about the Y generation or the future of our children,” she said.
Ma Balen expects a hearing between the state government and the National Green Tribunal on the 19th of this month to remove the rule.
I don't know how to challenge Mizoram.
“You must work hard because the glory of me and your Mother depends on your life.
Then in the field of health, where expired medicines have been thrown away which has been a waste of public money.
The team is supported by the Sports Department of the State Government.
As Bah Donkupar Sumer told his family and supporters, from home to the meeting at Patarim Square, the reason why he left the UDP party in Ri Bhoi, is because He strongly opposed the working methods of the UDP leaders within the party who did not follow the rules and regulations of the party and especially the way the party ticket was issued which he strongly opposed along with his supporters.
According to the explanation, the Kyrmen Foundation, after spreading the news, has expressed its sorrow, but the purpose is to help this young man who has played and represented the District and the State in various tournaments. planned to retire from the sport.
“We have to suggest that the demands of the HPC are strange, unreasonable and completely unfounded.
The expenditure for the MGNREGS scheme is T.1,600 crore and has increased by T.847 crore for the year 2018-19. SHG groups in the State.
This statement came after the HNLC expressed its strong opposition to the summons of General Secretary Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw while the peace talks are ongoing.
In the middle of the clash, the CRPF police on duty tried to stop the clash, but some of the rioters tried to knieh the firearms of the CRPF. The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, has been arrested.
This is something we have experienced in our lives and we have seen our people killed on the roads and that's enough, I don't believe they will continue to support the insurgency,” said Rakkam.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh gave his words of encouragement to the leaders and members of the Deiñsatlang Unit, encouraged them to do their job well with love and understanding. and unity for the betterment of the community, at the same time he congratulated the leaders and members.
"You should visit Bengal to see what they are doing," Sinha said.
However, the surprising thing is that these Dkhars are not young, but between 30-70 years old, and according to the form they belong to the Das, Gunwala, Gatwal, Namudundro, Chetri, Karmokar castes. , Guala, Rye, Shepherd, Hunter, Shepherd, Faith, Fortress, Shepherd, Munda, Rajput.
These vehicles were seized by BSF troops patrolling at Sonapur Bridge, East Jaintia Hills.
“After watching more than 14,500 athletes through various sports events across the state, I began to understand the amount of talent in them.
“Within 10 years, the TMC has spread rapidly across the state and we have witnessed that the TMC flag has spread everywhere.
Shillong, July 13 : Meghalaya have retained their first place in the Plate Group of the Ranji Trophy despite losing by five wickets to Manipur in the three-day match on Friday. at the MCA Cricket Ground in Polo.
This morning, the Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, visited Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit at the site of the hunger strike, and urged him to stop the hunger strike. worried about his health and called for talks with the government.
Vehicles are increasingly appearing on the highways and it seems that almost every vehicle has stickers, which have been approved by the DC or other authorities (and if they have many Then the shops have opened, the liquor shops have opened, the construction of houses has started and many other activities. ; However, until now, there are only three (imat) which have not opened and these are churches, cinemas, many shops, schools and restaurants (even now, they allow you to sit and go). outside food).
Thus they abandon the power of God and use the power of Satan in their daily lives.—2 Timothy 3:1-5
Kitboklang Pale scored the winning goal for Langsning in the 16th minute.
I believe it is not wrong to say that it is wrong to say that “I have already completed my education but I have not yet got a Government job”.
Primose Lamat of Mawlong was named top scorer, Bansan Khongsdam of Nongtyngur was named the best player and Banpynskhem Khongbuh of Nongtyngur was named the best goalkeeper.
The BSF is not the Border Security Force, it does not protect the border but it protects only the Dkhars, we cannot accept this at all,” he said.
Police are investigating the incident.
Shillong: The leader of the Revolution “Iada la ka ri” Ardent Basaiawmoit on Tuesday said that the people of the state cannot accept the explanation of the MDA government that there is no illegal mining and trade of coal in the state.
He said that many times it has been proposed to discuss the work of the Planning Commission.
Before the drivers of the vehicles left the Anjalee Petrol Pump on foot, they threw away the keys of their vehicles and tied them up.
Earlier, the BJYM had planned to meet the Secretary of the State Transport Authority (STA) IW Ingty at Sawlad, but failed as he was not in the office.
As a resident of the village and a child of the nation who has a responsibility for the welfare and life of the nation, I urge and support you all from the elderly, the young and the young. all as the children of Hynniewtrep to unite and fight until we overcome this challenge which we have been facing since 1972 until now.
Sportsmen take drugs to strengthen their bodies, cheat and predict who will win and who will lose and so on.
Kejriwal accused Shinde of being corrupt and incompetent and tried to throw him out of the protest venue.
The Wanmahsaw gave birth to the Sain High Priest.
KHATKASLA: The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has completed its task despite the fact that Meghalaya has been trying from time to time to restore the disputed land inhabited by the Khasi Pnars on the Meghalaya-Assam border. The land up to Wah Myntang (called by the Karbi Umtang) is the boundary of Assam.
There are about four houses in these houses, but as they have not been distributed to 40 households, they have been destroyed and destroyed by the influx of people at night to commit crimes. forty species.
The concrete wall collapsed and soil spilled onto the road, damaging six vehicles and a motorcycle.
After visiting the cathedral, Modi said on Twitter, “Today on Easter I am fortunate to visit the Sacred Heart Cathedral in Delhi.
The party has urged the central government and the Meghalaya government to introduce strong laws to protect and respect the identity of the state and the entire North East.
Shillong, November 1: Tens of thousands of people on Saturday attended a rally held by the political parties at MadanStudent.
The MLA of the area, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar and MDCs of JHADC from the CEM came to witness the annual festival.
In this regard, a case has been registered against these persons under sections related to drug trafficking.
During the march, thousands of children in traditional costumes, traditional music and singing songs promoted the culture and traditions of the Khasi Khara people.
The Pope immediately promised to pay the school fees.
At the same time, it is impossible not to consider the allocation of hundreds of acres of land to foreigners and wealthy groups in our area.
She said that if we still have the idea that tobacco factories are environment-friendly or environment-neutral industry, it is something else that is not suitable for health, When we learned that tobacco is a serious health hazard and causes the deaths of 7 million people worldwide and 13.5 lakh in India alone.
Rumi Lyngdoh (3', 43') scored the winning goal alone.
One of the most common symptoms of anxiety is the presence of depression and chronic sadness.
The state police are working with the Tripura police to ensure that there will be no violence against anyone and those who wish to get information can call 9436337946 or
“In the presence of the NIT Meghalaya leaders from Sohra, Bah Dundee said that the completion of the NIT Meghalaya in Sohra, will be a great blessing to the youth of the state as there will be hundreds of students. young people who don't need to go abroad to study.
Jeswin came second and won the silver medal with 7.85m in the same event.
In society, the elderly are no longer willing to teach and encourage the young because the young feel that they are wiser than the elderly.
Dr War said that at RP Chest Hospital there are three cases of Covid-19 but so far seven employees of the hospital have tested positive.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Medical Superintendent MCH Hospital, Dr.E War said that the hospital has 50 beds for children and 50 beds for women.
“Sikkim's growth comes only from tourism which accounts for nearly 40 percent of the state's income.
“This is the political writing of the Congress and the results of the MDC elections have shown that it is almost extinct in Jaintia Hills and I hope that the people will give the same answer to the Congress on 23rd June this is the MP election".
Guwahati: U Chowna Mein, Symbud Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, has announced that he has tested positive for covid-1
“When AVENUES first came to me to explain about the APEX, I said, “When AVENUES first came to me to explain about the APEX, I said, that it is a good and necessary effort for our children.
The MDA government led by the NPP has failed in many aspects in its work in the past three years.
Shillong, Nailur 02 : Mawlai Sports Club have moved closer to the top of the Shillong Premier League 2021-22 after beating Mawkhar Sports Club 3-0 in the 44th match of the tournament. The tournament will be held on Thursday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
HML Hour.
Nongpoh: The management of the Assam Don Bosco University, located at Tapesia, Sonapur, a few kilometers from Jerobad, told reporters that the management of the university, which is located at Tapesia, Sonapur, There is a great desire to provide special assistance in the form of scholarships for those students who come from poor families and who wish to pursue higher education.
Nadia Esalan Kharkongor from Lawjynriew won the title of Miss Nongthymmai and Adora Dejane Dkhar from Lumsohphoh won the title of Miss Nongthymmai. Phibanylla Majaw from Nongkhyriem won the second runner-up and in the men's category, Eddie Cruise Syiemiong from Lumpyngad won the first runner-up and Kordor Lang won the second runner-up. Thangkhiew from Lumsohphoh won the First Runner-up and Samla Brilliant S.Thabah from Lumsohphoh won the Second Runner-up. bands and DJs and entertained the residents.
At this time of this tragic incident, my condolences go out to the families of these soldiers who have faced these difficulties in which they have lost their loved ones.
Titos said that not only the ethnic parties are concerned about this issue, but also the national parties.
The Rotary Club Jowai on Saturday honored the employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Look at Babu Soso Tham, the poet wrote “Where is the Bramah in front of the Surmah”
“A golden opportunity only happens once or twice and it will never happen again.
According to him, this gate is for the purpose of checking the Transit Permit and Health Certificate before allowing the slaughter cattle to enter the State.
It is here that we lose hope to the youth how our youth will be the future of the country and the nation if they do not see the example of the elderly.
Kashmir and the Khasi States).
“I will not wait for the meeting of various parties, but regarding COVID-19, the central government has already declared it as a national disaster, so it is the duty of the government to do whatever is necessary according to the authority. “It has been approved under the National Disaster Management Act,” he said.
The Dolloi warned the children of the thousand not to do anything that would offend the Creator and others.
“Secondly, you propose to find out about the Kings contribution.
People who have to travel have to walk and spend hours to get to Khanduli to get a car. car because it's too late for 7 o'clock and it's hard to get a car.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Seven days after former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Adelbert Nongrum and Goldy Warjri held a strike to demand the government to pass the Village Administration Bill, The Dorbar Shnong of Thynroid has vowed to join hands in the indefinite strike to raise the demand for the government.
This afternoon, July 7, 2024, doctors from the health department came to examine the body of Bindas at about 5 pm.
It is learned that in some constituencies, the Congress party has already nominated candidates despite the fact that it has incumbent MLAs. The MLA from Mawkyrwat constituency said that some Congress leaders don't want to give ticket to Rowell Lyngdoh, the incumbent MLA who has been removed from the post of Chief Secretary.
He said that if the government finds that this road is too difficult and too difficult, it can take a second path which is to take over the land for its own benefit. The public is for public purpose by increasing the price of the buildings on the site and paying back to the owners of the buildings according to the price and the land should be paid to the Hima Mylliem.
Rephica Becky Pde from Shillong, Meghalaya and a government employee in the Excise Department of the State Government came first in the race held in Arunachal Pradesh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah D.Bynnud, the brother of the deceased, said that there was no obstacle from the house of the deceased. by his own will because of his concern over the loss of power of the Rangbah Shnong.
The remaining examination will be held in June next year.
The government said that the beneficiaries of the food scheme at the lowest price will be 77.79 percent in rural areas and 50.87 percent in urban areas. in rural areas and 3,03,464 in urban areas.
In a statement issued by the Secretary, Bah RL Blah said that the presence and unity of all encourages us to work harder to reach the goal.
The approach is simply to follow what has been done by previous governments.
After the march, a public meeting was held at Iewrynghep Square.
He said that while his government had closed the doors of corruption, “under the previous BJP rule, the then Prime Minister Jai Ram Thakur had left the Treasury empty and it has not been able to bring in the money from the central government".
Furthermore, he explained that all the people have said that they don't need the party to unite.
In November 2020, Om Birla, Speaker of the Lok Sabha, said that the number of MPs will increase in the coming years, as there are only a few members of the Lok Sabha. for 1.6 million to 1.8 million people.
Therefore, the union has lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills to take the necessary action from the district authorities.
This word corruption is a recently used word.
Morning Mawsor is also the brother of Mawshynrut MLA and General Secretary of the HSPDP Central Body. who is the brother of his mother.
The next match will be on the 20th of June between PFR Football Academy and Umphyrnai Sports Club at 2:15pm and Sohryngkham Sports Club will play against Sacred Heart Football Academy at 2:15pm. at 3:45pm p.m.
The dairy farmers said that this announcement without any consideration has caused a huge loss to the cow farmers as they have to feed and feed their cows for thousands of tyngka per day. They didn't raise cows but if they raised more cows, they lost lakhs of rupees.
Dkhar said it is regrettable that an unfair trial has been applied to an officer who has just carried out the orders of the minister, while the minister has not been punished.
South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday inspected Lower Lumparing Village for the construction of an Urban Primary Health Center at a cost of T.4 crore. 99 Lac.
Bantiedor Lyngdoh said that the MDA Government has a goal to serve the people of the state, through the leadership of the Prime Minister the Government will ensure to complete the construction of this gate for the sake of good and safety. the rights of the people of the state.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District led by Ma Lyngkor Kynjing, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner Rudolf Laloo has donated 200 masks to truck drivers and FCI workers in Khliehtrychi, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
The road between Phulbari-Tura village on National Highway 127B will be converted into a two lane road and will also facilitate traffic to Tura, the district headquarters of West Garo Hills. and other parts of Meghalaya via the NH-217 (Tura-Dalu) and Tura-Jengjal-Rongjeng-Nongstoin-Shillong.
This can damage electrical equipment inside the home.
He congratulated the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma who under his leadership has been able to promote the production of sohtrun.
Besides the concert, there will also be a food festival and a dancing competition, which is also the International Day of Dance.
Louis said that many Khasi youths who have completed their education at higher levels, because many youths in the state who are unemployed, those who have completed their education have lost the rules of law, because He said that the unemployment of the youth has led to the increase in crime in the state.
The District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice to all political parties in the state.
This year we will have a yoga practice like the Ocean Ring, and a yoga exhibition like the “Yoga from Arctic to Antarctica” – countries on the Prime Meridian line.
Salman's repeated assassination attempts have caused his relatives and friends to be afraid for him.
He also urged the leaders to pay more attention to the development of the talents of the youth whether in sports, education and other fields. “If such youths from this area can be trained, many changes will come in the society which is the name and glory of this area within the Raid Nongbri,” he added. more.
There are two topics that are wrong, the supersonic boom and the explanation of the fuse (electric).
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Cornelius Laloo and Bah Robert June Kharjahrin congratulated TULBA for taking the initiative to hold such a Christmas celebration with the elderly. The NGO has been involved in many activities to contribute to the community and hopes that they will continue to serve in the good work they are doing with the blessings that this Christmas will bring happiness. Happy New Year to the people of the state.
U Bah Shanbor, encouraged those who are facing these difficulties not to lose hope, but to trust in God to help and protect them from this attack by the Assam authorities. Their village.
However, the group fled the scene before police arrived at the scene.
Bushnashisha Tohti scored 45 runs for Police Control Room from 35 balls and Tushan Marak scored 28 runs from 28 balls.
We only know the decision of the Court from the newspapers,” said Bah Syiem.
Shillong: There have been 51 new cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya today, according to the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War.
The event was attended by Bah Donald Phillips Wahlang, Chief Secretary, IAS, Dr. Shakil P. Ahammed, IAS Principal Secretary, Water Resources, Vibhor Agarwal, IAS Director Sports. bad Youth Affairs, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri IAS, Vice President MSOA, Bah Finely Pariat Secretary Meghalaya State Olympics Association, Bah Dipshon Rynthathiang, Bah PB War Nongbri Assistant director sports and youth affairs.
Ernest said Modi will also lay a wreath at the Mot Tirot Singh at the State Central Library and after that he will take part in a road show to Khyndai Lad to address the public.
This meeting was convened because there are issues relating to District Councils.
The promises before the 2014 elections have not come true and thus, the BJP Government has turned to other issues of public interest as Mahatma Gandhi wrote in the Young India newspaper in 1925 on the 7 There are three sins of society and the first is politics without principle.
After this, they were arrested at the police station and the police bombed them until they stopped and couldn't even stand and walk from the place to eat. Dany's legs were broken and Robert's legs were broken and he had to use a wheel chair.
Under paragraph 3(1) (g) the names of the Chiefs or Headmen are clearly mentioned.
“After that, they shot us inside the hotel and one of them took out a knife and stabbed me in the head and hands and in shock I fell down.
The Executive Engineer of PWD Road NH Division, Shillong today submitted his reply to the court on the order issued by the court on 17th July. The road from Wahkdait to Dawki is 90 meters long.
On this occasion, the names of the youths in the village who have the desire and desire to choose to train themselves in Tailoring at CIT Amlarem Centre, were also registered.
Regarding the social settlement of the boundary in three areas in West Khasi Hills, where the villages under the Nonglang Sirdarship have been forcibly relocated to Assam, the Thousands of residents of the village have been shocked by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) leaders on Saturday, 30th June, to Malangkona. hold the meeting.
The last date for submitting the required documents to the BDO offices will be October 31, 2023.
In the year 2024, the Govt.
However, the farmers are facing difficulties because they cannot get other types of seeds if the government does not create the means to deliver them through the departments in charge of agriculture.
One good example is the NREGS scheme which involves the community and this scheme is one of the transforming schemes in the state.
They urged the people to vote for the Congress in the upcoming MP and MDC elections.
“Lord Ram is a Nepali, not an Indian,” ANI said, quoting an article published today in Nepalese newspapers.
In another incident, police have arrested Md. Basrul Haque (19) on charges of robbery from Khliehriat area in East Jaintia Hills district.
“It is to be recalled that many civil society organizations in Garo Hills have demanded the Winter Capital or the second capital of the state in Tura, saying that this will boost not only the development of the state. but it will also help the trade activities, which will also help the income of the region as a whole.
In another match, Nishant Dev defeated Palestinian Nidal Foqahaa twice in the first minute to set up the match. the RSC (Referee to Stop the Contest).
Prashanth was the son of incumbent BJP MLA from Channagiri Assembly Constituency K Madal Virupakshappa.
So we’re delighted to have Ange in place to prepare for next season.
Then you kiss and kiss her, like a grizzly bear", to which Mark said "Yes"
The BJP has also expressed doubts whether the tender for the distribution of tablets is not clear, whether the tender was called in the right manner or how M/S Lava International was selected as the suitable company to supply the tablets. it's a tablet.
Shillong: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, today clarified to the public regarding the clarification of the Shillong Press Club which demanded an explanation regarding the speech of the Shillong Press Club. he attended a public meeting in Pynursla.
His parents sent him to Moolang Lower Primary School, Ialong.
He is acquainted with her relatives.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting against private individuals, groups/self-employed persons in connection with the smuggling of or shoot the mawria to immediately stop the illegal mining of small minerals such as stone, shyiap and others without a License of Mining Lease Holder issued by the authorities. day paint.
Police sources said that the police raided the area under the leadership of its arrested member Jackuis A Sangma . Jackius led the police Indian Sangma, a 23-year-old member of the GNLA, was shot dead in a crossfire.
“I express my regret that other political parties have not come to take part in this important meeting to discuss issues related to the governance of the villages,” said Bah Bindo. asked how he felt when many other parties did not attend the meeting.
“We have lodged a complaint at Jowai, Khliehriat and Sardar police stations regarding this incident,” he said.
After receiving Tika Covid 19, what should I do if I feel sick? 11.
Therefore, the Seiñ Kur Bahkhla requests all the members of the Kur not to attend this meeting.
“We must express our opposition to any act of violence and we have the right to demand that they should change such arbitrary orders.
LUCKNOW: The Yogi government in Uttar Pradesh today demolished the house of Javed Mohammad, one of the politicians involved in the July 10, 2022, protests. BJP leaders have destroyed the house of the Prophet Muhammad and other leaders who took part in the protest. today, in Kanpur and Prayagraj.
To avoid untoward incidents, police patrolling should be strengthened.
Replying to a question on Conrad's belief that the TMC leaders will leave the party after the elections, “I would like to tell Conrad to think about the election campaign for his party because it is only a few days away. “I don't think the MDA will be in power because the people will vote for him,” said Abhishek Banerjee.
Meghalaya has been selected as the UN Champion Project alongside other projects from Australia, China and Argentina. and Tanzania.
On this occasion, the Rtn.
Bhopal, Jymmang 25: When Narendra Modi takes up residence in Delhi as Prime Minister, his wife Jashodaben will also have to receive the same protection as her husband. Narendra Modi.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The youth job seekers have called off their strike at 11:30 pm this morning.
Meanwhile, the Secretary of the Dorbar of Rangabah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi, Bah CB Syiem, said that the government is often quick to do the work if companies and others need it but it doesn't care about the life and death of the people. believe nothing.
In another report, a sign reading 'Trump Death Clock' was erected in Times Square, New York, reporting the death toll from the coronavirus. This is the irresponsibility of the government to the people of the country.
The polling will start at 7 pm and the announcement of the results of the candidates will close until 5.30 pm on 23rd July
From Umstew the road descends gradually to Mawsmai and the most common rocks in these places are sandstones, phyllites, conglomerates, clay. and ferrous sandstones).
Thou shalt not lie down on the ground, nor lie down in the field.
We have the confidence to defeat the forces that are fighting to destroy this country.
Not only that, it is a misappropriation of public money, which is illegal,” said Kong Kharshiing in the complaint.
The Seng also said that the contractors who worked on this project are Kong Banalari and Bah Rocky Dhar.
However, the residents, as I have seen, do not comply with this Act, and this has delayed the opening of this containment zone because it will prevent the livelihood of many people. They live in this village and earn their living by day.
The meeting was also attended by all four MLAs of the PDF, the president and general secretary.
" [If we can do this (to reduce electricity consumption) even for one day, it will help a lot to reduce the damage to the environment, it will help a lot to save electricity, and to protect the environment].
Babu Timothy Dhar is a Motor Vehicle Mechanic at Govt.
Sangma has a patta for the land and a recent receipt of the tax paid to the GHADC. There is no complaint against Sangma, who owns the patta.
Many of the villagers have understood that the shiah is new and new from where and how it comes from.
The FKJGP Central Body is pleased to learn that the issue of Trading Licence, Work Permit and Labor License of the Sengbhalang has reached the attention of the Minister of DCA of the State Government. The Labor Inspectors appointed by the state government should be summoned to investigate what they have done about the illegal entry of foreigners into the state. The delay in the completion and construction of the Entry & Exit Points in different parts of the state as well as the delay in the implementation and implementation of the District Task Force Committees have been set up to curb the influx of foreigners as at present only South West Khasi Hills has already set up District Task Force Committees.
On the other hand, the JAC demands that the government should hold a dorbar bah within 10 months and from now on the JAC will continue to hold meetings. The residents and village leaders of the area will provide their support until this road is completed.
The monument was inaugurated by the Chief Executive Officer of the Hima, Bah KP Pangniang in the presence of Bah H. Samakha Sordar of the Hima, the Kurs. and the relatives of Maieid, the elders and the children of the thousands of the whole Hima Raidmynsaw.
Instead of going to school, they go to another road that is wicked and evil.
Weiloi FC, after scoring 10 goals, didn't lose heart but fought hard to score the first goal and in the 29th minute, they scored the first goal. Basuk Bina and both teams scored these goals in the first half.
JOWAI: The hostel of the students of Government Girls' Higher Secondary School has collapsed and the authorities have refused to allow the students to stay in the hostel. don't worry.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, today said that the Assam Police have withdrawn from the plan to set up a Police Outpost at Jurim Biam, Psiar (Block-1). It is about 4 kilometers from Khat Kasla village on the Umkhyrmi-Mokoilum road bordering West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
Dr. Mukul Sangma has reiterated that he will not call for talks with the protesting parties and at the same time he said that in the name of the CLP, MUA-II and the Congress party he promises that The Act shall be a law to protect the infiltration of mynder into the State.
In the Third Division, Tympang Club beat Pasyih Cultural 2-1
According to the statistics, 112 children from July to June 2022 have been infected with TB from July to June 2022, while those 1,748 were 14 years old and above, which is 94%.
However, if there are parts of the road that fall into the ground, there may also be some problems.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Meghalaya Rural Development Scheme (MRDS) has been abolished by the farmers of the state. that par.
Shillong: Former UDP leader Bindo M Lanong, who is also the senior working president of the party, has said that he is ready to take over the post of president of the party if the proposal and approval comes.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lamin Golden Gashnga, said that for now, trade with Bangladesh should be temporarily banned and not forced to leave the villages.
In a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, the Seng said that the search of the vehicles was due to the violence of the Pnars by the Karbi in the past few days.
Khliehmynkrem vs Mookyndur FC drew 1-1 in the 2nd Division Football Tournament of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday. First.
This was a very cold night.
“We are ready to blow up at any place we have prepared and the police department will not be able to stop whether it is morning or midnight.
those who fight against and if the government cannot take action.
Congress candidate Mohendro Rapsang won from West Shillong constituency, while UDP candidate Metbah Lyngdoh won from Mairang constituency and Sniawbhalang Dhar won from Mairang constituency. Sanbor Shullai of the BJP won from Nartiang constituency and Sanbor Shullai of the BJP won from South Shillong constituency.
Tomorrow, Nangbah Mulang (10 points) will face Lumiawmuchai Shangpung (7 points).
Later, the BJP also left for Motphran to commemorate Kïang Nangbad and other heroes of the state by laying wreaths at Motphran.
" However, those Ryngkew ki Basa who used to dig could not find the place where the khieshoh lived.
Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah and Khliehmuchut Shangpung have qualified for the quarter final of the WJDSA.
After this huge defeat, the Meghalaya women's team will now prepare for their match against Pondicherry on Tuesday.
Jesus said, “This generation (Israel) shall not pass away, till all these things be fulfilled.
MPCC President Vincent Pala has expressed his strong opposition to the decision and said that he will send a letter to the Prime Minister. India, Narendra Modi to express his disapproval.
The JAC leaders said that if you look at the fire in Ribhoi area, it is about 24 hours, so they are deeply saddened because if you think about the students, the parents who provide the shet and the tiew.
Shillong, July 3: Shillong Police on the night of the New Year celebrations have conducted strict surveillance to ensure that there will be no violence during the New Year celebrations
After the treatment, the patient was able to breathe, and the symptoms of the disease in the body of the patient have decreased and he has been discharged from the hospital. care facility.
The match ended without anyone being able to score.
“In the last months of my career, I want to work for my state, to be proud of myself,” Sarma said.
“According to the Seng leader, in Ribhoi, the influx of foreigners and foreign authorities has been excessive and about 80% of them are infiltrators and earners.
However, these rules, it has been seen, as these days, do not work at all and for that reason, the Sengbhalang, have to conduct searches every day across the Ri Khasi Jaintia and fortunately, There are more and more organizations, in these days, that they have come up and down to think about the coming and going of the foreigners.
This is just a drama in front of the people that the BJP is not with the NPP. They are with the NPP from time to time.
On the 14th, the quarter final will be played between Shangpung Khliehmuchut and Khliehmynkrem at 11:30 pm.
On this occasion, it was seen that the entire Ri Bhoi Sepngi area, was more quiet, as many of the people of the area, came to witness this day of joy and commemoration of the this is the whole area.
She said that the parents have become more free from the daily meals since the school meals were provided and this has made them more comfortable in the need to meals especially those who have many children.
Nongpoh, July 03: After heavy rainfall in parts of Jorabat area in Ri-Bhoi District today and lasted for several hours, many of the tourists and shops have been affected by the floods. tap also on the umktieh that is in this place.
“It is very sad that our water supply is destroyed, our natural resources are ours, but foreigners benefit, because some of us are selfish,” said the statement. KHNAM further states that Sub-rule (3) Rule 5 of the Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986 prohibits or prohibits new projects or the rehabilitation of old projects according to their impact. The Pollution Board has invited or requested written comments from those who oppose or wish to comment on the proposal of TOPCEM. and this meeting today is also illegal because those who oppose are banned from participating.
He also expressed his gratitude to the state government and the Meghalaya Football Association for their contribution to support the tournament.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 339 including 9 recoveries today. These 9 cases are 5 from East Khasi Hills District, 2 civilians, 1 BSF personnel and 2 cases. Armed Forces and 4 from Ribhoi District.
On the other hand, all the relatives wanted to send him with a half-brother (Banshai-lang Rynjah) to Punjab so that Samborlang would not feel different when he was away from his parents and relatives.
Residents of Patan District, Gujarat, have cut off the finger of a Dalit man after his brother threw a cricket ball at him. cricket match, played on a ground, on Sunday.
However, the marriage of a man and a woman should no longer be called marriage.
Without any reason, no one can break the money, 3 or 4 thousand and if two people, not less than 7 or 8 thousand.
There was also a discussion with the principals regarding this time of covid19 how to improve the fees for schools/colleges as well as for private schools/colleges. to increase the installments so that it does not affect the students and parents.
On the other hand, explaining that the Roster System will not work for those who go for higher education (Medical or Engineering), Bah Shangpliang said, “This Roster System will be exactly the same. to those who are looking for work.
They fought against each other more and more.
The purpose of the race is to spread the message about AIDS and to get tested.
On the other hand, Bah Adelbert Nongrum strongly condemned the statement of this person.
He said he is keen to promote tourism in Bangladesh and urged people from Meghalaya to come to Bangladesh as there are many beautiful tourist attractions.
Of course it can be true too, Niuma to what extent it is completely true but from the testimonies of many parents who are in trouble: temptation is a serious threat especially to young children or teenagers they don't speak English.
This is the beginning and a sign of hope that the government has decided on the Adhoc teachers after more than 5/6 years.
At this meeting, the Director promised to take action to release the salaries of these 101 employees in the next few days, and the HYC said that it will continue to monitor the matter.
“The harassment of people just because they wear religious clothes is unacceptable and unheard of...Such incidents happen because of misguided leadership, blasphemy and anti-Christianity,” he said. “I feel that the government should have taken steps to prevent such incidents,” he said.
Although the DC has already submitted the photographs to the Uttarakhand government, no information has been received yet.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 20 people have tested positive for Covid-19 in the state.
On the other hand, it has issued a notice that buses have been provided to transport passengers to the Independence Day celebration at Madan Polo on the 15th.
With this victory, Langsning has nine points behind Ryntih and Mawlai.
Anganwadis and schools up to Class 10, both government and private, will have to remain closed until the 16th, the Prime Minister said.
He directed them to cooperate with the scientists of the CBRI and to work together to monitor the presence of snow and ice in Joshimath.
Bah Paul said that the corruption scandal has destroyed the education department in the state and it is a threat to the thieves from now on.
In another development, 246 new cases have been confirmed in Assam on Saturday, bringing the total number of cases in Assam to 7,1
“It is open to any authority of the State Government to send for tests according to the requirements or guidelines set by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India with respect to those who have not yet been injected,” he said. Mr. Rockliff, which is also in accordance with the order of the High Court.
The KSU, after receiving a complaint from the public, has visited the CHC.
The Block has directed through the Sordar Shnongs and VECs to direct the people to carry the flag of the country as a sign of patriotism.
I personally am sorry to see that there has been a lot of corruption since the past, without the blame of any government, I think there is no order on the rights that are true, it has become increasingly clear. now, and will continue to appear more.
He said that Bah Adelbert has no right to be the president of KHNAM, as he has already resigned as the working president of KHNAM and he is no longer a member of the Central Executive Committee of KHNAM. At the same time, Pyndap refused to expel Adelbert from the party, saying that the party is sorry for him because he is the only MLA.
Only in Meghalaya (Meghalaya) are there many Christians who are against the watoh.
The MDA will discuss tomorrow whether it is necessary to appoint a whip or a shabuk to all its 48 MLAs including three suspended Congress MLAs who support the MDA. The NPP, UDP, HSPDP and PDF have already expressed their support for Murmu especially as she is the first candidate to contest the seat.
However, when you listen to the government's speeches every day, you feel like giving a little.
Volunteers for children in Bihar have also been informed, and that they will ensure that these children will reach their villages and homes safely.
Girls HSS won the bronze medal.
Shangpliang said the committee will help to suggest special issues to assist farmers and other areas related to agriculture.
This was due to the severe cold weather, which cleared the air.
“It is a memorable day for the party in the state, we have welcomed the MDCs who have joined us including in GHADC and KHADC. said BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh while welcoming the MDCs at the meeting on Saturday.
One night when he came home from work, he was surprised and excited to see that someone had prepared food and cleaned his house. He asked himself, Who came to help? me?.
Such types of public leaders are the cheapest representatives in public administration and are no different from the 'Niang bshiah kila rong' and are also called in foreign languages ​​as we are the chameleon type of representatives.
Shillong, November 21: The Pommura Youth Wing on the 18th of this month, has held a public awareness campaign on the dangers of alcohol, drugs, child marriage, HIV/AIDS at the Dorbar Shnong Pommura. Students from Catholic School, Presbyterian School, Presbyterian Church, Catholic Church of Christ Youth Service from various churches, school teachers, residents, parents, youth, FKJGP Pommura Units.
This parking of heavy vehicles can cause damage to the bridge and if this bridge collapses or is damaged it will cause problems to the people of the area and the state of Meghalaya as a whole, because it is the only bridge that It connects Meghalaya with other neighboring states in the North East, and it is also through this road that freight vehicles pass through every day to deliver goods. This bridge on the Lukha River is also under the National Highway 6 in East Jaintia Hills District.
Therefore, she has taken steps to find a place elsewhere because it would be better if she had not prepared the work”.
Referring to the delay in the implementation of laws in the state, the president of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress party said that the deployment of patrols by the central army to curb the smuggling of coal it is because the state government has not done the work it should have done.
On Monday, local MDC Andrew Shullai also released the lucky draw tickets.
It is to be recalled that the other 3 organizations have demanded that only the LDA-Cum Typist should be examined because of the confusion caused by the speed of typing and not writing by hand.
Culture is the way of life, the way of eating, the way of working, the way of working, the way of speaking, the way of dressing, and so on.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: A man from Mawngap village has lost T.7 lakh tyngka after being cheated by unknown persons who phoned him.
Naiwieng 28: The World Cup cricket final between India and Australia has been played on the 19th of this month, more than 10 months ago, but Indian politicians are still uncertain about the reason for the match. India's country in Australia.
Thus, Aadhaar is also part of science and technology.
The people are amazed at what Solomon has done.
It is to be recalled that the students of KSU-NH Ri Bhoi District, have visited the village and demanded that the government should suspend the workers and set up a Police Out Post to protect the students. the people in the border area.
“Therefore, we have to get the Constitution first, if it comes into force, how it will be and what is written in this Constitution says and as I said, the UCC will be against those ideas that the NPP also feels," he added.
The spread of fires is not only in the areas farther away from the villages, but also along the highway and in the areas where the houses of the villagers are located.
Therefore, the union makes it clear that these words of these leaders should hold fast and keep their promises because if the government of India and the government of Meghalaya take force on uranium, the union has also been strong. ready to fight.
“Even if our MLA is from the UDP which is working with the government, but on the issue of the jaidbynriew, he should not count the party and should speak straight,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The shopkeepers who were affected by the fire and other elders were present on the occasion.
Hundreds of times we have been to the old road and we have never known that there is a landslide even in the rainy season.
We hope that in the final battle with the NDA Government, the Hynniewtrep people will win and we will get the ILP like Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh confirmed that Tukuram will take over the post on the 11th of July.
To transport the patients from the border areas like Shella, Bholaganj, and others to the nearest COVID Centers like IIM Shillong, Super Care Hospital Shillong, etc.
The application will be submitted in Digital Format through an application submitted by the Government of Meghalaya.
Daniels also filed a lawsuit for $130,000 in damages from her relationship with Trump, which she said was a lie.
Two houses have been destroyed by a lightning strike at Rongrong Bolsongchok in Songsak C&RD Block, East Garo Hills (EGH) on the 26th of this month.
Shillong, Lber, 09: The Courtyard by Marriott Shillong is pleased to announce the opening of the Tavern Club, the hotel's newest lounge bar.
He added that “on the immediate implementation of the roster system, the Cabinet in the MDA-I government, are only obedient, who have listened, but should have urged the The government should make this public because it is necessary for the people to know the intention of the government on the formulation of any policy”.
East Jaintia Hills Police and Excise Department are conducting investigation into the seizure.
Shillong, June 27: Two persons have been arrested in connection with the death of a woman identified as B Suchiang, 40, of Shangpung village, East Jaintia Hills.
Earlier, the UDP had scheduled to hold the general council on the 11th of November, which is the birthday of the UDP. (PP) to elect the leader and to elect an MLA to take over the post of Speaker of the House, as this is the responsibility of the UDP, according to the arrangement with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The Union Minister in charge of Ports, Shipping & Waterways and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowal today inaugurated seven new buildings of Project II of the North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH). ) today to maximize efficiency.
Those who attend the program will receive many benefits including register for various training programmes, as well as training on government schemes and bank loans and services. to government agencies.
Just Believe.
The aim of the society, which is a village society, is to process besides sohtrun, sying, shynrai and other agricultural products.
He urged others to come forward and donate blood to the blood banks for the sake of saving precious lives.
“I didn't come suddenly like others from the civil society to the political field because I understand that if you want to serve the people you have to strengthen your own legs and your own body because if they are not strong you can serve the people properly. “Therefore, as a businessman who has a conscience, I have come forward to propose you to be elected as an MLA,” he said.
Not only that, the increase in school fees, book fees and others has increased to 11-12% and this indicates that the income of the people has remained stable or may decrease while The price increase has been so sharp that many people can no longer save money and have to borrow money for their household needs.
Punjab reached the semi-finals after beating Kerala 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament. However, it failed to qualify for the semi-finals.
He said that during the Congress rule in the state, when there was an increase in the price of petrol and diesel, they tried their best to find ways and means to reduce the price of petrol and diesel. The price of these two fuels so that all the residents of the state can afford to buy and use them.
Speaking at the meeting, HANM Assistant Secretary Louis Dohtdong urged the people to support COMSO in the struggle for ILP in Meghalaya.
During the discussion, besides discussing Thomas Jones, it was also suggested to strengthen the demand for the recognition of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Paiem Ken Syiem, said that this ritual is held once a year by the children of Raid Marwet to thank God for the blessings of the children of the Raid Marwet every year especially afterwards. the first harvest of their hard work throughout the year and also to preserve the traditional culture, which has existed since ancient times.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuli as the chief guest.
Shillong: The State Government today announced the implementation of Containment Measure in three cities, but the State Government has also taken decisions to suspend some of the works in these three cities. but in Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
He said the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) has been set up in the districts under the supervision of the Superintendents of Police of the districts to curb and protect the illegal drug trafficking in the state.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: Three unidentified robbers on a motorcycle carrying two pistols and a heavy knife have robbed a petrol pump owned by M.Rymbai of Ialong village this evening for about 2 lakh 50 thousand tyngka.
In rural areas, it decreased slightly to 511.32 million (51.13 crore) or 509.95 million (50.99 crore) in
When the State Government has set up Community Quarantine Centers in each Village which will be supervised by the IDSP Committee of the Government as the Government does not have the authority to send all the Quarantine Centers to the Government Quarantine Centres.
The government has yet to do the same! The army can, the government can't? We have been reminded from time to time of the experts' statement that World War III will be about water shortages.
Regarding this complaint, the Khasi Students Union Nongthymmai Circle led by Samla Richard Mawkhiew General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today went to the office of the Power Grid at Nongrah, Shillong to demand. The Company has decided to pay the salaries of these employees who have been cut off during the curfew.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Deputy Commissioner Gideon Kharmawphlang, Chief Engineer BM Syiem, wife of the Minister. parents, village leaders, elders and the community.
An NIA team has arrived in Nagpur from Mumbai and started collecting documents and other important details regarding the incident, he said.
She said that before going to Nazareth for treatment, they went to Umsning CHC, then to Civil Hospital, Shillong and then to Nazareth Hospital.
During the question and answer session, the opposition raised many questions from Lakhon Biam of the BJP, Dawan Lyngdoh of the BJP, Krison of the BJP, Andrew of the Congress. u ma Holland Lamin.
Jowai, Nailur 13: Up to 59 youths including 33 males and 26 females on the 12th of this month completed the 45 days training held at the Sub Center Tornado Security Agency. It is located in Umdeinling, West Jaintia Hills District.
Ka Sur U Nong Jaintia said that it will be with the family of Bah Che.
Nongpoh: U Vincent H. Pala, MP Shillong, on Saturday visited Sohkhwai village in Ri Bhoi District and laid the foundation stone for the reconstruction of the road from Pahamawlein 20mer to Sohkhwai. which has a distance of about 5 Km.
Shillong, July 05: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle on Saturday planted about 100 trees to protect and preserve the water well in Umshing-Umjapung Mawlai.
Under this scheme, the government has allocated up to 21 lakh people in the state to receive rice at a reasonable price.
He said that foreign leaders are like arrows and different from the owners who have responsibility for their children and this is also true of the leaders who have fallen. They have a great responsibility to the people in the District.
In this regard, the journalists of West Khasi Hills strongly condemned the brutality of the members of the Sengbhalang who organized the road blockade.
In Khyndai Lad, most of the two wheelers have collided and there has been a time when people who got out of the taxi from the left side of the road have collided with the two wheelers. sted driving.
Ruins : means lymph-lympher is a foundation that has collapsed and scattered around.
“The implementation of the Aspirational District program has now been extended through the Aspirational Block programme,” he said.
In the men's singles category, Da Oo Hi Dhar of West Jaintia Hills District won the title, followed by Me-U-Ru Suna of West Jaintia Hills District and Me-U-Ru Suna of West Jaintia Hills District. Vincent Bareh from East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in the presence of General Secretary Lurman Talang and others today held a meeting with the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today. , in the presence of the leaders of the District Unit General Secretary.
Therefore, these experts said that these grounds show that the difficulty of the MDCs to campaign for the elections has a reason behind it and that is that the elections will be longer.
He also said that the motto he chose was, “Thy Will Be Done.
This old village has only 256 households with 1903 heads of population, 1231 males and 672 females.
He said that as soon as he saw the police, the child was shocked and unconscious as if he had been shot dead by the police.
The cooperation and responsibility of the community is essential to preserve and protect the rights of the people,” said the Director.
(Eph 2:8-10) Therefore, if we visit the sick or express our gratitude to our friends, this word is not too difficult for people to hear. Because if it happens, it will happen, if it doesn't happen, it won't happen, but the truth is that if you say the word KYRMEN, KYRMEN you will become stronger.
JOWAI: U Comingone Ymbon, Minister of Fisheries, PWD (Buildings) and others, on Tuesday said that SHGs and VOs should work hard to meet the demand for Lakadong shynrai.
With the increase in the number of people staying in hotels, it means that the food and drink is also running out.
Rupang reporter went down today 15th March 2021 to meet with the boat owners in the Umngot River, but it is surprising that even in the Umngot River the temperature has dropped to the rud. The sky was clear and the journalist was covered with snow from the heat of the sun.
Shillong: Two persons have died of Covid-19 in the state, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said. reached 54 people.
The foreign languages ​​which cannot be avoided and those which still have their original languages ​​should be replaced by the original languages ​​and those foreign languages ​​should be removed.
The former MLAs have called a meeting to discuss the issue after the political parties staged a protest to demand the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
When they stood up and fought for the whites they were arrested and accused of being terrorists.
In Calisthenics, he handed over the cash prizes to Wantei Hadia and Rehearsal Jones Hynniewta who will take part in the competition to be held in Pune on the 17th of November.
Referring to the second phase of the demarcation talks for the remaining seven seats, the Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, said that the government will soon appoint Regional Committees as decided by the conservative government for advancing this delimitation in the second phase.
On the other hand, Pala alleged that the BJP has tried to introduce the Sixth Schedule. Councils are covered by the Sixth Schedule.
He added that alone, those who have received assistance through the tin sop iing are not less than 5,000 households. 3,000 households and through this assistance from this MLA Scheme, it has reached 8,000 households.
The Meiramew Cafe was inaugurated on 30th November in the presence of Waheh Shnong Cham Cham Luh Dkhar, SURE staff, ASHAs and those involved in the improvement of the shop.
However, it is time and energy consuming to travel from one village to another.
Prestone said that PMGSY roads in rural areas also have to follow the guidelines according to the Rural Roads Manual, 2002 (SP-20) of the IRC. Prestone said that the roads which have been constructed after 4 or 5 years should be repaired.
“The Directorate of Health Services (DHS) has called for a meeting with the Association on issues related to AYUSH doctors in the state and the most important issue in the discussion is the implementation of the AYUSH doctors in the state. The Service Rule of AYUSH Doctors Working in Government Hospitals.
Meanwhile, the Sordar of Nonglwai II, Bah George Kharbani, has expressed his deep anger over the lack of attention of the PWD department and the contractors who have been able to construct the road. all these roads were destroyed.
The arrested were identified as Teishwamiki Shylla, Riki Rabon, Singh Rabon, Binison Lapasam and Willson Massar.
“I understand the importance of the task, I have also intended to resign from the post of MDC but the people have not allowed me,” said Bah Ardent. The people will not send him to fight with MLAs and MDCs”.
However, the Karbi people have taken advantage of this by claiming that the fields of the Khasi-Pnars fall on the border of Assam.
Shillong, Lber, 26: U Bah Vincent H. Pala, Leader of the Congress Party and The sitting MP from Shillong on Tuesday said that the BJP will not win more than 200 seats in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The Waheh Shnong of Deinshynrum, Wilbert Nongtdu, said that the ground was donated by the father of Kyrmen Shylla, Kor Sympli and a few others from Deinshynrum to the Association. Artificial Turf Cleaning.
The FKJGP believes and stands firm on the ground that the indigenous people who have qualified to take over the post can provide better services than the foreigners. The union has not refused to take other measures to ensure the rights of the indigenous people.
Not only that, the monthly school fees and Smart Class for next year should be paid in advance.
Nongpoh, November 20: With the aim of preserving the customs and traditions, traditional costumes, traditional dances and especially the wetland area, Umden Nongtluh area in Ri-Bhoi District is one of the most famous places. Nongtluh Eri Silk Village (NEFA) has once again in its fourth edition held the Ri Kunai La Tynrai Festival which was held at Umden.
Let us remember that it is God who has created the Government since He began to put man on this earth.
Is the Church Clearly Defined in the Bible? It was amazing that God's foreknowledge led him to look forward to building the church before the creation of the world (Read Eph 1:4- 10;
Nongpoh: A day after the village leaders of Baridua 9-mer, lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, to express their opposition to the actions of Mahbubul Hoque, Chancellor of the University. of Ri Bhoi Police, today visited Baridua village, to discuss the will of the people living in the area, which is also the village of Baridua. The area is located near Assam.
“The MDC was standing on the ground floor of her residence when she was thrown stones by passers-by, who intended to injure her by throwing stones.
Laitkseh is also a member of the Meghalaya Football Association.
He also told how one of the mayors in Russia praised him when he got to taste the jadoh and dohkhlieh he cooked.
He said that Umskun village is only 2 km away from the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi and has about 60 households and more than 3 people. residents of this village, what has been expressed by the residents is the traffic jam that the government has not yet been able to provide a colorful road for the convenience of the residents.
South Garo Hills has 20 cases, South West Garo Hills has 58 cases, West Garo Hills has 90 cases, West Jaintia Hills has 89 cases, Chiliang Raij has 8 cases, 32 high risk cases contact with 16 cases of ILI. In West Khasi Hills, there are 29 cases.
When the plant dies and decomposes in the wind, the water escapes the plant.
During the investigation, it was found that these people do not have proper documents to enter and work inside the union but it is surprising how they escaped through the Infiltration Checkgate. They are located in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
Matthew 5:3.
Explaining in detail about the characteristics of bih tits, he said that one of their characteristics is that they have warts (on the outer parts of the tit).
Therefore, as an MDC and a junior leader, I urge these leaders and rulers in the state government, to stop this handshake between each other, but they should be humble and give There are shortcomings here and there, so that it will be of benefit to the people of the state as a whole.
With this victory, Nongkynrih Sports Club has scored three points and has qualified for the quarter final and will face 7 Bros Sports Club in the quarter final on the 19th of June. 2023 at Urksew Square at three o'clock in the evening.
Is this just an emotion, we can't say that there are many like that, but there are others whom the Creator has touched their souls and especially the conscience has affect their thoughts.
Speaking on the occasion, Prof. Lakhon, who teaches at NEHU, said that the reason why he contested the MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency is because of the After seeing and experiencing that the leaders of today are only leaders and not in the past who were like true politicians like Prof.GG Swells, Dr. Baristar Pakem, Bah BB Lyngdoh who were true leaders. like that snarl.
She said that the people should understand that this is not a political meeting for anyone but everyone is invited without any party or group to take part in this event. the children, the women.
College will be held on the 21st at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
"I would like to thank the coaches of Hyderabad FC and the management for their trust in me and I look forward to playing with my teammates in the preparatory season," Soyal said.
They scored 143 runs for the loss of three wickets and scored nine runs in 10 overs before Sachin was bowled by Arbin Singh.
Conrad said the payment is based on the size of the tender and the payment is fixed in advance in the percentage of the construction.
Therefore, try to eat healthy and nutritious foods such as vegetables, fruits, meat to maintain weight loss.
“Now that I have joined the NPP, the work has been very pleasant and we as a party welcome those who want to work with us for the development of the state. “I hope that the Congress' support for the NPP in KHADC will have a clean impact on the political system,” she said.
On the leadership to the State Legislative Assembly and Lok Sabha, it was said that all the members want to give 67 percent share to the villagers, while three of them want 100 percent share to the villagers. village in all elections.
“I took over as President in 2020, and I had only 10 months before the dam closure.
The incident happened inside a tourist maxi cab at Markasa village, West Khasi Hills.
I told him that I had been released.
All the speakers on this occasion expressed their gratitude and congratulations to these students who have shown great talent in sports since they were competing at the District Level until they reached the tournament in Delhi.
The house has been built only on the inside and is scheduled to be built on four floors, said Bah JR Khongjee, Executive Secretary World Mission.
A delegation of leaders from the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) Shillong led by Working President John F Kharshiing and General Secretary Bah L Pariat together with officers from the State Sports Association, Meghalaya on 31st June inspected the sports grounds in Jowai.
In addition to the Saints, 1,44,000 thousand Israelites are those who are called and will share in that 1,000-year reign of Christ.
The All Assam Students Union (AASU) launched a fierce protest in 1978 to remove the names of the officials from the voters' list.
Therefore, he urged the people from different parts of the country to come and witness the two-day festival, as it will be one of the biggest festivals in the area.
But to understand this we will take a while, because we have been taught for many years in only one part and I am not saying that it is wrong, but it is only one part of many parts.
“Does the snow fall on your face?” said the mother and cut the apples into slices and put them on a small plate.
If we are weak in mind, it will be difficult to distinguish and therefore, we will not make decisions that will change us later.
“The Prime Minister and I have been in Delhi in the past few days and as an honor we have also met with the President of the country and several leaders including the Minister of Finance.
It is worth mentioning that the residents of Mawkasiang, on the 3rd of this month, found nine dead piglets scattered in a street.
The public is requested to attend the meeting.
The main problem of the village is the lack of PWD road. Now there is only a road for four-wheel trucks carrying supply wood and rnga in previous years.
Danosha said that since 2009 he has been trying to be with the farmers and he has been visiting and collecting their produce. He said that he could not do anything alone so he turned to the Hill Farmers Union to work together for the development of the farmers.
However, with the ability to score and assist, Barcelona won their first title in four years.
Thousands of SAG/AFTRA members have been struggling to support their families due to unemployment and many of them have hoped that with the kindness and help of many they will be able to support themselves. it is the only way to provide for the needs of the family.
The tournament was organized with the financial assistance of the District Sports Promotion Society and the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, the allegations of the Congress are groundless as all the necessary documents have already been obtained”.
South Garo Hills Police conducted a search operation to release Singh and he revealed the identity of the kidnappers.
Referring to the EVMs, the Election Department has demanded another 1925 EVMs for the two MDC elections of KHADC and JHADC. There were 417 EVMs, but 1925 EVMs were restored.
Balangir SP Nitin Kushalkar said that police have arrested a group involved in the illegal purchase and sale of Eskuf in Balangir and other districts. The project has been implemented from Bolangir to West Bengal.
Our nation is now facing strong and powerful foreign forces and if we don't empower and strengthen the shoulders of our children, men and women through education and inheritance, we will lose. In fact, our mother nation will find it difficult to fight against this attempt of these foreign powers to violate our rights here in our own country.
It is located about 1 km from Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur.
We should not blame only the government or the Municipal Board for the lack of cleanliness.
Also on the statement of Bah James Sylliang that he sees that one of the organizations from Ri-Bhoi has given his support to open this company and on his part, he will continue this work, we feel should be told that it is up to him to do so, because as we have gone with the last people, it will depend on the decision of the people who use this water and not those who do not use it. “We will never deny the facts we have received,” said the leaders in a letter to the CEM. Besides the CEM, they also sent a copy to all the elected officials. EM of KHADC to do and think what is good.
Regarding the seizure of the Ksiar, the Ri Bhoi Police have placed the Ksiar in the right place for further investigation.
Therefore, this is no longer an incident, but it seems that it has a goal to violate the human rights of the people living on the border.
He said that the signboard on the India-Myanmar border will cause problems to the people of Mizoram.
At the same time, they should have a spirit of envy towards their friends not for any reason but to be envious if their friends are better in their studies and better if they are asked questions by teachers.
Angelina said the demands are to formulate rules and policies for regularization of long-time employees, to implement the decision of the Supreme Court of India for Equal Pay. for Works, to fully recognize the Union as a trade union and to stop outsourcing.
The HYC leaders and members have resigned from the HYC today at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Umling Village. The HYC led by Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum has decided to leave the HYC in Ri Bhoi District.
Another child, Baiamyntoi Rympeit, fourth son of Mondil Rympeit and Eres Kharpan, passed away on the 30th of this month. you at 10 o'clock in the morning.
Jinson Johnson won the men's 1500m in 3:44.52 min.
When they dance, the spirit of the dancers, from those who participate in the rynsan to those who dance in the street, from children to adults, have a sense of brotherhood in the land of Ñau Wasa u Ñau Wasung.
“It is worth mentioning that many of the government employees as well as those who have retired from their jobs, have not received their share from the CGHS on the Bills even though the Directorate of Health Services (MI) has approved to pay them. the costs of treatment in relation to hospitalization.
The scribes and the Pharisees left him alone, one by one, and the woman standing in the middle.
Khliehriat, November 25: The protest of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) today in collaboration with other political parties and the people of the district was held at Khliehriat. Former MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Justine Dkhar, Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Dr P. Nongtdu and other dignitaries were also present. .
It would be a great mistake for the past to believe that only the Government of Conrad K Sangma can find a way to resolve the border dispute.
Minister Y.K.Tham.
Nongkrem MLA and President of the Voice of People Party (VPP) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the party's main goal is to ensure that the Member of Parliament (VPP) is sent to the party. Parliament (MP) from this party and also to hold the ruling seats in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC.
According to the price given by the Distribution Unit of MeECL, Bah Mawthoh said that in 2013-2014, the purchase price of electricity from NEEPCO was T.2.24, NHPC T. NTPC T.3.80.
Get ready for change.
Rastingwell Thabah, Chairman of the Group, said that in the past five years, the state has faced many problems under the rule of the MDA. from the strikes of government employees, Seng and others.
The surprise, according to the original Khasi language, means – “the budlum of the water that rises or rises above the surface of the water”.
The people of Meghalaya and I strongly oppose this bill,” he said.
The Minister said that as the Minister in charge of the electricity department, he will work hard to find ways and means to address the problems faced by the electricity department.
Shillong: One coal miner has lost his life and another has been seriously injured in a coal mine at Shallang village, West Khasi Hills, on Friday night.
Nongbri also alleged that the village authorities have appointed another person to work as an Aganwadi although she has not yet resigned.
Another objective is to fight against corruption as the decline in income, education and unemployment among the youth is due to the spread of corruption.
Looking back at the education system of today, it should also be noted that the students have become more busy in the pursuit of color, and education has gone further.
The suspect, identified as Sahil, has stabbed the child to death.
After the match in these two halves, the referees took the match to the tie breaker and it was in the tie breaker that Pahambir SC beat Lumkya SC 5-4 The team has been able to win the title in the tournament.
James said that the government has no choice but to hold the elections because it has not done anything wrong by illegally holding the GHADC elections. The Meghalaya government has tried to persuade some parties by promising to increase the number of seats, but it has not done anything else,” he said. and the prime minister said,
Synshar also won a landslide victory by defeating former MLA Samlin Malngiang of the National People's Party (NPP) by 3422 votes.
In the first match, Sutnga SSCC won the title by beating R.Wahshnong SC 4-0 goals. Three goals were scored by Ioanis Suchen in the 44th minute.
The seventh demand is that all hotels with a reputation for prostitution should be closed down completely. The sixth demand is that there should be no rules for hotels because as of now, there are no rules. The fifth is to pass a proper law on tourism to protect against prostitution, as most of the tourism industry causes serious crime. Sixthly, the government should set up a 24 hour Help Line to help people to call when they are in trouble.
Shillong: The State Government has directed the Police Department and District Authorities to take strict action against those who illegally drive motorcycles or arshakas across the State.
I believe that all these questions are based on fear and have no answer.
The Core Committee of the War-Jaintia Limestone Exporters and Miners Association (WJLBEMA) has said that it does not oppose the decision of the state government to open foreign trade between India and Bangladesh. provide all safety measures to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Olin Lekhaden from Madan Myanmar.
" KongMer asked surprised, "Where are you from...?" Kong Mer said, “I don't know, I've forced you to tell me.
The Bench also said that on the cleanliness of the pond, it is hoped that the measures taken will continue from time to time and from the villagers to the visitors will know by posting signs. and written to ensure that there is no widespread dumping of waste into the water.
He said that in 2018, from Tiehnongbah, Nonglait, Mawkyllei, Pariong to Nongkasen, the HSPDP has won more than 100 seats against the UDP, but the UDP has won the MLA elections. He said that the UDP will win everywhere, because the people have seen and experienced his work as a leader in the last 40 years, which he said he does not need to do. but the people knew what he had done for these shiphew years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: What is the day when the two singers and musicians; Jay Sean and Edward Maya, Disc Jockey (DJ) came to Shillong on Sunday but the spectators filled the stadium. Shillong International Center for Performing Arts (SICPA), Mawkasiang, New Shillong.
This is an example of the initiative taken under 'AATMANIRBHAR KRISHI' & 'AATMANIRBHAR BHARAT' in AMRIT KAAL to ensure access to food items and access to nutritious food.
A Havildar of the 6th Battalion has committed suicide today at his residence at a place where he is on election duty.
Hopefully the Seng Bhalang and the people will be together.
HNLC Leader and President Bah Sadon K Blah in a statement on Tuesday said, “We cannot say that the talks will be without any rules because there are the rules we have put before the government".
The deadline for submission of applications is January 2, 2023.
SHILLONG : The Meghalaya High Court has directed that women shall also be permitted to cast their vote in the election of the headman of Nohwet village.
Rahul resigned as president after the party failed to win the last MP elections.
“He will visit the state on 24th and 26th October, ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the state,” the source said.
That is why the illegal entry of foreigners has happened and even if the ILP is implemented, it will continue to be the same,” he said.
Shillong, March 19 : The State Government has proposed to upgrade four crematoriums in four urban areas in the State.
Dr. DD Lapang, Dr. DD Lapang, has expressed his spirit of service to the people even in his old age, at a meeting of the Young Minds Association held today at Ri Bhoi College. of Ri Bhoi District has erected a statue of Dr. DD Lapang to pay tribute to him as a great leader of Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole.
The earthquake has affected Assam, Tripura and other parts of the country.
Shillong: Two youths from Mylliem Madan ïngsyiem village have caught a large bird at 8:30 am this morning.
What they do is that they fence and close the commons and the residents can no longer enter and leave, work, cultivate, farm, fetch water, cut wood and lose give them all the rights.
Except for those who have to put the ja and the ladaw bam.
Sati Dkhar is the son of Bok Symblai and Song Dkhar.
The Government of Manipur has awarded T.50 lakh and 2 acres of land to the Kom.
There have been cases where due to the introduction of the 100 days bill scheme or 'Job Card' scheme, agriculture has declined because those who farm have seen that the income is higher if they go for 100 days bill. .
Mewada Shylla scored 49 runs from 29 balls and H. Timmy Ryngkhlem scored 34 runs from 41 balls.
The four teams that have reached the semi-finals are Mawlai SC, Mawtieng, Lawei SC and Laitkor SC. The first match will be played at 12:30 pm and Lawei SC will play against Laitkor SC at 3:30 pm at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
“In Guideline 'B.' the principles shall be followed strictly in the preparation of the Reservation Roster' while in para B.
The SP said that earlier, about 50 to 70 members of HITO had gathered at the parking lot of SMB opposite SBI Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shanpru said the state government has violated the rules of NHAI by not setting up a parking lot for trucks to weigh at the weighbridge.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has scheduled an Inter-State Border Meeting on June 3, 2024 with Assam.
“The Minister said he has directed the department to collect data from all schools in the state including those with low number of students.
In his speech, Frederick Synnah congratulated these two organizations for their spirit of serving the people with disabilities.
One community should respect the other.
He said that the group has nothing against the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh because it is not only this Minister who has a vision for the health of the people but also a vision for the welfare of the people. it is also for the sellers and buyers because if you get and bring in something that cannot be eaten, even the sellers are not eating it.
“We will not allow the government to give land to the army,” said the President of KHNAM Youth Wing.
The study sampled more than 13,000 people in the US and showed that the risk of heart attack is associated with an increase of 100,000 people a year in those with unnecessary mental illness. insufficient income at the age of 50-60 years and above or insufficient employment after reaching this age of retirement from government service.
He said that these statements which the leaders make from time to time, are for the people to understand and consider and the Revolution will speak on these statements in due course, after the strengthen this revolution.
The CEC of the HSPDP has set a deadline for the two MDCs to apologize in writing to the party and to withdraw their support to the PDF led by Bah PN Syiem. HSPDP MDC from Nongstoin, Bah L Goodleaderson Nongsiej, on Tuesday said that he will wait until the end of the term for the party to respond to the People's Support. Democratic Forum (PDF) in Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
There is nothing but sympathy for the family, including an apology on behalf of the government to the mother of the police chief for the government's failure to provide adequate protection to him.
“Ka seng is deeply concerned about the curfew in Shillong, saying that the curfew has affected the people in all aspects and also the closure of the Internet has affected the students, where “Now due to the outbreak of COVID-19, many students have to do online classes and this lack of internet has really affected the students,” said Bah Marcus Marten.
In this regard, the State Government through the Planning Department has invited applications for the post of Driver and the personal interview will be held on 09th March 2019 from 11 am.
The choice of this day is because the World Federation of the Deaf was founded on this day in
"I tested myself and it was fine," Johnson said in a video posted on his Twitter page.
In Iawmusiang, the participants included WWO, SRJ, Iawmusiang, Seiñ Tylang, Ummulong, Shillong, Iongpiah, Raliang, Tpep-Pale, Umchangiar and Chilliangra.
The General Secretary of the party has also appointed Bah Dundee C Khongsit as the General Secretary.
The MDC, who is also the Vice President of the BJP, said he is also willing to demand that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma should send a CBI inquiry or he should step down from the post.
On the 1st of this month, the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Pa'iem Petrick Syiemiong, has written to the Sordar of Wahlang 9 Kyntoit and the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkneng ordering them to suspend the work on Mawkneng road. Trilian Warjri, who is in charge of the shop, said that the Hima has not yet decided.
“I am sorry that such an incident has happened inside the hotel because it has never happened before and I will take action and follow up so that those involved will be brought to justice. Those who work inside the hotel have no place to stay.
The winners of the TLM Exhibition were Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Secondary School and St. Thomas RCUPS. The winners of the Arts and Crafts Competition were Christian Principle Academy Secondary School, Rodphod UPS and Rodphod UPS. He also graduated from Maharam Government Higher Secondary School Mawkyrwat.
The death toll has risen to four, two from West Garo Hills, one from Ribhoi District and one from East Khasi Hills.
Pynshai was a former MLA of Mylliem and in 2008 he was defeated by Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
The West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) Jowai wishes these players good health, success in their tournaments and the Association hopes that they will bring victory and The name of the District as a whole.
However, it has increased in the second decade of this century, the misuse of money, the use of expired drugs, temporary jobs that are fraudulent are happening every year. for.
The song was composed and composed by Jopthiaw Mylliemngap and Tyngshaiñ Mylliemngap.
Teinwell said the reason for the resumption of the Land Bill is because the KHADC has not yet received any response from the Governor's Office or the District Council Affairs (DCA) of the state government. If there is any shortcoming in the Bill, the Council should have been informed, but as it is now, the Bill has been suspended without any explanation.
It is indeed the peaceful and happy nature of 'Ka Shityllong wei-rong' of this Shad Ainguh.
In another development, the AJSU (CB) and JNC (CB) have met with the EM in charge of Trade and Industry in JHADC, Winning Sungoh to discuss the information received by the two organizations. Many foreign shops have licenses without NOC from the village authorities.
Mayralborn Syiem and George Lyngdoh have been true leaders not only for the constituency and Ri Bhoi but also for the state. These rangbah shall be the birds of prey, the rang kynh, the rang phawer, who shall advocate for the rights of the people in the Legislative Assembly for the voice of the people.
Shillong, Lber, 02: Two BJP MLAs, AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai on Friday won the re-election to the State Legislative Assembly from Pynthorumkhrah and South Shillong constituencies.
He suffered an injury in the first season and later played twice this season before being suspended.
Besides, VPP President Bah Ardent also condemned other political parties for not including the ILP in their manifestos by saying that this shows that they don't really have the responsibility to implement the ILP. The party has promised that if the people elect the party, it will be in the government to follow up on the demand to include the state within the jurisdiction of Article 371 of the Constitution.
“Earlier we saw only theoretical but today we have seen practical,” said one of the leaders of the party.
The light of hope has been lost.
He said the HNLC has its own government, which has its own political department, finance department, home department, foreign department and military department. , for the fundraising of the organization.
The Constitution is subject to amendment and development according to the needs of places and changing times.
The scripture says: “For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself” (John 5:26).
Following these promises of Dr. Lapang, the JAC expects that they will come true and it will be a great blessing to the people in the area, to get adequate roads that will make them comfortable. public in traffic, concluded the statement.
Shillong: The body of a woman was found in Mawroh forest, opposite the former PTS, on the 4th of this month.
The date and venue of the ceremony will be announced later.
“Positions like Inspector of Excise, Forest Guard, MPS officer and others require candidates who have to fulfill certain special physical requirements due to the nature of the job. body," he said.
He loves his father, as I love him, but I know, that love will never return".
Before the ban, members of the KSU through the Education Cell had gone to talk to the management of the school to seek clarification from them on the allegation of fake certificate.
Sangma has also announced that the government is implementing the salary to be paid in relation to the income of one person.
Ampareen Lyngdoh has come with a very intelligent candidate and now she doesn't want to speak anymore.
“As the Election Commission of India has already announced the date of the elections, we are ready to announce the names of our candidates immediately,” he added.
The RBYF through a meeting with Bah Devansing Warjri, President Umsning Circle, has handed over these foreigners to the Umsning Police Outpost. they shall be entitled to act in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
The LSC invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness the match between the two teams. very beautiful.
We believe in a fair trial.
He shot only one hand with his right hand because of the injury to his right thigh.
First, the HYC members carried placards and called for ILP, when the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division, then when he inaugurated the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division. GNM Nursing School in Pahamsyiem, but the placard was carried only when he went to open the Marmaiñ PHC. In these places, it was seen that members of the HYC shouted slogans like No ILP No Rest.
In the next match, Khimusniang and Catholic Youth shared 10 points after a 2-2 draw.
Suman Kumar Bery, Vice Chairman of the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog), said that to have a development strategy that does not leave anyone behind, there must be concern for the 200 million people in the country. India, recalling that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi also pays close attention to the tribals and ethnic communities who are an integral part of the population of India.
"“Therefore, I expect that soon, we will be able to sit down with the HPC again and once it is done, we will be able to reach a final decision-making," he added.
The union also said that the lack of light has affected the students.
They demanded that these people who claim to be the leaders of the market dwellers should come forward and threatened to punish them, because they take advantage of the name of the market dwellers to criticize in the newspapers. in the Kingdom of Myanmar.
The Minister emphasized the objectives of the National Education Policy (NEP).
In the past, we had an electric meter made of aluminum plate and numbers to tell us how much electricity we consumed.
However, it is sad to know that the state government has introduced empty camps in Khanapara and Jorabat area and without fail if this empty camp is implemented, many evils will increase in the state such as prostitution, alcohol abuse. “Buaid and others that affect the children and the future of the youth instead of guiding them in the right path,” said Samla Ferdinald.
“We would like to thank the West Jaintia Hills Police Department for being willing to assist us so that this raid will be conducted smoothly without any intimidation from the robbers,” he added.
He said that this collaboration by providing Ayurveda and Khasi medicine will also attract health tourism and also promote Khasi medicine.
Only three Shillong CA players scored 10 runs, including Dipayan Nandi with 48 runs from 47 balls, Advay Ratan with 21 runs and Rudra Singh Rathor. by that 16 rounds.
:The Martin Luther Christian University, in collaboration with the Department of Arts and Culture, Government, has also conducted a training as part of the celebration of the National Culture Month. 16th November 2022 at Divine Savior Parish, Nongshylliang.
“The BJP is now ruling the whole of India and if our state wants to grow in terms of income and development we need to elect the party that rules the country. India alone will bring benefits to the whole state especially to Shella”.
“We are the youth of 2015 and 2016, we expected to get M-Tab, but it was not distributed.
Many of the residents of Umsning Constituency still want Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh to remain as MLA after the 2018 elections. .
Leaders from various political parties also attended the rally which started from Firebrigade Square and ended at Don Bosco Mini Stadium, Laitumkhrah.
“You are very lucky,” said his mother's friend. “It's a king,” Marchborn agreed. “If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't have got this shop.” “I'm sure my son will be blessed and I'm glad that we the indigenous people will get it,” said Marchborn's mother.
Speaking on the joint struggle between the UDP and the HSPDP in some constituencies, Dr Donkupar said that for some reason, it has been decided to nominate joint candidates in some constituencies and the joint struggle is not a joint struggle. friendly competition but it is a strategic competition.
Cheristarfield said that they live and work together in the Khasi villages.
“We have faced many difficulties, but we have never backed down from them and in these four years we have struggled to resolve them in a peaceful manner. many".
Shillong: On the 26th of this month, Rising Shylla, Stanly Shylla and Archilus Shylla, have lodged a complaint that at 10 pm, five persons, Dapmain, were arrested. Shylla, Ravi Nongtdu, Will Shylla, Arki Sympli, Brito Pala, Rima Nongtdu, Laski Lapasam and Amus Nongtdu.
Paul suggested to the Minister of Home Affairs, HDR Lyngdoh, to deploy police in the evening, as there are many people, who walk and stand until midnight.
Jen, 53, will star in the film, which tells the story of Anthony Robles, an American athlete who won three national championships at Arizona State University. .
Once the soul and the feeling within the soul are broken, there is always a difference.
They should not own it because the land belongs to the municipality.
The CoRP warns the NESAC office and other central government offices in Ri Bhoi District to provide the villagers with jobs that they can do except for those who are no longer able to do. to work.
But he told me one thing...he said he was not happy with the result of the election,” said the TMC leader. The BJP won only two constituencies in the last election. depth.
Employment opportunities are like nightmares in front of them.
Shillong, Naitung, 24: Unidentified robbers on Tuesday at about 12 noon attacked a woman who was selling near the Shiv Temple at Mahadev Khola.
Mizoram police opened fire even while SP Kolasib was in custody of the CRP and was talking to Assam police.
The number of cases of corona virus in Assam has risen to 76,875 today, with 1,317 new cases and 7 deaths. The number of cases in Assam has risen to 189, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Many men, women and children, including teachers and school children, attended the Mela.
In this state, we have seen how the government is facing difficulties in the fight against COVID-19 where the Prime Minister, the Symbud Prime Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare are not ready to take action. and to bring measures to combat this disease by requesting and continuing to request the people of the state to respect the orders of the government with the request not only in cooperation with the villages but also to request The Chief Minister Relief Fund has been requested to increase the price of petrol to face many challenges especially when there has been a sharp decline in income. many sides.
In another report, Donald Trump's chief adviser, Stephen Miller, has tested positive for the coronavirus, indicating that the number of cases in the White House has increased.
Speaking to reporters, the Deputy Commissioner said that the demolition of the illegal coke factories has started since 7th November.
In relation to the writers, there was a time when the elders of the area, whose minds were still strong and whose way of using the language was still new, came into being the Thohjer Thohnam language.
In the first innings, Super11 failed to tied first and managed to score 141 runs for the loss of 7 wickets. Super11 won the Man of the match title by 121 runs for the loss of 6 wickets and after beating Dynamic CC by 20 runs, Super11 won the title. Lancekeny Nongbri of Super11 won the Best Bowler for 14 wickets. Rafaelson Warjri of Dynamic CC won the Best Batsman for 14 wickets. Kevin Kynshikhar of Dynamic CC scored 208 runs and the Man of the Series was won by Kevin Kynshikhar of Dynamic CC. West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest in the presence of elders and members of the Association.
Shillong, Nailur 21: More than 500 Rangbah Shnongs including members of Dorbar Shnongs and women have come today to sit down near the Addl Secretariat.
When asked, Kynta said that the unlimited victory of Alexander L. Hek and Sanbor Shullai in the elections is not because the people of Pynthorumkhrah and South Shillong constituencies are watching the party. BJP but it is the people who look at the person because these two are people who work well in their constituencies.
This was stated by the Minister in the Lok Sabha today, while presenting the budget of the Government of India, where he also showed the allocation for the North East.
The epicenter of the 6.1 magnitude earthquake was 12 km.
A week before the exam, the mother and father sat down to think about how those children would be treated.
Before the meeting in Mynsngat, the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Moorap appealed to the police after the arrest of two bloodthirsty men from the village to punish them according to the rules of law.
The Dorbar also directed that all the Village Authorities under the Langrin Syiemship, especially those under the border, should be vigilant not only within their villages but also with those who fall under the Langrin Syiemship. uninhabited areas, farther away from any village.
At the meeting, the NPP welcomed hundreds of leaders from various parties including the PDF, Congress, UDP and other parties.
Not only that, these violators of government rules have also brought the Covid-19 disease to our country.
However, to torture others because you cannot do anything yourself is unfair.
This can be done by collaborating with the relevant authorities and separating the waste using special waste and handing it over to the waste collectors.
JOWAI: The fourth day of the Behdeiñkhlam of the Raij Jowai has been held smoothly.
Because these sponsors or donors have a background plan to get support or avoid opposition if they do anything that affects the society of the country and the nation.
The establishment of the Academic Bank of Credit;xix.
Christ does not associate with the rich, but with the poor.
The Wah Myntdu Cleanliness Association (KYKWM) has deposited T.5 lakh (three lakh) in the account of the West Jaintia Hills District Environment. The Protection & Restoration Fund is headed by the DC and DFO (Social Forestry), West Jaintia Hills Jowai as Member Secretary.
It was also learned that at this meeting, it was agreed that development works should not be allowed in the villages in the area, whether they come from Meghalaya and Assam, but There was also a discussion that if development works come from Assam, the DC of West Karbi Anglong should inform the DC Ri Bhoi office and if they come from Meghalaya, he or the DC of Ri Bhoi should inform. u or the DC of West Karbi Anglong, but not without your consent.
“The Hima urges all the children of the Hima to cooperate for the betterment of the Hima to avoid being attacked by the Assam authorities. " said the King.
Police sources said that two members of the group came at that time this morning and shot the gatekeeper from both legs with AK-47 rifles.
Will the Congress still be able to hold the Shillong MP seat in the MP elections next year? This is the question that the people have started to talk about as the preparations for this election are going on.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The Joint Action Committee of Two Lane Road (JAC-TR) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the discussions during the meeting convened by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today. sun.
“Therefore, I would like to clarify that there are no more illegal coal mining factories operating (in Meghalaya).
He said that the other candidates who will contest the mid-term elections are only patriots who appear quickly in order to insult Bah Ardent. Why don't they come to speak for the problems of the people especially those in the border areas with Assam who are attacked from time to time with Assam.
The KSU today met with the Governor of Meghalaya together with the students of CMJ University at Raj Bhavan.
This will help them learn the value of money and learn to be responsible.
Optimism:— One study shows that people who believe, think and hope for the best produce more antibodies that can fight the flu.
He said that women can also give birth at the sub-centres.
HDR said that the MDCs of the Congress party are all local people. When someone wants to meet him, he said he cannot say yes, but to talk about the change of leadership has not yet happened. he said.
While the audience has already seen Hybrid Theory, only after the band has performed a song in honor of one of the late singers known as the band, Linkin Park, which has affected them, has upset them.
The people should be vigilant and wise during the elections, because if we are misled again even this time, a big problem awaits us.
The Vigilance Committee of the Village Council expresses its gratitude and appreciation to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) East Jaintia Hills District for being quick to take action and listen to the report. Regarding the shortage of kilos of rice, he said that action should be taken against the Government Wholesalers.
The Chief Minister said that he has already spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma and the talks on behalf of the Chief Ministers is the basis of both the State Governments.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Government of Meghalaya has renamed the Ganesh Das Hospital as Ganesh Das Hospital, the Rilbong Chowk as Capt Clifford Nongrum Square and the KJP Synod Road as Thomas. Jones Road, and Gurampani to Saphai.
There are three religious groups, the Catholics, the Niamtre and the Presbyterian.
He said that the government has not taken action to pass the Bill because it has been passed for many years even after it was passed by the Council.
Shillong: The number of new cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya has increased to 811 today. Of these, 559 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from East Garo Hills, 22 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 103 cases from Ri Bhoi and 10 cases from North. Garo Hills, 4 cases from South West Garo Hills, 4 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 77 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases from West Khasi Hills and 21 cases from West Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the Addl DC promised to take care of this issue and said that he would discuss this with other district heads.
The NESO said that this is a sign of victory if there is unity and called on the North East to be united when there are attempts to attack the region. of the Government of India.
Latiplang said that before giving the approval, the Syiem of Mylliem had given a land permit on the 4th of June to the foreigner to set up shop. He changed the name of another foreigner to Tenchen Bahadur Tamang.
The union has also decided to hold a march as a sign of protest against the insurgent groups who have disrupted the peace and order and the march will start from Riangdo to Shallang. The meeting also demanded that the state government should provide security not only in Ri Lum Garo but also along the border areas of West Khasi Hills. Hills and Garo Hill.
However, the Supreme Court has issued a decision not to recognize those who have completed the D.El.
There are also many that have been thrown on the road.
Shillong: The Ministry of Commerce and Industry (C&IM) on Saturday said that it wants to promote the use of drones for the transportation of the famous shynrai from Lakadong village, state. Meghalaya to other parts of the country as part of the country's plan to complete the integration of farmers' activities to other parts of the country.
The Minister will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of projects worth T.11,000 crore in Guwahati.
On the statement against the VPP, Bah Ardent said, “We are a party that even the flag is raised by the people and the statement that the TMC is against the VPP is unfounded and unfounded. it is only the politics of the accused.
Without the Hima Sutnga (Jaintia) there would be no country of 30 Syiems. When the French took over the Hima Sutnga (Jaintia), they abolished the Syiemship and established only the Syiemship. Dolloi and Rangbah Shnong.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs. you witness.
The MLA also expressed his regret that the government has not included him in the High Level Committee from the beginning on the issue of relocation of the people living in Them-iewmawlong.
Through this Round Dorbar of Catholic Women, Shillong Archdiocese which started on Saturday and ended today, the Catholic Women received many symbols of thought as Women from various speakers and they also took part in various programmes.
The body of the child was taken to Ialong District Hospital for post mortem and police found signs of stab wounds on the body of the child. after she had killed him only to show that he had fallen into the well and drowned.
Rangdajied United, who have already qualified for the semi-final, although they have younger players, have started in a good manner. In the third minute, Pdengkarong FC had a chance to score through captain Balamlynti Khongjee but after 10 minutes, Pdengkarong FC had another goal through Kindness Mukhim.
While he was singing, Dr. Mukul Sangma became more and more angry and when he reached the fourth verse he couldn't continue the song because of this heartache and he couldn't set the people of. u, it was there that he got off the stage and stood up without finishing the song and without greeting the end of his speech and went straight to his seat and there he He took the cloth from the plate and gave it to the people.
Village leaders and affected residents from Hingaria, Umstein, Sonapyrdi and other villages attended the meeting.
Today alone, five people have died in the state from the corona virus.
On the other hand, the continued rainfall until Sunday has started to give hope to the residents of the state as the water level in the Umïam Dam has started to rise slightly.
The teacher, whose name was not disclosed, was abducted while returning from school in Tura on Monday morning in an auto with two passengers.
182 years have passed since Rev. Thomas Jones came here, and perhaps the desire of this man was to see the spread of the Khasi language.
“Therefore, we would like to clarify that we did not go with the group led by the Chairman of KHADC but we went as MDCs of the UDP,” said Titos.
From Gaza, the health ministry said about 700 people were killed in an Israeli bomb blast that destroyed many street houses.
This was announced by Amanda Basaiawmoit, Secretary MCTA in a meeting with reporters today.
Therefore, the quarrel became more and more intense and he took a knife and stabbed her in the stomach and struck her from the skhep and threw her shympriahti.
The Government has sent two State Officers to Imphal to oversee the repatriation of students/residents of the State and to arrange for the support of the State authorities. Manipur for the safe passage of these students.
I have also stood up to oppose and urge the Government to repeal and repeal the Casino Act which is a threat to the youth of our country and future generations.
SBUK sends its condolences to all the family members in this great loss, and we pray to the Lord to grant eternal rest to this Star of the country.
Hosea threw a hundred pieces of silver and a hundred and fifty kilograms of barley on the table of the slave trader and the assembled people were filled with joy that he had found his wife again. love thep my soul.
Our young people especially should be brave because if they can hone themselves in the skills they have, they can get jobs to different parts of the world where the income is higher .
Jopshwa L. Mawnai of Mairang Press Academy won the silver medal and Mebanteilang Kharmawlong of St. Thomas High School won the bronze medal.
Speaking to media, these youths said that the Municipal and the district administration have banned the vendors from selling in Khyndai area within 8 pm. Mobile companies, and car companies that sell cars for many days on the road, the Municipal, MUDA and the district authorities allow them.
The Seng invites all the supporters of the Party as well as the people who have the desire to strengthen and work for the Party to attend these meetings at these places.
The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has invited not only the UDP or NPP but all political parties to the programs held in Delhi. .
All the Officer Charges (OCs) and Incharges (ICs) in West Jaintia Hills shall monitor this arrangement so that it can be implemented in all vehicles and two wheelers in the District.
This claim is no longer new.
“Don't be misled by the rumors in the media because they are not true,” said the UDP MDC, Bah Finelyness Bareh.
He said that due to the poor condition of the road, small and heavy vehicles to drive the snow often pose a threat to the school children who go to school in these schools as well as to the pedestrians.
If we go to other states like Jharkhand and even Guwahati, we see that the road construction is very good.
According to information received from the office of the Directorate of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Rupang has been found in only three districts of the state including East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and Meghalaya. East Jaintia Hills and found that from 2019-20 to 2021-22, the expenditure of the department for these three veterinary centers has reached 61,65,988 for these three veterinary centres. year.
Time passed and it was night so Niakha was ready to leave.
However, if India reaches the final against Pakistan, the match between the two teams will be played at a stadium that is not available in any country.
The KHADC officer also alleged that the allegation that the intention to promote Bah Marchwell Lyngdoh is based on the reasons he has seen in the past. Donevan Lyngdoh, who has completed his Master Degree Science 1st Class First, remains in the same rank while Marchwell, who has completed his Master Degree Science, has remained in the same rank. Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Seng Khasi (Kmie) Mawkhar Shillong, as usual every year, will celebrate the The 116th Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem will be held on the 23rd of this month.
In many constituencies, the NPP has counted its votes with the arrival of Prah or the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
He said that the number of candidates for government jobs does not exceed 1200-1500 per annum in sectors, departments, divisions and district selections.
Therefore, the HYC demands that the MRSSA 2016 should be amended to monitor the entry and exit of people in the state,” he said.
“At present, we estimate that there are about 3,000 mobile phones lost in Noida,” said Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (Noida) Shakti Mohan Avasthy.
After the last ritual, thousands of people from different villages flocked to mourn for these two precious and dead souls, to take the bodies. to the cemetery of the Presbyterian Church Tiehsaw Nongstoin, to be buried with dignity.
On the other hand, the Kur Phawa Siangshai invites all the members to attend this annual Kur Dorbar.
However, what happened was shocking, instead of the police fulfilling their duty on the complaint, they acted violently. I want to set up an inquiry into this,” he said.
Shillong: Vennetta Kharsyntiew together with Bah Oristar Jala today, 24th July 2019, came to clarify the allegation by groups of three youths with visual impairments, They alleged that the owner of the house, Kong Vennetta Kharsyntiew, and her husband, Bah Oristar Jala, had evicted these three youths from their house. because of the demand for drinking water.
This was revealed on Friday when the students who applied for the post stopped taking the physical test and held a rally in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner. West Khasi Hills to express its strong opposition to the corruption of the department.
She also demanded that the state government should find ways and means to end the unrest and that the people should not be involved in the protest.
Replying to a question by Bah Syntar Klas Sunn regarding the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, the Minister in charge of Forests, James K Sangma, said that it is the the fact that the MSPCB was established to advise the government.
This species of tree is very useful for planting across the state, especially in the rural areas where the forests have been depleted.
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap Pyllun has expressed its strong opposition to the inspection by the Assam Government authorities who have planned to build a BOP near the river.
Bah Titos was elected as CEM of KHADC on 24th October, 2020 without the need to contest as there were no opponents.
He said that if Conrad Sangma from the National People's Party (NPP) is elected, he will lead the voice of the people of Garo Hills to join the NDA government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
In the past few months, there have been several incidents of violence against the Hindu community in Shaikh Bhirkio village of Sindh as well as in Tando Allahyar district and this is a major threat to the Hindu community. the happiness of the minorities especially the Hindus in Pakistan.
The EM said that the Tribunal has decided to appoint the Iawrod clan as a candidate for the post of Syiem.
Earlier, Meghalaya Police on 14th November seized 48 boxes of heroin worth T.5.5 crore from East Jaintia Hills District.
The Musiaw VEC is located in the Laskeiñ C&RD Block.
Kynjai Para I won the title after beating Rishot FC 3-2 in the Tiger Five Football Tournament organized by the Chilliangraij Sports and Youth Affairs Committee on Saturday.
When asked about the number of temporary and acting Syiems, Bah Jambor said that the Council through the EC will try to appoint the full number of Syiems. The Syiem of Mylliem Hima has been temporarily suspended due to the ongoing investigation but the EC is pleased to bring him back as Syiem and if the investigation finds that there is truth as alleged, we will suspend him. "I don't know," said Mr. Jambor.
Revelation 12:7-9, the time of Satan's casting out of the second heaven to the earth will be a terrible time, and he will be able to rule for a while from the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
They also said he was forced to spend time in jail with dangerous criminals.
To commemorate the day, the party has paid tribute to Samla Shemphang Synrem who has taken the initiative to improve the name of Sohra by abolishing the name of Cherrapunjee.
However, looking back at the past, the BJP has not been able to create a world for this reason, which has turned away the people especially the Christians in the state to support the party, although they have not been able to support the party. there are only a few who follow it.
According to the incident, HUAM said that the bridge is under construction on the Wah Shang to connect from Pamlatar village to Mawlaho which is built of dewbilat under Mawhati Constituency.
“You can't do anything now.
“The State of Meghalaya has not been able to achieve its goals.
Khliehriat, July 23: The JNC today confirmed the new office bearers of the JNC-Jalaphet Circle. The meeting was conducted by the Assistant Secretary of the Jalaphet Circle, Bah Allmiki Ryngkhlem. In the presence of JNC CEC leaders including Sambormi Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Wanshwa Suting, Vice President, Ency Shadap, Finance Secretary, President Sumer Circle, Sakilan Chyrmang and other leaders and members of the Units and Circles of the JNC. traditional dance by the young women of Jalaphet.
However, these longdien, have turned it into a money-making factory, especially the KHADC, where its leaders, instead of protecting the jaidbynriew, have destroyed it by allowing the foreigners. to trade freely and by passing the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, which strikes down the Khasi man and allows the foreigner to rule over us.
The three day District Level Inter School Athletic Meet of the District Sports Office of East Khasi Hills District has come to an end today at SAI STC NEHU. up to 47 schools have sent their children to compete in the age groups including U-14, U-16 and U-18 Boys and Girls.
All tourists who visit tourist spots are required to bring their own plastic bags inside their vehicles to use to collect garbage such as plastic, water bottles, plastic chips and other items by ensuring that they are properly disposed of in the designated waste bins.
As soon as Lanosha got home, she had to wash her clothes and started cleaning.
Shillong: After several months, the Meghalaya High Court has issued an order that the implementation of the State Reservation Policy should have a roster system. This Roster System was approved by the Cabinet on 10th July
Shatrughan Sinha, who has decided to leave the BJP and join the Congress, has not participated well as a member of the Lok Sabha in the past five years.
“If people want to enter Mizoram, they must have an ILP and without an ILP they cannot enter,” he said.
“How do you feel?” he asked. “It's right...” The Secretary who led understood that the approval was very orderly and dismissed the Dorbar.
“On this occasion, the Governor also received the Rashtriya Salute from the groups who took part in the march and the celebration was enriched by the performance of the Women Commando Team of the State. Coffins have been prepared by various departments of the State Government.
Ardent said the people can support by praying and not allow the government to spoil the VPP protest by creating trouble.
Wanthmu Phawa will have to contest against the other candidates of the 21st October Constituency in the 2019 election to win.
The chairman of the ANVC (B) alleged that the SP had threatened by using guns and threatening the youth.
The CORP is surprised to see that the office which is responsible for the implementation of various schemes of the State Government as well as the Central Government for the development of the people in the rural areas is instead a shelter.
Before the distribution of the gifts, a prayer was offered by Bah W.War and the gifts were distributed by these Rangbah.
Maremdor Sutnga was able to contribute in all aspects, including bat & ball and after the end of the match he was awarded the Player of the Match.
He said that these women who attended the training will be able to use the siej which they can get from the Garo Hills and the sale of these items will help to increase their income. their.
The party states that it will not invade the property of others and will not allow others to invade our state and the evidence is from the availability of documents from the Hima authorities through the Syiems and sirdarships.
For the purpose of building houses, health care, roads, education and others, it is necessary to be careful before using science and technology so that it does not cause problems in the future.
There are many Khasi herbal medicines that help to cure many kinds of diseases.
On this occasion, the HSPDP also welcomed new supporters from other parties to join the HSPDP and was confirmed by the President of Mawthadraishan area, Bah Shakliar Warjri. Mikstar Marngar and Peter Marweiñ have been appointed as Working Presidents of the Area Units.
Shillong: The North East Border Traders Association (RIE Exporters and Importers Association) has renewed its office bearers at a meeting held at Pynursla today.
The office has directed the beneficiaries to lodge a complaint if there is no proper distribution or distribution of less than a kilo or taking more than the stipulated price as well as damaged rice. The application can be submitted to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Shillong.
The installation of optical fiber cable across the state to provide adequate network even to remote areas will start from October this year.
The MPCC delegation was led by the Advocate of the Meghalaya High Court, Bah VGK Kynta.
Then the trucks carried dewbilat, but when they turned on the road, they found that it was with dewbilat.
On the 18th there will be a bonfire and the World Cup will be shown on a giant screen and on the evening of the 22nd and 23rd there will be a concert, group dance and songs. Christmas DJ, on the 24th there will be a Christmas Carol and the Orchestra Band from Sakhaiñ Village will play at 6 pm.
The government's inability to connect this road is because the farmers have asked for the construction of the road, but if the government can pay a reasonable price, the farmers who own the road will be able to build the road. to walk, they shall not be afraid to give place.
Khimusniang SC won by four wickets against Evergreen Sports Club Mukhla Mission in the Open To All Cricket Tournament organized by West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WCCC) on Tuesday.
Khan has won two terms as Nongshken MLA and three terms as MDC from the Congress party and has been in the party for 26 years since he resigned from the government to serve the people. .
For example, before the closure of the dam in 2020, the daily income and income of the market vendors was not less than Rs 2000/ (two thousand tyngka).
The SP said the murder of the girl may have been caused by a quarrel as the girl from Manipur was planning to get married in November this year.
In the second half, Mynthong beat Pynthor Youth Social Welfare 2-0, with Decently Talang scoring in the 12th minute and Batskhem Dkhar in the 14th minute.
Hamlet said that since he won the 2018 election, he has never done anything alone but in consultation with the leaders and members of the Core Committee.
Speaking to reporters, Monkiru Shyrmang confessed to the crime before stabbing her in the neck.
"I feel that this scheme for those who are divorced will encourage women to divorce.
Nongpoh: The village leaders of Sohkyndur village in Ri Bhoi district have strongly condemned the robbers who threw stones at the house of Kong Macdalyne S. Mawlong, MDC Umsning. This is the village of Sohkyndur.
All the four candidates, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong and Agatha K. Sangma from Tura, attended the ceremony.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Minister of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh, today said that the department has already investigated into the allegation made by the Director, Bah Donald Langstieh. peon, that he harassed her by sending her to stay overnight in the residence and engaging her in non-office work.
However, for 52 years, there has been no funds to improve this stadium.
Hima Das (11.74) and AT Daneshwari (11.80) in the 100m hurdles finished in 11.52 and was also selected for the Asian Games. women's 200m with a time of 23.21; The time limit for the Asian Games qualifiers is
She said that if Assam brings those stories after independence and after Assam, we should not listen, according to the Chandrachud Committee set up by the government. The 12 areas of dispute have been declared as falling under the border of Assam.
HS Shylla said that CEM Pynshngain has misused the funds of the Council by depositing them into a private account and also using them to donate to the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF). .
On the other hand, the Chief Minister urged all the residents to maintain peace and order in the state by saying, “What is the government and the police doing? it is for the benefit and peace and stability of the citizens of the state”.
The Minister said that after the formation of the new committee, the first meeting is scheduled to be held on the 31st of this month, at 2.30 pm.
Since the media is also an important part of this, it is his duty, as the leader of the state, to speak on this part of the media.
The Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Committee has decided to hold a railway strike from 24th to 26th November
To do that, companies appoint managerial staff who have graduated from schools such as the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) which are universities that teach exactly how to run companies.
Speaking to Rupang, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the incident in Mizoram has shocked the people and the incident in Iongkhuli, which is a small village, but up to three vehicles of Assam troops came. to attack this upsets the people and it is necessary to ask why these things happen.
Jan Mukhim scored the first goal for Umrasong SC in the 37th minute.
“Any nation that lacks literacy means that it lacks concentration,” said Rangbah Sungoh and urged the youth to concentrate on their education so that they can be successful.
Arbinus Lyngdoh MDC from Umroi said that after leaving the Congress party, he saw the statement by UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy during the mid-term MDC election campaign that the UDP will continue to vote for the party. support the PDF under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ until the end of his term and it is on this basis that he agrees with the UDP's decision to join the biggest political party in the state - I left the Congress party to form the EC under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ. After hearing these words from the mouth of the President of the UDP, I went to join the UDP on the 21st. “It's a short time this year,” said Bah Arbinus.
They didn’t mean anyone harm, and they didn’t know it themselves, but the virus had gotten through them.
Furthermore, if you arrive at the hospital during the rainy months, all four corners are filled with biscuits.
He said that the KHADC has been in existence since 1952 before the state was fully independent.
Hakinidahun Suchiang and three other children from the same group won the 1st prize in the Project Exhibition; and Porchon Chakma and Ksh.
The false news that we hear from time to time we must be vigilant and vigilant and we must fight as hard as we can to live together in this state.
Therefore, I strongly request the government as well as various associations to urge the government to pay the 30% Arear and also the Dearness Allowance as mentioned above.
Shillong: The Vice President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress (TMC) and former MLA from Umroi, Bah George B Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that every government has its shortcomings and advantages.
In the Bri u Hynniew Trep, it is not permissible to take jait from a man, nor is it permissible to take jait from a Dkhar mother, because in the religion of the Dkhars it is not permissible to take jait from a woman.
There has been a stir from within which has increased the working methods of the party after Rikman G Momin elected office bearers who have worked hard to improve the party.
The teams will be divided into seven groups of four teams each, while three teams will play in Group-A, B and C, which will be played in Kolkata.
MPCC President DD Lapang told reporters on Monday that all the candidates for the 29 seats have been elected by the MPCC. The KHADC has announced this earlier.
He said that if you have any problems, you should not go to the light bill counters but should contact the officers.
VPP promises to investigate expenditure in the fight against Covid-19, corruption in Saubhagya, corruption in the implementation of JJM, collapse of the Assembly floor, illegal mining The shooting of teargas against teachers and the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfied Thangkhiew at his residence.
Besides, he said that the pansngit worn by women shows their purity.
In the nursery, the soil is irrigated regularly.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will continue its demand for the implementation of its 14 demands (the Inner Line Permit System). The Residential Permit for Immigrants, which will include the demand to stop the construction of the railway line until the ILP is implemented, and the Residential Permit for Immigrants to restrict the entry of foreigners into the country. This is the first time I've seen a picture of Bri Hynniewtrep.
“Four candidates are MDCs and the signs are clear that I will win again in this fourth round,” said Comingone. so that he can continue to bring about development in all aspects.
The DC said this during a meeting with the leaders of the Environmental Coordination Committee (ECC) on Tuesday.
In Meghalaya, according to the 2011 census, there are more than 48,000 people with disabilities and it is believed that the number has doubled this year.
It is difficult to say anything now without seeing the report but as the Government we have not taken stingy.
Indeed, if we are honest, there are those who pray first in any area of ​​life and there are also Christians who pray when they are desperate to do anything else.
However, the functioning of these ADCs is still slow, corrupt, full of shortcomings, weak and does not give any satisfaction to the people of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo.
There are also candidates who have tried to spend money to buy the people of the village, so that they can give their support.
Our request to the voters is to those who have billions of rupees.
In this world of knowledge, many have found peace but have not found peace.
When asked to compare former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee with the current Nitish, he said, “What is the comparison? We received great love and trust from Atal Ji when we joined the NDA under the leadership of George Fernandes.
Adelbert said that if the allegations of corruption against the government are not true, then the present government should give a strong response to the allegations of these leaders or by lodging a complaint. They have filed a complaint against them for saying something that affects the name and reputation of the state.
The death toll in the UK in the past 24 hours has risen to 390, bringing the total to 1,7
Nine shooters from Meghalaya, Balarishisha Rani, Anjali Singh, Toiabha Mylliempdah and Shirley, have won medals in the competition. M.Kharbuli, Pynkhraw Kharshiing, Uttam Sinha and Dennyson Kyrsian have reached the National Minimum Qualifying Score (MQS) to qualify for the Nationals. The 63rd NSCC will be held in Bhopal in November
The PHE department has announced in recent days that the water supply will be affected due to the failure of another department to improve the electrical signs.
She said that after she found out that the government had cheated her, she went to the officer and gave her the soh that she had cut from the trees and she had received help from him to find out the truth.
The term of office of the two district councils, KHADC and JHADC, is scheduled to expire on 4th October this year, Prestone said. October for 6 months.
Walnang T Sangma is from Megam Akong village near Kharkutta.
The sohniamtra market was organized by SDSHG, Nongsteng and Riti Academy of Visual Arts, with the support of the government and other departments including the Horticulture Department and the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship.
The bodies were recovered by the police with the help of the villagers.
Ibson later left Cyprus in 2015 to sign a contract with Ayia Napa FC. He has made 16 appearances for the club and scored 10 goals.
I have been drinking alcohol, for 35 years and never taken medication.
The withdrawal of the two provisions of the VAB by the ruling PDF of KHADC has caused opposition from the people and political parties.
“We don't accept the explanation from the Assam Government but we demand that an inquiry should be conducted not by the Investigation Department of the State Government but by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) of the Central Government. “It is to reveal the facts of the incident and to secure the rights of those who were seriously injured in the shooting so that the people of Meghalaya can know all the facts,” said Bah Rani.
He said that once the report on the incident arrives, the Government will examine the next step on this demand,” said the MDC. He said he would discuss the matter with the Ministry of Defense of the Government of India.
The MCTA has announced its refusal to cooperate with the VC on the order that all colleges should implement the NEP 2020 from 1st July
The West Jaintia National Council (WJNC) Central Body has expressed its deep sorrow over the problems faced by women from time to time especially during the time of childbirth at the hospital.
Shillong, March 18: The State Government has decided to repay the Rs 565 crore debt of MeECL to the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC). no up to 20 times paid.
According to Sunil Arora, CEO of Health Sevak, the book was written by many prominent writers who have mentioned and explained many of the changes that the country has undergone under the leadership of Modi in these years. 20 years.
According to the decision held on Tuesday at Kurkalang Bhoirymbong Square, the RBMTMCA has decided to increase the fare by 100 rupees. 40 to T.30 per head.
However, we still take advantage of the opportunity to criticize, to destroy the dignity of women and not only that, we threaten, threaten, shoot, beat and rape them.
One area differs from another in the tone of voice and in the pronunciation of the language from another but if we look closely, most of them are related to the mother tongue or the original Khasi language.
According to a complaint lodged by the family members of the Officer in Charge Ladrymbai Police Outpost, these two children have been missing since 04/05/2021 at 9.00 pm and have not returned yet.
The kseh hills can only protect the fertilizer from being washed away by the rainwater because the kseh hills are small and thick like a thyrnia.
According to the RTI, the names of Tein Rymbai (mother), Lewanka Dkhar (husband), brothers including Lasan Rymbai, Kitbok Rymbai and Sanbok Rymbai appear not only on the list of beneficiaries and the list sent. The CEM to the FAO after the CEM has submitted its recommendation for the release of the funds.
He expressed his sorrow and anger over the erection of a signboard about 400 meters from the Tax Gate within the boundary of Khanduli village.
“This is the last moment I have spoken to him,” said Kong Pyngrope.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: After receiving a complaint from the players regarding the pollution and disorder at one of the venues of the Meghalaya Games 2022 at Laban Sports Club, the KSU Laban Circle under the leadership of Jason Laloo, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU Laban Circle, visited the site.
The state government has received up to $100 million from the ADB for the improvement of schools in the state.
These children said that they do not face problems only from the community but their families do not want to take them outside.
The Enforcement Department of KHADC was led by the Superintendent of the Department, Bah Poland Sohphoh.
Today, the people from all over the villages including the Rangbah Shnong of Sutnga District viz.
“There are those who ask why you changed the principle, it is not the change of Dr Mukul Sangma but the joint decision of the Congress and others at that time to introduce the MRSSA. At that time, there was no CAA. The introduction of the CAA, which grants citizenship to foreigners, requires an ILP”.
The party said that the jaitbynriew has lost many rishot and also this time we have lost another rishot that has a foundation of the jaitbynriew.
“If formalin is found even after they have issued a certificate of non-formalin, the government should take the necessary action,” said Bah Wankhar. Because it is said that these fish have been tested from the place where they were brought.
We can say that it is our country and land because we are the first inhabitants.
“About 13,000 coal miners have fled Garo Hills till Tuesday after eight coal miners from Assam were shot dead,” he said.
However, it is surprising why they are in the markets, villages and conducting illegal searches of the property of the residents of Amlarem and surrounding villages,” said Laitphar.
Shillong: A student from Shillong, who is studying at Mody College in Laxman Garh, Rajasthan, has been found dead in her hostel room on June 27,
Shillong, March 17: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, today held an emergency meeting with all the members of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF). I don't trust him as a leader in the District Council, because he is no longer a Congress member and has become an independent person.
After that, he released another album, called Kuli Juk, after that, he released another album, called Jadu Aïu Sha Part I, II, III, IV and finally in 2005, Jadu Aïu Sha V Later, Bah Waroh also went to sing in different parts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills and attracted many music lovers, especially in the North East and Jaintia Hills.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting today, the government has lifted the ban on setting up liquor shops on the roads from 500 meters to zero. meter which means that liquor shops can be set up along the road if NOC is obtained from the relevant authorities.
Therefore, the Khasi people have shown that they are the most powerful people in the world because they have rebelled against the creation and purpose of the Almighty God, the God of Israel. who is the most powerful of all the other Gods in the whole world.
The HSPDP has elected Hopingstone Lyngdoh, Bajubon, Prof. GG Swell and others.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of the Ration for the month of December 2020 at Khliehriat.
It is to be recalled that 4 months ago on 2nd June 2019, the Seng had erected a signboar reading 'Welcome to West Khasi Hills' in Nongshram which is also the last village. of West Khasi Hills before reaching Garo Hills.
Thus, that is what happened at Revelation 22:1
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Employment Cell of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today visited the Employment Cell of the Sengkmie to learn about the unemployment of Khasi youth in various factories in the Industrial Area in Umiam. HANM has visited many factories in the area and through this inspection, the HANM has found that the number of workers in the area is more foreigners than Khasi youths. to work in these factories.
He sought to gain a stronghold in England and France.
These statues were burnt at Mawlai Petrol Pump, in the presence of the people, including various political parties; They also expressed their condolences to the state government over the shooting death of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
The Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) will be posted on Tuesday on the MJUNCTION Portal and the auction will be held on Tuesday.
“We understand that this is the land of the government but considering the longbriew manbriew, the board should have understood us and given us time to bring the highest prices,” said Vicky Lyngwa.
The Khasi (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam) villagers cannot leave their own country in search of income.
“Why do you say that?
Speaking at the meeting, HYC Nongstoin Circle Organizing Secretary Samla Olivertwis Marngar said that the youth need to love their own work for the development of the country.
The Waheh Shnong of Amlarem, Ma Kampher Pohlong said that the fire is suspected to have been caused by an electrical fault.
He said there were some irregularities and discussions had been held to resolve the issues.
He said that at present, the people are facing difficulties in getting the gas cylinders on time, but it is surprising that the gas cylinders which should have been distributed to the people have been distributed to Hotels and Restaurants.
However, the Canadian media did not provide much information about Yash but investigated Gadru more.
“The program was also attended by E Warjri, Sub-Divisional Officer, Pynursla Civil Sub Division, Pynursla as the Chief Guest. Head of Government, District Child Protection Officer, District Child Protection Officer and others from Pynursla.
STEDS has organized this festival to encourage the youth to showcase their talents and this time all the residents of Meghalaya are allowed to take part in this competition.
Mr. Walter has won many dance competitions around the country, and is invited to many large gatherings to showcase his exceptional dancing skills.
The buskit includes T.50,000 for the winner and prize and T.20,000 for the runner-up.
Perhaps we think that the damage of the disease is happening and affecting only now during the lockdown when we are not able to go to work.
If we can do as mentioned later, then we can claim to be a nation of people.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah D. Nongsiej, SDSEO, South West Khasi Hills District. Sakwang, Assistant Head Teacher Stemly Kharjahrin, reading on the history of Hep Memorial Primary School, Sakwang.
Therefore, it is unpleasant that some people are exaggerating the death of this patient for unknown reasons.
Marak said the National People's Party (NPP)'s claim on the majority to form a new EC in GHADC is wrong because according to the order of the Court in 2000, the District Councils to form ECs require a minimum of 17 members instead of
However, the most expensive goods in the world today are not exactly the right products.
Before the body of Bah Neil Nongkynroh arrived at Jiva Restaurant Nongpoh, the employees of Bah Neil Nongkynroh, along with others from Shillong, lined up to welcome him on his way from Nongpoh to Nongbah. Shillong, which is also a sign of expressing his last condolences to the family members, who accompanied him from Mumbai and Guwahati Airport in the presence of district officials and police of Ri-Bhoi. .
Mookyndur opened the scoring in the 15th minute through Jomsing Pariat.
Ampareen M Lyngdoh said that the party hopes to do well in all the four constituencies to win.
Explaining the demand for ILP by the political parties, Bah Pyndap said that the demand for ILP is not against anyone but to protect the nation.
According to the Minister, the time has come when they cannot continue the old method of mining and even the owners and miners want to use this method.
The Parent's Body was led by Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh while the Youth Congress was led by Bah Balajied Ranee, MDC Nongpoh Constituency.
The unions said that many Class III and IV employees have been transferred from Garo Hills to Khasi Hills while not a single Khasi has been brought to Garo Hills.
It is not yet clear where he got the money and who was involved in sending it through him.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr DD Lapang said that as the government has taken steps to provide for the needs of the people, he urged the users of the vehicle to to take good care of it, so that it may be of great benefit to the multitudes of churches.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 3 cases, one of which is high risk and 2 cases are from abroad.
Not only that, it was reported that the Bangladesh government's ships, which are located in Synrem, have also collapsed and many other ships have been damaged and destroyed due to the storm. you um bah.
Referring back to the residents of this area and also to the surrounding villages, it is sad to say that although this area has this famous place, but the residents of this area. These areas are still far behind in terms of income and other development, due to the lack of roads which are the source of economic growth and income.
However, at present, whoever wants or whoever is allowed to do so, even the Independent Constitution cannot issue an order to forcibly demolish anyone's buildings even if the need demands it.
The demand of the DC today is to complete the investigation within three months.
Lapangap Village has received the same statement from the leaders during the election campaign, in which they say that they sympathize with Lapangap Village and if they reach the goal they will do whatever they want. but whoever came to power has forgotten this election promise.
Earlier, the IMD had announced that the rainfall will continue till July 30, but from the continuous heavy rainfall in most parts of the country, it was identified that the rainfall will still.
He said he understands the feelings of the party and religious leaders who have opposed the registration of Aadhar numbers, but he cannot do anything, because it is He said his office has also decided to hold a meeting at his office on the 19th with the KSU leaders to discuss the implementation of Aadhar. PC Gotmare, DC of Ri Bhoi District.
After the protest by planting rice and fish on the NH-6 as a sign of protest against the unfair behavior of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to repair the damaged road, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) EJHD Unit on Monday announced another protest to ban traffic through this road.
This will pave the way for the district to become self-sufficient in terms of electricity generation.
He said that during the four months of his preparation for the MLA Election-2023, he has had the opportunity to visit every village and every household of the residents of the 3-Raliang Constituency and in meetings with the residents. they gave him their full support.
$25,000 ITF men, Jakarta, Indonesia: Singles (first round): Tegar Wibowo (Mother) defeated Dheeraj Srinivasan  6-3, 6-0.
However, it was after receiving information and explanation on the DDU-GKY scheme that he was able to work in BPOs in Gujarat and was able to support his family.
Aditya Sahu, BJP leader in Jharkhand, said that this is the money of the JMM-Congress government. public money, for many of their needs".
Jowai, March 9: Two persons have lost their lives after drowning in a pond at Jarain village, Amla-rem Sub-Division.
In Nongkrem, two former CEMs, Ardent M Basaiawmoit, incumbent MLA and HS Shylla, incumbent MDC, have nominated candidates.
When asked, he said that four or five Congress MLAs have met with the central leaders and expressed their desire to join the BJP. Mawrie said the defeat of the BJP candidate from Rajabala Constituency in the mid-term elections is because the party has not been able to win. You are in this constituency.
These festivals include the Cherry Blossom Festival, which is scheduled to start on 24th November, 2022 and the Megong Festival which is scheduled to be held in Garo Hills in the coming days.
Before the cleanliness drive, the Vice President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rangbah O.Pyngrope, first raised the flag of the Seng Khasi Kmie. The ceremony was attended by Rangbah Skor Jala, Elder of the Lum Jingthang Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie. to the Mount of Olives.
Nongpoh, July 15: The Central Election Committee (CEC) has directed the area units of those constituencies to apply Article 37 of the Constitution of the HSPDP. The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation, Mawhati Circle has decided to announce a strike in the coming months to demand the upgradation of the Mawhati PHC which has been serving many villages in the area. The government should upgrade the PHC to a CHC so that the people can get adequate services.
The accident happened on the 11th of June and in just five days police have investigated the case and confirmed that he did not intend to kill but it was a mistake.
Nongpoh, Naitung 17: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and the RBYF have agreed not to betray each other.
From the records of the PWD Roads Division, the figures show that five projects which were allocated in October 2015 and scheduled to be completed in 2018 have remained uncompleted. until the date of the audit in November, 2022.
Indeed, in the world of science and technology in which we live today, people even living in remote areas are aware of all kinds of events because mobile phones and the Internet are in their hands.
The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) in an emergency meeting held today, 11th July, 2021, expressed its deep sorrow over the death of The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has warned the media for their failure to publish the HNLC's curfew calls from time to time.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 79493 out of which 76223 have recovered and 1379 have died.
You're KSU.
Kynjai Lamat was trying to bring water to his farm when he was carrying a water pipe when an electrical sign from Lakroh Mini Hydel Project was caught in the electricity and died on the spot.
The bill needs the approval of both houses of Parliament before it becomes law.
In his speech, Mohrmen congratulated the CEO's office for allowing them to do this small job to recognize and honor the cleaners of JMB. In collaboration with the JMB, the cleaners were donated with safety equipment including plastic tupia, gloves, mask. ), goggles and each certificate of appreciation as a sign of appreciation for their service to the village as a whole.
This is the hottest temperature ever recorded by scientists.
Otherwise, we would be destroying the grace and love of God who has given us a supernatural mind that distinguishes man from animals.
He said that if other parties continue to support the present government led by the National People's Party (NPP), they have to take responsibility for the life and death of the people of Meghalaya.
Shillong: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills have allowed the Congress for 15 years to advocate for the issues of the people in Parliament. they shall judge him.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District, led by Banjop Maring, Education Secretary, Bah Lambok Rymbai, Vice-President, August Nongbri and many other members of the KSU, today held a meeting. Dwipendra Thakuria, Dean of the College of Agriculture (COA) Kyrdemkulai, to inquire about the presence of some people from Manipur, who have come to work in the college. place.
The two judges rejected the order issued by the Additional District Magistrate (Judicial) which allowed them to appeal against the release of Champion.
“This is the best example you have taken for unity and also to bring unity and cooperation with other neighboring villages in this area,” he said.
“In the border settlement, the two State Governments have decided to allow the people living in the border disputed areas to decide where they want to go to which state.
There are those who oppose the government's laws on wearing masks or staying away; But in fact, it is not true that we have forced the people and if we have understood to be vigilant or disciplined, then without fail, it would have been very helpful for the government laws to work. , because this is a law related to health and does not affect the customs, or the rule of law and if we understand to take care of ourselves, there is a saying, that protection is more important than taking medication.
If someone dies at home from Covid-19, please immediately inform the nearest health center (CHC/PHC/Sub-Centre) which will take the necessary action. , the bodies of the deceased should be taken directly to the cemetery for rituals.
He said that the drug can damage the body and makes the person who drinks and uses it addicted.
Of course, there is an old understanding that says this.
The privilege of being inside a car is like being inside a car.
Therefore, on these issues, the officials of the two villages of Manad and Mawbidong have requested the government to take action on this issue of the people and at the same time they have requested the Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of PHE, Government of Meghalaya and MLA of the area, to help in the creation of funds for the implementation of the project. The scheme is implemented by the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM).
Even if their term of office is unknown, the following are the Dolloi whose names we can know; 1.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, said that according to the rules of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) Committee, any group or individual who wishes to hold a public auction of the coal has been requested. seize.
This is the first time that the team under the leadership of Khlaiñ Pyrkhat Syiemlieh has reached the final.
Referring to the UDP's statement against the NPP in every election, Tynsong said, “We don't have anything to say now, you see that politics is changing, it can be every day. I can't say now"
U Bah Metbah also congratulated the founders of the school and the missionaries who established the school for their ability to work for the people and also congratulated the pastors, the managing committee. of the school and the presbytery for its ability to improve the school as it is now.
The UDP has contested the mid-term MDC election against Bah Pius, who is also an MLA. The polling day will be on the 28th of this month and the counting will be on the 3rd of October.
And Part 10 of Article 244 and Part 12 of Article 275 are part of protecting tribals and minorities like us, Dalits and Adivasis.
Music also plays in your eardrum.
The Seng strongly urges the State Police to investigate and arrest immediately these foreigners who have been involved in this incident. The Owners of the Country who are the flesh and blood of the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
He said that the preparation has been going on for decades how to develop a dam to accommodate boats for those who want to sit in the water, then to build a pond and also a that the house is clean.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : The Managing Director of MeECL, Sanjay Goyal on Monday said that the water level at the Umïam Dam has increased and thus the power outages in Shillong, Tura and other parts of the country have been affected. Jowai has been extended to two hours while other places have been extended to five hours from 18th November.
As far as can be seen from the situation in the Khadar system, there are some political obstacles which have affected the struggle and in the union, by respecting those who have not yet there are leaders who are as tall as those who were ancient in the beginning.
During her visit, Mamata will hold a Christmas celebration in Shillong where she will meet with party office bearers and the people.
The National Vice President and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday denied the allegation by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma regarding the corruption scandal. The purchase of land in Mawpdang village at a cost of T.140 crore.
Even if Blake was sad and heartbroken about having to leave the children, she did this for them and for them to be happy in the future.
The helicopter fee has to be paid to M/s Aryan Aviation Private Limited which amounted to T.6.16 crore. T.29.47 lakh has been paid for the 2023-2024 fiscal year.
Bran ran quickly on his feet and was afraid immediately.
He said that the people are facing real problems in the present government.
Thus, she can understand even the flow of blood in the veins of that Son.
Also present at the distribution were Dr A Khonglah in charge of Padu State Dispensary, General Secretary HYC War Jaintia Circle Tohmondiam Mukhim, President of Padu Unit Dikermi Mukhim and others.
Before the Temple was built, there would be a great battle (Matthew 24:6-7).
The incident happened two days after the mock drill of the State Government to prevent natural disasters.
This information came through relatives.
Bah Nongrum has decided to go on hunger strike until his death if the government does not accept the VAB sent by the KHADC. on Saturday,” said KHNAM General Secretary Bah Batkupar Wahlang.
However, the cost of food to prepare the disciples is tens of thousands of lakhs of rupees.
Therefore, Political Parties or candidates or anyone who wishes to meet him can call or meet him between 10 am and 11 am.
Whether 2023 is fast or slow, it has now gone into the sunset and will never return.
We congratulate the Jal Jeevan Mission Meghalaya team and set a target to continue to achieve 100 percent drinking water supply to all households in the state.
Shillong, November 10: Due to the lack of land to plant soh ñiamtra which is one of the sources of income for the residents of Tyrna village in the past few years, many of the residents of Tyrna village have been forced to plant soh ñiamtra. im not from tourism.
However, the management of Star Cement has not yet announced how much it has donated to the CM Relief Fund.
As the leader, I have also called a meeting of the PWD officers,” he said.
“We are a mother-in-law community and that is why the merger with the old district should be with the Cabinet, which believes that this district is in the eastern part of the country. The West Khasi Hills, therefore, should not be called the Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Then the Kongthei continued, “Now that I feel close to you, it's just with you.
Pyndap Bang of Dongmihsngi, Jowai, who was driving a Maruti Swift (ML04 C 8728), collided with another Maruti Swift parked on the road.
Joshi tied for 52 balls while Khan scored
“Although the intention of the party to meet was the DC, but as she was not there, we went to meet the ADM on these schemes in the district where the ADM urged the people and the authorities Village Authority to cooperate with any government scheme for the benefit of the area and the district as a whole,” said Bah Borbanjop.
Himalaya Shangpliang, former MLA of Mawsynram Constituency, should be praised by many churches for bringing this issue to the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly. the plight of health facilities located in rural areas that are still poorly equipped with access to resources.
