The meeting was attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. , who is also the MLA of the area, PWD Minister Dasakhiat Lamare and others.
Khliehriat, Naitung 3: Seven members of the National People's Party (NPP) from Sutnga-Saipung Constituency on Saturday announced that they have left the party. They left the party after the party leaders from Shillong did not respect them and refused to give ticket to Bah Hopeful Bamon, former MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency. Thijlang Shyrmang, former President of the NPP 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency, said, “In fact, I don't have any intention of leaving the NPP. I have been the President of the NPP-Block Saipung Sutnga constituency for almost three years and during these years we have worked hard to strengthen the party. In June, we were asked by the NPP leadership from Shillong (NPP-State Level) to hold a meeting to select or send the name of the candidate to contest the 2023 election. At that meeting, together with the majority of the people, we decided to send the name of Bah Hopeful Bamon, who is also the former MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency. The NPP party here in the constituency, so we did as directed and we went to submit the nomination papers to Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Prestone Tyngsong and Connrad Sangma. Santa Mary Shylla has joined the NPP party and applied for ticket. The NPP leaders have invited us back to Shillong for the ticket, so in our meeting with Prestone Tyngsong and Sñiawbhalang Dhar, they told us that they have thought carefully about Hopeful Bamon doesn't have enough money while Santa Mary Shylla has a lot of money. They said, and I as the President of the Block from Sutnga Block NPP I have argued and I have opposed that decision of them, I said it does not depend on the money but it depends on the love of the people. At the same time, Bah T.Shyrmang from Sutnga Constituency, said that the victory does not depend on the availability of money. Santa Mary Shylla is not a member of the Sautnga-Saipung Constituency. “When talking to the NPP leaders, Sñiawbhalang Dhar, Shillong, said that from Bhoi, they have sent a candidate who does not have votes in the constituency where he is contesting, while he wins, as well as from Mawhati, Umroi and Nongkrem. Dasakhiat Lamare said that they will win. “Well, that's the difference between others and us, because we are not like that here, we are candidates from outside constituencies. “If you want the NPP to win the election in 2023, you will be able to win the elections in 2023,” said Shyrmang. Sutnga-Saipung Constituency, I don't want to vote for the candidate I want, because I don't vote for him, I don't want to vote for the ticket because I understand that if he wins, Hopeful Bamon will win. They said that they have already given the ticket to Santa Mary Shylla. In fact, if they don't want to give the ticket to Bah H. Bamon, we want to give the ticket. “We don't like anyone from outside the constituency,” said the seven members.
Um Bailey is brewed at M/S Padmesh Beverages, Satgaon, Udayan, Vihar, Kahilakuchi, Guwahati.
It is understood that the President of the HFU, Bah Commander Shangpliang, will raise some of the issues faced by the farmers of the state.
At the same time, he said that the district administration will hold a painting at the Ram Krishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center on Quinton Road.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has replied to clarify the points mentioned by Bah Adelbert and said that this newly amended Act will help to strengthen the powers of the States. because even the definition of forest has been implemented according to the laws of the State and not according to the definitions under the Indian Forest Act or the definitions in other laws.
He said the decision to join the BJP was not taken by the leaders alone but with the consent of the people.
It is not easy for the State Government to relocate the Metor Area to other places and it is not easy for the Government to take decisions without the consultation of various groups or without the consultation. Therefore, the State may experience instability again.
“We are ready to talk to other political parties to work together for 2018,” said Bah Saiborn. Adelbert Nongrum, MDC of Jaiaw and Ban Nongbri from Mawlai.
JOWAI: Two candidates of the Indian National Congress have joined the United Democratic Party (UDP).
In this Dieng Bhang ceremony, the Phang Nein was won, which showed (according to the belief) that the rice and agriculture would be better in the East (Phang Nein).
And so shall we ever be with the Lord.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The All North East Garo Law Promoters' Association (ALA) has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, West Garo Hills, Tura. The letter was also sent to the members of the State Legislative Assembly, the media and other political leaders, alleging that Mukul Sangma had cheated for the sake of obtaining a Scheduled Tribe Certificate.
At this meeting, MPR Lyngdoh congratulated the management of the school after completing 75 years of service.
STIEH Leader Purity Phawa in a statement today, congratulated the people as well as the political groups and leaders who have joined hands to express their strong opposition to the CAB
Speaking to us by phone, Pala said the MPCC will hold a meeting this month to discuss the Sohiong elections.
This song is a Khasi song about love.
Scientists around the world are telling us more about the danger of this disease.
The deceased was identified as Banijied Hasdah, Class-X student of St. Francis School, Umling and his parents were identified as Nicholas. Hasdah and Money Kisku.
Adding on the same issue, Babu SS Majaw said that the Khasi Author Society has also fought for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, and this struggle has been going on for many years. , urged the HYC to take this issue as one of the most important issues for the people, and the HYC has promised to take responsibility for the introduction of the Khasi language. in the 8th Schedule.
“These photographs show the unhealthy and unhealthy accommodation for sportsmen in connection with the delay in preparations for the Commonwealth Games in Delhi in recent years.
Wahlang said that the reason for not electing them is because the party as a whole does not trust them anymore.
They are responsible for strengthening the memory and functioning of the brain.
Conrad said the present state government is ready to assist and contribute by setting up the FOCUS and FOCUS Plus schemes, through which these programs and activities will distribute assistance. to the farmers in the state.
“If they do so without any information, there may be a lot of confusion and when the CM will decide on this matter according to the inspection of the documents of these two persons, “It will be difficult for the Prime Minister to change the notification from the Central Government”.
He said that as a resident of the state and Ri-bhoi, he is sad to see that the region and the state are not developing as they deserve to develop in all aspects.
“The appointment of the Nokma should be done by the Governor in accordance with the customs and traditions of the Garo people,” he said.
He said that the inability of the SDP to send security forces on 28 June 2020, during a public meeting in Ichamati, to oppose the CAA and demand the implementation of the ILP. for there is nothing behind it, for the foreigners who came to fight on that day were ready.
This species is grown throughout India; but of the states which grow it best, Madras is the first.
On the other hand, it was said that the government has decided that all the Deputy Commissioners should have a meeting with the village leaders, as the government needs the cooperation to curb the This disease has spread sted in the state.
Only two Indians have received the award, Sushmita Sen in 1994 and Lara Dutta in
In fact, the state needs to have its own railway station, in order to transport goods at a reasonable price, but if this railway comes to the state, it will also bring “There is a continuous influx of mynder, which has brought the nation into great danger,” said Ferdynald Kharkamni.
Other election teams had to walk for four hours to reach the polling stations.
The court issued the order on Tuesday while hearing a petition filed by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council Staff Association (JHADCSA) after they have not received their salaries since December 2019 from the council. .
“We have stopped listening and in the last month of July if the District Council does not do anything it may reach the point where we will close down the District Council,” said the HNYM leader. Shillong, November 20 : The Cabinet of Ministers of the MDA Government today approved the amendment of the Guidelines
What is wrong with them that despite their desire to learn – which gets nothing, they are disconnected in this way? This has led to a situation where children have dropped out of school part-time and there are only empty classrooms," Clinton said.
Shillong: Several elders of Laskein Block area who have the spirit to promote tourism, have unanimously decided to set up a voluntary organization to look after the tourism industry. promote tourism in the region.
They have also given big news that to get money from the Government of India to build Assembly Building, sports development, agriculture, etc. They don't think that if the people die, there is no value in the development. They are proud to meet the Minister of Delhi from time to time.
“I congratulate the MDA government for taking the initiative to start resolving this issue which has been pending for many years. Now, because this is an issue that has been pending for decades since we got our own state, no previous government has been willing to bring this issue. ".
“Laws arising from the existence of customs, beliefs and practices related to religion cannot be amended or repealed by introducing the UCC. that the beliefs, customs and traditions of 'one religion' shall be imposed on other religions through the UCC.
Regarding this incident, the KSU Nongthymmai Circle has strongly condemned the incident and has met with the Officer incharge of Rynjah Police Station to urge the law enforcement agencies to take action. to punish severely so that such an incident will not happen again in the future to these other women and children when they leave to go to the east.
“Now he is no longer a member of any committee,” said Lamphang.
There are some elders who say that his speech is a religious speech and that it is true.
Rev. Thomas Jones crossed the Umngot and Umkhen Rivers through the barren forests of Bhoi Hills by using the first David Scott Road from Umwang, Nongtung, Balakongor and Umsawai to reach Jagi and Gauhati.
While the time of his wrath is still going on in this present world.
However, after the approval of Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, the payment of coal trucks to the Home Minister has increased.
Jowai, March 03: The General Meeting of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi will be held on 07/10/2023 at 10:30 am at its office at Thadmuthlong C Phramer District.
The AICTE-Swanath Scholarship Scheme (Degree & Diploma) is for children who have lost their parents or both due to Covid-19 or children of soldiers. Armed Forces and Central Parliamentary Forces who risk their lives in the performance of their duties.
Some said that in 2018, the people of Nongstoiñ constituency have worked hard to elect the MLA, because in public meetings he has promised to lift the ban on mining and transportation of coal within 180 days.
No public gatherings or processions are allowed.
United Nations (UN) Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Friday urged the world to take action on climate change as the global temperature in November exceeded setting records in all times and years and is a serious threat to the earth if the temperature is exceeded.
On the other hand, the party has suggested that the election of MLAs/MDCs/MPs, when they come to campaign in the Dorbar Shnongs, should allow only the candidate and four followers. .
“We don't want the party to take the glory, but the glory belongs to the nation because I don't believe that some people say that the Khasi don't unite and now we will unite only one nation, the Pnar, the Bhoi. “The War, the Maram and the Lyngngam are the paid Khasi,” he said.
Right to know exactly about the condition of the furniture.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) has sent a letter to all the MLAs of the state to implement the demand that the government should take over all the teachers' posts in the state. urge them to take the initiative to talk to the government.
The Licensing Officer (LO) of Taxation Department JHADC, Khliehriat and Umkiang Village Leaders together with the Police raided the shops occupied by foreigners on the 15th of March and found that up to 13 shops were occupied by foreigners. Shops run by foreigners do not have a trading license and service license which the owners and operators must obtain from the council to set up shops selling goods, food items, clothes and other items.
Therefore, if society follows suit, it will be easier to be overwhelmed by other ethnic groups.
Nongstoin, July 19: Several Khasi employees of a company known as 'TANTIA' which is implementing the Nongstoin Greater Water Supply Scheme (NGWSS) have been arrested. in Law Jyllieh, they alleged that they were involved by a foreigner who is also the Manager of the company.
He went missing on the 16th and his body was found the next day in a forest at Mynkre, East Jaintia Hills.
The rhetoric of some politicians and opposition leaders with their jail jaum words just to mislead the people who do not have a clear understanding, is something that is wrong in this system of government. and the people (Democracy).
“Now we buy synsar from Pynursla for T.85 per kilo because it is better with short trees and less flowers, while the price of synsar from Mawsynram is lower and we buy it at T.83 per kilo. “, said Das who has been buying synsar and tyrpad leaves since 1988 at this market.
Jowai, November 01: The funeral service of the Pator of Jowai District, Raymond Nartiang at the Yung Langdoh of Raij Chyrmang was held today.
People from Sohiong constituency and outside the state have expressed their desire for Bah Amazing Kurbah to contest the MDC election on the ticket of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) from Sohiong constituency. year.
Shylla said that the farmers used to cultivate Sohsaw during the rainy season but now they cultivate it because there is no market.
“Let the people ask the AITC whether the intention to revise the MOU wants to continue to confuse the residents on the border until the end of the world? If they want to renew the MOU, let the people decide on this proposal of the AITC”.
Crime itself is not easy to detect and all criminals will always have their own methods of detecting it.
Thousands of members of the Presbyterian Church of Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod today attended the 25th Service of the CE Society Kyrdem District CE. The CE Union of the Ri Bhoi Prebyterian Synod was held at the CE Society of Kyrdem Church.
It is very different because those who study abroad see, find and interact with other ethnic groups who are different from each other,” explained Kynsai.
He has been the District President of the NPP for seven years.
WKDCA won by 26 runs.
The highest and most expensive of the refined fuels is jet fuel.
“I have acted in accordance with the provisions of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act,
In 2001, the Department of Forest and Environment took over the management of the park.
Many of the MLAs, especially those in the Opposition and the Ruling Party, have prepared many questions and others to improve the Dorbar Synrai.
On this day, as a sign of respect to the benefactors and leaders of various churches who witnessed the opening of the new church, there was a ceremony to honor and honor them by the members of the church. Pohrtiang village is one of the villages of Ryndia.
Shillong, June 10: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers Meghalaya (JACATAM) will hold a strike on 12th June, 2017 from 11 am in front of the All India Radio office. , which is located near the gate of the Governor's House.
The KHADC should allow only the citizens and not the foreigners, if all the land is occupied by foreigners. Where else will the Khasi go to live? Shillong: Pamtadong village in Amlarem Sub Division of West Jaintia Hills District has been suffering from darkness without electricity for more than 7 years. the loss of a transformer in this area.
Other plants that I would like to write briefly about in this article are: Cajanus indicus, Ervum lens and Cicer arieinum. , Phaseolus radiatus , Phaseolus mungo , Phaseolus calccaratus , motor lizard (Pisumarvense); and soybeans (Soybean max).
For the second time, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has banned depositors from two banks from withdrawing money as they need it, but has imposed a strict rule. Yes Bank this time and then Punjab Maharashtra Bank (PMC) in November last year and the rule is that depositors of Yes Bank will now withdraw T.40,0 Last year, there was a rule for the PMC not to sell even 10,0
After the death of Dame, Piros was shifted to NEIGRIMS, Shillong for treatment.
There are 419 recoveries and 25 deaths, of which East Khasi Hills has 15 cases, West Jaintia Hills 6 cases, East Jaintia Hills, North Garo Hills, West Garo Hills and West Garo Hills. mar each other.
Five MDCs from the UDP (including the CEM), four from the NPP, one from the HSPDP and one from the PDF have been elected as EMs. The EMs are Teinwell (CEM), Paul Lyngdoh MDC Jaiaw, Titos W Chyne MDC Sohra, Teibor Pathaw MDC Mawlai and Jambor War MDC Mawthadraishan.
The incident happened at Weiloi village under Mawsynram Police Station.
I don't know if it's true or not but most of the time I see that those people who say 'drink tengteng' or 'drink a little' turn into daily drinkers or drink too much.
Before his death, Bah Shylla, founded the group Ka Sur U Paidbah Hynniewtrep and worked hard to bring hundreds of young people, who have been stranded outside the state, from the corona lockdown. The old man has spent a lot of money, even from his own pension, to bring the youth of the country safely to their homes.
The DC urged all the schools, colleges, various government departments in Nongstoin to participate in the cleanliness drive. Participate in this public awareness meeting for the purpose of making Nongstoin a clean and green city.
Shillong: The Fisheries Department of Meghalaya is waiting for the report of the testing of fish imported from abroad, following the spread of reports that the fish have been treated with formalin. , in order to forcefully preserve the fish to avoid rot.
The Meghalaya Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment on Tuesday visited West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai and held a meeting with the relevant departments to discuss many issues related to women and children in the district. .
“Although this money has been used for salaries, the salary that all the employees should receive is still five months away and the month of November is almost over.
Shillong: Former MLA of the 17th North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that he would like to express his heartfelt gratitude and congratulations to all the residents of the constituency who have elected him to be the President of the Constituency. as an MLA for the past five years.
They said that this puja is part of the prayer to the gods to bless them with peace and prosperity in all aspects of life. .
He said that the JAC has also demanded that Prof. PS Shukla should immediately remove the post of Campus Director appointed at Tura Campus but should appoint Prof. Shukla.
Prime Kyndait scored the first goal for Pateinki Sabah in the 11th minute.
Secretary VEC -Mr.Shaimon Suchiang
We want to encourage the village leaders to protect our forests, and the government will also provide financial support to the villagers through financial assistance.
“I urge women to respect and allow men to have this special role,” he said.
Youths living in East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills districts have to report to the District Training Centre, Jowai.
The school, which was built by the Dorbar Shnong, with the help of the parents of the village, is known as Madan Umwang UP School, which has about 60 students from Nursery to Class VII. All these 60 students were taught by only three teachers.
The street is also located near the shopkeepers on the slab.
According to the Riti Dustur, the Sordar or Rangbah Shnong or Syiem is the ruler over the heads of the people and not over the land.
On the other hand, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs is deeply saddened by the government's decision to repair the bridge at this time when the people are still busy. to come and prepare for Christmas and New Year, to go to the market and so on.
This traffic jam has affected the passengers especially the sick, pregnant women, school children, market dwellers who have not been able to reach their destination on time.
The family members of the deceased said that the doctors have explained that they will send personnel from the health department to bury the deceased today. COVID-19, but today the health officials have changed their minds, saying that the family members can also bury the body and this statement has upset not only the family members, but also the family members. to the village leaders as well.
However, Bah Ardent said the people should understand that the MLA scheme is not the money of the MLAs themselves, but it is a scheme or assistance allocated by the government for the people through the MLA and the MLA. he is only a good man.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Riatsamthiah, Shillong, has announced that it will no longer allow four wheelers or two wheelers from outside the village to park overnight on the village roads. of Riath.
local fish should be delivered to markets.
Sanbor said that if the Central Government implements the UCC in the state, it will affect the religions, customs and beliefs that have been followed since ancient times which has made the minorities of the country The Khasi, Jaintia and Garo of the state have a unique identity and to practice their own beliefs and laws and customs under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Only four of their batsmen managed to score 10 runs each, but the highest of them, Anaiush B Marak, scored only 19 runs.
He also urged the Dorbar Shnongs to involve the less members in any village activities as they too have the ability as God has given them.
The court also fined Tennydard Rs 15,000 to the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority.
There are no private enterprises, but the life of the youth in today's society has become like a ship without a ship. doesn't.
The India U-16 team arrived in Kathmandu, Nepal to prepare for the first match of the SAFF U16 Women's Championship against Bhutan on Thursday.
Amarinder Singh was speaking during a video conference with Congress leader Sonia Gandhi.
Since 2010, MeECL has had to pay this amount without any assistance from the Government although in many cases the Congress Government in power in those years has promised to assist.
Therefore, the owner of the mobile phone has asked me to put this small request to those who have found it to please return it to the owner.
A total of 121,610 people have recovered from the disease, 30,705 are still undergoing treatment and 540 have died.
The residents of Lakshadweep together with various political parties have marched to demand the protection of the small island in eastern India. Praful Khoda Patel, the head of the country.
Shillong, July 12: Ka KSU Laban Circle has strongly condemned the government for alleging that the MPDA's arrest of its members from Lawsohtun is merely a robbery and robbery just because they are members of the KSU.
Wars and earthquakes, terrible floods around the world have destroyed the progress of mankind, as if the world here is coming to an end.
A total of 16 teams have participated in this tournament.
The State Council of Science Technology (SCSTE) Meghalaya on Tuesday held a training session for students to prepare for the JEE and NEET examinations. Class XII student from Nongstoin district.
The incident happened at around 6 pm on Tuesday evening, according to police sources. The incident happened while the woman was walking on the other side of the road. Umjan village.
FIFA's suspension of India is due to the fact that there are other foreign powers that are interfering with football in the country.
Sunak also expressed his desire to visit one of the temples in India, while he is in Delhi for two days to attend the G-20 Summit, which will be held in Delhi on the 9th. and 10th of this month.
Coman, who came out later, failed to score.
In the letter, he also suggested that the protest program can be held at Student Jaiaw Square and should end within 3 pm and permission should be sought from the relevant authorities.
Santa Mary Shylla, but in her leadership as a candidate she doesn't have that relationship with us party workers, she doesn't want us to have that relationship with her. I have met her to talk to her but for some reason she doesn't want to work with us, so we have decided to leave the party. The party office bearers and members who have left the NPP Sutnga Saipung Constituency include the President of the NPP East Jaintia Hills District; Dr JW Dkhar, General Secretary, Monlang Ladong, Assistant Secretary, Kormon Bamon, President NPYF (Youth President East Jaintia Hills District), Grimlang Dkhar, Vice President, NPYF, Kmai Tangliang, General Secretary NPYF, Bah Aibor Sukhalin and 15 other members of the NPP Sutnga Saipung Constituency.
Speaking on behalf of the players, u Bah Tariang said that as players, they should have a clean spirit and mind, they should also have determination and hard work to reach the top. goal of success.
It is learned that when they arrived at the funeral home in Nongshken, at 4 pm, the owners of the house were surprised to find the wrong body and immediately searched for a vehicle carrying another body. Fortunately, they were able to talk and the body was returned to Hynniewmer.
Speaking to reporters, Bah KP Pangniang said that the cooperation of the people with the MLKA has been a great achievement, and on his part as MLA he expressed his gratitude to the Domshah Ksoin Area. The Development Committee has implemented the bridge and their hard work has been of great benefit to many churches.
Manchester United have said their revenue has dropped from 35 per cent to 21 per cent due to the policy since Trump implemented it.
The DAG's statement, therefore, shows that the management of government funds, during the Congress government 2017-18, is completely unfair and when talking about this issue, it does not mean that we will continue to There is a need to discuss this issue in these days and in the present government, because we see that the NPP and UDP governments are still running. Except for MLAs, MDCs, government employees, most of them receive their salaries once every three months and in many cases, it has been seen that there is a lack of salary. sympathy for the debts of teachers, contractors, newspapers at the end of October each year.
KSU War Jaintia Circle, HNYF Southern Riwar Circle and village leaders have marched to Tamabil, Dawki to protest against the proposed opening of a market at LCS Dawki. today.
He said that the residents of the area want BSNL to complete the tower which has been standing for three years. to complain to the authorities.
Ma Nangai SutngaIooksi WJH.The retreat of the Meghalaya Police from the temporary camp at Psiar Village to Sahsniang Village shows that the State Government has turned its back on the Assam Government.
Furthermore, the 10 best taxpayers in the District will be given special honors by giving them special places at airports, special roads, vehicle toll plazas and others. Then the highest taxpayer and the highest taxpayer, the main buildings, roads, railways, schools, hospitals and so on, shall be named after him.
Wamehi Suna scored in English-78, Khasi-91, Mathematics-94, Science & Technology-98, Social Studies-97, Health Education-9
Nongpoh, Lber 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle has recently launched a new office in Dulongnar Village.
Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.
About 10,000 jobs will be created through various Government programmes.
Chutwakhu scored 148 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 20 overs.
The UDP candidate is more quiet in his speech compared to Amazing who has also criticized even the leading NPP leaders like Prestone Tynsong and others.
DE Lynkhoi Secretary Volunteer State Fighter , Chairman VSF B Diengdoh and five other members of the VSF of the HSPDP who were imprisoned during the Hills State struggle They also said that the party under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit has forgotten about some of the issues that Ma Ieit Hoping used to call for. Para 12 A of Article 6, on the preservation of land, customs and traditions, in relation to the Khasi Jaintia State and others.
B.P.Najiar, Director Community Service, Rtn.
The Committee informed that it has appointed several elders, teachers and also from the media to be the chairman of the election.
The UDP's action against James Sangma is not new, but it has started since he became Minister of Home Affairs.
He said that the BJP's decision to close 11 bank accounts of the Congress party has been questioned by everyone, because there will be no bank accounts. The suspension of the Congress account follows a notice issued in 2017-18, where the contribution rate was 0.07%. with money, Maken said.
Shillong: Nine militants have kidnapped a coal trader from Jadi village, South Garo Hills.
She said that it is illegal to marry before that time and the law punishes such people.
This season, Lajong, who are in sixth position, have not been able to play well in the first half as they have only beaten Malki SC and Mawkhar, who are the teams with the most goals. only owner.
Therefore, the Rangbah, besides praising the 14 village leaders for the gate, also urged them to appoint people who understand to talk, for the of those people who have urgent work, because in such a time of travel restrictions and there are many people who have urgent work and who cannot afford to go to other places .
At this meeting, it was decided to provide assistance to those affected by the Land Development Scheme which is also the MGNREGA (100 days bill).
However, suddenly they learned that she had gone to follow Md. Saiful Islam to Barpeta, Assam.
The meeting of the two villages of Khanduli-Lapangap on Monday 28th July expressed their strong opposition to the Assam government's plan to build a road and a high school on the border of West Karbi Anglong, Assam and West Jaintia Hills.
The match was postponed to 35 overs due to heavy rain.
The match on the 25th of this month will be between Chilliangraij Sports Club against NSA Sports Club at 12.00 pm while Muknor Thadmuthlong Sports Club will play against Lion Sports Club at 2.00 pm. .
The DC said that there has been a Proposal Budget for the Civil Sub-Division Office 2005 but the proposal has not been submitted and a new one has been submitted.
“Thanks go to the people across the land of Hynniewtrep: women, men, youth and children as well as those who left their jobs and spent their daily wages and vehicles to support this struggle.
The second goal for Lajong came from the penalty spot after Lajong's Phrangki Buam was fouled by Wayne Vaz inside the Chirchill goal and the referee awarded a penalty to Lajong. Samuel Kynshi was surprised without doing anything.
He also stressed the need to improve agricultural products such as encouraging farmers to plant agar, sohtrun as these have medicinal properties according to scientific research and will be of great benefit to the farmers. and even to the young men to take up gainful agriculture.
The governor of Wyoming filed a complaint against the corruption and brought it before the House of Representatives, which led to a famous investigation in the history of the United States.
Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to demand the construction of a statue of Tirot. Sing out the office of the branch.
The meeting was attended by MDC Mitchel Wankhar, Rangbah Shnong of Lawsohtun, Haribert Rynjah, Village Authority, farmers, elders. Hundreds of people, women, youth and residents of the village have gathered to witness this memorable day.
“I received phone calls almost every day while I was in Darjeeling.
He has two children from his first wife, Reena, one child from Kiran Rao and is now looking for a third wife.
There are now 10,000 others who have been forced to stay away after the incident and they are from the 31st battalion, which is based in east Delhi's Mayur Vihar.
Shillong: There have been 489 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 632 cases of recovery and 7 deaths.
Whatever happens to the winning candidates (whether you agree or disagree), that is the decision that you the people must accept.
The rule will not apply to small houses with an area of ​​less than 600 square yards.
Among the retired police chief, four other government employees have been arrested by the police.
Indeed, there are always cases where the Central Government has politicized the schemes and that is the low value of the Central Government leaders who no longer respect the Constitution and laws.
Langsning replaced two players, Donlad Diengdoh and Lancine Toure in place of Sameer Pradhan and Ryoga Katsurashima.
Regarding the meeting with the SDO, Kong N.Dhar, said that the reason for the anger of the people and especially the women, is after the village has been experiencing boarding shortage. According to her, in the 10 months of last year, MeCEL had installed a transformer in the village, but after a while it broke down and It was on that basis that the women of the village were angry.
It is also sad that we remember and celebrate only two battles against the British Government, the Nongkhlaw War of 1829-1830 and the Synteng War of 1861-1862, while we forget the others. de struggles against the Foreign Government or other discussions which have shaped the rule of law in Hynniewtrep since before the independence of India.
According to the findings today, it is a dangerous situation for the people because even the smell is too much and it cannot be tolerated how much more for those people who use it to drink food. eat the water that flows from these places.
Besides, in recent years, the implementation of all the radio stations in the state through medium wave has not been clear.
It was witnessed that the roads from 7mer road to Umshyrpi as well as in the IGP Point area, and in the Polo area were cleaned and cleaned and the nightly cleaning of the wells for the visit of Modi. .
One of the most affected areas is the women and children, who will lose out on the Supplementary Nutrition Program through the ICDS of the Social Welfare Department.
This only shows that Khasi women want to be rich, want to be rich, want to be rich, want to control men.
According to reports, China is one of the countries in the world that dumps the most waste into the ocean.
Charilie said the party will submit a petition to the Chief Minister regarding the illegal expenditure of coke factories.
“The Narendra Modi government takes better care of the rich companies, while it doesn't push the poor,” he said.
We went to meet in the office sometimes.
Only the Chairman was elected while the Secretary and Executive Members were elected by the same, except for two members. Pyngrope as Secretary of Water Supply & Sanitation.
“I don't want to show my work because Meghalaya is now too late.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : The Dorbar Shnong Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills District has demanded that the state government should immediately remove the Forest Beat House of Assam from the village and also to set up a police outpost to protect the village. The residents of the village on the border with Assam.
Sangita Marak was the winner out of 500 women from all over India.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : The NPP Leader and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday said that the former Mawsynram MLA and BJP leader in the state has been arrested. He said he wants to join the NPP before the Lok Sabha elections next year.
Although the Dorbar Shnong has issued a notice on 17th July 2020 that no tourists are allowed to visit Mawphanlur, there are still many days left. I don't know what to do in these days.
The railway project was approved in 199-93 but was delayed in completion due to land acquisition problems.
On the 5th of July 2023, there will be thunderstorms and heavy rainfall and this will continue until the 8th of July
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has expressed its desire to contest the Assembly elections in Arunachal Pradesh next year. Assembly constituency, as well as Lok Sabha constituency.
This goal lasted until the end of the first half which gave WJH Police XI the title.
Referring to the TMC, Bajop Pyngrope said that in his opinion, the All India Trinamool Congress or TMC under the leadership of Mamata Banerjee, Chief Minister of West Bengal, is the party. Bengal will become the leading political party in the eastern part of India or else it will lead the United Opposition as Prime Minister. of Baneerjee's mother.
Referring to the resolution against the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), the CEM said that there will be a meeting to prepare the parts to be included in the resolution on the 30th of this month. persons who know the law for submission to the National Law Commission.
Nongpoh: Taking note of the complaint of the residents of Byrnihat area, who have expressed their opposition to the garbage dump along the NH-6 in Byrnihat, the Jirang Constituency today, They included Sosthenes Sohtun, Victor Ranee MDC, M Tongper ADC Ri Bhoi and many village leaders from Byrnihat.
However, it was after the arrival of Punit Singh Bisht, one of the players who came to help the team, that the match became more interesting as he scored 51 runs from 23 balls.
Political parties should respect the people who elect their leaders.
From Lad Dukan the road continues to Saitsohpen, Mawpun, Rtiang, Nongthymmai and Mawsmai. The area is spacious and open and flat. and not rymphum in the time of rain.
Especially to the drug users who destroy the society,” said Bah Sanbor.
Shortly after, these officials handed over the post to the Director who is on leave.
Where is the right? It is against these discrimination that we have to fight so that it will be stable and so that others will not suffer the same fate as other youths have suffered.
The Government has a responsibility for the job seekers and cannot just look with their eyes or listen.
It is to be recalled that Bah Dhar also promised to donate 50 lakh tyngka to the WJDSA for the purpose of holding the Open to all Football tournament in the name of his father, (L) K. .Pala who has just died.
Malik said that recently he had spoken on the issue of farmers protesting against the repealed Farmers Act and now he has spoken on the issue of the youth and the problems they face.
Another part of the protest was that the BJP Mahila Morcha has been taking part in the rally since yesterday.
However, he said that there has been no clarification from the Government of India regarding the reasons for the delay in including these two languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule. Constitution of the Country.
The KSU also met with the Waheh Shnong of Ratacherra and former MDC of Narpuh, Desous Pohshna.
Andy Taro won the gold medal in the 45kg 14-15 category and Monica Nongrum won the gold medal in the 67 KG 14-40 category. Ineshabahun Dkhar won the silver medal in the 48 kg Over 24-40 category, Banrilang Ingty won the bronze medal in the 54 Kg Over 24-40 category, Isabella Thongni won the bronze medal in the 54 kg Over 24-40 category. Ibakmen Nongrum won the bronze medal in the -54 kg U-23 category, Breeze Ingti won the silver medal in the -54 kg category 13 years. Mindalin Makri won the bronze medal in the -57 kg category, Dameshwa Marten won the gold medal in the category -48 kg and Ebilities Diengdoh won the gold medal in the category -5 Jeky Jana won the bronze medal in the -45 kg U-23 category, Alfred Watklet Riahtam won the bronze medal in the -45 kg category over 23-40 years old. Pynkhrawbor Shylla won the silver medal in the -45 kg U-23 category, Alfonsa Zinia Wriang won the silver medal in the U-23 category and Edilbert Iaraplang won the silver medal in the U-23 category. Ujal R Marak won the bronze medal in the U-23 category, Daniewkor Mynsong won the gold medal in the U-23 category -42kg. Pynnehbor Mylliemngap won the gold medal in the 48 Kg over 23-40 years old category, Jessica Thabah won the gold medal in the 60 Kg U-23 category, Bansahnam Kyrpang Warkhyllew won the silver medal in the U-23 category. Shailesstar Mylliem won the silver medal in the 54 kg category under 23 years old, Naphilawanbet Nongspung won the silver medal in the category -48 kg 14-15 years old. Teiboklang Marbaniang won the bronze medal in the -45 kg category under 23 years, Calfari Warkhyllew won the bronze medal in the -51 kg category. Brockstar Papang won the bronze medal in the -75 kg category under 23 years, Rohan Ram Rajak won the silver medal in the -54 kg category over 23-40 years. Jenifer Mukhim won the gold medal in the -54kg category 16-17 years, Evakordor R Nongrum won the silver medal in the -45kg category 14-15 years. Annette Netanya Carla Suiam won the bronze medal in the -34kg category 10-11 years, Maya Sweety Marboh won the bronze medal in the -48kg category 16-17 years. -51kg 14-15 years old, Dority Umsong won the bronze medal in the -42kg 12-13 years old, Na I sha Kshiar won the silver medal in the -38kg 13-14 years old, Arbabet L Nongbri won the silver medal in the -38kg 13-14 years old category. Bryansing Marboh won the bronze medal in the -54kg 13-14 years old category, Marky Nongrum won the silver medal in the -48kg category 14-15 years old. Williamson Yawrod won the silver medal in the -42kg category 14-15 years, Blansing Kurbah won the bronze medal in the -60 kg category over 23-40 years, Comford L Mawlong won the medal. Wadborlang Marwein won the silver medal in the 48 kg category over 24-40 years, Johnronald Sangriang won the silver medal in the -51 kg category Under 23 years old, Ebrest Lyngdoh won the bronze medal in the -48 kg 16-17 years old category and Rufolf Lyngdoh won the bronze medal in the -37 kg 11-12 years old category.
“We are deeply saddened by the treatment of the farmers by the Government of Meghalaya and the BJYM will not hesitate to demand that the farmers should get their rights and if the Government of Meghalaya does not do this soon. “The BJYM will not hesitate to take other measures to fight for the rights of the farmers,” said BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang in a statement.
Of these four, some of them said that the government's allocation of T.25 lakh to each MLA, for the purpose of helping those families in need, has not been enough. at all, because there are many poor families, who have found it difficult not only to get food grains, but still have many other household needs.
In addition, the song HER gives advice on being aware of these events and freedom, in which it makes the listeners not to believe while others lead them.
If such activities continue to spread in the homes, it means that the nation will be in great danger and bad things will happen later, therefore I urge you leaders and members of the CoRP, to you shall take care of this matter, that the inheritance of the nation may be good.
Shillong: The Working President of the Meghalaya Indigenous People's Front (MIPF) today said that the shortages in the Ri Bhoi District are especially in the border areas with Assam where there will be no It can be said that the people are still facing problems from time to time.
He urged the people to take care of this market and take it as their market.
He said that Meghalaya has many intelligent MLAs but in this regard they have not said or believed anything. to come out and speak on this issue for the sake of the safety and security of the people of the State.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday said that the Inner Line Permit and the Entry and Exit Gate are necessary for Meghalaya.
Angelina Marak, Headmistress, Bah Jedwin Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Pahamsyiem and other dignitaries, teachers and students.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Ronnie said that whatever is done should be long-term thinking, not just for temporary benefits which can affect later.
He said that compared to the figure in 2009, only one suspect has died from terrorist attacks and there have been no losses on the part of the police.
Prem obeyed and first took her to the place and house where she was born.
However, to come forward and train yourself in this training scheme.
The Dorbar Shnong has laid down these rules to prevent the entry and exit of people into the village during this time of COVID-19 until further notice.
As a player, Eugene was also one of the team's best players in winning the 2015 SAFF Cup and the 2017 Hero Tri Nation Series.
The order will be effective from 4 pm on June 25, 2023 until the end of the election.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to arrive in Shillong on the 27th and 28th of this month.
The VDP and the Village Authority of Madankynsaw after finding some children drinking kynja have arrested them and according to the testimony of these children it has been found that many children have been enslaved and addicted to alcohol. dendrites.
The cycle race was inaugurated by Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA as the chief guest.
Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Sports, on Tuesday inaugurated the two grounds including the Athletic Ground and the Football Ground. It is located at the end of the Sports Authority of India.
According to Bah Sanbor, this monthly allowance is too low and he urged the Prime Minister to increase it from T.500 to T.2000 per month to better help the poor and needy.
Earlier, various groups had held a rally by vehicle from the scene.
However, Minister Kiren said that the families affected by the floods should receive assistance from the state government.
The meeting with the family was agreeable and so she started working only during the day.
Mukul's remarks refer to Congress MLAs who want to leave for other parties.
He hoped that with the amendments to the Sixth Schedule, they would once again bring about comprehensive protection on many aspects of the identity of the minority.
The BJP leader said that the investigation is ongoing and he does not want to comment.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar has conducted an inspection on the construction of roads in the village and has been filled with complaints against the contractors who have left half the work which has put them back in trouble. I would like to thank the residents and the people who pass through Mawkhar Road.
At about 5.30 PM on the polling day, Bah Deng Shylla asked me to collect three flags – the flags of APHLC, HSPDP and PDIC. It is more difficult to get the APHLC flag because they don't want it because I am a party of 'Sing'
The Coaching Camp ended with a performance of music and dancing by the children who will participate in the Meghalaya Games to be held in July,
It is learned that the Enforcement did not dare to touch the woman and because she is a woman, this action of Prodipta prompted the Enforcement to lodge a complaint with the Laban PS and later. Laban Police together with female police arrived at the scene and seized the outside of the shop and the KHADC police closed down the shop.
The provision of wifi internet in Higher Secondary Schools in the State is ongoing and T.25.50 crore has been allocated for the year 2015-1
“I don't know exactly, but the officers have said soon and informed that in a few days or a few months the scholarship release of the students will start,” said Conrad.
Kamrup Police have released photographs of their doctors along with PPE kits and this photograph has spread widely.
NESO includes the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), the All Assam Students' Union (AASU), the Naga Students' Federation (NSF), the Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), the Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), the All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU).
Before starting this job, she said that she had done many jobs such as farming, working in the slasha fields and others.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Presbyterian Center Village, New Jirang, Mynnar Presbytery, is the first church in the Western Synod, Ri Bhoi District, to establish a long-term training program. such as Child Development Center (CDC) or schools to teach poor children to acquire education and especially morality and knowledge of God.
Dr Mukul said the government has filed many affidavits to the NGT and the Supreme Court during the years before the ban on coal mining. that in the state is quite different from other states in the country.
In Group B, Rangdajied United beat Youth Club Pdengkarong 3-2 and Langsning beat Jyntru 4-0 in Group A. Shillong Lajong FC have one game left while Seven United have already completed their games with two wins and 100,000 draws.
In the first list of candidates, the NPP has announced the names of two MLAs, James K Sangma from Dadengre constituency and Nihim D Shira from Songsak.
They were able to identify these people and searched the three planes.
Lyer is another great need for man or animal, in any place where there is no lyer, that person or animal will die after a while, even if they can get – eat, drink and dress properly.
Germany, Japan, Chile and the Czech Republic will play from Pool A. India will start their tour against the United States on 13th July, followed by a match against New Zealand on 13th July. 14th, and the final against Italy is the last match from Pool B on the 16th.
Therefore, it is not appropriate to compare the Sixth Schedule with Article 371 A or 371 G, that is, the Sixth Schedule is better and more beneficial than Article 371 (A & G) especially for the Hynniewtrep people. We who have cherished our uniqueness as a Tip Kur Tip Kha Jaidbynriew which has distinguished us from all other nations on earth.
Shillong, November 09: The leader of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), Nikam Ch Momin, has surrendered to the police in Garo Hills today.
A complaint was also lodged with the DC, West Jaintia Hills, that the Home Guard Police, who guard the Wah Umngot Bridge, have allowed heavy trucks to pass through the bridge. Only small trucks, such as Tatamobiles or Tata 207s, should be allowed to drive.
In the second half, Jamshedpur FC, although they played away from home, used their strength and skills to score and release the ball from the East Bengal players who fought hard to stop them. try ththe goal.
Shillong, November 16: The Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong in collaboration with the Women's Welfare Organization and the Mawkhar Youth Organization will hold a cleanliness drive on the 21st November from 7 pm.
After a thorough investigation, the district has handed over the suspects to Mawlai Police Station for further investigation. bar state from the place where they come.
The residents of the border area with Bangladesh, have been living in fear in these days after the robbers from Bangladesh have attacked even in the morning.
Police have arrested the owner of the house, Tura MDC and BJP Vice President Bernard N Marak, along with 73 others. to the awria.
Being profitable will motivate many to work together to bring the business to fruition.
The supporters of the party are requested to stay with the new PBCC to see the changes.
In a petition to the Prime Minister, the 40 MLAs, most of whom are meitei, said that the demand of the Kuki for their own rule is unacceptable. .
However, Meghalaya did not lose heart with the arrival of two other batsmen, Raghav Kapur and Amankumar who scored 58 runs.
In this regard, an arshaka in which Amritpal fled from the Gurdwara of Nangal Ambian village after changing his clothes was seized.
Nongstoiñ, March 13: The day laborers of MeECL Nongstoiñ, under the banner of the MeECL Progressive Workers Union, today marched in front of the office. They also carried placards to show their protest and also to reject the agreement, which was issued by the department for the casual workers.
On the morning of 30th March 2019, the Seng, under the leadership of the President of Upper Shillong Circle, Samla Shngain Sohkhlet, immediately went to the scene to inquire about the documents of these foreigners.
“Therefore, I request the Prime Minister to please consider this issue and ensure that our State will also abolish personal interviews, to ensure that there will be no favoritism in recruitment. nepotism,” said Bah Sungoh.
Your work has been rewarded.
Lyngdoh also alleged that the two polling booths, Mathew Nongrem and Diostar Jyndiang, have agreed to remove the office bearers and members of the 32 polling booths appointed by Dimandar. All the office bearers and members of these 32 polling booth committees have decided to leave and now they have divided their own. and the party was also completely destroyed.
When trying to find out, Shynnam has blocked the high level of Khaii Mooiong Tuh but they want to drive their trucks kit Mooiong to protect the kiwi fruit. The high level of the tip is the low level of the tip.
Prof.C.Daniala, Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS, said that such inter-departmental collaboration (called Multidisciplinary approach) is the key to successful treatment of cancer.
The Khasi Students' Union Jaintia Hills District Unit and Ksan Rngiew FC will fight for the title of the tournament. The KSU will also lay a wreath at the memorial of Bah Bull N. Lyngdoh at Malki at 10 pm.
He was speaking after the Parliamentary Party of the party in an emergency meeting chaired by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, sent a letter to the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. The party should not punish Bah Malngiang.
It is learned that there were about 6 or 7 robbers, because at the time they tried to kidnap the Sordar, some of them, entered the house and some of them waited outside without entering. home.
The meeting was led by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit.
They urged the Regional Committee on Border Dispute to expedite the process so that the people will not remain in the dark whether they should be deported to Assam or included in Meghalaya. -line spirit.
Shillong, March 28: The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) on Thursday arrested four drug traffickers from Umshyrpi Bridge under Jhalupara Out Post, Shillong.
Thus, the Creator has created this environment with love and it is up to us human beings to be like those good stewards to take care of this environment with great love and responsibility.
For this reason, experts said, the pension budget allocated from 19 per cent in 2012-13 has increased sharply to 26 per cent in 2019-2
Shillong, Naitung, 30: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government will complete the provision of electricity to all the villages in the state as it has set a target.
Gavin said the government will set up a special committee and this committee will discuss and hope that this committee will be able to bring about the best for the people of state.
The Lapangap Dorbar Shnong has demanded to suspend the construction of the road from Tahpat to Khanduli through Lapangap Village until the district authorities of these two districts and the government sign a soskular not to demolish the road. Construction of road from Khanduli to Lapangap.
There were also those who phoned that they have been waiting all day for the ATMs in Pynrusla to open to withdraw money, but they said that all day until tonight both the ATMs – the ATM of SBI and HDFC Bank did not open at all and this angered the people who waited all day.
On the departure of Teiliia from the HSPDP, KP Pangniang said he has no feelings and nothing to blame as it is a matter that has already been known.
Since the 26th I have not been able to phone her because of the busy schedule but suddenly the authorities of the school informed me on the 27th that Walinda is in critical condition and they should come immediately. “It was learned that the child had drunk bih and sdien phasi,” said the father.
I just don’t know that because I don’t know anything about Hindu scriptures.
The remaining areas of the state will be completed in the coming days.
He too, on the altar of his god, sacrifices a human being, as some did in ancient times to the god Moloch, and offers human blood as some do today to Thlen.
The Minister in charge of Agriculture, Meghalaya, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh explained about the Aatmanirbhar Bharat activities of the state.
The kidnappers identified themselves as members of Udoy Asom, a group that has broken away from the ULFA.
You don't need to be afraid.
This was announced by the Chief Minister in the presence of the Spokesperson of the King of Israel, Ron Malka.
It is learned that the robbers after gaining entry tried to break into the safe by digging a hole, but due to the strength of the safe, which was made of metal, the robbers could not. faithful to do as they intended.
Regarding the launch of the TMC scheme to provide special assistance to women known as the WE Card, which will provide special assistance of 1000 tyngka per month to women and the MYE Card which will provide special assistance of 1000 tyngka to women. Prestone Tynsong, u Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the mothers should be given only 1000 tyngka per month. The people should not be fooled into falling into the trap of other parties with only 1000 tyngka per month, which is a mere promise.
In the second leg, Mynsngat beat Thadmynri 4-3 in the tie breaker.
The 21st Open Badminton Championship 2024 will be held from 3rd to 8th July at the Seinraij Indoor Hall in Tpeppale, Jowai.
"Adequate representation in the context of equality does not mean equal numbers, but equal percentage, because representation means to lead. to the people.
So far, the government has decided to build a new Legislative Assembly building in Shillong Thymmai on an area of ​​80 acres.
"There are those who say that the ethnic parties end only in Khanapara, but remember that without the ethnic parties the state would not be like this, without them we don't know what will happen to our state," he said.
In the 3rd Division, Wilfred Nongsiang of Tiehsyniangoin was named top scorer, Mark Richard of Dommawlien was named the best goalkeeper and Shaikupar Sangriang was named the best goalkeeper. Rispoljohn Dkhar of Mawthaw won the Best Player title.
As part of this programme, the BSF has taken the opportunity to strengthen its commitment to a clean India by conducting various cleanliness programs through the participation of strongly supported by its members and residents alike.
The woman was admitted to the Holy Cross Hospital in Mairang.
He said that Jesus did only good deeds and mercy in this world until he went to heaven to sit on the throne with his Father and give life to us people in the whole world.
When we turn to the news or television, we often don't hear those voices that encourage or talk about peace or the good in society, but we hear and see only the acts of violence, the violence, drug abuse and other crimes.
To call someone a fanatic means that they are fanatical or religiously inclined with the intention of forcing someone to accept the religion or belief of those who are fanatics.
Rani said that if the government does not call for talks and delays, the Sengbhalang will not hesitate to hold a protest to force the government to call for talks.
“The President of the UDP has made it clear that he will not give me a ticket, but I have decided to go ahead, but I cannot say whether I will join any party or not. I will contest as an independent candidate, but I have gone to Nongkrem Constituency, whether they give me ticket or not, because I can no longer insult the people and those who work with me”.
New future: coal mining auction: Prime Minister Duh inaugurated the coal mining auction in
The sudden death of Walinda Binong has shocked the family, the community and all the loved ones, who are still in darkness. like a dream of a mother and a father and a sister.
“It is time for the state government to respect the opinion and decision of the High Level Committee on Influx (HLCI) set up by itself to implement the ILP. “He said that according to information received, 13 youths have joined Samla Kharmawphlang in the HNLC. Khyriem warned the government to stop the delay in the implementation of the ILP. strongly to the feelings of the people.
The allegation of electricity theft by these illegal residents in the area was discovered after an inspection by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on 25th June regarding the presence of illegal residents in the area. of the SCB, after receiving many complaints from the public.
There has been talk from the people that this government is completely different from the UPA government where its ministers used to visit the state once and when they came, they stayed only in Shillong. In the old UPA government, Union Ministers used to come to the state only to campaign for elections and to speak to their parties and not to inspect the progress of schemes but in the present government, the behavior of the ministers of the NDA government has changed. The BJP has made a lot of allegations as shown in its Vision Document released for the Delhi elections but the closeness and visits of the ministers to the region have shown a different picture to the people of the region. to your love.
On the part of the family, Mrs. Salemfort Khonglah, wife of Prof. Sten, donated Rs.1 Lakh to the President of the Kur Sten for the purpose of improving the Award in the name of Prof. Sten. u Father of the house.
The reason is that in any type of employment examination, questions in mathematics and science are always available.
Under this scheme, the Government of India bears all the costs of treatment up to T.5 lakh for 60 crore people.
Speaking to reporters, she said that such assistance is useful, because of the lack of food, some of those who have ration get food, some of those who have money buy food from the market, but there are many. those who are employed and because of the lack of employment they suffer; but if there be such as these that come forth to rap, it shall not be of much help.
Sangma said that last year an investigation was conducted and it was found that the traffic jam was not too much.
Thus Jesus foresaw the time when Satan (Lucifer) would be cast down to this earth. The time of his fall would be as swift as lightning.
There are 63 polling stations in 1-Nartiang, 57 polling stations in 2-Jowai and 55 polling stations in 3-Raliang and 4-Mowkaiaw.
Shillong, March 14 : Union Minister Anurag Thakur on Tuesday launched the trailer of KTB-Bharat Hain Hum, a two-season series produced by the Central Bureau of Communication. , Information and Broadcasting and Graphiti Studios.
Sriprasa, the Agent to the Crown Representative (who was also the Governor of Assam) was also present.
Smti Sylvi Passah was selected for the Tirot Singh Award in the field of literature, Skylance G Momin for the Pa Togan Sangma Award in the field of Social Affairs and Wansuk Myrthong for the Social Award. She was awarded the Kiang Nangbah Award for her achievements in sports.
The ban on import of fish has seen the fish farm in Ïewduh which is the main hub for the import and export of fish to other parts of the Khasi Hills.
According to the syllabus prepared by NERT, the Education Department, the marks for these subjects are History = 23 marks, Civics = 17 marks, Economics = 17 marks and Geography = 23 marks.
A bomb planted near Colombo airport was defused early this morning, the report said.
“The elders came to me and said that they cannot keep me in the church because the church also falls under the NPR,” she said. village and village under government,” she said.
According to Mansturdy, Jansing said he had just supported the PDF but he was still a Congress MDC, but this could not happen.
Where is the trining I want to go with?
It is not common for these Corporations and Boards to hold meetings and even if they do, they sit only to get sitting allowance if they have.
However, MP Bah Pala has said that in East Jaintia Hills he will not oppose the railway.
There is something in poetry that surpasses all other things, like the music, the song, the song.
Earlier, the elders of the Seng Khasi raised the flag of the Seng Khasi.
He explained that the synsar should weigh 250 grams and per 10 kilos of synsar up to 4 synsar can be harvested at the price according to their own price.
The JAC has requested the truck owners and drivers to support this strike.
Under section 52, the punishment for those who commit falsehood is imprisonment for up to two years with a fine.
The fighting in the past four days has continued without a break and Israeli troops have launched heavy shelling in parts of Gaza, killing 100 people, including dozens. the public.
Police said that during the patrolling, she started getting to know Thasrana, because he used to come to the court to be tried and so, when Thasrana, was released from jail, they got married. Now.
The newspaper also said that the ADC elections to be held in June could be delayed if the government decides to hold elections in new constituencies.
The event also showcases the skills of the participants in terms of skating speed and more.
After the completion of the programmes, CII Project Kaksha has donated about 1000 books to the school authorities for the purpose of placing in the school libraries for the children to read.
The Ri Khasi Jaintia is a country that God has created specially on this earth. God has created it beautifully and has provided it from all sides.
Osea Island, owned by Miloco Studios, is a quiet and hidden place for musicians and musicians. a day, because there is a motion of the sea water, which must be crossed.
The BJP has recently formed a group of political parties to fight against the Congress in the North East and the group is known as the North East Democratic Alliance (NDA). There are three parties in the state, the UDP, the BJP and the NPP. The meeting with Bah Adelbert was on this basis to ask whether KHNAM also has the intention to have a party. Whether KHNAM intends to be in the same group of ethnic parties to work together in the 2018 elections.
The match in the second half became more interesting after both sides struggled to score.
Shadap said that after receiving the threat, he tried to call him back but he didn't answer the phone. When I called him on other numbers, he said: I asked who you are and he introduced himself as Lucas Rymbai from Ladrymbai but he is in Delhi for his studies.
Two persons from Sikkim, Phurba Lachenpa and Novin Gurung, three persons from Mizoram, Samuel Lalmuanpuia, F.K.
Therefore, regarding the lack of Nala, the union urges the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, to take action to call the heads of NHAI, so that they can improve these Nala. He added that the stagnation of these Nala has caused problems to the people and especially at this time when the Lyiur season is approaching.
After this meeting, the VPP elected the full office bearers of the party for the 7-Amlarem Constituency. – Rijied Lamin and other office bearers.
Besides these other Christian denominations, there are many others which came later which I do not need to mention.
On behalf of CoMSO (CoHSO and AGHJAC) we would like to clarify that the group demands the Inner Line Permit System (ILP) throughout Meghalaya to curb illegal entry and illegal immigration. lighting in the state of Meghalaya.
FC Pahnai (8') and Lalpekhlua Jongte (14') scored for Mizoram while Fahad Temuri scored for Delhi.
Besides, it is also a source of assistance to the villagers who need chairs, tables and especially coffins in an emergency.
“Who benefits from the roster system, the party that wins only 4 constituencies (VPP) or the party that wins 18 constituencies (NPP), the roster system is one of the election agendas in the whole. Meghalaya, so one party (NPP) which leads one ethnic group (Garo), has won many victories in another Garo Hills”.
On the other hand, the linemen of MeECl in charge of these areas are struggling as much as possible to provide electricity to the people but they cannot do anything because the equipment they have to use is outdated. This has caused problems because as soon as it rains, the electricity is lost.
“I have already written to the party in Delhi regarding the MP and MDC elections but they have not responded yet.
Shillong: The Congress party today met with the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to continue to file a complaint against two MLAs, Bah Charles Pyngrope and Bah Charles Pyngrope. Shitlang Pale, two of the 12 MLAs who have resigned to join the AITC. It is worth mentioning that the Congress party on 29th November, lodged a complaint before the AITC. Speaking to media, the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) leader said that the visit today to meet with the 10 MLAs who have joined the AITC. The aim of the House is to resolve the complaint against two out of the 12 MLAs who have left the Congress party to join the AITC. “It is an explanation to the people that this party split and the defection of the 12 MLAs to the Congress should not be ignored,” she said.
If they listen to this decision, there will be more strictness in the coming days for the media to fulfill their duty,” said Muralidharan while speaking at a seminar on “Freedom of Speech and Rights”. to tip: Media in times of crisis" organized by the Thma U RangliJuki (TUR) and the Shillong Press Club (SPC) today in Shillong.
On the Lord's Day, there will be a Christian service in the afternoon and a Mass by the Father of the Church, Rev. Wilfred Kharpuri.
“Singh said at MENA Climate Week that personal initiatives and sustainable lifestyle decisions are essential to achieve the goal of sustainable energy transformation.
There have been 684 deaths from the coronavirus in the country, bringing the total number of deaths to 3,6
In a statement, Richard Marak said that they were arrested in connection with the Kisaan Satyagraha against the bill introduced by the BJP government under the leadership of Narendra Modi. farmers.
“As an organization that looks after the welfare of the people, we cannot even close the tollgate at Lumshnong because it is useless to collect money from the people, while the road has not been improved,” he said. to Streamly.
On this occasion, a discussion was held on the topic “The Duty of the Media to Serve the People.
She said that it is not easy to be a leader, but she promised to work hard to bring about change in the area through development projects.
“We will not change this order.
In the second half, Mawsadang FC scored the first goal of the match and Madan Mawser SC scored the next goal.
Do the BJP leaders want to come to Meghalaya and say that Meghalaya will be ruled by the people of Meghalaya and not by those from Delhi or Guwahati?
He said that this collusion between the government and the contractors has caused the state to lose billions of rupees.
“After checking the videos recorded by the CCTV cameras installed in the ground floor of the church, we were able to identify the robbers involved in the incident. “We conducted a search operation and arrested three persons along with two children,” said the SP.
The SBI ATM has been closed for four days.
This type of food is rich in vitamin A, vitamin C, calcium, iron, zinc and other nutrients that can prevent blood clots and improve blood vessel health.
“Women now want to divorce their husbands for minor reasons, but this woman from Barigarh in Bhopal, complains that her husband doesn't sum properly and when she orders him to sum, he covers himself with “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Shail Awasthi, who is in charge of the divorce case at the Bhopal court.
Conrad Sangma is afraid that he will lose the election against Bernard...Of all the governments, the MDA is the most powerful government.
They said that they used to ask their parents for money to buy drugs and lie that they were going to buy medicine.
The protest was organized by the Zoning Organization at Zowkhatar and Vaphai village in Champai district of Mizoram state, on the border between India and Myanmar.
“In the last two years, these schemes have been implemented.
He said that if it is necessary to amend the Act, it will be brought back to the House but the urgent need is to approve these provisions under the Act.
The first goal came from a freekick shot by captain Kitboklang Pale.
" The sons of Niakha were revealed.
Hek acknowledged that the government is facing a shortage of doctors and said the government will create mechanisms to ensure that the students who go abroad should not be lost after graduation. but they shall return to serve the people of the state.
Amazing said that although he is a supporter of the UDP, he is ready to urge the people of Khasi Jaintia to overthrow the government.
Speaking to media after the meeting at Mawmaram, Bah Hambert Thangkhiew, new General Secretary of the Congress Sohiong said, “When it comes to the people, we know better and this is what makes us gather together. for they were left without a leader.
Regarding the Primary Health Care (PHC) Centres, the Minister said that the allocation has increased from T.1,80,0000 in 2022 to T.2,60,0000 this year.
My father said, “You don't have to count 0 because it has no value”.
Don't call the High Court or the Govt Lawyer.
The match will be played between Mawkriah West SC and Mawkasiang SC at 2 pm.
We cannot forget the Premier of Assam Bordolloi, Gopalaswamy Ayyenger from Delhi and the border people who suffered during the Independence.
Others who attended the ceremony included Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Jowai MLA Walidmiki Shylla, JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat, MDCs, Garod Deputy Commissioner LSN Dykes, IAS; the Dolloi, the Wasan, and other elders.
The union leaders have also tried to get clarification from the employee of the factory known as Das, but they have not met him at all. Batlakular was sent to another factory in Raja Bagan while Das was sent to Guwahati.
Guwahati: U Debabrata Saikia, Leader of the Opposition in Assam, has admitted that there are many Assamese living on the border with Mizoram who are suffering these days.
However, by the time they reached the scene, the residents of Borato had already destroyed Maitdein.
This village is about 20 km from Mawkyrwat which is the Head Quarter of the District.
Some of the daju had already bought their clothes, and some of them were against wearing the clothes of the Syiem of Mylliem, because they said that it was too expensive, and there was a collection of They also lodged a complaint with the HYC, which later went to talk to the Ministers of the Hima Mylliem.
Silda Micresha Marbaniang of WKHDCA scored 105 runs while Abiezer Kharsyiemlieh took five wickets and won the player of the match award.
The Bhutan Football Federation (BFA) has requested FIFA to hold a friendly match for the U-17 girls on the occasion of Meghalaya's Independence Day.
If you have a pre-paid meter, you will have a Pilfer device that will protect you from theft.
They don't want to stay overnight for months in Delhi just to meet Amit Shah just to remind the people of Meghalaya to show that they really care about the ILP issue and the introduction of the Khasi language in the list. 8th Schedule as passed by the Assembly and many other important issues affecting the life and death of our country and nation.
In a letter sent by the KSU Narpuh Circle signed by the President, Bah KS Suchiang and the General Secretary, Samla S. Bamon, the KSU Narpuh Circle urged the Doloi of Narpuh Circle, Doloi Manbha “How many cement factories in our area have not complied with the environmental regulations or the Environment Protection Act, not a single factory that has been in existence does not have ETP and STP. Regarding the environmental degradation, the union said that if more factories are allowed to come to the area, it will cause more damage to the environment. Damage to water, streams, wells will turn into bih like the Lunar and Lukha rivers, forests will become destroyed, people especially children, elderly people will breathe in the wind pum pum , this would pose a threat to the health of the local population.
In the petition, the union demanded that the PWD (Roads) department should immediately repair or improve this road to facilitate the traffic of the people who use this road.
The Seng does not agree that such festivals should be held in the area, because such festivals have been followed from what has been done in the West, but in Khasi Hills it does not agree. for they will increase in evil and gradually affect the families and the society as a whole.
They are the ones who live not only from the peace of mind but also from the peace of the night.
They come to the office only on the day of receipt of salary, while they work all night for six months.
Referring to Sonia Gandhi's letter to the Prime Minister in 2016, 2017 to urge the Government to pass the Bill, she said that even after these letters, nothing has been done. nothing happened until the end of these 9 and a half years.
He said nine applications have been received from East Khasi Hills alone for the setting up of main Anganwadi Centers and 27 for mini Anganwadi Centres.
“In fact, he should have been sworn in as Prime Minister but how could he lose that opportunity.
Regarding this incident and the request of the party, Bah Swer said that he will send this letter to Bah HK Thabah ADC, as the highest authority belongs to Bah Thabah.
Is it possible to use the same scale for deficit and govt teachers? Why doesn't the government look after the welfare of the deficit teachers when even the salary is sent once every 3 months?
On the night of the shooting death, on the night of the 12th of this month, which is Sunday at about 10 pm, which is also a very hot night, our son was still entering the house. My sister who lives near my house, my husband (Bah Romeo Lyngdoh) was waiting on the balcony to see him come home, but at that time I heard someone calling “Bahlieh bahlieh "At that time, I heard a gunshot and my husband fell on the balcony with a heavy bleeding," said the statement.
A shop in Mookyrdup was also robbed.
The tournament was inaugurated by Ram Singh, Deputy Commissioner, West Garo Hills District while Jasper P Marak, Assistant Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, retired. .
That is, from education, unemployment, government jobs and factory jobs, because hundreds of thousands of educated, qualified people have no hope because of the darkness. their future.
“Out of the 36 villages acquired by Meghalaya in 2011, 30 will remain with Meghalaya while 6 will go to the Assam government as recommended by the Regional Committees of the two states. The ownership of the land will remain with the land owners regardless of whether it falls into any state after the boundary has been fixed,” said the Minister.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Movement (HYM) has donated blankets and clothes to 10 villages in Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District including Mawroh, Umbuda, Nongkhrah, Mountain Governor, Mountain Governor, Mawiong, Governor, Nongtyrlaw, Mawiong, Umngei.
The end of the world will be after the 1000 years of Christ's reign.
The villages that have worked together are Laitkynsew, Nongwar and others with the participation of drivers, volunteer groups, resorts homestay to repair the road from Mawmluh to Mawshamok.
Regarding the land allocation from all the villages across India, he said that as a sign of unity, the children will be selected to The district headquarters in Delhi.
Out of the 22 MBBS scholarships allocated to Meghalaya from the Central Pool, two have been allocated to the children of NEIGRIHMS employees. bhah will be sent back to the state.
She said this after the state government on the 24th of this month, lifted the ban on the import of fish from outside the state.
Samuel Jyrwa said that this protest will send a message to the Government that the indigenous people of the North East have not yet accepted the Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019 of the Government of India.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has been named a hero among the Chief Ministers of North East for being a brave and courageous leader. to oppose CAB in front of Delhi.
Marak, 40, of Tura, WGH. The injured were identified as Bitching N Marak, Esther R Marak, Kingstar Ch Momin, Bikram Chettry, David R Marak, Gopbison R Marak, Gracefield K Sangma, The injured Homeguard was identified as Princess S Sangma.
Binita, has lived a difficult life, because her husband has been abducted by the militants and has never returned home, even today.
This new configuration means that the previous OM is no longer applicable.4.
They are 140 members of the church.
He said that detailed information has been sought on the land acquisition and release of money to the land owners and the district administration has been directed to complete this work within 10 days.
The Rules should clearly state on the establishment of Town Vending Committees (TVC) which should include up to 40 percent of the land vendors as members among others,” said the Seng leader.
On the same day, the Governor also launched a book entitled "Our Puja Approaches to the Centenary & Diamond Jubilee of Namghar"
He said that all coal trucks should enter through the coal mining areas recognized by the NGT and announced by the state government and should carry only 9 MT and will not be allowed. to carry more than that.
The wisdom we receive is part of him because it is him.
Less than 40 years ago, Bindyarani Devi of Manipur started weightlifting in her village in Imphal.
Meghalaya needs good roads, good education, good health and all development works and this will only be achieved under the leadership of Narendra Modi,” he said.
“Yes, Bah,” said Banrilang in a low voice.
“Another part of this rally is to send a strong message to the government and the police department that such incidents should not happen again so that peace and order can be maintained in the state,” he said. The rally will start from Mot u Kiang Nangbah, Khliehriat and will end with a public meeting in Jowai.
John said that since they started their Covid duty, the government has not paid them anything and this action of the government has put the drivers of tourist vehicles and buses in trouble. you are in great trouble.
The group of journalists also donated money to the school.
In the past, when Sohiong was part of Mawphlang, Mawphlang block was full of scheme beneficiaries. Now there is nothing because the MLA of Mawphlang doesn't give schemes like me.
“I am speaking here not only for Nongstoiñ, but for the state as a whole which needs to look into the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Gabriel.
Adelbert has set a 10-day deadline for the government from the 5th of July which will end on the 15th of this month.
According to the report received by KYKWM in November 2021, the turbidity of the water has been 72-82 NTU, while the safe drinking water level is only between 1-5 NTU. The Water Analysis Report on the increase in the water level in Wah Myntdu has been lodged with the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills.
According to the complaint lodged by the Officer Incharge Saipung Police Station, on 17th July at about 4.30 pm, without the knowledge of the Saipung Village Leaders, Rollingson Dkhar and his friends came in five vehicles. vehicles and disrupt the peace and order of the residents of Saipung Village.
In the innings, Meghalaya managed to score only 207 and lost all the batsmen in 48.3 overs.
This is due to the lack of education opportunities, the decline in the ratio between students and teachers, and other issues.
The Minister of State for Rural Development, Prestone Tynsong, in the presence of Principal Secretary KN Kumar, Principal Secretary, State Agriculture and Horticulture, P Kharkongor, Dr PK Pramanick, Director & MCS State Institute of Rural Development T Lyngwa, Head of APEDA CB Singh, and former scientist of the National Chemical Laboratory Dr Nene, along with hundreds of others. come and take part.
New Delhi: The Income Tax Department of India has discovered several illegal petrol pumps in Meghalaya. They are the Khasi and the work is run by the Dkhars.
Justice : means justice – judgment is a decision that allows to decide on differences of opinion; righteousness is the pure and holy snap of mankind individually or as a group.
Nongpoh: U Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today visited Nongpoh to discuss with the MLAs/MDCs and District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District, how to create roads. to prevent the spread of Covid-1
Besides, he said that the roads that have just been constructed have been destroyed including the Inter State Bus Terminal which has just been opened recently.
A Rupang reporter visited the shopping center in Mawiong and found that all the shops were completely destroyed. 3 o'clock in the morning today.
At present, besides the NPP and PDF, other parties working with the NPP in the MDA 2.0 coalition government include the UDP with 11 members, the BJP and the HSPDP with two MLAs each and two independent MLAs.
Bah Korbar said that there are those who have become Christians who come to the market on Sunday but they have their own feelings which cannot be explained. Khasi and Dkhar and so on on Sunday.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Shillong City District of Shillong today approved the nomination of Bah Fedrick Joplang Lynshiang as the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from Laban constituency for the mid-term elections to be held on the 13th of this month. date of November.
The BJP itself has won 75 constituencies, while the JD(U), the ruling party led by Nitish Kumar, has won 75 seats. There are 41 constituencies.
The Kynshi District Presbyterian Youth Centre, has conducted this Awareness Program on the dangers of drug abuse and other illegal beverages at Kynshi Mawria, on the occasion of the Kynshi Market Day.
The union also thanked Isawanda Laloo IAS who is also the Director Sports & Youth Affairs and the government for providing support in the expenses.
This wonderful work of the leaf is not possible without the help of the energy that plants get from the sun.
After seeing the forgetfulness of Bah Hadrian, journalists went to talk to him after the meeting.
We respect all religions.
The inspection started from the parking lot at Head Ïewduh where they first met with the officers of the Meghalaya Urban Development Agency (MUDA) in charge of the parking lot due to the pollution which has become a haven for criminals.
On the other hand, the APMU has banned the operation of these four petrol pumps, as they are not petrol pumps operated by the owners of the house.
According to the results announced, the Congress has won three out of four seats in Rajasthan.
It is only when the election comes that they feel the need to lose the election.
There are land in Khasi Hills which are suitable for land and air bases if the Government of Meghalaya talks to the Syiems or Hima Sima rulers to provide if the Government needs and those lands are – one ha the Langrin Hima between Khongjoi and Maheskola.
The Deputy Commissioner of WJHD, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, has called for a Joint Inspection to witness the construction of the Jowai By-Pass Road on 26th June. at 1 pm starting from Hill Top Khliehtyrshi.
The Rally-cum-Awareness Program was organized by the Block Development Officer (BDO), South West Khasi Hills District through the Block Mission Management Unit (BMMU), NRLM, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Kudumbashree NRO. LT Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
The JAC also demanded the release of staff and teachers from all office duties, the restoration of the NEHU Act on the website of the university, the holding of regular Convocation, including to the members of NEHUSU in the Academic Council, to review the quotas of those who are lagging behind from village to block level.
“This has affected the families and the increase in school fees is one of the increases in part-time dropouts,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
“Then you want to upload it through your computer.
There are Khasi songs, English songs and Hindi songs.
Similarly, the absence of the State University has affected the students of the state who wish to continue their studies.
Lajong will now look forward to continuing their unbeaten run from the start and playing well against Rajasthan United to score three points and move up the table.
He said that the cow traders have expressed their willingness to pay for the Tika, but the price is T.25 tyngka each and now they have received information that some of them are only T.15 tyngka.
Other Rangbah Shnongs who spoke expressed many of the benefits of solar lights as it helps the elderly, children to get light during the power outage.
At the public meeting, these four organizations also explained to the public the need for the state to get the ILP, which will be a stieh to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state. .
Meghalaya has received T.27.20 crore.
This includes the Rajya Sabha MP and NPP State President Dr WR Kharlukhi.
Shillong: Speaking to u SP News Agency, U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of North Shillong Constituency, today, 2nd July 2022, said that the people will not be surprised that Bah Adelbert will join the North Shillong Constituency. party VPP, because all the supporters, have decided for him to join another party, because the struggle is no longer with outsiders, but the struggle is with us.
It is learned that at the meeting convened by the Chairman on 20th July 2023, many of the members of the SDDF did not know that there is such a meeting. The Forum shall not be able to take any decision or publish any news in relation to the work of the District.
The Minister said this while denying the allegation that there are still illegal coal mining factories operating.
Shillong: Police today arrested two more persons in connection with the burial of Bah Moris Marngar in Nongdisong, West Khasi Hills district.
It is learned that no person has been sent by the MLA to Sohpdok and the MLA has not yet provided any assistance.
How long will the voters continue to be deceived in the upcoming elections in 2023? We will look at the attitude and decision of the voters of Meghalaya after this election.
“The Briew in the Lyngkha, the Syep, the Money, the Earth, the Mohkhiew, the Btuit”1
Kiba loves Ri suda.
It is time to display the rate in their offices to inform everyone and when paying for the requirements should be given a receipt.
The founders of the Barato Unit were honored and the jubilee cake was cut by Rimaya S Manar MCS, Director of DERT, Government of Meghalaya.
Guwahati: Dozens of students of Dibrugarh University have written a blood letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Sarbananda Sonowal, expressing their strong opposition to the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (CAB). they wrote a letter on 11 June 2019.
Although many people want to see and witness with their own eyes these Amur Falcons, but many of them expressed their disappointment, because the road to reach this place is not safe. and they shall be filled with the snow.
Many Christians hide in this box of peace and don't forget to shake hands and perform rituals,” said Bruton.
Deviani Singh said she wants the law enforcement authorities to give the rights of the mother who was assaulted and is currently undergoing treatment in hospital.
It is said that this is a 3 kilometer area of ​​land and it is said that this is a theft of land from the rightful border between the two states.
At the same time, they expressed their special thanks to the coaches, Bah Jompsing Ramsiej and Bah Plesanly Synnah who have been the leaders who have shown that spirit as teachers. that time all.
However, after that, it will continue from Pahamjri to Sunapur, which will provide convenience to the people living in the area, which is also close to Assam.
It is worth mentioning that the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Nonglang was launched on the 9th June, 2022 by the President of the Seng Khasi Nonglang, Bah T.Kharlyngdoh. open and raise the flag of the organization.
In West Shillong, 25,677 voters turned out to vote while 18,750 voters turned out to vote, which is 73.02%.
Police said the total weight of the drugs was 8820 ml and 43 billion of Chlopheniramine Maleate and Codine Phosphate weighing 4300 ml.
The SPC reminded Bah Ardent that it is the duty of journalists to gather information including good or bad, based on facts and not rumors.
One is on the absence of a Regulated Market and the other is who will manage these cow markets. At present, the markets under the Sixth Schedule are under the jurisdiction of the District Councils.
“My promises have attracted a lot of voters.
The Government should think and encourage the youth to farm to get rid of unemployment.
The discussion was on the strengthening of district councils especially to preserve the customs and traditions, religion and culture of the people.
The Honorary Secretary of WJDSA, Lammat OO Laloo, said that three groups including Mookymphad SC, Mulang Ialong SC and Mookyndur have participated in the auction.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Khan said that there are only four candidates from Mawkynrew, the incumbent MLA Remington Pyngrope of the UDP, the incumbent MDC Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) of Mawkynrew. PDF, Martle Mukhim of the HSPDP and you (Lamborskhem Kharpuri).
The question is whether Commander Shangpliang has produced films that have been awarded by the Government of India and other foreign awards? Shangpliang has organized the International Film Festival this year at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore from the Ministry of Tourism. shnong France? Many such things happen and continue to happen but we the people are silent and we just talk on social media without being able to create the world again anywhere.
The Meghalaya New and Renewable Energy Development Agency (MEDA) invites all school children, residents of Jaintia Hills to attend this awareness and training session on the use of sustainable and clean energy available. of nature.
However, despite the opposition of the Opposition, the House today passed these Bills and will send them to the Governor for enactment. The Bill was passed by the two MDCs and left the House.
Explaining about the incident, Kong Banrihun Susngi, who came with her mother and CoRP leaders, said that one day she had planned to ask the MeECL Umiam employees. MeECL employees, on the sudden increase in electricity bill, but she heard a voice like a scream from the MeECL employees, who said, “Siew phim siew, as you wish” and alleged that the MeECL employee , she behaves rudely and does not explain in the slightest.
Seeing that the people are going through a difficult time due to the pandemic, the government has decided to continue the PMGKAY for another three months so that the poor and vulnerable in the society can get support for upcoming festivals like Navratri, Dussehra, Milad-un-Nabi, Deepawali, Chhath Pooja, Gurunanak Dev Jayanti, Christmas, and others so that they can celebrate with joy.
Many of the tourist attractions in the area do not have enough roads to reach these beautiful and fascinating places.
Sadly, if this continues, what is the hope of the poor youth and what is their future?
The first part of Mann Ki Baat is 14 minutes and it has been increased to 19 and 26 minutes in the second and third parts.
The Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim on Saturday held a cleanliness drive to commemorate the 152nd birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Mumbai City will face Chennaiyin FC on November 11 this year in the ISL. Mumbai are in third position with nine points from the ISL. 5 times she’s competed.
He passed away on 28/04/2
Oh, as you know, there are many kinds of diseases and many kinds of diseases.
After examination, doctors found that the child had been raped at the scene and police have registered a case against Bernard under the POCSO Act.
The MDC said that the beginning of the conflict within the Executive Committee of the PDA has started because of the T.28 crore and she said that the CEM has done the money alone without any permission. She said that the implementation of the T.28 crore has not brought any benefit but it has gone to the plan of one person and the awarding of jobs to the contractors has been done alone. and he went to Pynshngaiñ.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 1198 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 519, Ri Bhoi with 177, West Jaintia Hills with 84, South Garo Hills with 80 and North Garo with 1198 active cases. Hills 60, South West Khasi Hills 56, Eastern West Khasi Hills 52, South Garo Hills 37, West Khasi Hills 35, East Jaintia Hills 28 and East Garo Hills 27.
On the other hand, ADC AL Mawlong, who was the chief guest, said that knowledge is the power to promote economic development and bring peace and order in the region and the state. whole.
In addition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, CEM of KHADC, while speaking as the chief guest, stressed the need to improve the school.
She said that even the opposition MLAs speak in the House by forcing justice but Mukul can do it alone as a leader.
The Minister also expressed the need to have an Amrit Pharmacy at the Shillong Civil Hospital and to set up a treatment center for the seriously injured at the Shillong Civil Hospital and Tura Hospital as well.
She said that according to the POCSO Act, Article 5, is more strict against government employees because they are the ones who make the law.
Bah Ian said that among the participants, the best and most talented athletes will be selected to prepare to represent the state in the junior and sub junior nationals. and also in many tournaments to be held in the North East.
Shillong, July 12: The Director General of Police (DSP) has submitted an affidavit to the Supreme Court alleging that the owners of the illegal coke plant in He said that the state residents of Guwahati, Assam have been involved in the deposit and withdrawal of benami money.
Shillong, June 19: Two persons have been drowned in a white light this afternoon at Tebronggre village, 22 km from Tura.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 02: The HITO Mawranglang Zone today inaugurated its office and appointed new office bearers of the HITO Mawranglang Zone.
Bah W.Shangpliang, one of the elders of the village, said that some of the kwai which had to be harvested got only one or two but most of the kwai had to be cut to make it into kwai. superior.
It may also be recalled that the NPP has accepted that these remarks of Dr. Mukul Sangma are threats and intimidation and the party has requested more security forces for Purno.
The rich people says better to lock down again, The poor people says duhai sa chi sien.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 25: The residents of the border villages of West Khasi Hills District have demanded that the government should send officers of the District Horticulture Department and the District Agriculture Department of West Khasi Hills District. They visited the villages on the border with Assam including Nongma, Nongmawlong, Langpih, Sohmarang, Mawdiangsnam, Nongmawlein and many other villages in the area.
“Because of the rainy season, the traffic police have to endure the rain, snow and difficulties to complete the work in a proper manner. Motors has donated 300 rain coats to the Shillong Traffic Police,” said Frank Motors CEO Indonlang Passah.
In 2023, it will be interesting to watch the election campaign of this central political party, and will the strength of the BJP in the central government be able to attract the people in the state? The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) led by Bah KP Pangniang, which won two constituencies in 2018, will be one of the candidates. the oldest political parties in the state.
The meeting was held at the Conference Hall of the DC's office on Monday and was chaired by Ma M. Challam (ADM).
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawthadraishan Circle, today 19th March, have met with the District Medical and Health Officer, West Khasi Hills District, to submit a letter to the Government. Doctor as soon as possible at the hospital.
One third of the allocation will be allocated to women belonging to the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe.
The construction of the road will start from 21 km to 47th km (a distance of 26.982 km) through the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP) funded by the World Bank.
He said that one of the problems faced by Mawlai is the traffic jam and advised the traffic police to fight as much as possible to reduce the traffic jam on this road which is the main road for others. four states to enter Shillong.
Munster said he was impressed by the way Lajong players played on TV. “There are players from the state who play with the desire to play well.
All the Kurs from near and far came to take part in this annual dorbar, which was conducted by Rev.H.F.Wahlang and also welcomed the Kurs. who has been released from the Dorbar.
“It is for this reason that we have the name of the district which is not available in the geographical direction. This is because we have increased the knowledge.
'When we sit around the fire, we look at the three stones where the mother of the house puts the khiewja to shetja and the khiew jyntah to shet jhur, to get the place and the table to eat with love and family unity.
The righteousness of the righteous shall save all.
There is always a fear of making us citizens understand many of the issues related to education and society because in the end it will reach the point where we will not be able to elect more leaders whom we have already elected.
There was a protest by the owners of the houses against those who tried to demolish the houses, in the presence of the police and Magistrates, who arrived at the scene at 10 am this morning. .
Guwahati: The Assam government has imposed Section 144 Cr PC on the visit of Narendra Modi to the state on 9th June
In our journey as a nation we have experienced many changes in our way of life in many aspects such as travel, dress, food and drink and religious beliefs.
“Yes, you said Riia called you...” asked Bahnah. “Yes.” Deisy replied, “When shall we go there...” Bahnah asked again. Deisy, “I thought it would be better on Sunday to stay at home,” said Bahnah. “Well, if you're sure, I'll let Riia know tomorrow...” Deisy replied. call te..." Bahnah confirmed, “I'll tell you tomorrow.
“This case is under investigation and we have not filed a chargesheet but the Investigating Officer (IO) is still doing his duty,” said Bah Nongtnger.
“As it is now, many of the Hima are unhappy and have gone to court to appeal against this boundary arrangement in the first instance,” he said.
The memorial ceremony was attended by the HoD Khasi Department, NEHU, Prof Streamlet Dkhar as the Chief Guest, the Sirdar of Mawmluh Elaka as the Symbud Chief Guest. .
When he entered the room, Bahnah began to repeat the news that his brother had brought him, about the story of his two closest friends. they are not better.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of State, who is also the Chairman of the Committee, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, said that the date will be fixed next month. to visit these places.
One of the names that has started to be heard in Ri Bhoi District, is the name of Bah SW Rymbai, former MLA of Umroi Constituency. He said that he will be able to contest again from the Congress party which he won as MLA of Umroi in
These 104 volunteers have been appointed as volunteers during the National Lockdown to fight against COVID-19 and will be paid T.550 per day.
“We have planned to visit the Umiam Hydel Electricity Project Stage I and II in the first month of July,” said the chairman of the FTT. K Sangma said the meeting with the MeECL officials was pleasant.
Therefore, evil thoughts arise against others by violence and violence from the youngest to the oldest. They feel that they are strong in their feelings. the laws of this world.
The book of Joshua says, “...And it came to pass at the end of three days after they had made a covenant with them, that they heard that they were their neighbours, and that they dwelt among them” (Joshua 9:16).
He said that the president of the VPP has alleged that religious leaders distributed kyiad during the elections and yesterday the supporters of the VPP used insulting words when criticizing through social media against the leader. religion of the Catholic Church.
Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, inaugurated two projects – a water treatment plant implemented by Pdengshnong VEC and a crematorium implemented by Pynshongkhla VEC – at Umphrup Village, Khyrim Syiemship. on Thursday.
After MePDCL announced that there is a shortage of man power to collect the bill lights, the union demands that young people from the villages and elaka should be employed to collect the bill lights. meters and collect the bill light with the recognition of the village, and the MeEPDCL department will authorize them to collect the bill light on time.
Prof. Henry Lamin, a senior lecturer, should have understood that the students of NEHU have their own organization known as NEHUSU and this organization is recognized by the NEHU Act. The union also strongly condemns the statement of Prof. Henry Lamin that teachers are the pillars of society.
The party said that at this meeting, the party wants to win from all the 25 seats in the North East so that the party can send the party and express the main issues of the state. in the city of Delhi.
In Jaintia Hills, the CEM of JHADC. For the first time, the members of the Regional Committee will meet with each other to discuss these issues and how to proceed with the work.
There are also those who have worked as members of various political parties but have come to offer themselves to become MDCs in front of the people.
Mizoram is far behind and it is time to elect our party to take the state higher,” said Conrad.
“Then they asked me to apologize and touch my feet.
“As a leader, I find that the Congress leadership has failed to protect the land owners from the influx of foreigners.
“This land in Mukroh is not owned by Assam and has also set up a Forest Check Gate of Assam and many times the farmers of Mukroh village have been harassed in this land. “They have been accused of looting, logging and leaf looting in Assam,” said Chandame while speaking at a rally organized by the JAC Rilum Jaintia on Saturday in Jowai.
When Nehemiah gathered the city officials and officials, threats began to come from the right, from the left, and from different directions.
The nomination for the posts of sitting MLAs or those 60 MLAs who have held the post of MLA for three years has started about 3-4 months ago.
He said that the Council's preparation for this is after many Rangbah Shnongs have not explained how to issue NoC when someone comes to apply for any business.
Pynhun Lang Manik Syiem, former Deputy Superintendent of Police (Security Wings) SB Shillong, has been appointed as the new SDPO of Sohra East Khasi Hills District.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, said that on 23-07-2020, police received a complaint regarding the assault of a 13-year-old girl. Nongstoin P.S.Case No.31(7) 2020 under Section 5(n)/6 of the POCSO Act and directed the WPSI DP Nongbri to investigate. detail this work.
On 3rd November 2020, the Government of Nagaland, has decided to ban the purchase and transportation of meat, or the closure of meat shops and the sale and slaughter of meat in the State.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss and submit a letter to the CEM requesting him to repeal Section 13 and Section 15 of the VAB which explained that there will be a Village Development Council. (VDC) which is a group to implement development projects from the government in different villages.
Sunita Kumari Gupta of St. Mary's College came fourth with 65.88%, Sunny Ryngkhlem came sixth, Vidushi Jalewa came ninth, Heena Poodar came fifth and Suman Sharma Ansu Agarwal came in third place.
“The purpose of my visit to the North East is to assess the needs for development in the North East.
Besides these two churches, it was learned that there are other Presbyterian churches in Upper Shillong, which have found the book on the porch of the church, such as in Mylliem, Mylliem. Marbaniang and Khad-ar.
The Court has ordered the Government to identify the garbage dump as soon as possible and to resolve the issue immediately no matter how far it is from Jowai. Solid Waste Management shall not be allowed to accumulate in public places or in households until the implementation of Solid Waste Management.
“Rida pleng, now you've learned to lie... I don't think you'll be like this.
That is – for the eight-year-old miaw, prepare a small tree to plant.
In the first innings, Ri-Bhoi won the toss and elected to bat first and managed to stop the opponent by conceding only 125 runs for the loss of 4 wickets.
Shillong received 1.0mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm, Sohra 4.2mm and Umiam 0.0mm.
“Besides the price, another problem faced by the chicken farmers is the power outage especially in the rural areas, because without electricity these chickens are still rit cannot live.
Leviticus 23:4-5
“In the coming days, the party will collect the lists through the Hima and hand them over to the State Government,” he said.
The EJNC has expressed the concern of the parents of the students since 2020 until now the parents of the students who live only by day labor have had to live in poverty because they have been affected by the pandemic. They earn a living and have found it difficult to provide food, drink and school fees.
(reng means snieh or snieh and bonghom means pathaw, so rengbonghom means snieh pathaw) The real name of this king is unknown but it is said that he got this name because he used to snieh like a pathaw. pathaw at the time of the battle of these kings.
Speaking at the celebration of the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that it is necessary to introduce a mission to curb drug abuse and illicit trafficking. u drok in this state.
Shillong: A youth has been arrested by the police on suspicion of involvement in a bomb blast in Them Ïew Mawlong and the number of suspects has risen to four.
“People who don't even know how to speak or write Khasi, their way of life is no longer like Khasi – how can we accept that they are Khasi,” said Robert.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of Education, the President of the HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi Circle, Bah RC Thangkhiew said that the government has not yet opened the school. The construction of the Patharkhmah Model Degree College in Jirang Block has been completed.
When the rituals are completed, the suit and shor of the Duhulia play the mastieh ksing and dance mastieh together from the King, the Kmie, the Bakhraw Batri, to the male dancers from the children of the thousands.
Therefore, the demand to amend the Reservation Policy is clear, concrete and fair.
The purpose of holding this Dorbar Bah is also to gather together the unity of the jaidbynriew.
“The law should not discriminate against anyone and if the police department continues to do so, the party will not talk anymore but will take another path,” he said.
Hame Shaniah Suiam (Point Fighting Men -57 kg) 2.
Shillong: The Revolution to Defend the Country at a public meeting held at Mawkhar Parking Lot, Shillong today unveiled its Lama and Emblem.
Only Jesus has the right to know all the purposes of the Father.
Jyothi Yarraji was the fastest runner to finish in 11.46s to win the gold medal in the 100m.
The second and third winners were Hakani Phawa of 6th Semester at Kiang Nangbah Govt College, Jowai from Tuberkmaishnong and Jingieit U ai Timung from Barato.
Michael called on women's organizations, religious organizations, especially pastors to support and explain to the public about the need for Compulsory Registration and the need for Equitable Distribution. In accordance with these two rules of law, they must be immediately replaced by others who are better able to bring about good.
Contaminant-free aquifers were identified at various locations where contaminants were also found.
Those of you who haven't had this disease probably don't know.
There are other problems or sorrows that urgently need an answer or an end to the sorrow.
Nongpoh: The residents of Ampangre, Jerobad and Mawsmai villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam have been delighted with the arrival of Conrad K.K. Sangma, Chief Minister of the state, launched the opening ceremony for the implementation of the water supply scheme in these villages.
In a meeting with the leaders of the SSA teachers, they also expressed their gratitude to the leaders of the political parties, the private sector, various political parties who came to encourage them during the four days. SSA teachers stayed overnight in the parking lot near the office at the Additional Secretariat Shillong, which started on the 18th and ended on the evening of the 21st November
“I suggest to the people not to submit their written submissions to the Survey of India before it reaches the MHA. .
It is also prohibited to burn open forest in all forest areas in Jaintia Hills.
However, he said that even so, Marangbah's wife did not have any bad intentions when he came home at night. " added the King.
Speech was also delivered by the MLA of Nongpoh, who expressed his satisfaction to see the initiative of the DMC office, which has organized this programme, which is also a benefit to the people. They were very grateful to the students and especially that they held it in this place, which was more rural and also a place where many of the children did not know their rights.
Even Prime Minister Narendra Modi wrote on Twitter, “The news spread that AzmiShabana Ji has been injured in a car accident, I am very sorry for her on this incident, I pray that she will recover soon.
Furthermore, small contractors such as Class II and Class III, most of whom are state owners and who used to employ youth and others, have lost their jobs, as they have been taken over by big contractors.
Hek's remarks came after the former Mawsynram MLA and BJP spokesperson resigned from the party, alleging that the BJP President is acting in a biased manner.
Domjyrti SC won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 109 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 20 overs.
In West Jaintia Hills, there is only one high risk contact.
“For Mawkyrwat, we have already nominated a new candidate and if we are clear in Sohiong, we will nominate another candidate. I don't want to be in the HSPDP party,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 7: A poor woman (L) Kong Wansaralin Wanñiang from Tiehsaw village has been stabbed to death on the evening of the 2nd of this month. From the head and parts of her body to her former husband Biangkupar Nongsiej from Lawse until her death recently, she has shocked and shocked not only the people of Tiehsaw and Nongstoiñ area, but also the people of Tiehsaw and Nongstoiñ. The Khasi people across the country have been shocked and saddened by the tragedy that has happened to her and her unborn child.
Shillong: The Association for Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) in Tura has expressed its opposition to the request of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma to allow Bangladeshis to work in the country. Your State lane does not have a work permit.
The elders of Saitsohpen expressed their surprise that before the government took over the land in Saitsohpen, there were some government offices which had received authority from the Elaka authority and had land titles which they had to use. However, these offices including the Sub-Division have not been renovated after the announcement from the government that Saitsohpen has been transferred to the government land.
The meaning of the name 'Jesus' means "to save all men from their sins"
You can give your child the right medicine even if he or she is sick that day.
“The state government will not interfere in such a situation,” he said.
Not only that, but the NPP has also strongly criticized the UDP that if it is a party of true men, it should leave the MDA-2 without delay because they are ready. person in the MDA family
The son of Kong Palmima died at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong after being shifted from Ganesh Das Hospital in critical condition.
First, the Ministry has allocated more than 3.5 lakh targets to the agencies selected by the State Governments to implement the scheme.
Little children will play with the snake, they will not hurt each other.
Rahul will be accompanied by other AICC leaders, CP Joshi in charge of Meghalaya and others.
He said that Bah Banshai said that this is to express his sorrow for what happened to the two children.
Buyers should note that before importing fish into the state, they should check by sending a test for formalin along with the certificate of the relevant department.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Clan Bills, 2020, he said that the Clan Bills, 2020 are based on the tip kur tip kha. They are still part of the Khasi people.
Members of HNCTLO&PA were led by MLA Macmillan Byrsat and Secretary of the Association Bah Apsharailang Syiem. The petition was submitted to the Prime Minister with the recommendation that the government should appoint a team of consultants from mining engineers, geologists and engineers from other deportments to assist in the preparation and construction of the coal mining system inside the country. the state.
Cameron is said to understand that if she goes back to acting, she will not have time to look after her children and this could cause her problems.
Along with these, the newly constructed rooms including a meeting hall and a kitchen at Jhalupara Community Hall were also inaugurated.
Many Congress MLAs did not attend the meeting.
So far, the ministers affected by the virus are Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, James K Sangma, Sngiawbha Dhar, Alexander L Hek and Miami Shira.
Earlier, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, had criticized the High Court of Meghalaya for dissolving the Dorbar Shnongs in the state.
Nishanta, who scored 11 fours and one six, along with Aman, scored 91 runs for the second wicket.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Students under the banner of Kiang Nangbah Govt College Students Union (KNGCSU) have strongly condemned the bomb and lathi beating of female students by male policemen during their march on Tuesday. DC office, Johannesburg.
Before the cleanliness drive, a meeting was held between the SSSS leaders including Chairman Van Shan Buhphang, Information Secretary Welfrank Thongni, Finance Secretary Evanzir Warjri and Assistant Secretary Herroi. Nongrum, Social & Cultural Secretary Iashailang Kharbudon and Health Secretary Bohstar Syiem, and the residents of Wahlyngkhat who were led by the Village Youth Association, Women's Association, Trade Union Association, Sport Club, School Students and Secretary of the Youth Association. Raid Nongblai, Bah Seibor Jaktung, in the presence of the Sordar of Raid Nongblai, Bah Batstarson Khongsni, who encouraged the youth of the Raid to contribute in all aspects especially in the cleanliness of the country. suspicious.
“The NPP has betrayed the people of the state.
Fiber is slow to digest, maintains appetite and prevents appetite for foods high in fat and sugar.
Not only that, the KHADC officials have no knowledge of the area.
However, this is not the first time that Conrad has introduced the Mang Tyngka.
One word and two words to agree with you and me as much as possible we must follow the rules as laid down and announced, because this is very important, there will be no more medicine. It is better to prevent the spread of Covid-19 than to obey and do all these things.
Regarding the allegation that the Pakistani flag was raised, Paul said that in fact the red flag was raised along with the blue flag which they alleged was the Pakistani flag. did you know that in fact this flag may also be Turkish? Why only Pakistan?” asked Paul.
The 32-year-old is a skilled player who can showcase his talent in the ISL. Stevanovic has spent his career as a child in the Serbian club FK Radnicki Obrenovic before moving to another big club in 2009, after a trial with Inter Milan.
He said that through the amendment of the present Sixth Schedule, the nation should not suffer from this.
Bhojpuri film actor and singer Pawan Singh on Sunday announced that he will contest the Lok Sabha MP elections from Asansol, West Bengal. that he will not contest this election.
As of the publication of this news, it was learned that it has gained strength.
“The Congress MDCs love the party more than the people,” said Bah Kharkongor. This is evident from the fact that the Village Administration Bill which is urgently needed to empower the Rangbah Shnongs has not been passed for two years. The Delimitation Bill was passed within six months on the orders of the party leaders.
Furthermore, the KJCLF calls upon all Christians in the region to join hands in prayer for peace to come to Manipur and to be ready to provide immediate assistance and support to the victims of the conflict in Manipur. the neighboring State.
“We have taken seriously this allegation and we have warned the village authorities if there is such an attempt to evict the villagers and if this allegation is true we will arrest them under the rules of law so that “They should be punished according to their deeds,” said the SDPO of Amlarem Sub-Division.
This was stated by Reebokstar Diengdoh while speaking at the commemoration of the death anniversary of (L) Bah Lurshai Hynniewta at Pynthaumdan (Ichamati) village which falls under Sohra Civil Sub-district. division, East Khasi Hills district.
The two suspects were arrested for smuggling drugs into India through Myanmar, said SP WJH Vivek Syiem.
When the nations of the world are united, they will appoint one ruler to rule over the whole earth.
Unidentified robbers have taken advantage of the COVID-19 lockdown and night curfew to rob a shop at Iawthymme Market, Ladthadlaboh Jowai and steal valuables. up to T.2 lakh.
He said that it is during this time that people get sick and need emergency treatment.
She has also met with several Sengbhalang Leaders to urge the need for unity and solidarity.
The Commission has witnessed that the District Jail and Correctional Home Jowai is overcrowded and has exceeded the capacity of 120 prisoners as it has 298 prisoners.
, In her testimony, she said that she remembers the words she prayed to the powerful writer who came from behind as a protection for her life. slowly to kill.
Therefore, the union, when it saw the danger to the people from the presence of these trees, did not hesitate to send a letter to the Range Officer of the Forest (T), Nongpoh, to take action on this issue. and to avoid any future accidents.
To unite the electorate, there must be a people's party.
The Tympang Iawmusiang Dorbar Shnong, Jowai has banned the sale of goods on the public footpath.
It is a shame for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people in this state that as the days go by, government employees and school teachers have been appointed only by those who have qualified, while the The leaders, however, were more successful than the younger ones who were the leaders.
They also said that the entrance to the crematorium under construction has been blocked by the landslide.
The Engineer has prepared the plan and estimate of the house.
The school will be held in one of the classrooms of Shillong Law College, Dhankheti. The school will be held only once a month on Tuesdays from 5 pm.
After half an hour, Atong Matgrik scored the third goal through Rakchuwell Marak in the 36th minute.
SC Sadhu also said that the habit of drinking milk will make the people of Meghalaya healthier.
“We know that trees have a lot of water in the soil to avoid being exposed to the sun and trees also help to prevent the rise in temperature, trees also help to produce fruit. “They are the fields that we cultivate,” said the Chairman, and urged the participants to do well in planting trees so that they can survive and grow.
The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Sumar Sing Sawian, a senior journalist who has made a great contribution to the media industry in the State. .
At that time, her 14-year-old son died after being tied in the head by these four men.
“If you look at the Tarabari sector, Pillangkata, Tarabari and other areas which are part of the Khasi Hills have been brought directly to Assam, the residents of these villages are also Garo and Khas. If you look at the will of the people, they want to stay with Meghalaya and if you look at the mawser, they should stay with Meghalaya, but the government doesn't follow anything in the border demarcation. “It's a good idea to sign the MoU for the benefit of Assam,” he said.
The curfew in Ichamati has been extended from 8 am to 11 pm on 7th October 2020 and will remain in force from 11 pm until further notice.
However, before the CID arrested the Bolero, Bah Ïangrai, who was arrested on charges of misuse of the Nationwide Emergency Response System, announced to the public through the media that the terrible incident occurred. He said that he is in danger of losing his life for this confession.
Sanjay Singh of the AAP posted on his Twitter account, "All night, we sat outside in front of the statue of Bapu.
Women who have or are affected by these symptoms in these internal parts can also be affected in the lower parts of the abdomen.
He said the Assam government has deployed its security police in the area while the Meghalaya government has not taken any steps in this regard. he said.
But this story went viral the next day.
“This flag will be worn when we go to work as a reminder to the Executive Committee of JHADC led by Ma Thombor Shiwat and the State Government regarding the loss of our salary and the arear that we should receive,” he said. .
“They went to meet with the party leaders in Delhi but now they have ended it and have not informed us.
Before the inauguration of the new office bearers, Dondee Cliff Khongsit in his speech said that the FKJGP was founded on 4th November 1989 and this year it has completed 34 years.
They were held on Monday as part of the preparations for the celebration of Environment Day on July 5,
These Bangladeshis have been able to smuggle into the state through Khasi brokers who have guided them.
“We have informed the mobile service providers that you must pay your bill immediately otherwise the electricity will be cut off.
When asked about the price of piat, the vendors said that the price of piat has been reduced by the suppliers at the time of purchase.
He said that corruption and disruption of peace and order in the state has happened from time to time in the present government.
The speakers on the occasion, expressed their satisfaction with the success of the Block Integrated Development Complex, as it will make it easier for the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi to go to the office. u BDO and that they will bring many benefits to the rural and backward villages in the area.
In another development, Shylla said that the District Council will also set up a Union of Rangbah Kur as in the Khasi Clan Bill and each Kur should send 2 or 3 of their leaders to the Khasi Clan Bill. this is the Union.
The Khasi have had the ability to make their own musical instruments since ancient times until today.
It is the 65th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights on 10 November. 1948.
According to the complaint, the Principal of Government Girls Higher Secondary School has violated the rules of law by singing the political song.
The Waheh Shnong requested the District authorities to provide assistance as soon as possible so that these refugees can find shelter.
The HYC has started the distribution of leaflets from the IGP to Motphran and other parts of Shillong.
Regarding the floods, this reporter spoke to Bah Ioanis Narleng, Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, who said that the village has been severely affected. The roads in the village have been flooded.
Gilbert Kharkongor of Mawshuit scored in the first inning and Iaishah Nongdhar in the 65th minute.
Shillong, July 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Conrad K Sangma, has survived an accident on the 10th of this month in which his vehicle collided with another vehicle. you don't have to be inside the car.
“We need clean air and clean water, what good is it to get wealth if we lose our health,” said some of the placards.
Rev. LO Garod, President of the Alumni Association, gave the keynote address, Dr. IR Dkhar, who praised the initiative of the Alumni Association.
On the other hand, the owners of petrol pumps have decided to continue the closure of the petrol pumps and will open only on the 15th of July, in honor of the Independence Day celebrations.
He is responsible for (a) welfare, sickness, (b) order, discipline, example of a dignified life (k) encouragement and motivation to the goal It is good that they try to reach the path of their brothers, sisters, mother & father in this world full of trouble, struggle, struggles, troubles of the world, ( k) which they should walk in the path of righteousness, knowledge of morality, knowledge of honour, knowledge of man and knowledge of God.
At the same time, Renikton said the Conrad-led government is ready to build a two lane road from Lad Mawreng to Ranikor via Mawkyrwat and NHIDCL has started conducting a survey to improve the road. to this road.
And when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his lord, Call the labourers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first.
Many important issues related to SSA teachers will be discussed at this meeting. The statement requests the Headteachers, Assistant Teachers, 4th Teachers and Secretary SMC to attend the meeting without delay.
When he comes, the graves will open and we will be buried with all the saints of all ages.
Members of the NEHU Students Union also came to support the students of Kiang Nangbah.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Sangma said that he has received a complaint from the HYC regarding an incident in which members of the party tried to lodge a complaint. Pynursla Police Station for the smuggling of muid.
He said that regarding the parking on the Lord's Day, the Committee has arranged that those coming from Shillong Road will park from the top of Nongstoin Market to the parking lot in Langpih and Langja, Taxi Stand, Nongpyndeng, Pyndengrei, Siejlieh and so on.
Shillong: Mawsawrit SC beat Tyrsad Umkseh SC 1-0 in the Women's League on Tuesday.
The first is the fact that waste generation is something that we can no longer eliminate.
Tynsong recalled that when the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) was introduced by the BJP in Parliament, all the political parties, Sengbhalang and the people stood against it.
How much more so when the poverty continues to intensify and the pig's legs continue to fall, which are on the shylliah.
JOWAI: The Market Managing Committee, Wahiajer, after receiving the approval from the JHADC, has decided to hold a market twice a day at Pynsin Market, Wahiajer. November.
Therefore, if the Government has a responsibility for the future, the future generation, it should invite Ardent and his team to the table.
On the statement by the Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala, that the NPP has nominated two women candidates, it is not an empowerment of women but there is no other way. The party has nominated the Minister of State as the candidate because she can give a strong fight against Bah Pala.
With this victory, Rising Star will play against Umshangiar in the final on 10-04-2021 at 9:30 pm.
Wellson RD Siangshai, said that the employees of the toll gate since yesterday evening, the employees have opened the locks of the toll gate. They said that the union will not allow the tollgate to be opened until the NHAI has repaired and constructed the national highway at Lumshnong. East Jaintia Hills District.
I pray that the KHASI country will be a peaceful country and will continue to shine in the LOVE of the PARARI for their country.
The PIL has alleged that Rule 17(1) (a) of the Constitution of District Councils 1951 does not allow the election of MDCs. A letter to the MDC of Nongstoin regarding the excessive deterioration of the PWD road from Mawlangdep to Mawliehbah, which has not been painted or cleaned since its construction.
“The Congress will win a glorious victory because they have respectable leaders who do not know corruption. In Jaintia Hills, three constituencies will be won by the Congress candidates. Those MLAs who have left the party and joined the NPP will lose their names on the 27th when the people will vote against the MDA government. “They will lose their names on the 2nd because the people of Meghalaya don't want the NPP anymore,” said Bah J.A Lyngdoh. Mairang Constituency on the grounds that the National People's Party (NPP) has not nominated a candidate because the NPP supports and wants to win again the UDP candidate Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Himalaya said the MDC election 2019 is the sign of 2023 in Pynursla constituency.
JENESYS 2023 is an exchange program organized by the Japan International Cooperation Center (JICE) from the 12th to the 19th of this month.
After the NPP, it was the turn of the HSPDP to rise and due to the large number of supporters from both sides, the Riangdo market was flooded.
She alleged that it is a stinginess of the health department of the State Government and now it has set a deadline of two months until the end of April, 2022 to complete the remaining works and also to open the hospital. Center.
Speaking on the occasion, Sema also stressed the need to increase the number of male nurses who can treat male patients especially in the Intensive Care Unit.
U Bah W.Sohlang, another former UDP leader who has given his full support to the HSPDP, said that these days the candidate and the leading leaders of the HSPDP are working hard night and day. and day to turn to the villages in the Mairang area, to hold meetings and many people came to join the party to support Bah Shakliar Warjri.
Mawkhar used to be called the brain of the nation but these days Mawkhar has turned into a battlefield,” said Bah Tariang.
“We have had a discussion and I have said myself that they should come and join the BJP but it has not yet reached the final stage but it is still in talks,” said Bah Hek.
On the same day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi met with President Joe Biden at his residence at 7, Lok Kalyan Marg, where they discussed many issues to improve the country's economy. economic relations, and community relations.
And so it was said in Gen. 2:18, “It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him a help meet for him.
On the other hand, the MSSCO has submitted a petition to Bah Ardent to find a way to improve the stadium so that it will be a blessing to the young players and the villagers.
This is evident from the results of CUET held last year.
Within 10 minutes, Mizoram tried to play well, but the players of the State managed to struggle to save the goal.
Thangsning Scc scored 75/4 in 13.4 overs.
Dr War said that the people who are in hospitals for treatment after being infected with covid-19 are the ones who have not been vaccinated and urged the people to take action to get vaccinated. himself.
A few months ago, the Rangbah Shnongs suddenly left the meeting room during the meeting with the Prime Minister because the meeting did not go as planned.
These equipments were handed over by Kiki Pakma, President, Rev HH Mohrmen, Secretary and other members to express their appreciation for the services provided by these hospitals to those affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. (KSU) Khliehriat Town Unit has lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer, Khliehriat Distribution Sub Division after the power outage in Lad Sutnga for several days.
This means that the states also have the right to speak and legislate on this issue.
Isn't it true that we are going back to the 19th century of India where only those who have nothing and those who come from well-off families have access to education? The tyrso seed encourages you teachers to be as high as Mt.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 25: Speaking at a public meeting of the TMC party at Umroi today, Bah George B Lyngdoh, Bah George B Lyngdoh, said that the party has appointed Johnsing Tariang as Land Record and Settlement Officer. He is also the TMC candidate from this constituency. He said that he has lost his brother in a car fire, the loss of his mother and especially the attack by the NPP. wife and family members recently.
She has also been selected as the Femina Miss India Meghalaya 2023 and will represent the state on the occasion.
Laloo's complaint is that there are 11 dewbilat factories operating in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills and the court has issued a clear order that if these factories do not operate, Bah Laloo, has lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary, State Government, to stop the supply of electricity to these factories without delay. The 11 factories have not had an adequate garbage dump until these days and through them, there has been a pum pum and a strong wind in the areas near the factory.
Besides the unity of the kur, the encouragement and encouragement of the kurs to respect and honor their kur, the shangkha shongman is one of the greatest relationships of society.
The organization was established on 28th November 2014 to protect and find ways and means to protect the farmers, workers and others who have been discriminated against in this country.
The tournament was opened by Bah Danny M. Khyriem, former Vice-President of KSU Sengkmie.
Ïawmusiang is the largest market in Jañtia and until now the waste from the market flows into the river and this puts at risk the residents of Jowai who use the water from this market for water supply. need of all of them.
The President said that the proposal to demarcate the border between Meghalaya and Assam in Phase II, “while the area should be returned to the border of Meghalaya even for 10 inches. Your land should not be used for Assam"
From time to time, this government has deceived us but we will believe until our money enters our bank accounts”.
This was announced in a statement by Bah John P Syiemiong, General Secretary of the Kur Syiemiong Kpoh Meba.
Only RUFC has reached the final twice.
They came forward to support Rekha Patra, one of the women who was involved in the accident, to contest the MP election from Basirhat Constituency from the BJP, until she became the Prime Minister of the country. , Narendra Modi, to talk on mobile with this brave woman.
The appointment of HYC NEHU-UNIT will not intimidate or embarrass the members of the HYC NEHU-UNIT and the HYC itself will stand as a tree to work for the country and the nation and to improve the coexistence in the country. Hynniewtrep is not a small unit.
When asked how the party thinks of the NPP candidate after the departure of Danggo, he said it is not the right time to speak now, but he will go to Ranikor to hold an emergency meeting to take part in the meeting. The people have decided whether the party will contest or not in this election.
Solomon Rymbai, a member of the HITO, has been arrested by two persons from Lad Mukhla village, West Jaintia Hills.
In the House, Kejriwal also asked all the 70 MLAs in the House to raise their hands whether they have birth certificates or not. “Seventy-one members of this household do not have birth certificates,” he said. “Will they be detained in detention centres?” he asked. asked Kejriwal.
Jowai, June 24: Heavy rainfall and strong winds have destroyed houses in many villages in Amlarem area of ​​West Jaintia Hills and also in some parts of East Jaintia Hills. last Saturday night and until Sunday morning.
They will register themselves at Arogya Setu and follow the health rules.
CCTV cameras have been installed at the scene and the government has invited the public to attend the meeting.
He said the kidnappers had driven him many kilometers from one village to another and there was only one village he knew which was in Ampati.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has already approved the implementation of the ILP in the state after passing a resolution on 19th November
Lahkmen said the state education department is implementing central government schemes like SSA and RMSA. The salary of SSA teachers since June this year, has reached five months.
In the past six months, the collection of garbage and garbage was not less than 4 byrni, in which the plastic was burnt at the place prepared by the village while the bottles that were still available for sale were burnt. die again.
The presence of the Red Cross is a blessing to the people and the society as a whole, he said.
Is being rich a sin? No, that's not it either.
The CoMSO will hold a meeting next month to discuss ways to protest against the Indian government 's decision on the ILP , to oppose the Governor 's withdrawal of the MRSSA Amendment Bill 2020 and to oppose to ensure that no Bangladeshi has illegally entered India through the Citizens Amendment Act (CAA) in Meghalaya.
What is included in EGH: 10 (Others), EJH: 28 (Others), EKH: 519 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –02, Others–517), RBD: 278 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –02, Others–276 ), NGH: 31 (Others), SGH: 09 (Others), SWGH: 23 (Others), SWKH: 13 (Others), WGH: 55 (Others) and WKH: 11 (Others) Number of infected persons The total number of cases in the state has risen to 35598 out of which 28107 have recovered and 578 have died.
However, it was postponed to 15th July.
“We are waiting for the right day to open the Mawlai Block, we have seven new blocks to create, 13 police stations and four civil subdivisions,” he said.
When her son is far away and she does not see him, she calls (khut-kbai) and warns him not to be far away from her.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, today inspected the village of Krang. house cleaned sem.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills said that this meeting was fruitful and will help to build trust between the two countries.
In the meeting with Sylvia in the presence of members of KSU Mawlai, Bah Chyne said that he has given them the Bank Statement from 28th October 2011 to 4 July 2013.
Gangtok, November 23: Seven soldiers, including three officers, were killed when a truck carrying them fell into a deep river in eastern Sikkim today.
Shillong: The Catholic Church of the Cathedral Parish, Laitumkhrah today held a cleansing ceremony in preparation for the 10th Anniversary of the passing away of Most Rev. Archbishop Dominc Jala. died last year in California USA in a car accident.
They distributed these letters of demand in the name of the GNLA to the traders of Manchachar.
Shillong, Nailar 10: Agreeing with the statement of the Prime Minister that the youth should be brave and courageous to come forward and have the spirit of competition in the field of employment, the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, He does not agree with the statement of the Prime Minister that the indigenous youth should wait for the Reservation.
Jesus foretold that many things would happen in those last days but the end has not yet come, these are only the beginning of the tribulation Jesus foretold here that false prophets would arise in the world , And ye shall hear of wars and rumors of wars: nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom; AND FLOODINGS AND EARTHQUAKES IN MANY PLACE. Take not your hearts: for these things must needs come to pass, but the end is not yet.
On the allegation by Ardent that Sanbor has resigned from the post of Deputy Speaker because he has lost confidence in the state government, he said that Ardent should understand that the NCP is still the NCP. Nongstoin, Nailar 10 :A meeting of three political parties including the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent, has resigned from the post of CEM. The WYWC Maweit Circle, FKJGP Nongtraw Area Unit and HANC have decided to boycott the election at the party headquarters in Nongstoin today. in the coming years it will be held in 2018-1
The meeting also presented a report on the activities of the branch from the previous office bearers and most importantly the report on the census which has been collected about 668 Kur Warjri households in the Pyndenumïong branch.
On the morning of November 13, 2013, a photograph has been circulating on social media in which the body of a child has been found in the water. Wahumkhrah which is located in the area of ​​Mawlai Square.
The evacuation of the residents of Joshimath, continues rapidly, after the earthquake, which occurred since yesterday.
On the night of 9th October at 12:30 pm, a truck carrying food and supplies, number AS-11-DC-3353, caught fire on arrival. in parts of Shangbangla village in Ri Bhoi, after she left Guwahati for Shillong.
The training was held on Friday last month.
Many people were seriously injured and had to be taken to hospital immediately, as they were in critical condition.
And another is because they persecuted the Israelites who were God's people.
The first EC was headed by Bah Teiñwell Dkhar, followed by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, the fourth EC headed by Bah Titos and the fourth EC headed by Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem. the new CEM.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, President of CSWO, said that the presence of those who take advantage of the protests of the Sengbhalang, such as the destruction of property and lives, has affected The CSWO has urged the CSWO to take this step to withdraw from its involvement with other political parties.
These organizations include the All Khasi Hills Achik Federation, the Garo Students Union Khasi Hills Zone, the Achik Holistic Awakening Movement SWKH Zone and the United Achik Youth Federation.
I don't think that those who apply for permission to mine coal will implement that mining method according to the technology because they have to follow many rules and regulations and it is not easy to follow them unless “It's a good idea to change the laws that don't exist,” said Pala.
He was speaking at the opening ceremony of the Ultrasound and Anesthesia Center at Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital Jowai on 17th November.
Traffic jams happen especially during the polling station as happened in Pamphyrnai, where the residents don't care who stopped the vehicles on the road because the polling station results have been announced.
“If possible, they will follow from Andhra Pradesh to Shillong so that the people can understand because the people are still in shock,” he said.
According to a source from the CID, Jha was arrested after a long investigation and also after the court canceled the bail he had applied for earlier and allowed the CID. to catch him.
Nongstoin, Nailur 19: The District Congress Committee (DDC) has held a special meeting to elect three candidates for the upcoming mid-term MDC elections to the KHADC. Three BCCs including Mawthadraishan, Rambrai and Mairang were also invited to the meeting to prepare for the election.
Serie A has decided that from now on, it will conduct matches if 13 players are healthy and able to play, while those who do not have players will be decided. to be defeated.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 12: After strong opposition from the village leaders of Lai Shnong and also from the people of these villages, against the government's plan to allocate land to them in Nongsder, the FKJGP Umiam Circle, She expressed her strong opposition to the proposal to allocate land to the troops in Nongsder.
Revelation 20:1
The court also made it clear that the municipal elections should be held in accordance with the Meghalaya Municipal Act
However, we have not seen or heard the Prime Minister of the country say anything.
We just saw people crying.
Applications that do not meet the requirements mentioned above will not be accepted.
Speaking to reporters, Probi Engty said that the demand and follow-up of the party does not end at the MLA's office, but as the party will not rest to monitor and has decided to meet with the party. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
“The Lt Governor, in the course of exercising his powers under Article 239 AA (4) of the Constitution of India, has issued an order banning tobacco products including ( Gutkha/Paan Masala) in which it was stated that this issue is important to look into for the health of the people especially when it is found that the number of people suffering from oral diseases is has increased over time in the city," the official added.
This happened just as Isaiah had prophesied.
You should wash your hands with soap frequently and you should not have such hand washing facilities.
Jowai, Nailar 22: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) in a statement today strongly criticized the slow operation of the DTO office in Jowai, which has caused inconvenience to the people who go to the DTO office in Jowai. this office because they have wasted time and money.
The meeting between the leaders of the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Association (MGLPSCTA) today with the Additional Chief Secretary of the State Government, Bah Donald P. Wahlang, has not been successful. The State Government has not been able to give any assurance on the demand of the contract teachers to be reinstated in Government Lower Primary Schools.
Rangdajied United beat Salgoacar 2-1 in the Airtel I League in Goa on Saturday.
“In the past few days, the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam have called for peace and even the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police from both sides have requested for peace.
As the years went by, mankind increased and the number of visitors increased.
Whom then shall I blame ? the slap or the man? Minister in charge of Roads, what have you done to improve the roads and paths in the villages? For example, the Shillong-Jowai road which has been destroyed by the High Court of the State, we have informed you that you have not done anything.
“I also request the government to clarify to me as the MLA of North Shillong Constituency on the incident at Raj Tilak Hotel, because I have to answer to the people of the constituency,” he said. want to go against their own government.
The VPP has already announced that it does not want to join hands with the Congress or the TMC and will walk alone in the House. received the post of Leader of the Opposition.
Many detailed explanations were given on the methods of farming, the methods of harvesting of agricultural products and others. Other speakers included Ms. A.Dympep, Subject Matter Specialist (Agril.
Malki foreign player Dieye Hamidou scored two goals in the 60th and 63rd minutes and Joseph A Seun scored another in the 84th minute.
Shwari said the owner of the shop had sold the rice to different villages in the district and it was reported that the rice was brought from Guwahati.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District (SRSRBD) today met with Arpit Upadhaya, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, to inform him that he should fight against the They also expressed their concern about the problem faced by the people regarding the eye disease, which has spread across parts of Ri Bhoi and also on the problem faced by the people regarding the excessive land registration fee.
Before the burning of the tyngshop, a short meeting was held in which speeches were delivered by the Headman of Shella Village, Bah Readerforce Sarubai, who urged the Seng to take action to convey the grievances of the residents to the authorities. He also informed that he is ready to cooperate with the Seng on this issue.
“I believe that this season, we will see more improvement and progress in the competition, and we will also have the opportunity to see a new team and talented players who will appear here,” he said. AIFFF General Secretary Dr Shaji Prabhakaran during the programme.
As mentioned above, parties like the UDP, BJP, HSPDP and NPP have fought fiercely against each other and have made promises to the people.
The Dorbar Shnong has also clarified that Monkiru Chyrmang does not have an Election Photo Identity Card (EPIC) on the Electoral Roll and does not have a registration record on the register of the Dorbar Shnong. families and all citizens.
Earlier, Prestone also welcomed a group of UDP Mawphlang leaders led by Kospar Mawlong and Philemon Kharmyndai who have resigned from the party to join hands with the NPP. in this upcoming election.
England have lost six World Cup quarterfinals in 1962 in Chile, 1970 in Mexico, 1982 in Spain, 1986 in Mexico, 2002 in South Korea and Japan, 2006 in Germany. and now 2022 in Qatar.
Shortly after the opening of the Dorbar, journalists spoke to the Speaker of KHADC, Teilinia Thangkhiew, who said that as the Speaker, she will not allow the powers entrusted to her to be used. noh shilliang, and she said that if the opposition wishes to discuss and if they bring a matter for discussion, in writing, she will allow them to discuss in the Dorbar.
Under the containment measures, political rallies, other public gatherings, various gatherings and organizations, including conferences, will not be allowed.
That is why we have appointed investigations to investigate whether the allegations are true or not but when the reports of the investigations have been submitted they appear differently.
Shillong, Nailur 22: 290 students of various grades were honored at the Raid Laban Sports, Social and Cultural Organization (RLSSCO) in collaboration with the government on Saturday at Soso Tham Auditorium.
The MLA was urged to take action to discuss with the state government on the Work Charge of employees in various government departments so that they can avoid being dismissed, especially those who have worked for five years or more and those who have reached the age of apply work government.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to abolish the Laitkroh constituency in East Khasi Hills and create a new Umsning constituency in Ri-Bhoi District. times.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary of the Commission JB Poon said that the Commission has expressed its disagreement with the increase in electricity bill and if the residents have any complaints they should go to MeCEL. MeCEL also gave an explanation on the increase in the electricity bill.
However, it was only in Khyndai Lad that a rally was held to protest against the curfew.
Bah YS Shullai, IFS as PCCF & HoF, Forest Department from 1st July, 2020 will be appointed in his place.
“We have to get a directive from the AICC if there is a need for such a group to work together as the Opposition.
Greta Thunberg, a young climate protester in Sweden, has been fined for disobeying police orders to leave the protest site. that she occupied the Western parts of Malmo on 19 July.
From this figure, it is clear that the number of students who have passed in all the five districts of Ri-Lum Garo has not reached even 40%.
Among the MLAs, only Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has spoken out against Dr Mukul Sangma in front of the AICC leaders.
On the same day, the Officers also distributed fertilizers and jhur seeds to all those who attended the training.
This has caused a huge loss to the people who live and earn in this river.
At the same time, he also congratulated all the teachers who have received awards at the District level, State level and National level.
The mother's apology came after her son posted a photoshopped picture of a ghost in the Langkawet Pond, which frightened the visitors and damaged the reputation. and the splendor of this resort, so that the people were hesitant to venture.
The politics of the present time has become a great blessing for some but it is also like a storm that hurts the soul and brings suffering to many especially to those who are poor. colorful and juicy.
“Don't misunderstand today, we don't have anything for the Congress party and thank you to the party which won me from Mairang-Nongkhlaw. “I don't think about joining the party but at the request of the CM, Prestone, Emlang Lytan came and reminded me of many needs,” said Batskhem.
Eleven states and the small state of Puducherry turned out 100% turnout.
The sudden death of Joshi, who worked as a journalist for 24 years in various newspapers in the state and abroad, has come as a shock to journalists and friends.
After the members of the party did not have the opportunity to meet him, they decided to wait for the decision of the court on the three cases filed against him.
These residents especially the women who received the financial assistance although some of them left after the order from the village authorities on Saturday, but they waited to receive their personal greetings and expressed their gratitude to u. MLA on this donation.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Fact Finding Team (FFT) today visited the Umiam Hydroelectric Project to inspect the condition of the Umiam Hydroelectric Project.
“That's why we had to stay in hotels,” he said.
“The office is also not taken care of, sometimes it is like a house of refuge and a camp of people who are against the society,” he said.
The Philistines could not fight him by force because the ropes that bound him were broken in his neck. So the Philistine enemies used a woman, Delilah. Delilah and the Philistines conspired to capture Samson safely by making him fall in love with her and making him sleep in her bosom.
The cyclone has killed about 10,000 to 15,000 people and left about 5 lakh people homeless after their homes were destroyed.
According to a letter dated the 8th of this month, Bah Arkijuh Dkhar, has requested the Deputy Commissioner to take action to look into the problem of the people who drive commercial vehicles in the district especially those who He said that during the time of covid-19, the fare from Khliehriat to Lumshnong was T100 tyngka. the price is still valid today.
Tiewmihpli Lyngdoh, who is in charge of the shelter, congratulated the HYC for providing these necessary assistance to the shelter. be necessary for this space.
In the second leg, Mynsngat beat Iongshiwiat 1-0, with Egidius Satien scoring the first goal for Mynsngat in the 53rd minute.
In South West Khasi Hills, 12 cases and in West Garo Hills, 70 cases.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Langpih, which has been standing from time to time on this issue, has met with the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) to take action and expedite the construction of the Health Sub. Center should not only advertise in the papers.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The plan of two women's organisations, CSWO and KWWADA, to sit in front of the Additional Secretariat, has failed today, due to the first reason. The rainfall, which lasted from 10am to 11am, was expected.
“I have already come from Delhi to talk to the Holtec company to send the documents immediately regarding the DPR, so in July all the documents have arrived and now all the documents are available. “In the office of the EE, PWD Nongstoin and on behalf of the Chief Engineer of PWD, the state government has directed the DC, WKH to do the land acquisition,” said Bah Pangniang.
Other speakers included UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh, KHADC Member Mitchell Wankhar and Langkyrdem MDC Ryngkat Lyngdem.
Replying to additional questions, the Chief Minister said that the age limit for employment in the state is up to 27 years and has been extended by five years for ethnic minorities and minorities. to 21 years, while the age limit for recruitment of teachers has been increased to 27 years. At the same time, it should not affect the work of the government, on this demand to extend the age limit, even though the government is still considering it.
In the second half, Winjestar Nongbri scored two more goals in the 55th minute and Kowelson Bina in the 60th minute.
“We welcome the support of the NPP candidates which has no restrictions.
Out of the 9.43 lakh candidates, 5.60 lakh passed and after that, there was an allegation that there was an error in the counting of marks and this caused a lot of anger among the candidates. parents parents.
India has reported a rapid increase in the number of cases of coronavirus in the past 24 hours, with 7,400 new cases.
“We have told the three ADCs that they need the permission of the Governor before taking any Bill forward,” said the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh. The meeting was held with the three Chief Executive Members (CEMs) of the ADCs on Friday.
I love you.
“If you want a license, bring 40 blankets to distribute to the cow farms.
Although it is not known when the incident occurred, it is estimated that it happened a few days ago.
There is a saying that if the devil does good, he must be honored.
The total number of participants exceeded 40 people.
He sent two links (1) Bank Account should not be linked to Adhar and (2) Mobile numbers which are private should not be linked to Adhar.
On this occasion, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh also urged the MLA of Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar to take action to inform and urge the state government to implement this wish of the people of Mawhati. Mawhati area.
In the first leg of the tournament, Wahiajer SC beat Chilliang Raij SC 1-0. The goal was scored by Ezekial. Fawa in the 14th minute.
The Seiñkur invites all the members of the Kur from all over the state and other places to attend this Dorbar Pyllun.
You cannot be young forever.
The seven MLAs who have been nominated are Prestone Tynsong (Congress) who received the jaiñ ryndia, Ngaitlang Dhar (Congress) and Sniawbhalang Dhar (Congress) who received the jaiñ ryndia. Their brother Paia Dhar, Rowell Lyngdoh (Congress) was replaced by his brother Diverland Lyngdoh, Stephan Mukhim, Hopeful Bamo and Remington Pyngrope (UDP).
After a while Satan came in the form of a serpent to tempt Eve. Eve succumbed to Satan's temptation and ate it, and then gave it to her husband Adam.
On the other hand, the party will also award prizes to the youth who have come forward in Jaintia Hills District in 2021 if the world is better,” said the President of Mewathi Suchiang and Education Secretary Ededi Shylla.
Thombor Shiwat, CEM of JHADC, said that the Executive Committee is deeply saddened by the lack of salary of the Council employees. the Government has released the funds of the Council.
The National Vice President of the BJP, Dr.M Chuba Ao who is also the In-charge of the BJP Meghalaya on this occasion also welcomed these supporters and leaders from other parties who came to join the party. BJP President Mawhati Mondal, BJP Secretary Mawhati Mondal and other BJP office bearers. Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Evarist Myrsing, BJP candidate from Mawhati Constituency, said that Dr. Evarist Myrsing, BJP candidate from Mawhati Constituency, has joined the BJP. It is a great pleasure to see that leaders from different political parties have come to join the BJP and this shows that as leaders and supporters they have begun to understand that only the BJP party is in power. and which cannot bring about that change in Mawhati Constituency.
At the meeting held at the Conference Hall in Nongpoh, the discussion between the Regional Committee leaders and the Village Authorities was that they had first discussed only two border areas, one is the Block-2 Raid Nongtung (Block-2) which falls under the jurisdiction of the Hima Khyrim, while the other is known as Desh Demoreah, the areas adjacent to Sunapur and which falls under the jurisdiction of the Hima Khyrim. It is located in the Hima Mylliem.
Marwein said that in this influx of foreigners, it will be difficult to verify whether they are eligible or not, because they can create documents that are not valid. by stealing and publishing the names of any Panchayat from Assam and which is not true.
Ladthalaboh's hope of reaching the semi final of the Meghalaya State League has come to an end after beating Niaw Wasa United 5-0 in Group B. Jeffree Surong (4', 7', 45'+3, 70') of Niaw Wasa scored four goals while the other goal was scored by Niaw Wasa. followed by Owanijuh Pajuh (68′).
History and Ethnicity were discussed.
As part of his election campaign, Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader Dr Mukul Sangma held several rallies on 13th June including at Dalu and Rangsakona in West Garo Hills.
Let us now look to the Word of God to confirm the above statements.
In a statement, the Sohra MLA said he has received complaints from parents of school children that the government's Aadhar number has caused them problems and they may lose their food. .
He recalled that 30 years ago from Khliehriat they went to Sonapyrdi to eat hotels because of the fish from Wah Lukha.
They dare to ask, why do the parties within the MDA smile? Newspapers are essential in society, especially in administration and in many areas.
A group of people who are understood to be arrested in connection with the illegal operation of coal factories in the state have been granted bail by the Meghalaya High Court. arrested on the Second Day.
Other songs included in the album include Achik Asong, Mikrakbo, Sengani Chasong, Tangna and Bisan Sal.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the creation of Block is the wish of the people and the government has promised according to the rule of law.
In the second leg, Umlangshor beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu to a 0-0 draw.
On the other hand, Streamly Niangti said that a lot of drugs have passed through East Jaintia Hills District and the facts have appeared through the media and if drugs pass through our district there will be no drugs. but within this District.
Thiruvananthapuram, Naitung 25: Ration dealers under the banner of the All India Ration Dealers Association (AIRA) will hold a hunger strike on March 2 demanding that the government will implement a new scheme. The price of rice is only T.3 tyngka per kilo, but there are up to 40 crore people who do not have rice.
“The writings in the museum are very important and through this it has instilled in the children a patriotic spirit from an early age,” said Conrad.
Most of the time, blood vessel disease is associated with age, and is now more common between the ages of 30 to 40 years.
He urged the people from the Rangbah Shnongs to the Sengbhalang to take part in the two night curfew called by the five Sengbhalang.
I will do whatever is necessary.
This has led to an increase in the price of beef and has caused problems for the meat sellers in their business.
In the men's bodybuilding category under 70 kg, Vijay Singh of Fittorium Gym Shillong won second, Elnathan N Warjri of Zoo Gym Shillong won second and Rapjan Hadem of ODC Fitness Center won third.
The Saw Seng has decided not to allow these foreign Monsi to buy or deposit coal from this area. If any foreigner is found smuggling coal, the Saw Seng will not hesitate to fight and expel them immediately from the area with severe punishment. eh.
Through this victory, the player has now reached the final for the fourth time in four years of participation in the tournament.
However, it teaches that they should not despise or despise those who do not have the opportunity to preach, sing choir, or be chairman of large meetings.
However, he has not been traced yet and his mobile phone has been switched off since the day of the incident,” said the police chief.
Two BJP MLAs, Bah Sanbor Shullai and Bah AL Hek, are among the 60 MLAs who took part in passing the ILP Resolution in
Hek said that through the presence of ASHAs, the infant mortality rate has been reduced from 429 in 2011 to 262 later.
Sawkmie said the demand of the Mawlai residents is to set up a judicial inquiry and temporarily suspend the police involved in the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Teibor Pohsngap from Padu came first, Kelvin Suting from Moosakhia came second and Bran Lyngdoh from Madantyrpait came third.
During the match, there was a loss of wickets in front of him, but he struggled to survive, until the ball he tied was caught by Waldo Sangma with his bat. Raghav Magotra.
At the time of the arrests, police said the men were communicating with some US citizens with the intention of deceiving them.
How can you claim that you want to become a Khasi chief minister while you are still in Meghalaya?
The picture of that new and better society that Jesus spoke of is reflected in the good news he preached about the coming of the Kingdom of God, but before Jesus the Kingdom of God is not like the physical kingdoms. in a world with borders, authorities, but it is the Kingdom in which people experience peace, happiness and full life.
In the hearing, the High Court told the Indian government, “The water has covered your head too.
He served as General Secretary and was elected MP in
Adrian LC Mylliem said that under the rule of the present MDA government, there are many problems in many areas, citing the increase in the price of food items, unemployment opportunities, problems. residents of border areas and others.
They said that on the 26th of this month, they received a call from a man from Assam who persuaded them to come and take these shyieng boit and they will become rich. He went to Joggipa, Bongaigaan, Assam.
Once again the Lord Jesus reminds us, “If I glorify myself, my glory is nothing. It is my Father who glorifies me; of whom ye say, that he is your God" (John 8:54).
Marshall Biam, a young man, has donated foodgrains to three villages in Umsatai, Lad Wah, Wapung and Deinsatlang in East Jaintia Hills District.
The District Sports Officer (DSO), Mawkyrwat will hold a football tournament for children under 12 years old. Under-12 Football Tournament 2023 will start on 10th June
Unfortunately, the frequent visits to Delhi show that Meghalaya is only a state of independence, which is just waiting for others and if this is the case, it is a shame for the state as a whole.
The work was scheduled to be completed within 9 months by September 2015, but as of January 2016, the work is only halfway through and has now been suspended for about six months.
He also requested the village authorities in Shillong to allow those who came from Manipur to stay in the city for a while.
Speaking to a newspaper, Samuel said, “I love my parents, but they take me out of their happiness”.
She was also the flag bearer of India at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Jamshedpur FC have signed Serbian midfielder Alen Stevanovic in preparation for the 2023-24 Indian Super League (ISL) season.
People now throw garbage in the hills and rivers and pollute and destroy the environment without any hesitation but escape from their own homes.
This shows that there is nothing behind it.
By Bah Philip Marwein Mawkynbat Village, which has 74 households and about 500 heads of population, is located about 13 kilometers east of Nongstoin Market, is one of the main villages in the Umiap area.
Who can apply if schools will reopen after 2 or 3 months after receiving the results? Question 2 – If schools are allowed to reopen in March 2021, what will happen to the students? class-8 this year
The UHM-EJHD has lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station against these trucks.
He said that at the BJP meeting in Delhi, he had submitted a petition to Modi and the Governor to send to the President to exempt Meghalaya from the CAB. The CAA is not only the Sixth Schedule and he also supported the implementation of the ILP in the state.
“When the people themselves have decided they don’t need the money.
(c) The Church teaches and emphasizes the spirit of fellowship and compassion—“with unhypocritical love, forgiving one another, and being kind to all the believers and all men...”(d) The Church it also teaches us to be self-controlled, not to be slanderers, not to speak evil, and not to speak double-tongued.
Let's hope for the best.
The MMOEA has used more than 15 puhshilum and dumpers to repair this road which is about 20 km long. The road has been covered with heavy potholes while the puhshilum has removed these stones and has prepared the road for the passage of small and heavy vehicles in the area.
The State Government has also been directed to appoint and train these employees to provide them with all the necessary equipment.
In a statement sent to the media, the party said that it will submit a letter to the Council next month as it is currently in the middle of the Behdeinkhlam holiday.
The parking lot in Motphran, after being demolished, was found to be in ruins and abandoned.
His body was taken from Ialong to Amtasam this evening.
The Mahindra Maxx (ML 06 3987) was driven by Bistarding Kharsyntiew (34) and the truck was driven by Goldstarwell Nongbsap (29). number ML 10 A 7724.
“We want to talk directly with the Minister in charge of this department,” said Bah Nongsiang. He said that although the government has called again to talk to the Commissioner and Secretary on the 23rd, JACATAM's house is not available.
Believers of Dabit Ampangdam Baghmara, South Garo Hills and Bikram Marak Mendipathar, North Garo Hills District.
After this, they will hold a dharna across the state on the 4th of November.
It is my duty as the head of the constituency to fight for their right to relocate them,” said Nongrum.
With this letter, the school authorities, especially the heads of schools and teachers, are urged not to be used as sohpdung or langknia before the government authorities.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, Thombor Shiwat on Friday presented the budget for the year 2021-22 which is less than T.13.15 crore from the target of T.173 crore. 50,30,000 crore, while the allocation is T.186,65,21,300 crore.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Shillong Circle President Treiborlang and General Secretary Shillong Circle have written to the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma today and submitted a petition to him. The government has decided to introduce foreign workers at this time.
Shillong, July 07: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly has pledged to protect and protect the rights of citizens and freedoms in India. and the rule of the people shall be inherited from generation to generation.
Leaders of the Meghalaya Pig Farmers Association (MPA) led by Bah Ioanis Lyngdoh as Chairman and other leaders today met with Bah AL Hek Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary to hand over the They have raised a petition on many issues faced by them as pig farmers in the state.
After the tender was issued in 2018, the tender winners have not completed the road at all.
Because you cannot protect yourself from the diseases that affect you but you can take steps to protect yourself from the diseases as much as possible.
However, according to sources, about 1,500 Manipuris have come to take refuge within the Nagaland border.
The army together with the Ukhrul police, fired Kylla bullets at these areas where Sawa was shooting, but no one was injured.
The celebration of World Elephant Day is part of the efforts to conserve elephants and to disseminate information to the public on the importance of protecting them.
One person has lost his life while four others have been injured in the landslides caused by the heavy rainfall in the past 24 hours in the state.
Therefore, there is now a lack of interest in the BJP while the Congress has become an irrelevant party, so where will the people vote? He said that the VPP is a new party in politics and has no place anywhere except in East Khasi Hills.
The IBFP is the first power pipeline to cross the border between India and Bangladesh and opens the way for the supply of up to 1 million metric tonnes per annum (MMTPA) of High-Speed ​​Diesel (HSD) to Bangladesh.
Laitjem Cricket Club, the winner of the tournament, won a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka and Hurdles Cricket Club, the runner-up, won the cash prize of Rs 20,0 They brought back a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
On the other hand, NEFA President Larsing Ming said that the Eastern Region of India is an important part of football in India and a way to promote the sport in the country.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has sent its best wishes to the former leader of the JSU for a healthy body so that as a former leader and a heavy burden for the country and the people. Jaitbynriew, if you are able to fulfill this good purpose of yours, you will reach the goal of victory so that you can continue and give more spirit to serve the people as well as the country and the nation itself. whole.
Rehana was admitted to a hospital on 17th March 2018 and suffered from fever, chills and shortness of breath after returning from Pune.
Jerlie E Tariang was an MDC in 1952 and MP in the Rajya Sabha from 1984 to
At present, the Board has only three members, himself as Chairman and two Co-Chairman who are all MLAs”.
The wolf and the lion fight, but the myrsiang gets the thong.
Shillong, July 05: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Minister in the MDA government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Monday alleged that the VPP is not only trying to politicize the issue. of the Reservation Policy but also tries to create a spirit of ethnic differences between the Khasi and Garo and also tries to sow the seeds of enmity between the two ethnic groups.
It also approved the amendment of the rules to increase the salary of retired judges under the Retired Judges Secretary Assistance and Domestic Assistance Rules, 2013 which was amended in 2016 and another to to increase the salary of judges equally in the country according to the Second National Judicial Pay Commission (SNJPC) as directed by the Supreme Court.
Therefore, as the candidate of the party, if he reaches the goal in this election, he will create the opportunities and talk to the government to pay special attention to the farmers, because these days science and technology It is one of the parts that the people have to use when they farm.
The new census may not come far in any way but many Meghalayans have to take care of themselves.
So when night came he went home and the missionary thought about his words and asked another man why we used to go to church together and he loved and feared God but now pat u become long how? Three years later, the missionary friend invited the scientist to take the time to come to his children's birthday party.
“The statement of Bah Lyngdoh as one of the leaders of the party that the drivers of commercial vehicles do not have the right, or do not have the opportunity to get jobs in this reservation policy. ), I'm happy to tell him, maybe he has a real soul or he's just floating or btuid from the thylliej," said a commercial vehicle driver on Tuesday.
The Government has submitted the file of the Magistrate's Inquiry and the HLC report to the Secretariat.
The farmers were trained to make their own chemicals which are necessary for agriculture and livestock as well.
These music videos were released today at Nongpoh, where Bah Cornelius Laloo, one of the journalists, took part in the release, in the presence of Bah Lansius. Syiemlieh, President of the Meghalaya Filmmakers Association, Larry Suchiang, one of the Khasi actors and others.
The Governor of Meghalaya took part as the chief guest at the closing ceremony.
Speaking on the launch, Amit Doshi, Chief Marketing Officer, Britannia Industries Limited said, “We are pleased to be able to partner with award winning nutritionist Ryan Fernando, who works tirelessly to create these foods, and help in a great way, and the help necessary for life".
He reminded that this age of knowledge is the age of competition, so it is necessary for children to become educated. u Bah Jansing Tynsong.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has postponed the meeting between Defense Minister Amit Shah and the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam to finalize the social border settlement between the two countries. the articles of the State in the Eastern Hemisphere.
There is a need for a thorough review and evaluation of the issuance of trade licenses.
This disease produces a stem color on the green leaves, the leaves crumple and the whole plant is thin and not as tall as a healthy plant.
Along with the office bearers of the NHP, the Rangbah Dong of Pata and the supervisors of the Spring of Hope were also present.
I caught the fish and threw it at them, but they kept coming to me.
At present, there are more than 10 petitions against the implementation of Aadhaar, including a petition against the Aadhaar Act,
“In 1957, the first Prime Minister of the country came to Meghalaya. As soon as we learned of Nehru's visit to the state, we held a meeting to open a school. On the day I arrived at Umsning, I died on the road.
Banteidor said that the PMGSY road in Lynshing has been completed and will be reconstructed in the lower parts of the road and the wells and other necessities will be improved to avoid landslides.
Speaking to media in Shillong, Sinha said the question of why and how the party intends to strengthen its presence in Meghalaya is a matter that remains to be answered. detail.
Colin's goal came after Banmanroy Nong siej of Ryntih couldn't hold on to the ball and Colin managed to knieh the ball into the box with the opening. Frolicson Dkhar, who was struck by Frolicson Dkhar, struck the ball into the net.
On the other hand, Ms Iaishah Rymbai said that after meeting with the SE, she said that the reason for the power outage in the village is due to the loss of a transformer and a new one is needed. 10 days to replace with a new one and request the public to apply.
Jowai, July 28 : Lily Tariang, resident of Hawai Bhoi, Amlarem C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills, has been arrested on the evening of July 26, Project Director of DRDA, Bah FB Basan together with his colleagues handed over a house for Lily Tariang.
Prof. Kma said that the VC has approved to set up a committee to look into the issues related to this issue.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 78486 out of which 75436 have recovered and 1361 have died.
August 5, 2020 I don't want to waste your time.
Bookies and number buyers have violated all the rules and regulations of team writing, not just those written here.
The tournament was organized by the All India Chess Control Board in collaboration with the Meghalaya Chess Association.
In the wake of the above conclusions on various issues emanating from the competing contentions, the challenged projected against the power of the Syiems and their Durbars as involved in the related proceedings is rejected….
