Ahraham Khan is the husband of Metilda Muktieh and has five children, four sons and one daughter.
The wheels of the vehicle were shattered when the BJP members turned around and struck the vehicle.
Mootyrshiah, Kyrwen and others and found that these villages have benefited a lot from this scheme such as footpaths, village roads, drinking water supply, water wells and others.
The NPP has been accused by the BJP Meghalaya, which is also an ally of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), in GHADC. this state.
In the second leg, SWO Moosianglamare Old beat Ryntihlang SC Brichyrnot 3-1
The tournament was held at Madaw Chai (Thangraiñ) in the presence of the Secretary, Bah Loadstar Nongjngi, Samla Daeimi Liam, President of Shilliang Myntang Circle, leaders and members of KSU Thangraiñ Unit and others. invitees welcome.
What was most encouraging about this competition was the participation of many women poets.
The state government has also planned to increase the number of buses at district headquarters like Jowai, Tura, Williamnagar and other cities.
The drivers said that if those taxis without licenses do not operate, Shillong will become cleaner and there will be no need to operate odd and even.
In the final match of Group-D and Group-C of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) which was held on July 5, 2013, Chipakkore beat Chipakkore FC 9-2 Wasa FC and Mawten beat Lumdiengngan 3-0
The visit was led by the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
He said that at this time the indigenous people of the state should wake up and fight against the rule of the iong (mother government).
Assam police have arrested Sujit Paul and seized two coal trucks from Beltola on Tuesday night.
The contest between Bison and former Mowkiaw MLA from the NPP, Robinus Syngkon.
In the final of the girls' category, Bhoirymbong Block beat Umling Block by a tie-breaker.
One of the decisions taken was to authorize the CEM KHADC to convene a meeting of all the political party leaders to discuss issues related to the Khadar System especially the Government Bills.
If we discuss our Christian journey and look at the Word of God, it explains and makes us understand more clearly how if we lack teachings we can be deceived.
There is a Finance Commission which oversees the financial matters without discrimination.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has decided to continue to declare Micro Containment Zones in some villages. There are many Longiing in different parts of Ri Bhoi.
Out of the 242 residents, 168 are students of RIMS, 37 of CAU, 7 of Manipur University and 4 of National Sports University.
This is called Human Resource Management or the appointment of employees according to the needs of the company.
At the same time, Bah Pala recalled the good deeds and achievements of the Congress government and called on the party members to spread these achievements of the Congress to the people.
Shillong, Nailar 23: As the days go by, the conductors of four buses, seem to have forgotten and taken advantage of the passengers after they don't distribute the slips as they used to do.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong, 11: Five villages in the Langja area on Saturday, through the village headmen, held a public meeting at Umthlu, one of the villages in the Langja area.
S.Nagarajan, Admin Head of the Dear Lottery, said that as of now, the same lottery will be held in Shillong, Jowai. Tura and other states within Meghalaya.
Ricaldus Iawphniaw, one of the elders of the Catholic Church in Mairang, said that about 10,000 members of the Catholic Church, especially those from the Sub District, took part in the march. Find Umiong.
She said she will visit other districts in the coming days.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29: The Joint Action Committee (RBYDSO), RBYF, HYC, HITO and AMKA together with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Marmaiñ Area today lodged a complaint with the DC of Ri-Bhoi District. Sacred Heart Secondary School Marmaiñ, one of the schools near the border with Assam and also the Mission Schools in the area, has been arrested.
Of this, 6.20 million units are used daily and 3.75 million units are used for power banking which is taken during the dry season from November to July or June every year.
This Kong is very different compared to other residents, she doesn't participate, participate or work with the village for that reason she accuses us as the village without being able to show evidence. fine.
Mawlynnong Fighters won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 98/7 in 20 overs.
East Jaintia Hills Police have seized 10.16 kilograms of Crystal Meth from a man named Lalhmunsanga from Mizoram.
The chief guest who attended the meeting was Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, O Lamin nominated MDC as the chief guest. MSSDS Lambormi Suchen and others.
"Please respond to the request for clarification within seven days from the date of sending of this letter on the reason why you cannot be punished for violating the rules of the party's constitution," he said. said.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 19: The Right to Information Act (2005) is one of the laws passed by the Central Government for the benefit of the public. residents throughout the country.
The Society Security Scheme, Meghalaya UNITE (Meghalaya Unorganized Sector Training and Empowerment Scheme) for 2.8 lakh employees in unrecognized sectors by providing training, health care, life insurance and payment of Provident Fund.25% increase in health, education, death, marriage and food allowances to the disabled under the Meghalaya Building and Construction Workers' Welfare Board.
He was speaking on the desire of the Police Department to upgrade the battalion to the 7th and 5th battalions.
No disturbances shall be created, but the decision of the people shall be accepted.
The KSU and the Thangrain Village Leader said that this will be the last time and if the contractor does not build the road properly, they will take another firm decision, said KSU Publicity Secretary Lamdaki. Myrrh.
Out of these 148 batteries, 107 batteries have been destroyed to extract copper and lead and packed in dewbilat bags to be sold to Kamrimganj or Assam.
The acquisition of land by the army to set up military units in many parts of Meghalaya has put the people in conflict with the insults and violence by their protectors.
The Seng Khasi Sohiong, in its discussions, has often sought ways and means to get back its own house.
“We have lodged seven FIRs against these arrested persons including government officials, police and BDO Jirang at Nongpoh police station,” said Bah Vivek.
However, as of now, the names of the candidates from these three constituencies cannot be announced because the time has not yet come.
Hispreaching, who won the mid-term MDC election from Nongkrem, has joined the People Democratic Front (PDF) but this is the fourth time in 10 years that he has joined the NPP. Speaking to reporters, after receiving the membership forms at the NPP office, Bah Hispreaching said that as in the past 40 years, Nongkrem has not received an MLA from the NPP. The answer from the MLA is that nothing can be done because he is not in power.
Two Trinamool Congress leaders who joined the crowd and tried to cause trouble have also been identified by the police and have now fled the scene.
These five departments, compared to June to November, increased by only 3 percent, while in the same month last year, it was 5.9 percent.
From the time of its establishment, the church was known as the Pamra Church until 1989 when it was converted into the Wapung Presbyterian Church with the approval of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod.
666 is the number of the first beast.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Rodric Nongrum, Block Development Officer Umling C&RD Block as the chief guest, Bah Ores Syngkli, Rangbah Shnong, Bah Clement Lyngdoh. , Village Secretary, Bah Lambok Rymbai, Organizing Secretary and others.
On 10th June last year, the Legislative Assembly set up a High Power Committee to find a site which finalized the proposal to build the new Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : U BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak, has urged the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak to look into the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission in Garo Hills including the villages under the Jal Jeevan Mission. constituency of the Minister.
He said that this shows that there is something wrong.
Regarding the incident ha Umwali, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the Meghalaya government is preparing and calling for talks with the Assam government to stop such incidents. among the border residents of both states.
He said that many of those people who own land in this village, do not come out to cut down the trees which the village informs them.
According to the residents of the hostel, many unpleasant incidents have occurred in the residence of the MDCs, and the reason is because of the opportunity for foreigners to come and fight. inside the hostel with the participation of the residents of this hostel.
The Assam Petroleum Maz Door Union (AMPU) has announced to end its strike after the Meghalaya government promised to listen and take action on their grievances.
Dhoni has set many records as India's most successful ODI and T20I captain, and India's most successful ODI captain.
She said that teachers should be skilled as they are the backbone of the country to shape the future of the children who are the future.
“As a candidate who has decided to contest the 2023 election, I would like to clarify the news that Nangbah Village has decided to support Ma Lakhon Biam at the Dorbar Shnong held on 19th November
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Minister of Social Welfare and Working President of the MPCC, Deborah Marak, has denied that there are differences of opinion within the Congress party.
Police have arrested the PSO of Kyrmen, BNC/1048 Thmubait I Dhar, along with two of his friends, Chanky Lhuid (26) of Ialong and Deibormi Lyngdoh. 28) They were taken to the court and handed over to the police for 3 days for questioning.
He said that the government should take care to install disinfectant equipment in the crematorium, including the crematorium, before and after the cremation. same.
He also talked to the students of the college.
Police suspect that these cows were stolen and police have recovered all the cows from the scene.
Shillong: The Union Government has reinstated the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act after rejecting the amendments to the Principal Act,
Agha Samiullah, Deputy Commissioner of Kachhi district, told reporters that while the vehicle carrying the troops was passing through, At Kambri Bridge, a robber came to attack the truck and suddenly a strong explosion occurred causing the death and injury of several soldiers.
“There is no need to insert the word except or exempt because the Constitution of the country has already empowered the District Councils and there should be no concern or doubt because the issuance of the notice is only to empower them. Judicial Magistrates in the District Session Courts and there will be no impact on the District Council Courts,” he said.
The Top 12 players of this tournament will be selected to represent the district in the 46th State 'A' Chess Championship 2023 to be held at Ri-Bhoi District, Umsning on 14th and 15th November. 2023.
In Meghalaya, the number of suicides has also increased and in 2008 and 2009, the number of suicides was 85 and
) and Prof Sanjay Deshmukh as Doctor of Science (Hon.D.Sc.
Nongpoh: Two Village Leaders of Patharkhmah area, Bah Najim Kharmalki, Rangbah Shnong Patharkhmah and Bah Active Pator, Rangbah Shnong, have been arrested. They have sent a letter to Dr. TV Manjunnathan, Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya and in charge of the Power Department in the state.
The clear message to the government is that it should implement the Influx Mechanism or the Ban Act on the Entry of Mynder into the State to protect the people,” said KSU President Bah Daniel Khyriem. This reporter feels about the progress of the survey of the railway line in Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi.
Many educated people especially from the city look down on the villagers but they don't know that the villagers are stupid,” said Bhalang.
The decision of the SKRS to continue the issuance of syrnod to the residents comes after the High Court of Meghalaya ruled that Rangbah Shnongs can no longer issue syrnod.
When it comes to peace, the government has been able to bring peace especially by bringing the HNLC to the peace talks table.
Because it is said that the violence against women makes them refrain from such incidents as they witness from time to time.
The party also congratulates various associations from the region, who have taken the initiative to produce children to participate in the Meghalaya Games.
On the 21st of this month, the state government has promised to release Rs 122 crore for the payment of four months salary to 12,541 teachers. SSA after they decided to protest by sleeping on the streets.
It is on this basis that the Board has decided to temporarily suspend the quarrying at Riat Ryngngain.
In the third match, Wanmi Kyndait scored the goals for Sohmynting Dongnein in the 25th & 29th minutes and Salan Lyngdoh in the 67th minute.
This is true, because the birth of Jesus Christ to earth was not for the sake of entertainment but to save others.
“Also, Abhijit Sharma, Mission Director of YesEarth Youth Corps, expressed his pride in what they have achieved through the cleaning of the river for the protection of the environment.
Raphael Warjri, producer of the film, said that the story of the film is based on the story of Tiewlarun and many parts of the film were shot in parts of the area. Mawkyrwat.
The land owners and shopkeepers have expressed their regret over the actions of the residents of Nongspung B who have forcibly taken over their land and have received information that they have to demolish their shops and residences. For decades through the order of the KHADC, they have also expressed that they will not back down and will stand against the corrupt attempt of Nongspung B and Untyrnga to forcibly occupy the land and will not allow their rights shall be violated.
Social media from around the world was shocked to see these pictures.
Although the turnout was very low in the first two hours of the polling which was only 14.63 percent till 9 pm, it increased later as time went by.
B.MukhimThe National Register of Citizens (NRC) is a register or record in which the names of all citizens of India are recorded.
It was like a suggestion to the Prime Minister.
The CM also expressed his special thanks to the Government of India especially the Minister of Education for his support to Meghalaya in all steps.
Shillong, June 17: Thousands of residents of Garo Hills on Saturday took part in the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) rally in Williamnagar, Meghalaya. East Garo Hills.
At that time, a young man named Justin Lyngdoh, went to help the Heprit by lifting her out of the water to Ryngkew.
It is reported that in the past years, many of the participants of the Met Gala have refused to pay a high price for any clothes made of animal skins just to adorn themselves and to beautiful to take part in this visit.
He said that during the meeting, the JE also admitted that there is a network failure in the area and the reason is due to the power outage. The BSNL office in Sangriang village has not been able to pay the electricity bill to MeECL for the past few months. The engineer said that the BSNL office has already paid the electricity bill of the tower to the MeECL office and they still have to wait until MeECL leaves. He also promised that in the coming months he will restore the network as usual.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah promised to consider the proposal to compare the performance of MCCL with the factories in Jaintia Hills.
Vitamin B3 has been tested in people with staphylococcal infections, such as MRSA (Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus Aureus), which is a serious and fatal disease.
Lamphrang Kharbani President of HANM urged the contractors to use the public money properly and to complete the project on time as directed by the government.
The Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), Gurjit Singh, on June 21, 2013, said that the MDA 2.0 government has been misleading the people of the state regarding the Speaking to reporters, Gurjit Singh said, “They have announced the eviction of the Harijans from Them Ïew Mawlong, but where will they evict them? , “The blueprint that the government has submitted to us shows that they will build a 7-storey building but there are many shortcomings in this proposal. Bishop Cotton Road is located in the area where there is no Municipal office, but there is a quarter, where the employees of various departments are still staying”.
After the incident, all the injured were taken to CHC Mawkyrwat. 11 people were injured in the incident, while 2 of them were seriously injured including the driver of the vehicle. They were immediately taken to Shillong for better treatment,” said a police source.
Syria and Iran have blamed Israel for the attack in the city last month.
The Congress leaders, along with the call for down dowm Modi and Amit Shah, also carried placards reading, 'Democracy is in danger', which means that democracy is in danger and needs to be protected. the freedom of india.
Of course, the Garo doesn't have the right to be the Rangbah Shnong because the Khasi can't be the nokma.
On the other hand, the in charge also expressed his regret regarding the lack of salary for six months and the lack of electricity for more than two years.
At the time of writing, no meeting with these MDCs has been conducted to confirm but sources have confirmed that the work will go smoothly.
The incident happened at the Shuri River near Madan Lyntad in Ri Sawkur, a village above Nongshyrngan below Pynursla.
John wrote this in 95 AD by revelation from God.
The complainant said that the report sent by the NHAI shows that there are some problems that need to be addressed by the state government.
The meeting was attended by the Sordar of Smit Pyllun, Bah Marbat Kharbyngar, KSU Central Executive Council Leaders Raymond Kharjana, In-charge Easter Central and KSU CEC, Donald V. Thabah, GS, KSU CEC, Kheinkor Kharngi and others.
I don’t know who they will vote for, you don’t even need to tell them who to vote for, let others do that.
The opposition MLA also asked the Government what it will do against the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills who has given permission to hold such empty festivals in front of the road which has affected the traffic. The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, has not been able to provide the necessary measures to resolve the problems at the traffic jam, especially after it was seen in the footage that one of them The police are also involved in the distribution of prizes at the festival.
In fact, the playgrounds are cleaner and more spacious in the countryside than in the city or suburbs.
Conrad said that all these six areas have been resolved and also through the use of resources in collaboration with the Survey of India in the presence of the members. of all four states.
By Mr. Robert June Kharjahrin.
Shillong, Nailar 10: Residents near Nazareth Hospital, Shillong, said that there was a loud noise at Laitumkhrah Police Point near Nazareth Hospital. A team of police, together with bomb disposal police, who were well prepared and fired exactly as if there had been a real bomb blast, has shocked and frightened the people around the area. fled farther.
Meanwhile, Nehemaya Tyngkan congratulated all the former supporters of the UDP who came to join the Congress Party for their full support.
At the same time, he informed that the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) is now in force across the country.
Besides many other sites, the Committee found that the site now called Upper Shillong is suitable for use as an office for public works and the site at Ïewduh will be used as a military base. Europeans who have retired or are no longer able to work with the military.
Gokhale recently sent a letter to the State Government on the delay in the implementation of the Shillong Smart City, the purchase of vehicles by the Police Department and the damage to roads across the state.
But the fire went out quickly.
When asked about the party's preparation for the upcoming elections in Sohiong, the TMC leader said that as the party is new, it needs time to prepare itself first. The election will be held on the 10th of June.
Thus, it can be said that the best school is the home which is God's purpose to teach the young, and the home is like the parents want that home to be. .
The child was tied up by the man for picking up a flower from the garden at Lum Dorbar in Upper Lumparing on Thursday evening.
About 4047 ad-hoc and deficit schools in the state have been affected by the absence of teachers.
All three speakers encouraged the participants to start their own business and not to waste the training they have received.
In fact, the problem is that those who have become addicted to drugs have been arrested and placed in rehab centers to return to a new life.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Pastor PBM Ba Saiawmoit has written to the Prime Minister of India, demanding the repeal of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act, 1958 (AFS PA). , which was passed by Parliament on 18th July 1958 and implemented in the various States of Nagaland, Tripura, Manipur and Jammu and Kashmir, for the fight against terrorism.
Bah Kitboklang said that as the foundation of the party is to protect and preserve the land and culture of the country and the nation, on the 28th of July, this year, the They met with the CEM, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, and urged him to issue a rule to all the Syiems under the KHADC not to appoint Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong to those who are not. If they can hold the village posts, perhaps the time will come when they will say that they are ready to go to Assam.
“Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved” Acts 4:1
With the resignation of these two MLAs, the 60-member Assembly has now 49 members.
After the meeting, the residents and village leaders of Maikhuli went to put up another signboard at the fish pond which was admitted to fall into Assam. The fish pond is located in Meghalaya.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, A. Baranwal, IAS, said that many people take alcoholic beverages to escape the problems of being forced.
The chief speaker at the meeting was Dr. Andrew Ahoto, one of the leaders and Bah JR Myrboh Secretary of MYCA Shillong.
On the other hand, Bah Fridius Riangjong, one of the residents of the area, said that this road is very important for the people of the area and there are about five villages that will benefit. through the construction of this road.
On the other hand, Dr DD Lapang urged all the students to succeed in their studies in any field and grade and expects the students at the university to reach the highest level of education. thong as they wish in their lives.
She said that those found violating the law will be punished.
Speaking on the occasion, Pala said that the party is not new but it is worse now because older MLAs, such as Prestone Tynsong, have left the party. Mr. Sniawbalang Dhar, Mr. Ngaitlang Dhar and Mr. Rowel Lyngdoh.
When inquired from the visitors of Meghalaya House, they said that the contractor is no longer new but has been running the canteen since 2013 without any legal contract. Khasi has worked before the contractor has entered the Meghalaya House.
After that, the Lyngdoh agreed to suspend the ceremony by requesting to allow the Seng Khasi to perform their rituals.
This is because the struggle is based on the future of our children in the land of Hynniewtrep.
With this victory, Skhentalang SC will play against Pdengkarong YC in the final match which will be announced later.
The breath comes from God and in Genesis 1:2 we read- “...and the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters”.
The drugs seized are worth more than T.2 crore.
He said that the UDP's decision to join the PDF shows that it does not want to become an Administrator in KHADC. “What is the problem with the numbers there, it is very different from the Assembly,” he said.
There are now more than 30,000 applicants for this scheme.
Since 1976, there have been acts related to alcohol, but there have been no regulations and rules to protect alcohol consumers.
He must also have a humble spirit because wisdom depends on humility, honor goes before humility and the fruit of humility is the great treasure of life.
It is all about getting knowledge from abroad.
Pakistan is a Muslim country, Bangladesh is a Muslim country, Iran is a Muslim country, we will be like Pakistan, anyone who believes in other religions will be illegal.
Additional SP (Traffic) East Khasi Hills, Loyal Airfield Kharbyngngar and others were present on the inspection.
The tournament was opened by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Khroobok Passah in the presence of WJDSA leaders and members.
They also had the opportunity to wash their hands and feet at Wahrew, one of the cleanest places in Khasi Hills.
Shillong, June 05 : The State Government has decided to allow those students who have missed their examinations due to the sudden storm yesterday which has reached the limit. many roads were completely destroyed.
In 2022, according to the police census, there were 205 road accidents in Meghalaya in which 138 people lost their lives and 212 were injured.
Mawkyrwat, July 29: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued these guidelines for the information of the public so that the public can think and be vigilant during the rainy season. heavy rain, wind, thunder and lightning to escape tragic events.
He said that the Sports Department has prepared a scheme to build 8 Futsal courts with lights to play in the evening. Therefore, the Minister has decided to set up one Futsal court in Jowai so that the Youngsters will be able to take part in such a game (7-A-Side) and at the same time they will be free from bad habits because even the retired players of the state have been ready to become the Academy.
However, the next day, it was reported that Roy Kupar Synrem had been elected as the Secretary of the Shella Dorbar, Stephan Ropmay as Asstt Secretary and Johnstelin as Asstt Secretary. Youroin as Treasurer for the year 2019-2
Alia, who is a close friend of Deepika, is delighted to have represented India at the event and also to be able to announce Naatu Naatu.
At the same time, Fr.Peter Syiemlieh sent his condolences to the families of all the seven deceased and prayed that God will be with them at this sad time. May God grant eternal rest to these faithful of the Catholic Church who have lost their precious souls.
During the French rule, the Hima ceremony and shad were held at Nongkrem.
The announcement came in 2020, after there was a proposal to build a shopping mall in Barik on the site of the park.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today lifted the ban on mining coal miners and dealers (JCMDA) on Tuesday. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned coal mining in Meghalaya from 17th June
Police have charged them under sections 341,307, 384, 325, 506 and 34 IPC. After being brought before the court, the court has remanded them under sections. Judicial Custody for 14 days.
The death toll has risen to 130 in Uttarakhand, with 52 deaths.
At the same time, he explained to the farmers that this is not a harvest but a correction because there is a lack of understanding.
The 60 years were not the end of the ministry of the King, but they were only milestones.
This incident happened mostly on the road from Civil Hospital, Shillong to Upper Shillong.
He questioned why it cannot work with the state government.
Shillong, July 29: The BJP government under the leadership of Narendra Modi will celebrate Farmers' Awakening Week from 9th July 2013 on Tuesday. 1st through October 15th.
Bah Mayralborn Syiem, as the chief guest, said that the foundation stone laying ceremony was held to inform the public that the construction of the new building of the school will start soon. Through this programme, the public will also receive clear information regarding the construction of this school building which is in dire need of rebuilding the school building which has been destroyed and burnt down.
Earlier, Bah Chyne said that the Meghalaya House in Guwahati was very sad because it was destroyed.
The president of FKJGP, North Khasi Hills District, said that the party has received information that the district as a whole still lacks police to maintain peace and order. Therefore, the union demands that the state government should appoint an ASP on this issue to bring peace and stability in all areas.
One is that over the years the number of vehicles has increased significantly and the other is because of the presence of schools only in the parts of the city which are adjacent to the biggest market in the state.
The basic teaching of the Christian Church is that eternal life is a life of peace, a life without suffering and death in Heaven.
She said that when opposing or demanding, it should be done according to the principles.
This is a top priority issue to consider and develop solutions.
On the other hand, Ma C Langbang, Assistant Secretary Waheh Shnong Khad Ar Nor, Shangpung District, said that after the death of (L) Wenly Dhar, the Khad Ar Nor district has elected the Acting Doloi. the District Council.
It is surprising that the seven Ministers of Purno have finally taken a bold decision to resign as Ministers and to support the unity of Hill State leaders like Bah PR Kyndiah, BB Lyngdoh, Stanley Nichols Roy, GGSwell, Hopingstone Lyngdoh and others.
At the same time, the union has decided to provide support to those who are in trouble in the middle of the road, whether they are drivers, as well as passengers, whether it is night or day, if they have any problems in the middle of the road. KSU President Laitphar Synkrem said that the KSU has not been able to provide any information to the KSU leaders.
The JSU has demanded that the DMHO should build this sub center so that it can provide services to the residents.
Shillong: The NEHU Inter College Cricket Tournament 2018-19 organized by the Sports Department of North Eastern Hill University started today at the Multi-Purpose Ground of NEHU Permanent Campus, Shillong.
This is the reason which led the committee to take the initiative to inspect the school and to take the decision of closing down the school for the time being.
It doesn't matter because human nature makes us like that.
“According to the report, the drainage system in the stadium has been blocked," he said.
“We are also in the process of setting up Cinema Halls in each district.
In Pynursla Civil Sub Division, the flag raiser was Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoiñ and 14 groups took part in the parade.
Fever.
Two goals from Ricky Kharkongor (39 min) and Mewankyrshan Nongrum (57 min) ensured the victory.
Adilbert's statement was supported by the Opposition MDC and Sohra MDC Donevan Kharwanlang, who said that these companies who use the wells of Shillong to clean up the city The good news is that their companies have only received permission from the PWD department and the NOC from the Municipal.
I said that they should not change but after the elections in Sohiong, who knows if they will be changed.
The women were identified as Jasmine Sangma, 45, and Ritima Sangma, 40, residents of Bholabita.
Regarding the other demands, the Vice Chancellor said that they will be implemented gradually one by one.
He also blessed the MFA and the Mawkyrwat Village Council to have the spirit of preserving the surrounding areas and especially through the release of fish seeds they will see the number of fish again. and to do so requires the cooperation of all sides.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall in parts of West Jaintia Hills District, has caused the rise of rivers in the area.
Many of the training programs included the opening of the Society Computer and Tailoring Centre, as well as an orientation program to provide training to all the participants.
Bah Sohtun was a member of KHADC from 2009 to
In this regard, the Federation Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Nongstoin Circle has also met and lodged a complaint with the Secretary of PWD (R&B) Shillong for the completion of the construction. he is the source.
The Minister of Finance today announced the measures and initiatives taken by the Government to revive the income and trade of India.
Administration and Math.22: 15 – 22; Mark.12: 13 – 17; Luke 20: 20-26.
Students of Riwar College Pynursla carried placards with the words of the Constitution of India while taking part in the song and dance. Pynursla Civil Sub-Division Office on 26th July, 2024 at Urksew Wahpathaw Square, Pynursla.
His legendary service to the team has also earned him the FIH Coach of the Year award in
Dhaka, November 15: Up to 154 candidates have been elected unopposed in the MP elections to be held on the 5th of this month due to lack of candidates.
He urged the youth not to wait for government jobs, but to think how to create jobs like the plastic shoe factory, which can create jobs for others and help the economy. environment.
All these five persons are from Rymbai village.
On the other hand, Bah D.Shylla, SDO PWD Nongpoh Division, who was present on the occasion, promised that the PWD department will take action to improve the road. The government has not been able to completely clean the road which needs to be improved as demanded by the people.
He said the party has not yet sat down to think about this but it has a plan.
“It's meaningless to allege that those high levels are not able to provide information and names so that the government can take the necessary action according to the law,” said Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
On the other hand, the government has a plan to build an overbridge to make it more convenient for the passengers but the most difficult thing is that they have not received land from the land owners.
The reason is that their customs and traditions are opposite to ours.
He said that the purpose of the revision of the price of musur is to keep pace with the times.
Pyndap Bareh of Rymbai Wahshnong scored the first goal in the 42nd minute.
The program covers all producers not only those involved in farm and livestock farming but also those working in the fields of agriculture and handicrafts.
In a letter sent to the MCA to announce his decision to retire from the sport, Sanvert congratulated the sports federation for giving him the opportunity to lead the state and the federation. .
Sumer said that there are tens of thousands of vendors in the market, but those who came to the market on Tuesday were only hundreds of vendors, not more than 200 vendors. “There are only a few of the people who have turned to KHADC who are market residents while others are those who have come from other places,” he said. “Only a few of them are farmers, others are people from other places,” said Bah Sumer, who did not name them. There is a rumor that these people may have been collected from the constituency of Bah Ardent.
Elut Phawa said that this morning they received information from the owner of the house that they were staying in the house and that they were sent out of the house. who don't have any more parents.
The Director General of DGCD&HG, Kong I.Nongrang said that although there is a shortage of personnel but as an organization they have been working closely with the district authorities and the authorities of the DGCD&HG. state to ensure timely delivery of assistance to the people.
“My life has been very happy since I took the sati synjat from my hand”, he said, admitting that the sati synjat has been a blessing in his life.
However, I don't believe it, I wrote in this group 'who is Bah Lam or Bah Lam', some of my friends have explained that Bah Lam has passed away. at Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
The President of the SKSR-12 Daloi, Rgh Wom Chyrmang, conducted the meeting and laid a wreath at the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah at the ground floor of the SKSR-12 Daloi office. President of SKSR-12 Daloi together with Rgh Wom Chyrmang, President of SKSR-12 Daloi and followed by the laying of wreaths by the Mukhla and Muthlong Daloi.
James said the government will not talk to any party or group, but will provide adequate assistance to those who have returned to surrender.
Brightster Wel said that the woman who was injured has only one son.
On the 9th, Rangkynsai will play against MLP, on the 10th, Spartan will play against NFU. On the 12th, Raj Bhavan will play against Langsning CC, on the 13th, Nongmensong will play against Sporting. Royal against United XI on the 15th, Sunrise against Nongmensong on the 15th and Rangkynsai against Langsning on the 16th among others.
In the year 2023-2024, the Council has collected T.6,20,000 from Byrnihat Market, T.3,20,000 from Laitlyngkot Market and T.3,20,000 from Mawïong Regulated Market. T.5,30,000.
Police have congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongpdeng and the Seng Samla who have joined hands to arrest these drug traffickers.
“This case is still under investigation to track down the members of the LRO and prosecute them,” said Bah Tynsong.
At the end of the ceremony, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh was the chief guest in the presence of EC Benny, Vice Principal of Ri Bhoi College, teachers and others. and students.
Nongpoh, July 27: Police of Khanapara Police Outpost today recovered the body of an elderly man from a quarry at 9 mer Baridua.
The truck immediately after colliding with the Maruti car, turned away without stopping at all which caused the driver of the Maruti car to lose his way. just look at the license plate number of the truck.
The 18-year-old member was identified as Chibok Ch Marak, who was shot dead in an exchange of fire between the GNLA and police in Bangongre village near Williamnagar.
He said that the supporters and party office bearers from Nongstoin constituency have already issued a statement and he does not feel it is necessary to speak at length on this issue.
One of the roads in the area which has been badly damaged is the road from Mawdiang to Langdongdai, which was constructed under the 100 days scheme.
:The Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) today 8th November, 2023 held an awareness workshop on Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) at Aspirational Block at SGSY Hall Umling C&RD Block, Ri Bhoi District.
Let's look at the following candidates: Professor Mawkon Nongjri, East Khasi Hills District.
The tournament was divided into Sub-Junior, Junior, Senior (under-23) and Elite (above-23) for men and women.
Journalist, Editor of Daily Daindeen Barta, Nang Anjana Gogoi, Advisor to Dauboria Barta, Mr.Sukleswar Nath, Smt.
However, if the Assembly Constituencies are created through the new delimitation, the number of MLAs in Meghalaya will increase to 70 in the 2023 Assembly elections.
The program will also help the Association to prepare the team for the upcoming Ranji Trophy cricket tournament, where three of the matches will be held in Shillong this month. come.
Kunjana Mu-Miang, a participant from Thailand who used to participate in such markets, expressed her happiness to be able to come back to this beloved city.
If that is the case, where will the good, the strong and where will the society go?"
People walking and standing witnessed the crematorium in the middle of the road.
Therefore, he appealed to the people to attend the celebration and to support each other who can build a better society.
“The people have seen and experienced in all the elections in the past years the political parties, we can no longer shake hands with each other.
Dr. David O Tariang, Medical Superintendent of the hospital, said that the reason for the confusion among the people is that they do not receive proper explanation and many of them misunderstand the benefits they receive from the hospital. scheme.
If the land owner does not receive the money, we should find out who the district administration has given the money,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Only those who are skilled in climbing high places can reach them without anyone's help.
Now from the places of worship in the spirit of solidarity, various religious leaders have to turn their churches or places of worship into hospitals for the health of the people of the country.
Shillong, June 2 : The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs, has been signed by the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah's country on 29th October 2022 has become increasingly severe especially after the release of the list of villages and places that have been transferred to Assam.
At the meeting, the group also agreed to the suggestion of Bah John that he will arrange a meeting with the heads of the Labor Department of the Meghalaya Government to discuss how to work together. Students from ITI / Poytechnic and others in Meghalaya can take this opportunity to come forward and work hard to reach these jobs.
According to the order issued by the District Magistrate, two Non FIR Cases have been submitted to the Executive Magistrate and a bond under Section 107 has been signed. CrPC to the Waheh Shnongs of these two villages by promising not to create any trouble.
“Anyone can join the BJP but it should be with the knowledge of the party in the state and the party,” he said.
He explained about the inspection from pillar 1251 – 1272 where many lab sites have been transferred to Bangladesh under the 2011 protocol.
The DC also commended the RSM for conducting this survey which is a milestone for better performance.
In this match, Mu Khim tried to score from time to time but was saved by Pynbhalang goalkeeper Rishanki Syngkon.
However, without thinking, the state government has allowed the bridge and along the river to be owned by Assam.
Recently, the Forum had met with one of the senior officers of the department and he promised to implement these thew centers from the 21st of this month but the work did not match the words spoken. .
M.A.Challam Extra Assistant Commissioner-612775699Bah W.Kharbuli Extra Assistant Commissioner-6909909840Kong C.Syiem Inspector of Supply- 7005692595Ma R.D.Pakynteiñ E.E.4h)PW3D-1South 9D (Ma Shangpung North Division-
Bah Raphael Warjri spoke on the Khasi belief in the importance of writing and the importance of clean products.
Kharbani (9) led Meghalaya from 44 runs for the loss of six wickets to 84 runs for the loss of seven wickets.
Of course, no one can know and understand the truth, but as responsible citizens, we feel that we need to know about these things that can be prevented and benefited. for your rights.
At this meeting, the Committee also decided to urge all the Rangbah Shnongs to take action to bring about a clean and fair election.
Shillong, July 1: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ricky Nelson Syiem, has denied the allegation by the Shillong Municipal Board that the garbage in Motphran is due to the dumping and dumping of garbage by people from Iewduh.
It is for this reason that they have no sense of responsibility for this state and the people of Meghalaya.
In addition, we are concerned about the rural and urban areas because there are programs implemented by the Municipal or Urban Affairs Department.
He said that in the past 15 years, BSNL has visited the most polluted areas in Oakland, near the Chief Minister's House, and in Rynjah Colony. When asked which parts of Shillong are the most polluted, he said that the most polluted areas are those areas where there are rivers, the most prominent is the Wah Umkhrah. said.
The two teams have reached the final after they have qualified for the tournament through their own competition and have reached the goal for the final by being able to win. They played well in the previous rounds but the way the player of the country played was much better until he won.
She said that the people of Garo Hills have done many things for her family, whose late husband has entrusted to his children to work for the people of Garo Hills. re-lum Garo.
It is interesting to know that the MCTO& DA has decided not to pay the tax to the KHADC until the KHADC approves its working plan regarding the gates. collect taxes from me.
I congratulate the people who have elected me four times as MLA and once as MDC because of their love and trust,” said Bah Paul.
After taking six wickets and 41 runs, Ben Haden was named Player of the Match and Gupta, who took 33 wickets, was named Player of the Tournament.
These leaders were welcomed by the District President of NPYF East Khasi Hills, Bah Khraw Sohkhlet in the presence of the President and leading leaders of NPYF Pynursla on Saturday at the office. work with the party.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District under the leadership of the President, Bah Hercules Suting and Secretary, Bah Tony Shylla together with the members today led a campaign to ban the cement vendors in Ri Bhoi District. in Nongpoh that they should no longer sell CementTopcem.
This increase in pollution in our surroundings has even shocked the Government of India.
On the other hand, MS Rao urged the Assam government and the health department to thoroughly examine all those who enter the state in order to prevent the spread of the corona virus.
Even medicines have labels that prohibit pregnant women or children from taking them.
Shillong: The Thangskai Dorbar Shnong has issued a statement on 19th March 2019, saying that it supports Star Cement for the public hearing to mine coal in Brishyrnot Village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The MIYF on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the patriotic spirit of the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Nailar 24 : The Minister in charge of Public Health and Engineering (PHE), Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Monday said that the government will send for the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) in the state. to audit the authorities who have the authority to do this work.
Speaking to media after leaving the office, Dy.SP Babu Birbor said that the police have invited them to testify to their allegation that the police are using them. and also to ask for witnesses on the throwing of tear gas by the police and also on the injury of some teachers by the teacher.
Speaking on Mission Indradhanush 5.0, Dr. R. Laloo said that the aim of the mission is to provide vaccine and full dose to all children between 0-23 months, as well as to those who have not completed the full dose.
SP Office won the match by 65 runs and Morningstar Khongwir was named man of the match.
They must be literate and must not be Rangbah Shnong or Secretary Shnong or members of the Executive Committee of the village or center to which they apply.
Otaram has been appointed to the post under the BJP government in Rajasthan.
The WLC has been celebrated every year on the 8th of September since the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) declared it as World Literature Day. 1966.
“This is not new anymore.
I have no doubt that this action of ours has brought not only sorrow and grief, but also the shame of the family, the country and the nation as a whole.
We have 33 out of 100 shares for women and we want to set an example in this regard.
It is to be recalled that the VPP leaders who spoke in the Assembly made it clear that this demand does not mean to oppose or take away the land that the Garo people have received, but to restore the land. The rights of the youth of Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Guwahati: Assam Police today seized T.4.5 crore from two places in connection with the theft of question papers. on the appointment of Sub Inspector of Police, Assam.
This comes after Seinbhalang Shkentalang beat Amlarem Social Club 4-3 in the semi final match played at the Mini Stadium Ladjaplem, Amlarem on Tuesday. .
The Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.105 kilos per household at a price of T.12.70 to T.13.00 per kilo.
And Sr.
Lanong said the UDP has already sent a letter to the Chief Minister saying that it has not suggested to dismiss these policemen.
The UDP doesn't want to mushlia the NPP because it drinks milk and milk together, and in 2023 I hope and believe that the UDP will win only 2 seats or it may be defeated.
At the same time he joined All India Radio.
The opening match of the day was between Mawpynthih and Umlympung 12Mer and the match ended in a draw and 10 points.
He said that if they cut the 150 yards, it will affect the land of the paradoh parasnam who live in the area, especially those who live in agriculture and the border villages will lose their village boundary. .
KP Pangniang, President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Friday, said that the cooperation of the ethnic parties is not yet the time to discuss because it is too difficult to discuss at present. national organizations need to have a common understanding.
They said that the British Government has not only arrested Bormanik Syiem and his brothers, but has also threatened Bormanik Syiem that if he does not sign the relinquishment of the Raid, Joy Syiem, who died in Guwahati Jail, was sentenced to life imprisonment by the British Government. to pay a fine of T.5000 to the British Government.
The French as the rulers of the mynder have implemented this method of division and rule and perhaps from this time it has entered the minds of some of our brothers and sisters because perhaps they do not torture. to seek their own roots and sources of unity.
He said that if the authorities of the state fulfill their duties properly, there will be no need for foreign security forces to provide security and there will be no need for the court. to deal with this matter.
Firstborn Marbaniang was admitted to the Civil Hospital on 24th November 2020 for cancer and was admitted to the Covid Isolation ICU. November 2020 due to Covid-19 and cancer.
which has affected many young people who earn their living from the distribution of online purchases.
“Mukul's Benami Act is without any purpose and its intention to curb Benami is unacceptable,” he said.
We can see the revival as a nation, only if the man gets the place he should have, which God Himself has predestined.
If we had lost the race we wouldn’t have qualified this year.
He said that the food items and utensils have been taken from the shops in the village, so that the owners of the shops will not lose their livelihood and now they have also spoken to the shops that sell jhur. so that they can also deliver vegetables and meat to the villagers.
These 17 players have been recognized by the International Federation of Martial Arts Association (IFMA) after completing their OSM Level 1 training through the recent training course conducted by the United Martial Arts Association of India (UMAI). ) in Kerala, Trisurpur from 16th to 19th November
“We hope to improve the government department because it takes time to shape the department,” said Marak.
Ampareen, NPP Leader from East Shillong, was also present.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: The JSM Western Region today launched a new branch known as the JSM 7 Village Circle in West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the government has provided PPE to the people who visit these homes to protect them from this disease.
Besides the airfare, the KHADC has spent T.1,08,750 on the travel and food expenses of the three candidates. Syiemlieh, Secretary, EC of KHADC, received T.68,150 thousand and Bah RS Wanniang, Secretary, JT, EC, received T.17,400,0
Shiva Thapa from Assam, Amit Panghal from Services and Sanjeet from Services won the finals of 13 bouts.
Speaking to reporters in Madhya Pradesh's Khandwa district, Swamy said the image of Ganesha had been placed on the currency in Indonesia. “I see the need for the image of Goddess Lakshmi on Indian currency and this will help to increase the value of the Indian currency.
He added that other of his goals are to provide employment opportunities to the youth by improving education by providing adequate educational institutions, “If we have achieved only these four main issues, change has already come in this constituency,” he added. .
Police of Saipung and Khliehriat are still searching for the other suspects.
Of course, we who have become Christians no longer hold to the Christian custom, we still hold to the custom of the Khasi to give birth to our mother, even though we have followed the Christian religion.
This has seriously affected the knowledgeable, skilled and dependent farmers who earn their living from agriculture and livestock breeding.
“If it is true that the money they take to distribute to the people, the people will have to pay as it happened during the Congress rule and they will have to pay with interest. “They should be careful not to take this 5,000 because it is a debt that they have to pay back,” he said.
In order to achieve that goal, we need to turn to those groups and areas that have been completely neglected and try to raise them to the level of equality with others. which have risen.
It goes back to the time of Emperor Ashoka in the fourth century when Buddhism was introduced to Thailand from India.
In the Sub-Junior Cadet Girls -22kg category, Edaka Warjri won the silver medal, Ngibanylla Ïawim won the bronze medal and Rideiimaïa Ïakai won the bronze medal.
These foreign words have gradually replaced our own as Myllung KS Nongkynrih said in his poems “U Ren.
Besides, he said that the party will continue to monitor that the government should appoint the members and should set a time limit for the committee to complete so as not to delay the time.
Regarding the occasion, the village leaders in these villages who have been able to open these development projects, expressed their happiness when the villages have received such development projects, which has brought a lot of joy. change in the communities.
Dashngain Sukhalin led Niaw Wasa Utd to the win after scoring a hat-trick in the 9th, 60th and 70th minutes.
:In this video, it has been shown that these three official videos have reached more than 10 + million views.
“According to the soskular signed in 2014, the two states should consult with all government departments before bringing in development works within the border areas,” he added.
He said that according to the agreement, the post of Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly belongs to the UDP and he denied that there is no agreement on this, as it has been agreed by the NPP. the media.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, while talking to reporters, said that there are only three houses left which have to be closed down, and these will be completed on Tuesday.
This tournament has encouraged the children to showcase their football skills among other children.
On September 3, 1980, I picked up my wife and me from the Railway Station, Rome, and arranged for a hotel for us to stay.
Customize:In the Khasi custom, women now guard the village and arrest the drunkard and the troublemaker.
Although the SC and ST benefits will continue, the obvious signs shown by this decision are that the SC and ST benefits will soon end.
Also present were students, alumni, parents and members of the Sohiong Presbyterian Church.
The main roads in the city have been covered with snow and this has caused a lot of traffic jam, as the snow has covered the roads during the noon today.
He was pronounced dead on the morning of March 2, 2020 at about 2:45 pm.
The results in the MP and MDC elections will be the best.
Another candidate is Damewanhi L Rymbai of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) from Khliehriat Constituency.
But if you don’t want to waste your time and money,you can try some home remedies which are not only easy but also very helpful.
There have been 144 PILs from across India against the CAA filed in the Supreme Court.
Shillong, July 3: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem on Tuesday met with the Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shanmuganathan to discuss the outstanding Village Administration Bill. it has not been approved even to this day.
Roshan Warjri, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Titos W Chyne, MLA Sohra Constituency, Sirdar of Sohra Constituency were also present at the opening ceremony. Laitkynsew, Bah Modi Basaiawmoit, government officials, children of (L) Prof. GG Swell, Kong Lakyntiew Lyngdoh, son of Bah Modi Basaiawmoit, Wanpli Rajee, brother of Laitkynsew. the last of Bah Swell and others.
It can also be defined as the misuse of public power for personal gain by misleading or violating the laws of society" (1997:449).
Speaking after being sworn in as the new leader, Bah Dundee said that the FKJGP will continue to fight hard to achieve the demand for ILP which the people of the state have been demanding for a long time.
The Congress and other parties will try with the power of money, the power of groups and the power of some who work for the benefit of some groups, the people should not allow this. , he added.
Heikrujam Jacky Singh (Manipur) was defeated by Nguyen Duc Hoa (Vietnam).
He said that regarding the demand for ILP, the Council will also look into the rules and regulations of the Council whether there are any areas where the ILP of the Hima and Raids can be implemented. .
Jesus reminds us of this by saying, “When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place, (Matthew 24:15).
U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of North Shillong, said that his vote from the people of Them Ïew Mawlong shows that there are still people who see the position he stands for. for the benefit of all.
His visit to Delhi was unsuccessful because he did not have good talks with the British government officials, because of their needs and the demand of the Muslim League for independence for the Muslims living there. in Pakistan.
The reason why the Khasi organizations are excited, encouraged and expected is because they are based on the promotion of traditional customs and traditions, without affecting the traditional religion.
In the past decades, almost all the rivers in West Khasi Hills, although not fish sanctuaries, have been designated as fish sanctuaries. bun to the extreme extreme.
On this basis, the Seng has requested Bah Rymbui to take action so that peace and order can be restored in the state.
The statement said that there have been many complaints against commercial taxis, because they refuse to carry passengers and charge at a very low price.
Speaking to media on Saturday, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “I have not received the report from the management.
They said that they have already met with the Acting Principal of the college, where the college authorities have explained that there is no space left and it is crowded.
In the final category, Mylliem Block won the first prize and Mawphlang Block came second.
Can't the APHLC say that 'we have come to Delhi many times, and now the talks should be held in Shillong, because we too at this time are still busy with our own affairs. and that the APHLC leaders should not stay away from their country? Toi, the people, especially the youth of the country, feel that the time has come when the Rangbah APHLC, should be a little more strong like other people's leaders, like Tara Singh, Sang Fateh Singh, not to I don't speak any more languages.
Victory itself wants glory or selfishness that others should submit to while oneself should not be submissive to others and thinks only of one's own interests and not of society.
The Supreme Court of India has issued a judgment to confirm the implementation of the MMDR Act in Meghalaya.
The Supreme Court, comprising Justices Al Sikri and Abdul Nazeer, recently rejected the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya and ordered the state government to ban the illegal coal mining. by NGT since
He said the state government has taken steps to repair, improve and build more than 2500 LP & UP Schools in the coming years.
On the other hand, these singers and those who have taken part in the production of these two albums, urged the public to support them and that is to watch these songs. which has already been released on this Youtube Channel.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) President Dr WR Kharlukhi has denied rumors that the NPP leaders are not responsible for the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh in the upcoming MP elections. depth.
H.Nongpluh, Director General of Police (L&O) urged all to hold more such meetings to discuss how to improve the peace and order in Shillong. other.
The meeting was also attended by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Lahkmen Rymbui and Brolding Nongsiej.
Nongpoh: Speaking to the public in Mawhati Circle, Mawhati MLA Dasakhiatbha Lamare today distributed tin sopiing to 213 poor families in Mawhati Circle. He said that his main goal is to provide a good road from Umsning-Mawhati to Umsiang.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now started on the second day of the tournament between Thangsning SCC and Laitjem CC.
Sharp.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Shillong Circle (HYC) today conducted a Sier Lapalang Operation in Hynriewmer area under the leadership of Bah Francis Gee Mawlong General Secretary.
The fire that has burned must be extinguished so that even the smallest flame must be seen to have extinguished or died, otherwise the fire will revive in the wind, and you can destroy arshah.
Furthermore, through this inspection, the MLA of Jirang urged the village leaders of the area to prepare themselves in case of any case of infection. that they should not despise them in the villages, but should encourage them and show them the ways and means, which are in accordance with the directives of the government.
Besides, the beautification of the roadside by planting trees along the Markasa Market, the installation of railings and the beautification by painting radium is another area that will attract more tourists.
Seeing the need to strengthen the connectivity and digital infrastructure in Meghalaya, these MLAs had a thorough discussion with the German MP, with the aim of developing these two sectors in the State.
Shilling, March 15: The Monolith Festival will be held on the 25th and 26th of this month. this month in the square of Mawphlang.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 25: For the first time, the Dorbar Shnong will build a fitness center for the children and youth so that they can improve their physical fitness and mental well-being especially in the field of physical education. In this era, the society in these days has become worse and worse due to the involvement of young people in drugs which has destroyed many families.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: HSPDP MDC Ardent Miller Basiawmoit on Tuesday said that the government's inability to appoint an administrator in the KHADC is the victory of the ARPA because the government has decided to exercise power.
We don't have time to talk on the streets but we work hard.
Josepsh Tynsong said the EMRI-108 will be temporarily maintained by the Deputy Commissioner and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for three months while the Government is preparing to call another tender for this service. twenty-four hours within the entire state.
The District Council today invited both sides of the Hima Mylliem to showcase the number of ministers, and the opposition ministers with 29 ministers attended the meeting. The authorities under Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem did not attend and later sent a letter through the EM Incharge Elaka that they could not attend for the reasons mentioned in the letter. it's harder.
Shillong: A 10 wheeler truck carrying coal (ML 05 X 6251) heading to Guwahati collided with another vehicle at Mawlai Petro Pump on Saturday night. The vehicle (AS 01 AX 9860) was hit by a vehicle.
Shira has been appointed as Area Commander of North Garo Hills.
(ii) During the multi-phase election period, no proposals shall be released within the prohibited period, as provided for in Article 126 of the Election Act. Paidbah, 1951, in all the stages of those elections.
He said the main problems include traffic jam, lack of parking spaces, lack of drop-off and pick-up points, lack of garbage dump sites, among others.
The Committee is headed by Bah Prestone Tynsong.
Rida also gradually didn't feel any different from him and felt happy like her own father.
In addition, 7,388 public awareness campaigns have been conducted in the villages and residents on the need to avoid eating and drinking tobacco.
One of the questions raised was whether the villages when such a disease comes are not able to eat or drink? The answer is good because as soon as the market is closed, we all suffer especially in the demand for food.
One day this month I went to Nongjrong to see the beautiful sunrise in that village.
This story spread quickly and reached the ears of the former Rangbah Shnong who had a conflict with the house of Bah Shanbor and Kong Lumspah.
Gamrik K Sangma Secretary Tura MPYC and other MPYC office bearers in Garo Hills were also present on the occasion.
He said that AIR Shillong has established itself as a respected information agency which has been proven through the hard work of various people including retired officers and employees.
Today, 25th November 2020, 8 people have lost their precious lives in 3 tragic incidents.
During these two months, the people did not get beef, it is said that the tyrkhong beef has sold well.
Shillong Lajong have been selected to play in Group D with NorthEast FC Goa and Downtown Heroes FC. competing from 24 different clubs.
The SKJCLF also urges the members of the Khasi Pnar community as a whole not to fall into the superstitions that lead to this point of taking the souls of their fellow human beings; and at the same time, to refrain from taking legal action against such acts of violence against human rights.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
“When I inquired, I found out that it was the order of the Rangbah Shnong,” she said.
On the other hand, Bah Harkin Warjri, Sordar of Thynroit Village, said that the candidate has deceived and misled the residents on the subsidy of medicines. fertilizer and try to bring peace in the village.
The Chief Secretary also inaugurated a march to showcase the Tribal Pride by the Barikor and Tribal Pride groups.
“We will not sit idly by but we will continue to stand firm until the relatives of the two people who were shot dead get justice,” he said.
The children of Israel were eager to complete those Feasts as soon as the Third Temple was built.
Shillong, June 10: A BSF soldier has sustained serious injuries to his head and face after Indian smugglers threw stones at him while he was trying to rob them. They were trying to smuggle cosmetics and other goods to the Bangladesh border.
In 1876 he came to Nongsawlia and took over the school.
Speaking on the purpose of the Seng Khasi, he said that the purpose of the Seng Khasi is to showcase to the world the richness of the Khasi people in terms of knowledge of God and religion.
On the allegation by the VPP, Conrad said, “All the issues that have been raised, we have always discussed them, we have never refused to discuss them and in the future we will not refuse to discuss any issue”.
This too is allowed by law, but there is a limit to how much and how parties and candidates can use the money.
He said that the group has prepared leaflets to be delivered to every household so that they can read and understand that the cleanliness of the rivers is very important for the you are healthy.
Lapang recalled Purno's skills during his tenure as Chief Minister of Meghalaya, when he was only a government minister.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Friday strongly condemned the brutal killing of children and women in Gaza by Israel's merciless offensive against Hamas militants. period.
The match was attended by Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang as the chief guest, Bah Bulskhem Thabah as the chief guest, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong, and others.
According to paragraph 2 of the Resolution of the Meghalaya State Reservation Policy 1972, if in the year of recruitment any of the ST or OST candidates do not have qualified candidates to be appointed in that recruitment year, the MPSC shall be entitled to appoint. to appoint other qualified STs from Meghalaya.
He said that if we still expect to strengthen education after the age of 20 years, we will not get skilled students. Children should be strengthened from an early age to develop their minds and brains.
There are 6 teachers and 85 students from class KG to class VI. The organization congratulated Kong Minphik Laban for taking the initiative to establish this school. to the children who will receive education in this area from this school.
These people take “Jaid" from their fathers.
Nongpoh, July 29: The Railway Road, Runway, Exit, Umroi Airport and Border Works are the four priority issues that the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has discussed and taken a decision on. The RBYF General Council on Saturday held a meeting to demand that the government should implement the NSCA Indoor Stadium, Nongpoh.
I am a Catholic member of the Church, Shillong.
After recovering the body, the police took it to the morgue at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. husband and children.
“Some members have expressed their surprise at the government's intention to amend the law on government employees and if it comes into force many will no longer be able to participate in civil society and village activities,” he said. Bah Priest.
The medicines you can take are those that can fight against the disease or the medicines that you can clean yourself at home.
Both the teams finished in the MSL with five points each, Umkseh in third place and Umrit in fourth place by goal difference (-5 to -13).
There are 11 Hima which have prepared to showcase their Hima house. Previously there were 10 Hima but now the new Hima Sohra from Kongthong-Khad-ar Shnong has come and on the day of the festival they will show you the traditional customs from how they used to do it at the time of entering a new house and so on.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: Police have informed that vehicles traveling from Dhankheti-Donbosco-Laitumkhrah Police Point-Firebrigade have been allowed from the 17th of this month. and from 7:30 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
At the Maheswari camp, there were heavy machinery, pipes and other equipment used to mine uranium which were released by the KHADC after being seized.
The number of female students who dropped out of school part-time was 1,429 in 2016-'17 and 1,330 in 2020-'
Her body will be buried at the King George VI Memorial Chapel with her parents, King George VI and Queen Elizabeth.
To summarize from the discussions, it is understood that the reasons for this uprising are many, but only a few can be mentioned here- (i) There are those who strongly express their desire to become Chief Minister by u Khasi (ii) There are those who are angry with the corruption of the former MDA Government and the behavior of some who claim to be “high level” and (iii) There are those who are strongly opposed the BJP which attacks and insults the minorities.
The spirit of the bar is ud and long.
Therefore, the mother, brothers, sisters, wife and children are still waiting for his return home.
The rule of the chiefs (Fhareng) was only for a short time but now it is ruled by the people.
Since the announcement of Covid-19 last year, when all of us have been suffering from these protocols and the lockdown, many Christian churches and Christian groups have prayer is called for, along with occasional fasting.
The khar poi wir can do whatever they want, besides toilet waste, plastic and other pictures, sometimes only the legs, sometimes only the heads or hands are found in Wah Umkhrah. .
They were accused of selling drugs by a suspected drug dealer and handed over to the police.
He said that in other districts, the preparations have been completed although it was a successful incident but the death toll is still low.
This law shall apply immediately until further notice.
Those who live on the border understand how difficult it is.
The meeting was held by the NGO Coordination Committee on 25th November in Aizawl and all the district headquarters in Mizoram.
The Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya congratulates the Indian team for winning the medal so that it will be an honor and pride for the country and the nation.
In South Garo Hills, there are 12 cases including 4 high risk cases, 2 police cases and 6 cases from Siju Damikgittim cluster.
Shillong, July 19: Three months after the President of the Civil Society of Women's Organization (CSWO) Agnes Kharshiing lodged an FIR against the deterioration of the road from Lyngkyrdem to Mawlyndun, Pynursla district. , an investigation has been launched.
Therefore, the RBYF demands that in this second phase of the demarcation process, they should not take decisions only by the hand or by the will of the people, but should take decisions by They added that the Raids and Himas and also the villages have the necessary documents so that these lands will not go to Assam.
“It's true,” agreed the woman who was still picking apples.
“The price of beverages has increased from time to time and this will affect the people, especially those who work in the morning and buy food in the evening. There are elections in West Bengal and Assam has nothing to do with Meghalaya to raise food prices,” he said.
“We are aware of the existence of dewbilat factories in Meghalaya which have destroyed the environment and have received assistance from the state government but we don't understand the price of dewbilat. He said the government should take measures to ensure that the price of dewbilat in the state will be lower than the price elsewhere.
Vehicles will not be allowed to turn left from Hotel Pegasus to Khyndailad, but will be allowed to turn left near the old High Court. , said a statement from Shillong Police.
In a statement to the family members, the committee is deeply grateful for the great deeds of this man, who was honored in March 2021 at Mawryngkang.
The two KSU leaders who have been arrested by the MPDA are Johny Sohkhlet, President of the KSU Lawsohtun Unit and Readyon Stone Nongrum, Hep, who is also the General Secretary of the KSU. , Lawson Unit.
They include Jayden Magni Pde and Daffodil Langstang of North Liberty HSS who came in the top 20 of SSLC MBOSE. Position and Wanteibok Pator who came 2nd position from Saw Lyngdoh Higher Secondary School, Mookaiaw.
At the same time, he announced at the meeting that the Prime Minister himself will visit Jongksha on the 26th to announce the party's candidate, who has been elected by Bah Kanasing Lyngshiang.
His father and mother are Triphon Thongni and Biola Lyngkhoi.
RM Kurbah, IAS has informed all the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, to be vigilant and vigilant against the infiltration of foreigners, and at the same time in case of infiltration of foreigners. If unidentified persons arrive in the villages, the Rangbah Shnongs should immediately inform the District and Police authorities so that they can take the necessary action.
“We are pleased to inform the teachers that the state government has agreed to release the remaining five months arrer from 1st November 2016 to 28th June 2017,” said the President. MSSASA to Mr. Aristotle C Rymbai.
Once they get power and get the seat, they don't remember the people who won them during the elections.
According to Bah Kharkrang, their solicitation of votes from other ethnic groups is not in line with what their constitution says, which shows that they use these other ethnic groups.
Wonderful miracles are happening here on earth and need to be monitored, corrected, directed, implemented and implemented.
The program was held at Ummulong Taxi Stand, Iawmusiang in the presence of MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Deputy Commissioners BS Sohliya, IAS, Superintendent of Police CS Syrti, MPS, Nongstoin District Sport Officer, East Jaintia Hills DSO and West. Jaintia Hills DSO was also present at the programme.
On the other hand, Bah Sandondor urged the residents of Sohiong not to succumb to these ideas which will divide and destroy them.
Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, VPP candidate from Umsning, came fourth with 5456 votes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Khasi Students' Union (KHNAM) has strongly condemned the BJP government's decision to celebrate the National Good Governance Day on November
President HS Diengdoh, Vice President KL Lyngdoh, Secretary Welljune Nongsiej, Assistant Secretary Walter June Kharlyngdoh and Finance Secretary Arbok. , Members of Umpung Robertson Basan, Organizing Secretary Banrikupar Nongsiej, Auditors Masterly & Pynskhembor.
He should see the signs that the Hima Khasi, the people living on the border are in financial difficulty due to the lack of understanding of the border and the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) by Conrad Sangma. ) without consulting the Hima Khasi, who are the owners of the land and also the District Councils.
I only come to entertain," he added.
Why don't you? Therefore the covenant shall be for three and a half years.
“Even when we distribute these piglet seeds, we have carefully considered the pig farmers and those who have real interest so that it will benefit their own income,” he said.
We are pleased that corruption should be eradicated from this country and that the investigation teams should investigate and arrest those involved.
After this, he will leave for Aizawl, Mizoram on 29th November to perform at the AR Ground.
This action of the KAAC shows that they do not respect the Regional Committees of the two states (Meghalaya & Assam). Although the talks to resolve the border between the two states are ongoing through the Regional Committees for Border Disputed, the KAAC has requested the JHADC to resolve the issue. On the other hand, the KAAC and the Karbi people are also moving forward to show their strength to the Pnars and to cross the border of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Ferenstar Kharkongor scored a hat-trick for Laitryngew.
On the 6th November 1969, a meeting was held to discuss and the Mawlieh Theater Club was transformed into the Seng Khasi Mawlieh 12 Blang Langkyrdem which included only one village and not the whole village of Langkyrdem.
Each disused park contains about 25 fish farms and 2-3 tonnes of fish which can be produced from each farm,” said Arjun Mahapatra, one of the beneficiaries. .
“Of course, it is not easy to complete everything but within these three days I will try to ensure that the works should proceed without delay,” said Bah Metbah.
With the passage of time, the population in the urban areas of the state has increased steadily and this has been witnessed not only in Shillong and Jowai but also in new towns like Khliehriat, East. Jaintia Hills District.
This was discovered in a letter received by this reporter from one of the officers of the Forest Department of the KHADC, who wrote to the Executive Member in charge of the Forest Department that the KHADC, through the department; It did not pay the salaries of the officers properly and what upset him most was that the salaries of the employees who were lower than him were paid higher.
He said that no one was injured in the incident but only the houses and crops were completely destroyed.
The Party has announced that it will not provide 50% subsidy to farmers.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Jason S Mawlong, Macdalyne Mawlong and others who congratulated the RBTEDF for celebrating its 10th anniversary since its inception in Many tourist attractions have been developed in Ri-Bhoi District but besides tourism we must not forget the tradition of preserving the nation which foreigners like to know and see the uniqueness of the Bhoi.
Besides the Waheh Shnong, Assistant Waheh Shnong Ker Lakiang, Phimos Talang Secretary Shnong, Sto Shylla, Rol Lakiang and Sngawhi Lakiang were also present.
The second part is completed in the tympew basin, by sacrificing one bull and one lang-sotti (Blang female) and then follows the shad ka kmen.
The Hima Mylliem, is strongly opposed to the handover of the villages of the Hima to Assam, without the consent of the Hima, and is also strongly opposed, to the handover of many of the lands, which the ancestors, have given. to fight hard, to preserve in this state.
Nongpoh: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Chief Minister of Assam today held a special meeting at Vivanta Taj Hotel. specifically on boundary issues distribution.
“The Anti-Gangster Task Force (AGTF), since its establishment on June 6, 2022, has achieved success in dismantling about 162 groups. After the arrest of 582 robbers and the shooting death of four others, 586 firearms and 131 vehicles were seized. run.
The order was announced by the Secretary to the Transport Department – ​​Raj Yadav.
He said that it is not easy to carry out the work even after getting permission from Dr DD Lapang and his family to build the statue and as a group we have faced many difficulties, but as a group we have given. I would like to thank God that I have been able to meet many people who have supported me physically and spiritually.
Nongstoiñ, July 16: The hard work of the two leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Rambrai Jyrngam Mandal, for the elections to be held next month, has gone quickly in every village. to seek the support of the people to win them in which the people also began to turn forward and join as office bearers and members in each village.
He said that public awareness campaigns have been launched in many areas affected by the disease and the health workers have also visited the homes of these people. and advised the residents to seek medical attention if they have fever and other illnesses.
Therefore, the two organizations have urged the government through the light distribution department of Moowakhu, Khliehriat Distribution Division to talk to the officials of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited and the government on this issue. .Pala , President JYF-EJHDU.The attack on Meghalaya and Eastern India in Bihar on 24th June 2020 has aroused the anger of many in the state. Meghalaya and the eastern part of India as a whole.
They are the ones who provide for all the needs of their children from childhood until they grow up in terms of food, drink, sleep, health, education and living. stay and other amenities.
Can we accept that law which, if the UCC is introduced, can be implemented in our state? Throughout the country, many churches eat only vegetarian food.
Many of the land under the Mylliem, Rambrai and Nongspung Hima will go to Assam under the give and take policy of the Meghalaya government.
The disease has devastated and young women, men and others, are afraid to think of its destruction.
Those who lose should not be too angry to the point of causing trouble inside the village.
This is found in Revelation.
His body was laid to rest at Mawlai Nonglum, Shillong.
Referring to the Second Ground and the area opposite the rud of Wahumkhrah, he said he does not want it to be like it is now where there are galleries on one side while there is nothing on the other.
And Pharaoh would not let them go.
Besides, even the District Task Forces which should have been set up in various districts of the state as stipulated in the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 have not been implemented yet.
After opening the rally as a sign of celebration for the election victory in Gujarat, they set off a pataka bomb on the floor of the headquarters.
The Holy Spirit will be working a little while among the Gentiles, because it is quick that Israel will be saved according to the signs of the times, which is not near.
Not only that, it has also affected his income and that of his employees but the DC has not allowed him to use the parking lot for two wheelers. the instability in the night traffic and also the increase in crime especially drug trafficking and consumption.
At present, only the political parties are calling for the ILP. However, this cannot be taken as the demand of the people of the state,” said Bah Rowel.
On the 15th of July, a Slogan & Poster Campaign was held at the Independence Day venue on the theme “Slogan & Poster on Freedom Movement”.
In his reply in the House, Clement said that the residents of Kharsyndha have not paid 7.31 lakh electricity bill while the unpaid electricity bill by the electricity consumers in Dalia village has reached Rs 7.31 lakh. of T.5.18 lakh.
Today, Pommura SC will play against Mawlyngngad SC at the 3rd Ground, Polo at 6 pm.
Sosthenes Sohtun said that the reason why the residents of the village are afraid is after there is a market in the village selling beverages and many CRPF personnel from the camp. They used to come to buy food and drink from this market and this made them very afraid.
More than 3,000 tourists were stranded in different parts of the state.
Those who violate this provision will be punished under the Motor Vehicle (Amendment) Act
They said that they need a person who is educated, respectful and humble like the Auspicious youth to advocate for the country and the nation and for the Mawphlang Constituency.
He said that as a student who has graduated from JNU, he found that JNU is one of the universities that accepts students with low income who come to study in this school. but the action of the authorities and the Government of India in making it a school only for qualified children.
Now, she is afraid, she is afraid, when such a thing will happen, when no one can imagine what a plague like this will happen. Whoever has ever dreamed that such a day would come, where it would be impossible to stand nearby, even in the villages, in the villages, it would be impossible to walk around. without wearing a mask, this is the age when even if you can breathe clean air, you can't ring it again. .
On this issue, the union demands that Prestone should tell the media exactly which civil society organizations he has already explained to have approved his explanation, so that the public can know.
The Government of Assam has done this on the recommendation of the Boundary Commission consisting of six members appointed by the Government of Assam on 3/10/1
Increased physical activity helps to burn more calories, which is a factor in weight loss.
He has a special authority to teach and strengthen the household of his brothers and sisters in the clan.
“I will resign happily if many of the MDCs don't want me to be the leader,” said Bah Syiem.
Pyniaid said that the village leaders have already submitted the land title deed for the construction of the PHC and these documents are now inside the DHS office. “As a leader, I will follow up on this wish of the people so that it will be of benefit to many churches in terms of receiving services from the health department of the State Government,” he said.
Nongpoh: Speaking to reporters, Kong RM Kurbah, on Tuesday, said that the procedures have been changed in relation to those people who come from outside the state. They have to pay T.500 for testing at the COVID-19 Screening Center at Byrnihat.
Shah urged all the states to reduce the gap between revenue collection and expenditure and said Manipur, Assam, Nagaland and Tripura have taken good steps in this regard.
Earlier, the Governor had sent the Bill back to the Government to resolve the issue.
The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has said that students are being blackmailed through the National Education Policy (NEP).
Skalanboksis Paliar, President FKJGP Mawthir, said that during the visit, they promised that soon as soon as the weather permits, the rang will send to transport these electricity trees to be planted again. the village of Mawthir.
Prestone said that in order to implement projects through the NEIDP belonging to the PWD, Tourism and Sports departments, the government has to go through the rules of the NDB and that is why the Meghalayan Age has been created. Limited to ensure that the work is carried out in accordance with the rules.
Now the residents have witnessed the Sohtrun Festival without Sohtrun.
Please call 8731022725 if you have any questions.
When inquiring about the discovery of the newborn child, he said that it was found by the residents of the area. They went to look nearby and found that there was a newborn baby in the area.
“They are 'robbers' who go about stealing (to offer weapons, to steal, to buy weapons) (Jer. 6:28).
Raliang MLA Comingone Ymbon has spoken about the strength of religious conversion in Raliang.
She said she will work closely with the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri to achieve her goal.
“I will also advocate for the inclusion of the Khasi Niam Tre as Minority status so that they can benefit like others,” said Robertjune.
“Farmers who don't want to sell their products or if the price of the products drops, the farmers can put their products first and if they put their products they have to pay a small price,” he said. state.
Education is a sector that should be looked after by the State Government and the Central Government, so the State Government in fact is the key sector to bring about a clear vision, the expectation that there will be no joint implementation between the Central Government and the State Government as intended if the Policy is implemented? By ignoring the leadership of Nehu, the State Government has forgotten its responsibility for the students and people of Meghalaya and others.
If it happens now in Jaintia Hills, tomorrow it will happen in West Khasi Hills or Garo Hills.
He said that during the meeting he also informed the Rangbah Shnongs and the environmental groups on the works that need to be done in the future and to surprise the people by working together as a group.
The Police Medal for Meritorious Service Awardees were also announced. The recipients include Lumlang John Malngiang, Havildar, East Jaintia Hills DEF and Shri Ram Phawa, Havildar, Police Training School, Umran.
Ecclesiastes 12:1.
These are the ones who beat each other.
Recently, the National Vice President of the BJP, Dr. M. Chuba Au, on his visit to Shillong, said that the party will continue to work hard before nominating candidates from Shillong and Tura seats.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari explained that the situation in the North East has lagged behind in the field of literature, although the spirit of the youth is growing and from time to time the new talents of and the barriers were still shylluit at the time.
Laden killed five people on Tuesday night in Matia, Goalpara.
He said that this government is a government that cannot give rule to the people.
He said the fight will be against the HSPDP and if Bah Bobby wins the election as the supporters want, everyone will turn back to the HSPDP after the 2023 elections.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamlet said that it is the goal of the government to ensure that the schools in the state are adequate and able to provide adequate services to the children.
Kenmynsaw: Kenmynsaw village is about 8 km from Mawsynram on the banks of the Wisde River. It has about 300 households and about 16,000 inhabitants.
JICA is ready to work with all stakeholders to make this project a success.
Beniwal's remarks angered the Congress members, who stood in the middle of the house and shouted and threw their papers. shipr to the Lok Sabha.
We don't trust carbs anymore.
AIS Suja Jerusalem is the capital of Israel from ancient times and from eternity because God chose it when God created the world.
He urged the people to turn to the VPP party for 10 seconds before casting their votes, because a mistake of 10 seconds will cause problems to the future generations. Adelbert Nongrum.
In the first leg, Rymbai Iawpynsing took the lead twice against Ladthadlaboh but Ladthalaboh fought hard to win Group B by beating 3-2 The match will be played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday promised to personally examine the applications of four coke factories which have received permission from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. (MSPCB) and said that it will take action if found to have violated the rules.
In this regard, the UDP has urged all the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to immediately enact a law to define the powers and authority of Rangbah Shnong.
All meetings to be held in Thangraiñ Village should comply with the rules and regulations of the Election Commission of India and also according to the letter sent by the Deputy Commissioner to all the Waheh Shnongs in Thangraiñ. in West Jaintia Hills District.
I have read all the file noting and I know what I am doing but it is also important for me to say that as a person who has sworn in the name of God to act without fear or favour, love or hate, I choose to do what is right rather than what is popular," he said.
There has also been a warning to the countries of the world about the threat to the world from climate change.
At present, the cleaning is only for completion and if this is the case, it will be a great loss to the residents and everyone, because everyone wants a strong and durable road. It is also the road to the most famous tourist attraction in the State, the Nongkhnum Village.
When asked whether her support for the UDP was really only one vote as claimed by the HSPDP; “I don't force or urge them to support anyone, I leave it to them because I support the UDP not as the leader of the HSPDP but as Fenela herself,” she said. She said that there is no rule in the party that it is against anyone to support anyone if no one is fighting from the party.
If you want to report anything or if you have violated the rules, you can report it through the cVIGIL App.
Although there has been a lot of natural disasters in Shillong in the past two months, there is still one match left that has not been completed which is between the Lions and Tigers which will be played at 28 June, but it is not yet known which team will come first.
Mehbooba Mufti said that the party needs to be the voice of those who have no voice and the voicelessness of the people of J&K. work better for self-government and to bring peace to the people in this part of the country.
Those who have completed their Phd.
Former Napoli coach Luciano Spalletti has replaced Mancini as Italy's new coach last month.
It was also recalled that during the Village Administration Bill protest, various groups flocked to the Polo Ground because they understood the value of unity and the need to have the same mindset.
Shillong: The KSU Umrynjah Unit, one of the units under the control of the KSU Mawlai Circle, on the morning of 08th June, under the leadership of Samla Oswel Thabah and Samla Ryan Nongdhar, President and General Secretary of the KSU Mawlai Circle, The Unit conducted a surprise inspection of the presence of foreigners who came to work in the boundary of their village and in this inspection the Unit found that there are indeed some foreigners who When they asked for the documents to prove that they are Indian citizens, they did not come and the Unit expelled them with the understanding of the Contractor not to bring them. encourage foreigners to come and work in the villages and areas where the Khasi people still live.
The meeting was attended by representatives from various nursing schools including Woodland Nursing School, Ganesh Das Nursing School, Dr H Gordon Nursing School, Rapsbun Nursing School and others.
A graveside blessing will be held on November 6, 2022, at 1:30 pm and only live flowers will be allowed to be placed at the graves.
The blast was so strong that it threw the child away and his hands and face were covered with the force of the blast and the child died immediately.
Not only that, the government doesn't have forgiveness for those who go to the funeral, but the law doesn't have forgiveness for the dead or alive.
This is after some Karbi farmers from the village had threatened to leave their fields and about two houses were burnt down. you're right.
As we know that God does not force and gives us humans free will to choose.
Jowai, November 19: Ripaya Jat, 36, an employee of SBI Ladthalaboh Branch, has been arrested on the 18th of this month.
There are only three districts which have scored well in this examination and they are East Jaintia Hills which has scored 69 per cent, West Jaintia Hills which has scored 69 per cent and East Khasi Hills which has scored 69 per cent. 69 percent female; However, the districts that scored the most in the examination were from Garo Hills, where North Garo Hills scored 35 percent and South West Garo Hills scored 26 percent.
Dr. Laloo also gave a clear message that TB is a curable disease and urged those who have TB to test their medicines as directed by the authorities. doctors in order to control its spread.
They went to his workplace at the court office in Amlarem and threatened to kill the employees from there and also drove away the employees who were working at the court. court in Amlarem.
And the Fundamental Rights of the Constitution are those justifiable rights, which the Court can enforce.
The tyngshop, who played the lead role of Gla Diator, feels that this film is the one he really loves in his life and he is sad that he can no longer play it.
However, unfortunately, the government has decided to proceed with the implementation by allocating up to T.8 crore,” he said.
Shillong, July 10: The residents of Pynursla area have been waiting for assistance from the state government for the natural disaster. this incident caused damage to the environment.
According to the National Highways Fee Rules 2008, there should be no more than one toll gate within 60 km of the National Highway.
You don't have the meaning of being a Christian,If you do the works of Satan;Is there a king in history,Who attacked his country? He gave it to Syria.
We are sorry for this mistake.
Khliehriat, July 23: The Umtyra Infiltration Check Post, East Jaintia Hills District, today conducted a special program at Umtyra village to explain to the public about the dangers of drugs and alcohol. He also urged the public especially the children and youth to be determined not to get involved in drug abuse.
At the same time, Bah Donny Ranee, as the leader of the sport in the state, expressed his regret over the lack of attention of the state government to assist in the development of the sport. This sport, which is also one of the sports, which the whole world considers to be the best sport.
The union also expresses its gratitude to the government for setting up a Behavior Change Management Committee (ANM) and ASHAs to explain to the people of the state that we should not discriminate against those who have COVID-1 JSU Shillong Circle Publicity Secretary Tiphimi Rymbai said in a statement that the hospital staff and how to protect themselves from the spread of COVID-1
I respect the former Chief Minister, Dr. DD Lapang who said 'Don't appoint those who can't pass the Written Examination and those who get marks below 30%, the administration will collapse' .
Shops in their own homes have been ordered to remain open from 8 pm to 8 pm, except in the curfew areas, including Byrnihat. , Khanapara, Jorabat-Baridua, Ampatama, Umshru Sukhoinijira, Iewmawroh, Bakhlapara, Hawla, Jimbrigeon, Lyngkhung, Patgaon, Umsen, Jyrmang , New Balakhawa, Bilpara, Halher, Akhoinijira, Garobhanga and Ulubari.
The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, has expressed his condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the incident at Mukroh.
The Meghalaya team has 20 players and managers with Brolington Warlarpih as captain and Kenstar Kharshong as vice-captain.
On the other hand, the residents of the area have urged the authorities, especially the MDA 2 government led by Conrad K Sangma, to fight and negotiate with Assam, not to block the The government has decided to supply electricity to these three villages, so that the people can benefit like other residents in the State.
It is also very sad that even the Principals under the umbrella of the MCPC have accepted this order.
“We will have to close down the office of the DSW and Provost until they remove these two persons,” said NEHU-HWC Vice Chairman Atanu Banerjee.
“Let me arrange it with all these Rangbah who have witnessed.
He said that the Congress party has become a money-making party and no longer a political party that wants to serve the people of the state.
Thus the Sutnga Hima (Jaintia Hima) became an area of ​​British India.
Manipur on Tuesday said that the Assam Rifles have arrested a woman involved in drug trafficking. Brown sugar worth T.1.62 crore was also seized.
“If there is any issue that the NPP is working against the people, we will oppose, but those who support the people will cooperate,” said Bah Ronnie. in front and to forget the differences.
The NSA has received a letter through Teidiroi Dhar
The teachers used to praise his knowledge especially in mathematics,” said the mother with a smile on her face.
At present, our state is still free from this disease.
Referring to the fight in Delhi, the coach said, “Shanborlang is ready to fight in this tournament even if it is against an international boxer, because he himself has work hard and prepare yourself and we as coaches have enjoyed the training.
The bridge connects many villages in the area from Thadialong, Samatan, Shiliang Myntang, Thangrain and Barato and if it collapses it will cause loss of benefits to the people of the area.
The damage to these schools has been so severe that the residents said that the children have to wear shatri during the rainy season if they want to attend classes and besides that there is a lack of equipment. such as benches, desks, blackboards and others.
In the film 'Unveiling Shadows (RNGAI)', she played one of the most famous actresses, Regina Lamo.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that these teams have shown the Inspection Report of the Rask Force Team of the Andhra Pradesh Government which stated that there was no formalin/ammonia or any chemicals that are prohibited from being mixed with fish in any way before being delivered to the market.
SSA teachers who have been protesting for their salaries from time to time are still being owed 5/6 months by the government.
These two states have faced difficulties in this border demarcation as some villages which have been in Assam since ancient times do not want to go to Meghalaya and some villages from Meghalaya do not want to. They were not allowed to enter the state of Assam.
Contract teachers have contacted me multiple times since 2018.
Expressing the hope that the second boundary adjustment will produce a clean result, Bah Tynsong said, “The same rules, the same ideas and the same formulas will be implemented in the second boundary adjustment. which shall be taken according to the will of the people.
Luka Modric, his wife and children photographed together in Paris.
In the field of agriculture, fish farming and other fish farming will be started.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has announced that it has recognized the “Marynthing – Ka Snap” slogan. Paka" which aims to preserve the traditional customs and traditions of the Bri u Hynniewtrep as established and suit by the Kong ki Tymmen ki San since ancient times.
This shows that the growth of the local and foreign population has increased rapidly.
“Today, the party leaders from all the units have arrived in unity,” he added.
Therefore, the party requests the people of the area to attend the meeting,” said the statement.
Speaking at a rally in Polo today, Modi said the North East is a region rich in wealth.
It is not my custom to go anywhere or tell anyone because it was not done in front of the people or the public as it was done that day, even in front of the Presidential candidate”.
Thep Beit on the lotus to make hell stronger.
Suting's son, Bah Dewi Khonglah said that the funeral service will be held at 12 noon while the Bangladesh Army will hold a funeral service at 1 pm. day.
He also admitted that there are 7 or 8 plots of land belonging to the Khasi which he has already auctioned to other ethnic groups.
The Seng demands that the police should be punished for not knowing how to use these weapons, when they are weapons to be used only to disturb the people.
The angel shut Zacharias' mouth in unbelief. When John was born, Zacharias was able to speak.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 2,422 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
In another incident, a 17-year-old girl was raped by Heimonmi Sungoh from the same village.
The decisions and actions of the Government of Gujarat are illegal, put the society in the worst situation and are also a violation of the laws and justice.
The Central Executive Committee will accept the decision taken by the leaders of the UDP and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HDPP) on 7th November to work together to support the UNFC. candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Assembly.
The CEM also clarified the allegation by the BJP MDCs that the Executive Committee led by him has misused the funds of the Special Assistance Grant (SAG) scheme of the CM to T. He said that the Central Government should respect Meghalaya by approving the ILP and the people should not change the ILP and the Sixth Schedule. Hynniewtrep and Garo should have a strong ILP and a strong Sixth Schedule.
The employees of the oldest hospital in the city, have taken this step after giving time to the management to implement their demands from these days.
The Mufti has 29 MLAs, 15 from the National Conference and 12 from the Congress in the 87-member House.
The curfew will be implemented in the entire West Khasi Hills.
The Minister said that the Additional Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, has been directed to conduct an independent investigation into the causes and circumstances leading to the escape of these prisoners.
Steps that can reduce stress.
We don't know whom the prime minister led on his visit (except these ministers), but he should have led the village headmen, traders from the border areas and these included the buyers. and vendors as well.
He said about 58 countries will participate in the festival including 283 representatives from different countries and 630, 88 ethnic groups and 59 ethnic groups of countries and all ethnic groups confirmed There will be 147 participants.
Meanwhile, Congress leader Zenith M Sangma alleged that Bah Lapang is a powerful man and his departure from the Congress and especially his appointment as the advisor to the government, is not from the party. partly to serve the state but for his personal gain.
Besides these PDF leaders, members and office bearers of the HSPDP who joined the Congress included Bah Klan L Nonglait and Bah Isacc Rongrin.
The President of HANM urged the people to demand their right to ownership and said the state government should take action to achieve this demand to allocate more to the indigenous people and to renew the reservation policy in the state in relation to offices, hospitals and educational institutions of the central government and he added that even private companies operating in the state should also be allowed to Khasi, Jaintia and Garo youths were involved.
However, Abhishek congratulated the writer, saying, “I just want to know who you mean when you write like that, because you have tagged so many people? I know that Ileana and Niki don't have a husband yet and that makes us like Ajay, Kookie, Sohum) soooo.
However, it is not always easy to extend the dates set by the Business Advisory Committee, except for a few reasons.
Samla Jayson Lenox Nongrum as President has expressed his deep sorrow over the lack of attention of the government to the youth athletes of the state who most of the time despite bringing fame and honor they are welcomed by the civil society organizations. The state and the most sad thing for these players is that they don't have the ticket fee to go and return but thank God that there are other teams who donate money so that they can return safely. sha you state.
“The work order for this has been submitted on Tuesday and we expect this work to start, and therefore we feel it is necessary to have a Society to oversee and manage the “We have set up the Meghalaya Technology Park Society,” said the CM. The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on the 12th of this month urged the Minister of Home Affairs to The Union Government of Meghalaya has urged Amit Shah to send an inquiry into the IED blast incident on Saturday night in Iew Mawlong.
AL Hek, Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary and others as the chief guest inaugurated the training program in the presence of Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, IAS, MSOA leaders and others. .
The song was performed by Khlaiñbor Kharpan and Sherilin Khongwar, Jurisha Kharmawphlang, Kalpana Narzary, Deeibanda R Natep, Nylla Ksiar Kharpan, Lahunshisha Kharpan, Alka Lyngdoh, Bansharai Ba. Mardiwi Langshiang and Richester Kharmawphlang.
At the programme, the Prime Minister launched the 'Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra' and the Prime Minister's Particularly Vulnerable Tribal Groups Development Mission.
The demons and Satan, the enemies of man, speak through men and are spirits (demons).
Shillong, Lber, 23: The teachers of Adhoc Schools, who are angry with the silence of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government on the demand for deficit increase and salary increase, on Tuesday continued their strike. They protested in front of the office of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE).
The Union expresses its concern over the current state of society and requests that there should be a sense of urgency among the rympei, kur, jait and villages to preserve the morality, dignity and knowledge of God. the old mynba was built; to overcome this challenge.
Safeguards: The Central or State Government shall respect and enforce the decision of the Supreme Court which includes (1) to prohibit the use of Aadhaar number only for the purposes specified in the decision ( 2) that people should not be allowed to identify themselves with other documents if the verification of the Aadhaar number is not valid. (3) Children should be completely exempted from registering and printing Aadhaar.
l From what date can exchange be made?To give banks time to make the necessary arrangements, the public is requested to visit bank branches or RBI ROs from 23rd January, 2023 for exchange the money.
Depp, on the other hand, denied the allegation and said that it was she who threw the bilor at him until he injured his hand.
It is a time to express or seek youthful love.
Regarding the receipt of Pyut rice, the leaders of the HYC Mynri-Umsning Unit, demanded from the dealer and the district authorities to send a replacement rice. If they don't do anything, the union will not hesitate to take another path on this torti and misuse even the rice that should be eaten by the school children.
Only Noah and those who were with him in the ark were saved.
It is understood that the reason why the Chief Minister of Jirang, has demanded an ambulance to be placed in the area, is after he learned that the state has received many ambulances this time. Ri Bhoi Sepngi, is one of the areas in need of an ambulance, so that it can provide the best service. to the people who live in the area.
He said that the lack of universities and clear appointment system in government departments has caused the youth to lose hope.
When you laugh, your body releases happy chemicals called endorphins that can help prevent high blood pressure.
A few minutes later, Lajong scored the second goal through Hamedamanbha Wahlang in the 27th minute.
On the other hand, the President of the Union Shri Lemberkut Stepwar expressed his gratitude to the re-appointment of Bah Bashemphang Thabah as the Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong. The whole Hima because the working methods of this Lyngdoh were irregular and unsuitable for him to be the ruler of the Hima.
He said that the residents have also tried to provide assistance to extinguish the fire, but due to the spread of the fire, the residents have not been able to provide assistance to all the belongings and the property. the house was destroyed and turned into a fire.
The PRIME Hub, which is currently open at Wahiajer, is dedicated to the development of shynrai, sying, and synsar and has been implemented to provide training in many areas including the use of the power of technology for farmers, women's organizations and those who intend to set up their own businesses in these areas.
Shillong, July 30 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam Sangma today informed that the State Government is ready to introduce indigenous languages, indigenous rights, music and sports activities in the schools. curriculum of State schools.
The scheme will be run through the Block to receive applications from the applicants and the government will hold a meeting through a committee to select the right candidates.
Jowai, November 19: According to the Public Information Act, Niman N Shadap, PIO of Thadlaskein C&RD Block, B.Blah, has not been able to respond according to the Public Information Act. The PIO of Thadlaskein Block has issued the law within 30 days but it has been more than two months since 28th November
Nongpoh, March 24 : The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has been working for the welfare and development of the community and the region. The RBYF Byrnihat Circle has also established another Women's Wing.
At the meeting, which was attended by thousands of people of the area, the NPP candidate said that as an MLA he has gone to seek solutions from various government departments.
Onion -2kg per 12 customers.
Shillong: The Inspector General (IG) of BSF Meghalaya Frontier, Hardeep Singh on Tuesday said that there is no evidence that there are any evidence of insurgents from the North East in Bangladesh. .
Known as Orion, the mirrors will replace your mobile phones, according to CNBC. battery performance and information, which is all on your facebook page.
“It is unfortunate that the police have come to Kokrajhar to arrest Jignesh Mevani in connection with a complaint against him in Barpeta and Goalpara.
It is on this basis that the VPP urges the government to review or review this job allocation.
“Yeah! Miss Lyngdoh said in surprise and was still picking up her bag to pick up her mobile phone.
Forty kinds of serious crimes are also committed because of drug trafficking and use.
She tested positive for COVID-19 on 28th November 2020 while undergoing treatment at Supercare Hospital.
In these times, the government has banned and imprisoned those who shoot or kill dngiem, khla, myrsiang or suri who are thieves and destroyers of agriculture and livestock of the villagers.
The Sordar of Raid Mukertila, Bah P Kongwang, said that the power outage has started since 26th June 2024 in Umsyiem and other neighboring villages. There is no electricity in the village.
Police also recovered an AK 47 rifle, bullets and dynamite from the scene of Wali's death.
Late Shemphanglin Lyngdoh, 23, of Mawlangwir, was seriously injured in the accident and was immediately taken to hospital. CHC Mawkyrwat and shortly afterwards due to severe injuries he died.
“There were only about 600 people who marched in the procession and on this day, the present statue of Mary marched in the procession,” said Fr. Roland. of the Catholic Church in the District of Shillong.
It should be a place where there are no signs of the completion of mankind's destruction of the environment and where there is no building to interfere with the work. .
When the police examined the body, they could not believe that it was a fall and ordered the relatives to lodge a complaint with the police. that it was his beating by his fellow employees.
On Tuesday, the Minister said that the government will continue to look into the incident before lifting the ban on the import of foreign fish, despite the ban. had already been withdrawn on July 24th.
On the 10th of June, police from Patharkhmah Police Station seized two song of Kharu and banned groups from fishing in the river.
Nongstoiñ, 27 Naiwieng: Shahlang Police Station, Shahlang Police Station, have recovered the body of a foreigner from Dassar village. You are from Shahlang District.
The areas to be looked into by the Expert Committee are to read the existing recruitment quota with suggestions for revision, to take extensive views and consultations with all stakeholders, and the Committee. It will also visit various parts of the State to get the views of all stakeholders.
However, due to the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, if all the teachers cannot be appointed, the State University will have to start operating from
And it shall come to pass in that day, that there shall be a great mourning in Jerusalem" Zechariah 12:10-1
I'm full of great inspiration, I also know how happy it will be to win big titles and what needs to be done for that," Mount said.
Raghav, who is a Rajya Sabha MP, has not yet told anyone that he is in love with Chopra.
“In many places in the Khasi Hills, it has been seen and found that the Khasi Hills has been attacked by other ethnic groups, but now it is the turn of the youth. We will take responsibility for the sake of protecting the country,” said Samla Lambokstar Rymbai.
Speaking on the occasion, DMKS Shadap said that the purpose of the DLSA to conduct such a program is to educate the people to know the rights and no one should It shall not be left behind for any reason but shall not be left behind for any reason.
He said that the police will continue to arrest more suspects in the coming days.
Aiyar made the remarks because he was shocked by Modi's self-righteous remarks and his criticism of the Gandhi and Nehru family.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Police have lodged a complaint against the Editor of G-Plus, a newspaper from Guwahati, for publishing false or unfounded news and especially on the allegation of diesel and mobile petrol smuggling. along the NH-6, to stop the vehicles from Assam.
The party strongly condemns the robbers involved in the robbery of a house in Nongsning EJHD village which happened on the night of polling day.
Later, Conrad Sangma informed in the Legislative Assembly and through the media that the Government from June 2022 has suspended any work related to the vacant land after the protests. much.
Kitbok also acknowledged that Danggo's resignation will undoubtedly have an impact on the party in Ranikor Constituency.
He appealed to the people not to have any doubts, fears when Danggo and his followers go to join the BJP because it seems that the people of Meghalaya or North East have fears. “This fear is only a misunderstanding of the working methods, as it was in the past when the Congress came to power”.
Shillong, Naitung 04 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Minister of Education, Dharmendra Pradhan in New Delhi and requested for the establishment of a College of Teachers Education (CTE) in the State. Meghalaya.
On the same day, there will also be a semi-final match of the First Division, between Nongspung Sports Club and Pomsanngut Sports Club at 2 pm.
He said that the MCs will have to cooperate with the Government to implement this.
A motorcycle was later recovered from the same area.
The office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong invites everyone to take part in this race as a sign of celebration and to celebrate this great day.
Secretary (Communications), AITC-Pynursla Block Committee.
Shillong: As part of the celebration of the 25th Silver Jubilee of the Seng Samla Shella, on 5th November 2020, the Seng invites all the students who are the villagers of Shella who are studying in Shella Village. SSLC, HSSLC, CBSE, ICSE, Degree and Professional Courses & ITI courses with 60% marks to be awarded for the Academic Excellence Award Young Shella.
According to a report published in U Nongsain Hima on 1st June, 2021, “The CMD has found a scheme to merge the factories in Byrnihat to lose MeECL”. meter every five years for everyone from factories to households, but it is surprising that in this area, it was found that they have been using only the same meters since 2004, although according to the rules, it is to replace the meter once every three years.
The woman, a resident of Sirhaul, was rushed to the Civil Hospital but doctors pronounced her dead before reaching the hospital.
It also sends its condolences to the families of Shanborlin Sohtun, Edwin Sohtun, Atiar Bilansel, Defender Bonni, Gracefully Jyrwieh and a 2 year old child who suffered this tragic accident. .
“We have known of insurgents who have become politicians, but when politicians join insurgents, it will be very difficult.
Umshangiar, who won the toss, tied first and scored 161 runs.
It was also decided to take a census according to the Census Reports of 1951 and 1961, and on the basis of the number of ethnic groups the decision to return Block I and II to Jaintia Hills will be based.
Besides providing medical treatment, the BSF troops also distributed medicines to those patients who came from poor families living near the border with Bangladesh, including Balughat, Kalaichar and Lukaichar.
Police in Ri Bhoi District, have arrested the truck from 12 Mer village in Byrnihat area at about 11 pm, after suspecting that the truck was carrying kanja. Police have seized 58 bags of Kanja packed in plastic bags and it is suspected that the Kanja was smuggled from Tripura with the intention of smuggling it to other places.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : Mawlai MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the increasing number of deaths caused by vehicle collisions and two-wheeler collisions across the state.
He said that the removal of Lyngdoh instead of the CEM of KHADC by the Kur Thabah, but they did not work because they wanted to rule themselves to win the elections. “I urge the people not to be discouraged because if I win, I will bring back peace and development in the constituency,” he said.
At the same time, Sangma said that a Fire Service will be set up in Raliang, which he expects to lay the foundation stone on the same day as the Borato Police Out Post.
In connection with the incident, the Nongstoin Police Station has registered a case against the suspect under Case No. 91(7)17 U/S 9(n)/10/11(i)/ 12 of the Pocso Act, and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Goldy Brar, one of the Canadian suspects, has pleaded not guilty to the shooting death of Punjabi singer Sidhu Moose Wala in Jawaharke village of Mansa district. yesterday was Sunday.
We have come here to clarify the position of the Congress.
The Khasi at that time were still afraid to commit sins such as being thrown into prison, being bitten by a khla, seeing a lympat elephant, being tanned by a sangkhni... but when they accepted Christianity, the religion grew. , people are no longer afraid of the thunderbolt, the wolf, the elephant, and the jackal.
In West Khasi Hills, District, the cleaning of the East and West side of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, including the canteen area of ​​the office, has started. , they cleaned the garbage inside the office premises and disposed of it properly.
The Sordar said that he called the dorbar without any agreement with the Executive Committee and the reason is because there is no agreement with the members of the Executive Committee.
According to sources, the skilled batsman of the country's cricket team, Shubman Gill, has now managed to reach the milestone for being the only one in the history of the country. He has scored more than 100 runs in Tests, ODIs, T20Is and Indian Premier League as well as in the annual calendar.
The most important works under the DRIP include the drilling and grouting for the dam and the repair of the dams as well as the hydromechanical work.
Florida has surpassed New York, with 13,000 cases, the highest number of cases on June 10, 2020 and the time of year. and the plague was spread abroad in the city.
Can such a nation still be called a backward nation when the children of the rich all study in primary and secondary schools outside the state and even abroad while the children of many? not only the poor but also the school building has been destroyed; teachers are also not paid because they do not receive their monthly salaries.
“We have had a good discussion, and they have suggested that if possible, if they can get a place elsewhere, it is better for them to look elsewhere and the government will take action,” said Bah Tynsong. .
During the inspection, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who took part in the tournament in 23 different sports to achieve victory.
I don't know the NPP's position that he has joined it but to my personal knowledge, he is still in the BJP,” he said.
Suchen said that on October 2 this year, a group of uniformed BSF personnel attacked a school student from Huroi village while he was on his way to school.
Poland has strongly opposed the independence of the European Union despite being a member of the European Union.
Thirty new Processing Units will be set up across the state at a cost of T.7.5 crore.
Like you catch fish, you catch fish, and you don't come out first with the tham, and if you catch a few fish, they don't come anymore.
All diseases and ailments, whether physical or mental, are obviously dangerous.
This points out and shows the richness of the language when speaking, writing, and using it.
Superintendent of Excise, Bah KL Shylla said that he and the Excise Department will take the figures regarding the availability of liquor. He will also inform the women's organizations and the elders of the village.
He said that these MLAs who have left the Congress are stupid MLAs and they are also silent MLAs who do not raise any questions in the Assembly.
“Bah Syngkon is the founder of the VPP, the General Secretary, a teacher at NEHU.
The company's refusal to pay the salaries has angered the members of the union and the union has fought by forcing the company officials until the company has promised to release the salaries of the Security Guard employees. two days.
However, in all these cases, we have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing to track down the suspects," said the police chief.
In this regard, the Minister assured that she will take up these issues with the relevant authorities to address these shortcomings and to ensure that the Civil Hospital, Shillong can provide the services. very good.
Forty types of rights are available in this market.
These seeds are packed in strong wooden boxes and, if available, each seed is wrapped separately in tissue paper.
The reception was held in the village after Victorealness Syiemlieh arrived at her village in Rangthong from Delhi to collect her blood donation.
NPP Spokesperson Bah Bajop Pyngrope's statement that the UDP should be ordered to sit in the Opposition is a criticism of the statement made by the NPP. “If you shoot us with one sword, then we too will have to shoot with another,” said the NPP leader in Meghalaya. Therefore, it is clear that after the last MLA elections, they tried to fight to prevent the NPP from being in the government.
Jowai, 09 Naiwieng:The State Government through the Transport Department has not yet been able to complete the Weigh Bridge at Nongthymme village near Saphai village for the purpose of weighing the coal trucks transporting coal to Assam. especially in Nowkong and Jaintia Hills.
We need to fight against drug trafficking and find out the source of drug trafficking and the supply of drugs because it is important.
KPMG is the advisory partner of MeghEA while Humanitics, NIC and others are the implementing agencies.
The EJDSA, despite its grief, expresses its condolences and condolences to the family, wife and children of Pdianghun Dkhar, at this time.
In the past 24 hours, 1,26,789 new cases have been reported in India, the highest number of cases in the world.
The DLC should monitor the implementation of the work and send regular reports to the SLC. The NITI Aayog has also directed that all ADCs should have a separate account for this money to comply with the rules. The Financial Rules of the State Government.
Bah DD Lapang, who was accompanied by his wife, Kong Amethis Blah, said that the hospital has provided a great service to the people in the past 100 years.
The tournament was organized in collaboration with the training program of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District and the District Sports Officer to join hands in the celebration of the 77th Independence Day of India.
Shillong, June 19: The Umïam Hazard Area Collective Forum (Adhoc) has vowed to knock on the door of the Meghalaya High Court if the State Government does not find safe solutions for the residents. in the Eastern Ribhoi before the bridge at Damsite can collapse at any time.
This theory is not accepted.
This part of the Myntdu River, which has been declared as a Fish Sanctuary, is located within 100 meters of the Check Dam at Deiñrngam and to the upper part of the river to the west before reaching the Kai Ksoo River. .
“We also want to see how the people who live in those areas are in line with the customs and traditions of our state,” he said.
From the shooting death of four Khasi in Langpih, the shooting death of Bah Tyngshaiñ Mukhim in Block II, the shooting death of five Khasi in Mukroh and the recent shooting in Khanduli and Lapangap.
The women's football team has not had a full-time coach for three months since the contract of Thomas Dennerby expired.
It was clear in November when the police closed down the street vendors in Kyndailad according to the DC's order to close shops from 10 pm.
The soil is destroyed every year and to fertilize it, it is necessary to apply fertilizers from time to time until the crop is harvested. uto you plant.
The certificate distribution is for the trainees in the period from November to November 2022 which is the 96th batch of trainees of about 1700 youths from across the North East.
But I leave all this to the guidance of God.
Other speakers on the occasion included Kong T Tyngkan, Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety (DO), Dr. I.Kjam, DVO, West Jaintia Hills and others.
Shillong, March 25: The leaders of the Sengbhalang in a meeting with several journalists today, expressed their stand on the demand for the implementation of the ILP and also on the grounds that the organize protests.
“I am still waiting for the full report but from what I understand is that the BSF have seized two vehicles carrying clothes and taken them into the BSF camp, but the driver and the escort of these vehicles got away.
The cause of his death was Type I Respiratory Failure, COVID-19 pneumonia and pneumonia.
He said the RDA will continue to work closely with the Central Government to expedite the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India and to resolve the border dispute between the two countries. Meghalaya and Assam and to review the soskular of the first round of border settlement between the two States.
The marathon will be held in collaboration with the Athletics Federation of India and details will be announced later.
She has a long lymphuin hair, but because she fell in love with a 20-year-old Christian boy from Serbia, she was threatened by her family.
The saying goes, 'Even the smallest (the people) has a change (the power of victory), if we treat him badly, he will be victorious when he wakes up (the power of victory during the election). ).
When the top leaders of the HNLC together with our Ksiang from the State and the Central Government have met, they will be able to present these approvals to the Government.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the March Past where Little Star Secondary School, Lad Rymbai and Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV), Rymbai were selected as the winners.
After you have finished, apply these cleansers to your whole face, wait for about half an hour and rinse with soap.
“Our meeting is not because we are weak, but because we don't want to take to the streets the government's silence but we need money to feed our children and if this meeting doesn't succeed, “We, the teachers, will not hesitate to protest,” said Suzan.
There were too many dead to be buried separately in their own cemeteries, but they had to be buried in public and this happened in South East London, which is one of the epicenters of the disease. coronavirus.
Ankara: At least 62 people have been killed in Syria and 38 in Turkey in a massive earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
The Seng expresses its regret over the expenditure of up to Rs 50 lakh during the COVID-19 pandemic, while many of the people who are under quarantine in different villages, many of them have bought themselves from their families.
After a fighting which lasted for several hours, due to the difficulties in reaching the riat, the Sohra Police Station with the assistance of the village authorities were able to recover the body of the suspect. The deceased was taken to Sohra CHC for further investigation.
Regarding the appointment of Rohit Prasad, the JAC has also arrested him and closed down Rohit's office.
Debates and patriotic songs will also be held during these two days of the programme.
He said it was the court that would decide to pay the costs and the government was ready to do so in accordance with the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order Act.
The remaining six seats include Langpih, Bordwar, Nongwah Mawtamur, Deshdemoria, Khanduli, Umkhyrni Psiar, Block I and Block II. Prestone said that if the people of the two states respect the decision taken by the two governments, “I am sure we can resolve all these issues”.
When we look at other nations, we see that they have improved and this is a threat to the nation, because if it continues like this soon we will be the last in all aspects because of knowledge. Knowledge is the greatest tool for the development and strengthening of the nation.
He said that this house has many stairs and for this reason it has caused a lot of trouble to the relief teams despite their efforts to fight against the spread of the disease. ding.
On the other hand, the Power Grid has agreed to pay the salary next month to 40 days of employees.
In the first half, the match was very friendly and no one could score despite the efforts of both sides.
Since its inception 50 years ago, the party has gone through many challenges, obstacles, obstacles and many challenges to Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh and other founding leaders. The party went from Mawkhar to Mawlai.
Because those people who live in those lines are not Khasi and they did not come to live after the Hima gave them land, but they have lived there since ancient times.
Ardent said that after the Chief Minister said in the Legislative Assembly that those who disagree on the appointment, they can go to court.
Journalists should do their utmost to inform voters about the voting process, the need to vote and how to do so, and where to vote, so that they can register to vote. and the personal nature of their voting.
“After 10 years of fighting, the KHADC on 3rd June 2017, has decided that Varun S Lyngdoh and Sheena S Lyngdoh are no longer Khasi,” said Kharjahrin. People who steal jait from Khyndai Lad, and we will watch because the DC office has given them ST and we will demand that they be removed, and also from Income Taxes have been passed and taxes have been paid, and many Khasi have bought land.
He said that the party expects that as the Chief Minister has promised to clean up these roads in Ri Bhoi, this promise will come true and if it comes true, the benefits will be real to the people. “The people of Ri Bhoi District have been in dire need of a proper road as expressed by the HNYF in a letter to the Chief Minister,” said Bah Donroy Kshiar, Assistant Secretary of the HNYF, Northern Region.
The group congratulates Stelan Tham, Riolan Mawkon, Watkletlang Majaw, Telwel Khongtir, Baristar Riahtam and Banella Ryngnga.
You are not happy.
There is also the excise duty on Indian Made Foreign Liquor, as well as the amount of money that the Central Government collects from the State Governments from the GST (Goods and Services Tax) – this is the tax on Indian Made Foreign Liquor. imported equipment and various methods of work.
The Legislative Assembly on Tuesday passed the Meghalaya Lokayukta Amendment Bill 2024 introduced by the Leader of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. through your voice vote.
At the same time, he said that the youth don't have jobs, hospitals don't have doctors, schools don't have teachers and the state doesn't have roads.
The trial will be held today in Tyrsad after being held in Mairang and Nongstoin and will continue today in Tyrsad.
Shillong: There have been 390 cases of covid-19 in the state today and 4 deaths.
He said that according to the rules when the government introduces the subject in schools, it should also pay salaries but the surprising thing is that the teachers of computer subject have to be hired from the students every month.
The case should be tried in West Jaintia Hills through the CBI District Session Judge,” he said.
The court ordered the police department to enforce the law against the secretary for violating the court order.
The demand for an inquiry is also to investigate the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, for on what grounds he opposed the IIPH management without allowing the DHS (MI) to explain or ask. DHS (MI) must be informed before taking any action.
Speaking to Rupang, Rangbah Lenus said that the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has called a meeting with them today because they want to know whether the land they have received is bought or donated. “They have told us that it is not yet time to say yes or no, we from the church don't accept it, if they want to take it back we won't allow it, it can't be what you have done I'll take it back," said Lenus.
The cost was around Rs 1 crore and it took three years.
U Bahrit Adelbert said that the nation is getting worse with the passing of the days, but the best cure for this disease is to find the root cause. “It's a reason,” he said, adding that perhaps this is also the reason why the Jaitbynriew has gone too far.
“I have directed the Commissioner and Secretary of Education to talk to the NTA and the talks are ongoing but we have not received any reply from the NTA, but I hope that the NTA will take the necessary action on these issues. students and will also provide their scholarships in the state if there are vacancies.
Therefore, the union requests the authorities to take action against them, said Edenfield.
So they went and looked for it, but they couldn't find it.
“The tourism industry in the state will be a way to boost the income of the state and also the economic development for the state,” he added.
The Commissioner of District Affairs, Bah Tining Dkhar, while talking to media, said that the counting of votes went smoothly without any incident in all the constituencies, except for the breakdown of machines. such as in Mairang and War East, which have been replaced by good ones.
The ground will be maintained by the Dorbar Shnong Laban Rait Laban, the Longkmie Seng and the Youth Wing of Laban.
The earthquake was estimated at a depth of 65 kilometers.
The ban on the sale of beef is from July 5 to 18,
“According to him, the Government of India should listen to the wishes of all the people of the state to get the ILP and also that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. Country.
Friends, all those who believe that Jesus is the Son of God, I have this short message for Good Friday.
Hasina said the railway lines, which were closed after the India-Pakistan war in 1965, have now been reopened.
Bhattacharjee said that the areas where there is no quarrying, especially those near the rivers, should be avoided. any activities that pollute the water and affect the environment.
During the visit, the Prime Minister spoke to the participants and expressed his satisfaction that the accommodation facilities at the venue are adequate.
Nath said the government has divided tourist vehicles into two categories, taxis and maxi (sumo).
Babu Birbor Riangtem said that their call to various political parties is to get support and not to create chaos.
Results of the tournament: Mixed Trap Team:
Therefore, even though there is death that God has appointed, he will bring it to an end one day.
The United States on Tuesday announced approval to sell $285 million worth of NASAMS missiles to Ukraine after Ukraine sought more powerful weapons to defend itself. you of the border in the hands of Russia.
Villages in Ri Bhoi District, which have been declared as Micro Containment Zones, include Nongrim Nongladaw Village which has 3 households affected by Covid-19, Mynsain which has 5 households. and Lumblei have 2 houses.
"This is the picture of the areas where ISIS was on Election Day and now it is again," Trump said in a speech in West Palm Beach, Florida. , where it shows images with differences in the same areas.
“It is necessary to get the voice of the leaders from all the villages to discuss any issue.
It may be recalled that the 22nd July is a public holiday declared by the government in memory of Rev. Thomas Jones.
The International Football Association (FIFA) has announced that it has set a deadline for the selection of the country to host the World Cup. of women in 2027.
His mission to build a hospital attracted many people in Wales and the people donated generously and raised up to thirty thousand pounds (£ 30,0
Otherwise, they will not be able to demand compensation for this allegation and insult the residents of the area.
“The UDP party is not the reason for the defeat of the Congress, but it is Bah Pala who is the reason for the defeat of the Congress. One of the leaders who has no hope instead of improving the working conditions for the state, if the people give him the opportunity to rule from 2023 to 2028, but he spends his time to involve others. and this is unacceptable," he added.
This shows that many of the students of Meghalaya have not been able to pass many examinations for jobs or to enter higher education.
Declining to say which party he will contest the election, Bah Batskhem said, “In the next few days we will inform the public but for now I want to inform you that I have left the NPP as you are a member of the party.
But to go to science is more expensive..." Niakha said" I'm sure you don't have the opportunity, Mother, but Sir at school, I'm going to tell you to go to science because I get a good mark. Then Niakha wanted Rida to leave Saian.
Shillong, July 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to lodge a complaint with him regarding the lack of attention of the Border Security Force. (BSF) to patrol the border areas until Bangladeshis have been able to enter the Indian border and to arrest and kill an elderly man from Umkiang village named Bah Sylvanus Dhar Chiang Dhar, while another friend of his, Rahul Pohtmi, escaped from the Khar Bangladesh on the 6th of this month.
When many villages have become cities, does the District Council have the vision to plan in advance so that there will be no more metor areas in Jowai, Nongstoin, Nongpoh, Khliehriat, Mawkyrwat, etc.? How can we say that in Nongstoiñ, the Nonbah River has turned into the Umkhrah River? The District Council urgently needs the City Dorbars (not only the Dorbar Shnong) in the manner of the Municipalities of Mumbai, New York, Rome, Frankfurt, Paris, etc. in which the Office bearers shall be elected by the people from among the citizens.
Through the visit of the Chief Minister, it is expected that it will be a great hope for the people in the area and especially on this road, even the MLA of Jirang, has already laid They have petitioned the Prime Minister for the improvement and expansion of this road which is the most important road for the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
This can be done at the SDO (Supply) Office, Amlarem or through their FPS Centres.
The President of the party said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) will also send some party leaders to visit the residents of Mukroh.
The new rule was also on marriage with false promises.
below 6.5 is acidic.
In a statement, Stogen Lynrah said that the zonal unit has never made such a statement against the MLA of Sohra constituency, just because of his lack of popularity. Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, the joint candidate of Sohra constituency, has not yet made any arrangements to meet the Prime Minister.
“I am sure that your participation is a sign of hope that we will be able to win the MP election for Bah Vincent Pala. “The Congress, so that peace and stability will be restored and it will be a source of hope especially for us the low paid,” said Bah Gabriel.
But he acted busy like he didn’t want to talk to me.
I don't know who to teach him.
He said with the arrest of the remaining two, “there were five of them who were brought before the law.
All the Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, residents and school children of the area are invited to attend.
We cannot fail to express and the Federation of Khasi State has been talking about this issue from time to time.
We expect the Karnataka government to allocate land for this purpose," he said.
The topics discussed at the Dorbar Bah will be on the boundary of all the villages under the Hima Nongspung as well as the Hima as a whole.
The society should understand that at present only the vaccine is the only way to fight against the spread of this disease.
He said that the strength of the District Councils will also depend on the state government as Para 12 of the Sixth Schedule from the beginning has been a rule which has been discussed in many areas.
The match had to be played in 9 overs due to weather conditions and Meghalaya chose to bat first.
This event will honor them so that they can achieve their dreams and aspirations and start a new life.
Shillong, November 18: The prominent writer of the state, Bah HH Mohrmen, on Tuesday said that the enrichment of the Khasi language should be taken from the various language groups in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Because if the environment is clean, the tourists will also enjoy it and if there are many tourists, it will be a great benefit and more improvement in income. court (Economy).
Others who have been arrested by the police and are currently in jail are seven persons who are also members of the gang.
Minister in charge of PHE, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said, “While the preparation of the new DPR to reduce the cost of the scheme, the department has He said that the department will not wait until the preparation of the DPR is completed. The department has reduced the price of this scheme by half of what was proposed earlier.
However, in 1918, a court led by the British Government ruled that the youngest child should inherit all the property of the family. custom decided by a court run by the British.
Agatha K Sangma, MLA of 51-South Tura, West Garo Hills, has resigned from her post today.
The Hima Sohra handed over the MCCL in 1955 and every 20 years it has to be renewed.
“It is pointless to raise this issue,” he said, recalling that there have been cases where MLAs have spoken in different languages ​​in the Legislative Assembly.
All the 26 candidates from the four constituencies of Nartiang, Jowai, Raliang, Mowkaiaw and Amlarem who have registered for the MLA election have completed the scrutiny. which is the day of Tuesday.
Therefore, it is necessary for government officials, NGO's and the public to work together to learn about these activities that happen to children and how to fight against and create opportunities for them. way to get rid of it.
“How do you feel about CEM Pynshngain's speech?” asked the reporters. Pala replied, “What Bah Pynshngain says, Bah Pala says the same”.
Hearing the case relating to the death of Bah Marbaniang, the High Court said that the SIT report also contains the names and officials of several countries. 'case'.
At the beginning of the meeting, Nehemayah Tyngkan expressed his desire to contest the MLA election in 2018 to the residents of Iooksi Iapkhla.
For more information, please call +91 96154 47943 (Benjamin Darnei, Organizing Secretary EJHDBA) and +918730991189 (Deibormi Lamin, Publicity Secretary EJHDBA).
He said that after receiving information about the incident, the village has held a meeting to find out who is involved but no information has been received and after this they have informed the Mairang Police Station. Police have immediately rushed to the scene to conduct investigation.
However, we don't remember to turn off the water tank when we have finished using it, and we don't want it to flow empty.
According to the petition, the JHCMA said that the state government has not done anything on this order and this lack of action by the government has resulted in the creation of many weighbridges and check posts on the highways. .
Speaking after the meeting with the Prime Minister, KJDSTA President ED Nongsiang said that the Prime Minister has promised to convene a Cabinet meeting within 45 days to finalize the salary. new teachers deficit according to the 5th Pay Commission.
She said that according to the report, the Project Manager of VHAM Jowai, has issued the license to Ram Passah, owner of M/S RT Remedy Pharmacy, Ialong, West Jaintia Hills (License No JH/3 -396-397) on 2nd July 2017 and M/S KC12 Dolloi Pharmacy, KNB Road, Jowai, Jaintia Hills, (License No. JH/395-396-397) on 2nd June 2012 to purchase thyrnia from this but all the payments were made to Kordor Chyrmang and this pharmacy was not available.
However, according to the source, it is understood that there are about 10 or 11 senior Congress leaders who will join the BJP this time and among them there are about 5 or 6 Congress MLAs. However, he said that they will announce the news in 2017 or before the 2018 MLA elections.
At the same time, the statement expressed concern over the welfare and future of those who have fled these areas as well as their children in the midst of all these.
Taxation Minister James PK Sangma told the Legislative Assembly that the Government has already issued Temporary License to companies to operate casinos. This was stated in a meeting with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday.
Last month, Krishan Midha had apologized to the farmers who had gathered in his constituency to protest against the visit of Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar.
The program was attended by Mr. AL Hek, MLA Pynthor-umkhrah, Mr. D.Hynniewta, Project Director, DRDA, Mr. R.Kynta – COO MSRLS, Mr. MS Kshir-BDO Mawpat C&RD. Block, Fr.G.Wanniang – Director BIDS, Branch Managers – MRB (Rynjah, Nongmensong and Mawpat), District Mission Management Unit – MSRLS, SIDMUI (Urban Affairs), BM of NESFB, BPM, Mawpat and team and Block staff.
During the curfew hours, a police vehicle was set on fire near the FCI office on the road to Mawlai Mawroh. Lawley street.
Of course the charges are very serious against Bernard the fact is that the guest house was owned by him and it was not the property in dispute.
He said that they will work hard to ensure that the NPP candidate, Bah Teibor Pathaw will win the upcoming MLA elections to become the new MLA of Mawlai.
At the same time, he urged the parents to take responsibility in supporting their children and not just wait for government schemes but should work hard in agriculture, trade. inheritance and others.
In his speech, Bah AL Hek reminded that the Khasi authors have been able to preserve the Khasi language and characters in literature.
If we can provide assistance to universities and scientific groups to look into these treatments, full confidence will come from all over the world.
He said that on 29th July 2019, a meeting of all the parties from the North East under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma in Guwahati, decided to oppose the CAB and on 9th June, the NPP general meeting, On the other hand, the President of the NPP has alleged that the Congress' response to the NPP is a snieh. sheep, it is the world's political struggle because it has become increasingly self-sufficient.
The dam closure will continue in East Khasi Hills until 5 pm on 7th July
Speeches by Father John Madur, Vicar General and other prayers were part of the programme.
They take for granted that the people are their responsibility.
New Delhi: The Telegu Desam Party will insist that the decision on some of the most important issues such as the abolition of the Uniform Civil Code should not be taken hastily or the special allocation for certain ethnic groups should not be abolished. N Chandrababu Naidu's son N Lokesh Naidu said.
Sungoh also informed the Prime Minister that the basis for the demarcation should be based on the joint report between the United Khasi Hills District Council and the Mikir Hills District Council in 1957 and completed in It is clear that the land in Block-1 belongs to Meghalaya and therefore it needs to be returned.
He said that regarding the generator, it was learned that they could not operate during the power outage and the reason was that there was a breakdown in the generator and especially they had to buy petrol. many expenses that there is no savings from the government.
Nongstoiñ: Two bodies of Mawrusyiar village, West Khasi Hills District, at around 11:00 am this morning, were found hanging from a tree in one of the forests of Mawrusyiar village. this village.
Therefore, that kind of elephant was killed because when he needed his brothers, they did not have him to protect him from his enemies.
It was after the shooting that the ethnic minorities fled amidst the police harassment.
This is a new law passed by the Central Government recently.
Now the government should look into ensuring that it provides financial support to agriculture,” he added.
Furthermore, this road can attract many tourists from all over the world who visit Mawlynnong village and pass through to Lyngkhat Market, Borhil River and Dawki Bridge.
At present, 233 candidates are from national parties, 69 from state parties, 29 from registered unrecognized parties and 44 from independent candidates.
What frees the Khasi children from this cremation is the cremation of latang.
This is evident from the things we do and do since the ancient people showed a spirit of helping each other, a spirit of cooperation and other good qualities such as shooting kba lang. between the neighbors one house after another, when they clean the house, they agree together in the dorbar on the matters of the village and take a decision by one voice that they want to go hunting. Together with the joy and happiness of the festival, the elders and young people in the village showed that we are orderly and united among us.
West Bengal will elect 294 members in five phases.
In another development, the Khasi Students' Union, Nongkrem unit has distributed tree seedlings along with the joint planting of tree seedlings between the members of the union and the students. Salem Secondary School, Pahsyntiew Memorial Secondary School, Nongkrem Government Upper Primary School, Nongkrem Higher Secondary School and Nongkrem Presbyterian Secondary School on 6th July
Tynsong said that on the 21st, when the 50th Anniversary of the Independence Day was celebrated, some of the people refused to celebrate the day.
vii) Sahitya Akademi Fellows for outstanding Khasi writers viii) Honorary Fellowship for outstanding Khasi writers.
In the past few months alone, more than 1,000 mobile phones have been seized from prisons.
Therefore, while we cannot generate electricity from various sources, it is difficult to provide uninterrupted electricity in the future," he said.
The book, 'Something about Traditional Music', by Bah PT Sawkmie and edited by Dr Helen Giri.
Nongpoh, Lber 14: Following the arrest of 90 illegal foreigners by the Khasi Students Union (KSU), the Khasi Students Union (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Lster Nongbet President, Umsning Circle and members and leaders of Nongpoh Circle today visited the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat to inquire from the officers on the smuggling of foreigners.
Ma Moonlight Pariat after spreading a post on social media or whatsapp by TMC supporters alleging that there is a conspiracy between him and the NPP candidate to deceive his supporters to vote The TMC in Jowai Constituency has lodged a complaint with the Jowai Police Station on the 24th of this month.
However, we cannot escape from the truths that are permanent and unchangeable no matter if we are misled or deceived.
The union has arrested these people after receiving complaints from many residents that there are some people who don't come to take medicine and after they have taken medicine they sit around and don't sleep. the way of the people.
Marak said the problem that the people in the villages believe is that Aadhar has a connection with the '666' and banks on the other hand do not link the bank accounts of the people. and Aadhar Card.
“Section 10 (2) of the Lokayukta Act 2014 clearly states that the Directorate of Investigation and the Directorate of Prosecution are two departments with their own powers and authorities. they are required to be established within the office of the Lokayukta”.
Those who were present at that meeting and who listened to the man's speech were amazed.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, yesterday, the leaders of the RBYF 20mer Circle, led by Samla Lan Syngkli, President of the RBYF, 20mer Circle together with their members, visited the road. After the inspection, they urged the state government and especially the PWD department to allocate funds for the repair of the road, so that it will facilitate the traffic. in the area and users of the road.
The Returning Officer (RO) of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, SC Sadhu, on Tuesday sent a show cause notice to the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP). ) Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit for shouting 'Prah' and allegedly disrupting the meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) supporters.
The body of a 52-year-old woman named Sita Lama was found in Tharia today.
“Bah Pyniaid said that so far 28 farmers have registered for this project.
The dorbar hall was donated through JHADC by the 15th Commission for the year 2020-2021 at a cost of 7 lakh tyngka.
In the 62nd minute, Argentina scored again when MacAllister sent Lloris into the net, but Upamecano managed to save the ball.
According to Bah Swer, Kohli said he would look into the matter.
SHILLONG: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has applauded the speech of the MLA from Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Lambor Malngiang.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that home isolation has its advantages and disadvantages. .
Besides, there will also be prominent groups from Meghalaya, including Bah Lou Majaw, Snow White, Meba Ofilia, Da Minot, Summersalt, Emperical Tribe, Street Stories and Banjop. , Lokpante, Prinstone Sutnga, Claudia, Young Natee, Wanjop Sohkhlet and others to entertain the audience.
“This assistance of T.4 crore is from Article 275 of the Constitution for the reconstruction of the Sohra Market,” said Bah Gavin.
In many cases, it is more difficult for a man to divorce his wife if he has sufficient witnesses.
Pakyntein admitted that he has found more shops supplying goods worth T.73 lakh which has reached T.1.40 crore including the previous T.55.80 lakh.
Fortunately, the child, who was looking after the cows, was not hit by the pyrthat, even though he was with the cows in the area.
Therefore, if the government is really able to implement this plan to purchase mini buses to transport school children, it should also involve the government employees.
Improve writing skills of students: Reading newspapers improves writing skills of students.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has expressed his appreciation for the Government's ability to implement the CM-Elevate Program not only to improve employment and job creation, but also to improve income generation. court of the state.
At the same time, Dr Jemino said there is no restriction on the NPP, PDF, BJP or HSDPD to nominate candidates and they will meet to discuss the matter.
These are some of the problems that Covid 19 has brought to the education sector through Class Online. Secondary, Upper Primary and Primary children but to seek other equal opportunities and to understand that health is more precious than education.
In the first match of the third round, Kiewshaphrang Football Club beat Khlieh Shnong FC by tie breaker.
According to a letter signed by AL Hek, Sanbor Shullai and BJP Meghalaya leader M Chuba Ao, sent to Conrad K Sangma, it is clear that the BJP will support the government to lead the party. The NPP has divided the post of Minister between Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai for two and a half years.
He said that the residents of Warmawsaw PHC have to go to CHC Patharkhmah for treatment and if they are seriously ill they have to go to CHC Patharkhmah. They said that the condition of the road had deteriorated.
In the second match, PFR Football Academy beat Lawei Smit SC 4-1 goals. Betshiba Syntiew scored the first goal in the 10th minute.
Referring to the East Shillong constituency, Bah Pohshna said that the constituency lacks in many aspects such as water supply, streetlights, good roads and adequate drains.
The question of many football fans in the district is whether the money from the DMF will be enough to get a complete and adequate plastic ball? Ma Kyrmen also visited the ground together with the Deputy Commissioner, District.
Even if we have only one beautiful tourist attraction or one hotel or even one manufacturing plant, we can earn money from tourism.
However, before the end of the match, the referee blew the last whistle to go back to extra time. After 2 minutes of additional time, Mission suddenly scored through Pynbha Suting. Mission SC scored the ball inside the area of ​​the goal to send the ball to the semi-finals of the MGFL 2018-1
When asked whether he has confirmed whether BI Nongsiej will contest as an independent candidate from the Independent Group in the MDC election next year, he said that so far no others have come to meet him. He has asked him to support him in the MDC election, but only Bah Nogsiej has asked him to support him in the MDC election.
Perhaps there are many elders who know better the history of Bah Shylla, it would be good to tell here, his great deeds for the country and the people.
Speaking on the occasion, the VPP candidate from Umsning Constituency, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, urged the people of Umsning Constituency to support him and the party. The VPP has rejected the other parties which have taken over the rule and only if new parties come can they lead the state for the development of the state in all aspects.
The synrop includes 11 NPP MDCs, 3 independent members and one GNC member. Nongstoin: Severe cold weather has hit Wahkwang area in West Khasi Hills District It is located about 30 km from Nongstoin.
“We feel sorry for our teachers because they have to face these problems.
You shall not use it empty-handed without proper instructions or rules.
He said that today, the party has suggested to the government that before taking a final decision on the demarcation of the border, it should take the voice of the people. local authorities and residents in these Regions.
Luti Tuber Ialong opened the scoring in the 27th minute through Mihsalan Lyngdoh, and Mukhla Raij opened the scoring through Joydeep Bamon in the 78th minute.
Hek said the party will win in many constituencies in Garo Hills, Jaintia Hills, Khasi Hills and especially in Shillong.
The remaining four Arunachal batsmen were bowled out by Paisal Ali and Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria.
In another match, Croatia beat Russia 4-3 on penalties.
O, the employees of the offices of the Food Safety Commissioners of various states are very busy testing the fish as thousands of tonnes of fish enter their states every day.
The employees, who turned up at the office of Komorrah in Lachu, Shillong on Tuesday, complained to the Managing Director of the company regarding these insults.
Conrad should have taken the example of a former Chief Minister, Late Bah EK Mawlong, who showed in 2000-2001 how to get land from the army to build the houses. buildings that will benefit the community.
When asked what he would do if he loses his ticket, Lurshai said that he has strengthened the BJP in Shillong North and it is up to the BJP leaders to decide. “Even if they don't like me, I have to ask for the decision of the people, but I expect the party to do what is right,” he said.
When asked about the UDP's refusal to join the KHADC, Bah Metbah said that what happened in the KHADC will be informed to the NPP leaders including the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma. don’t know what the reason is, and they will be asked about it.
At the same time, she invited the public to attend the mombati burning ceremony scheduled to be held tomorrow 22nd October at 5:30 pm at Khyndai Lad as a sign of condolences on the passing away of this great man.
Suppose now there is a variety of rice that is very healthy, but which gets a disease that weakens it, and there is another variety of rice which does not get that disease at all.
Then for those who help to buy clothes for the poor, you have to buy because if you don't buy, you won't get anything.
Once, when we were going to Balat, while we were walking to a meeting, a man came to us, drunk and drunk.
JOWAI: The Rotary Club Jowai on Saturday awarded an award to a music group from Ammutong and a young man from Jowai.
Ladthadlaboh beat Khimusniang 4-2 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday.
The Chief Minister said that the presence of self-employed citizens who can set up their own businesses will help in increasing the income of the state.
They can contest together like the Mla bye election last year.
There are areas which have been cultivated and planted by the farmers with soh, kwai, tympew and crops that benefit the owners who own and work as the owners of their land.
I have read a book that tells us where the Khasi came from and what gave birth to them.
Novak, who has won the title as champion in the tournament seven times, is now looking forward to improving his skills. how he played this season.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the CEM of KHADC, the Finance Secretary of the party, Bah Dan Murphy Nongjri, said that after the party opposed the issuance of foreign trade licenses, these The foreigners have gone to the office of the Syiem of Sohra to apply for the NOC, but the Syiem has opposed this.
The new DGP, who is an IPS officer from 1992, replaces Dr LR Bishnoi, who retired on 19th June, and will serve for a term of two years.
He also implemented the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana in which 4.58 crore people have opened bank accounts in rural areas and 3.14 crore in urban areas.
“The influx of drugs into the State is a threat to our nation by destroying the future of our youth and we see that most of the drug seizures are from Madanrting and Them Basuk by people who are not from our community,” he said.
Shillong: The number of cases of coronavirus in the state has risen sharply today, with 182 new cases reported today.
Nongpoh: The bodies of six persons who died in an accident at Sumer Umbang, Ri Bhoi, were laid to rest yesterday by the Fathers, Sisters and relatives. and he came to receive them with great sorrow.
Shillong, July 23: Independent MLA from Gambegre Constituency Saleng M Sangma has urged the Central Government to set up a CBI inquiry to find out the truth on the allegations of involvement of politicians and insurgents in the Gambegre Constituency. the state.
Noting that the violence in Manipur happened during Modi's tenure as Prime Minister, the Union said that Modi has shown his ability in many areas and all these have led to The Union believes that the incident in Manipur will resolve only if the Prime Minister is willing.
They didn't even hear the sound of the trumpet.
Nagar tied 22 fours, 2 sixes for 166 runs off 197 balls.
It is also surprising to hear that Suchen village, which is the village where the Myntdu Leshka Project is located, received electricity last year. but it has been seen that they provide electricity to the companies owned by the Dkhars who come to earn money, while to us who have the right to receive it, who are the full residents of the district. , who are also the electors of the leaders, who have to look after the problems, we don't hear them talking about these two projects, as well as the appointment of people. He said that the government is now preparing the DPR for the construction of Myntdu-Leshkha Stage-2 at Bataw village. , he alleged that this too is an attempt by the government to make money from this.
The checks and money were distributed by Bah PT Sawkmie, MLA Mawlai Constituency as the chief guest, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, MDC as the chief guest, Bah PT Passah. members of SHGs and others.
She said that the government can do and bring in more donations when the project is launched together with the people.
Shillong: The office bearers of the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency on Tuesday urged the UDP leaders and all the MLAs to give the post of Speaker to Nujorki Sungoh, son of Mihsalan Suchiang, Minister of State for Home Affairs. u former MLA, because he has qualified to hold the post of Lamphang Dorbar, even if he is young and even if he has just won.
In a statement, the union said that it has found that the benefit of the Sub Center is only for the contractors who built it as the maintenance is still ongoing and the benefit is only for the people. who like to sit at night in dark places.
This behavior of the BSF is very sad, because they don't even respect the Dorbar Shnong and this is an act of violence by the army due to the lack of attention of the Government of Meghalaya.
At this meeting, the two groups also decided not to interfere with any development projects from the Governments, whether from the Government of Assam or the Government of Meghalaya.
How will the government deal with such fraudsters and those who violate the rules of law? Will the government arrest and imprison them? Will it impose heavy fines? to these lawbreakers? Their secretiveness has turned into a threat to our country.
The newly elected MLA from Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that he will not lose the trust of the people of the constituency and as he has done in the past three years, he will continue to do so. cooperation to complete outstanding tasks and to develop the Constituency.
If you increase your class without assessment/evaluation, it doesn't justify it.
The President of KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit said that he is surprised that Bah Kharlyngdoh has decided to reject the decision of the political parties on the ILP. Mawlai Circle to congratulate the political parties who can convince the government to curb the influx of foreigners,” said Bah Paliar and added that he accepts the new ILP.
The three MDCs wanted to talk to the party leaders, so the party has postponed before accepting the resignation of the three MDCs, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, MDC na Albinus Lyngdoh MDC from Umroi and Victor Rani MDC from Jirang.
The team consists of Mrityunjay Bharali (captain), Mrinal Das (vice-captain), Dipankar Barua, Sachin Kumar, Ayushman Das, Snehal Dutta, Pushkar Raj Singh, Josiah Wanniang, Shavian Blah, Raghav Magotra, Bharat Gurung, Jeremiah. Satya Pal Yadav (coach), Tejas R Vala (trainer), Hamboy Langbang (physio) and Shankar Newar (manager) Meghalaya will play against Odisha on 07th, Goa on 08th, Tripura on 10th, Vidarbha on 12th and Rajasthan on 14th.
Although Christmas is actually celebrated only by Christians, because it is the day on which the Founder of the Christian Church was born, because of its broad meaning and value, the whole world knows today, even those who are not Christians.
On one occasion I said face to face with a pastor, how can you go and teach the sick? He said they have received a letter of resignation from the District Council.
“I don't think it should be the reason if the ARPA collapses,” said Ardent.
The kurs and khas who are in their own religion are in the midst of sorrow and grief, they are in the midst of confusion of thoughts, they have to bow their heads and do not dare to look at those rulers.
The Sub-Junior Society (SMSES) has long wanted to take this tournament to the remotest parts of the country and this Sub-Junior will be the first time in its efforts to promote this tournament. camp outside the city.
It is learned that the NPP has also tried to persuade other Congress MLAs to follow the path of Danggo to resign from the post of MLA; However, it is not yet clear as the talks are still going on and it will become clear if it happens like Danggo.
On the other hand, the Daloi of Darrang Elaka has requested the public to inform the number 8132096302 before entering the area.
In another development, BSNL has organized a competition for students at St Anthony's College, Shillong as part of the celebration of Digital India.
