The fourth exodus: This happened after the destruction of Jerusalem by General Titus in 70 AD. The Israelites were taken captive by the Roman Emperor and then and they were scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.
According to information received by this reporter, some people, who wanted to remove themselves from the Aadhaar list, today, rushed to the office of the KSU in Nongstoiñ where they didn't find it.
Shillong: There have been 352 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 8 deaths, of which 6 have not been injected.
If the news in recent months about the merger of PDF MLAs with the NPP comes true, and if the NPP wins the election from Sohiong Constituency, it will be a great benefit to the NPP. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that no injuries or shooting were reported to the two Presbyterian Church leaders, Pastor RG Laloo and Tymmen Basan T Nongkhlaw who visited the Mission in Bihar. .
Kohli said he has watched the Congress party in Lum Garo these days, but during their election campaign they forgot to ask for votes from the people but “I am shocked when I see that Dikanchi praises Conrad and she has no reason for Conrad but she has a reason for the BJP. Conrad is a good man and a good candidate, let Dikanchi show her courage by praising Conrad so much that she will withdraw her name from contesting against him. Kohli said that after the news came out, he wanted to see whether Mukul Sangma is still alive or not or whether he has anything to say.
Expressing that the cooperation with MLCU is only a temporary arrangement, the Principal Secretary said, “The status of the University requires the awarding of a Degree, therefore, the temporary arrangement with IIPH and MLCU in collaboration with NEIGRIHMS, in collaboration with NEHU for the awarding of Medical Degree.
She said that the state government is continuing to look for ways and means to build a military school in the state.
They reject Jesus Christ and the Gospel of Salvation.
The petition also condemned the Home Minister, Amit Shah, in his speech in Parliament regarding the incident in Manipur, in which they said that Amit Shah, This was announced by the Chief Minister of Manipur, N. Biren Singh.
He said that when he came back to serve the people, he had to work even though he could not do everything.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: U Governor of Meghalaya, Dr.KK Paul as Visitor of Private Schools today met with Government officials in charge of the education department to learn about the condition of private schools. in this state.
Explaining on the allegation that these 25 employees, who allegedly lost their jobs because the company could no longer pay their salaries, because they had to donate to the Sengbhalang, u Samla u It is learned that these words were not spoken by these 25 persons, but by Bah Jyan Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong of Pahammawlein 20Mer, when they went to meet him after they were arrested. He said that the re-appointment of these 25 persons means that any Sengbhalang groups including the KSU, FKJGP, RBYF and HNYF will no longer be able to collect donations from the Toll Plaza.
Tomorrow against Downtown, the player from the state, may play again.
"“He also said that this statement of his, many people will speak, criticize and accuse.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83466 out of which 81511 have recovered and 1448 have died.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Registrar of the University Dr. Gurinder Pal Singh Brar said that the University will also offer various scholarship schemes for the welfare of the students. education from the State Governments and the Central Government for students from the North East.
“Our education system focuses only on passing examinations, but we forget to recognize and use the natural talents that our youngsters already have, and to prepare them. for their future.
He said she has five children and now they have grown up and are doing their own business.
:The new Khasi song, “Ha ksang Kti” has been released on the 14th, March 2023, on the channel of W.kharpran.
The owner of the bill should be investigated thoroughly and should be fined.
On the other hand, the union is deeply saddened by the fact that this hospital which serves more than 20 villages still has many shortcomings in providing services to the people who come for treatment at this hospital. The union has met with the MLA of the area, Bah Balajied Synrem to discuss the issues of the hospital and the MLA has promised to take action on this issue and will discuss the matter with the Minister. health.
Rudolf E. Laloo (PHF) RC-Jowai, District Asst.Governor and others.
The meeting was conducted by Romesh Juwel Sohlamar in Lyngngam and was attended by many Khasi and other ethnic groups living in Bangladesh including Meiieid Relimai Sohlamar who turned 93 years old. age.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Dorbar Shnong Lawbah has discovered a strange crematorium in Lawbah village which is about 14 km from Mawsynram village.
On the other hand, the SDPO of Sohra, Bah IO Swer, will visit Lyngkhat village on Monday to discuss the matter.
However, he said that police are conducting investigation to arrest those involved in the incident.
Once the wind was released, only the rngiew or the book of our ruriang went away to the east of the sun.
Shillong, July 20: The Society of Labor and Development Agency (SLDA) today announced that the award ceremony will be held on the 11th June 2023 at Anton Hall, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
In East Garo Hills, the Director Ministry of MSME and District Prabhari Officer for Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, Vinamra Mishra attended the program at Dambo Bima in Dambo Rongjeng Block in East Garo Hills.
In the first leg of the tournament, Moosalyngkat SC beat Chilliang Raij SC 3-0 goals. Ksohlangki scored the goals for Moosalyngkat SC. Rymbai in the 12th minute, Rickenson Suting in the 44th minute and Lalthakuma Ngaite in the 62nd minute.
In the 60 kg below category, Rituka Sarki (BBS College) came first, Bahunshisha Marwein (Seng Khasi College) came second and Dakarabha Dkhar (Shillong College) came third.
Five people including the elderly have been infected with the disease and have been admitted to Patharkhmah CHC for treatment yesterday.
The seized vehicles include an auto pickup number ML05-N-7192 used to smuggle iong and a Maxi Cab number ML05-G-5 silencer, modified number plate and VIP light.
“I would like to inform you that our preparations in Sohiong have been completed and we are ready to vote at any time,” he said.
He said that the peak time of traffic jam in this area is from 8:00 pm to 11:00 pm and 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm.
In the 13 Assembly constituencies of Garo Hills, Dikanchi has voted more than Conrad in only one constituency and that is in the constituency of her husband Dr. Mukul Sangma in Ampati where he defeated Conrad by 2432 votes, Dikanchi got 11,750 votes from Ampati Assembly constituency while Conrad got 9318 votes.
He was sworn in by Deputy Speaker Timothy Shira in the presence of UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Government Ministers, MLAs and others.
The state is only a source of income if it cannot produce its own food supply throughout the winter years and will starve if it does not receive food from abroad even for 10 months.
“At present, there are thousands of households who have not benefited from the MHIS because the scheme has not been properly planned.
A government source said the company will be able to produce up to 18,000 metric tonnes of dewbilat per annum after the commissioning of the new machines.
“Her hard work has enabled her to reach this level and now if we join hands to support her we are sure that she will win,” he said.
The main reason is the custom in which the son no longer has the right to continue the work of the father as in the old days before the kñi era, when the father was still the head of the household and in which the trade was still don't inherit.
When asked whether he has any information about it, Dr Mukul said, “Who will leave, who will enter, we will see when the time comes”.
“We don't know how the government will provide assistance, because as we have seen in previous years, the damage is severe while the assistance is only a shun,” said Bah H Khongthaw from Mawlyndun.
The minimum temperature in the past 24 hours has risen to 14.6 degrees Celsius, while the minimum temperature has dropped to 2.8 degrees Celsius.
A total of 3,01,969 people have been tested positive so far and 2,88,444 have been negative.
Kyrmen Shylla has been appointed to the posts of Excise, Revenue and Disaster Management, Legal Metrology and Home (Passport).
But when the elections were over, those billionaires forgot their duty because they felt they had already bought victory.
The students of the 14-Mookaiaw Constituency have also sent a request to the UDP leaders to give the ticket to a person who has education so that he can advocate for the people. and the sufferings of the people and to know the rule of law of the nation.
Regarding the situation in the state, many groups and political parties have pointed fingers at the central government for not being able to do anything in response to the violence in Manipur. which lasted for five months.
Five years later, the AIADMK in Tamil Nadu has broken ties with the BJP and has left the National Democratic Alliance (NDA).
In conclusion, Meghalaya BJP President Ernest Mawrie urged the Meghalaya government to promise that the people of the state should not suffer from food shortages at this time when the state and India as a whole are fighting against the food shortage. for the corona virus.
Registrar Dr Indrani B Bhuyan welcomed the guests.
Nongpoh, Nailar 11: Due to the increasing number of illegal vehicles, especially vehicles from Assam, which come to operate illegally in Killing area, Ri Bhoi District, without providing the necessary documents The District Transport Officer (DTO) Nongpoh, today conducted a surprise raid to arrest vehicles that were illegally earning in the area.
Iooksi PHC, Saphai Police Outpost participated in the training. The training was conducted by E Sajem President of VO Priang. dating and married young.
When this insect has drained the water from the tree.
The State Government has recently gathered all the Engineers from various departments to complete the survey and has also gathered officers of PWD (Roads) and NHIDCL and JICA members from The Union Minister of State (PWD Road) Mahadev Singh Khandela has already laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Dawki Bridge. Since 2009, this issue has been pending due to the lack of agreement on the social agreement between India and Bangladesh.
Above this valley there is a round and broad thwei called the thwei koh Langheit.
Speaking on the development, the RDA candidate said that he will ensure that the Office Memorandum which promises 44% quota for STs in Government Offices will work as it should be. Independent candidate Prof Lakhon Kma says he has thought carefully before taking the decision to contest the MP election to lead the people of the country. 7 Districts of Khasi Hills in Parliament.
He learned to speak Khasi quickly because at home they spoke Khasi.
In previous years, the State Government has allocated T.50 lakh per block to the Rural Development Department for the cleaning of the roads constructed under the NREGS scheme. AT Mondal, Minister of Rural Development, said that the Government is still allocating funds to the blocks so that they can be implemented by bringing together the funds allocated to the blocks and the NREGS scheme. for the purpose of cleaning the roads in the villages.
In the Science Stream there are 3033 students, of whom 1301 are males and 1732 are females.
According to the survey from previous years, there are no political parties that are strong in their villages across the state.
He said that this news is merely a rumor and has caused confusion in parts of the country.
He said that to ensure the exemption of the entire state from the CAA, the ILP resolution has been passed in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and the state government urges the Indian government to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the CAA. CAA is not included in the Sixth Schedule.
“We have to clarify that all Sitting MLAs will have to face the challenges of being re-elected.
He said the peace talks between the government and the ANVC may not reach anywhere because it requires the amendment of the 6th Scheduled. there will be one government, what will happen to the soskular that has been signed.
The tournament will continue on Friday when Sohryngkham SC will face Laitlyngkot SC at 11:30 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, Jongksha SC will face Nongkrem SC at 2:30 pm. .
When the HYC inquired, they said that their contractor is still doing the necessary work, the Khasi workers phoned the contractor but he did not come at all and so the HYC leaders phoned to the contractor to inform him that they have suspended his foreign workers until they can provide the documents.
To remind you that where is the money of us contractors until these moments we have received.
The departure of these Khasi Pnars was confirmed by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Arun Kr Kembhavi and the Rangbah Shnong of Moolber Village.
According to a statement from the party, the UDP has sent a letter to other non-Congress parties like the BJP, KHNAM and HSPDP. Earlier, the UDP had decided to hold talks with the BJP, KHNAM and NPP before announcing the MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
Meanwhile, the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has vowed to protest against the proposed division of the constituency and urged the Governor not to approve it.
The handshakes with the political parties in the government should also end.
Mukul Sangma, while protecting the ICDA corruption in the recruitment of school teachers, the land owners in New Shillong who bought themselves at T.1 per square foot, who is involved in the ' face encounter' of MK Singh, Choko who shot dead youths without allowing them to surrender, those involved in corruption, rice factories who supply rice in the name of the deceased, rice vendors involved with officers the Supply Department and other corrupt practices.
“If the MLAs spend T.2 lakh 3,000 per month to help such people, it will benefit such families,” he said. and shall distribute these prizes annually.
There are many ways to report or reach the One Stop Center and these are that women who have been raped can come forward themselves or through people who can accompany them, or people those who have the spirit to help either through Government employees, relatives, friends, civil society, volunteers or through the helpline number 181 in collaboration with the police, ambulance and so on.
Thanks were also extended to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Shri Conrad K Sangma, MP of Shillong Vincent Pala, Deputy Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, DCs of West Jaintia Hills Bah BS Sohliya, ADCs, Superintendent of Police, C.Syrti, OC of Ummulong Outpost, BDO of Thadlaskeiñ Block, PHE and PWD officers, Doctors, Nurses of Ummulong CHC, staff of St. Aloysius Hospital bad JDHS Healthcare.
In the Gospel of Matthew it is foretold that the days and hours will come when people “...will hate one another, and shall hate one another.
He also expressed his gratitude to the CoRP leaders who came to visit the village and inspect the road for the benefit of the people of Raid Madan Kyrdem and the country as a whole.
“When there is not enough accommodation or housing, it affects our health and puts pressure on our income.
In the past two days, two great singers of Ri Khasi, Bah R Waroh Pde and Bah Rana Kharkongngor, have passed away.
The Jaintia HimaIn ancient times, in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, which is now in the eastern part of India, there was the Sutnga Hima which was also known as the Jaintia Hima.
It is learned that within a month alone, BSF troops in Baghmara have seized 50 tonnes of coal from the Simsang River. The coal seized from the river was packed in a byrni and tied to the trees.
Their son, identified as Shyamnath, was one of 17 Indians on board the ship that was seized by Iranian security forces near the Strait of Hormuz in on Saturday.
Please the authorities to come immediately to our village to check the authorities, to know where there is a mistake in order to relieve the hearts filled with sorrow.
Modi will visit the 153-metre-high dam, which can seat 200 people at a time and overlook the Sardar Sarovar Dam. , its watershed and then the Satpura and Vindhya mountains.
“The Ri Bhoi Dorbar does not want Ri Bhoi to become one of the empty areas in the state and with the presence of this empty area many kinds of crimes will arise,” said Bah RR Makdoh, Speaker of the State. Bhoi Dorbar, and added that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar understands that the government's intention is to raise revenue for the state so that the revenue collection from this empty field will be higher. “It's a problem that affects the people rather than the government getting revenue,” he added.
At the meeting, it was discussed that any place where sellers or buyers sell or buy should inform the village and should also get the approval of the village so that the village can look after. The Rangbah Shnong has its own Village Court where the Rangbah Shnong is the judge and on this basis, the union has suggested to the Rangbah Shnongs that they should not Approval shall be given to any person who purchases land without knowing their intention to build any type of building within the village whether it is schools, colleges, churches, temples or mosques.
Only the driver and his passenger were injured in the incident. The driver sustained minor injuries while the passenger sustained no injuries. turned in the fields without sharud road.
“Their achievement of 70% and 80% is not enough, but they need to improve to reach 100%,” said Bah Eldie.
The handover is expected to take place by the end of this year, through an agreement between Twitter and its investors.
Although there has been a signboard on the bridge in the Lukha River, there is not a single policeman to guard the bridge. At this place, the drivers especially those driving heavy vehicles have been forced to park their vehicles on the bridge in the Lukha River.
You're happy, Mei.
On the same issue, Thomas said that KHNAM has met with the Principal of St. Margareth, Shillong to talk face to face with her. She explained that it was the fault of the person who sold the books to the school.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the poor sleep well, the rich have to buy sleeping pills. claiming that it was a statement to discriminate between the poor and the rich.
Without Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, nothing can be done, because the key is with them to open.
Two new offices of the Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) were inaugurated at Kharkutta on Friday and one at Resubelpara. Sub Divisional office in Resubelpara.
However, the authorities respectfully handed over the ticket to Bah LG Nongsiej, where I too stepped back and without fighting for the ticket I joined the party.
“The HSPDP strongly condemns this action of Assam which could lead to conflict between the states of the North East,” the statement said.
(Leave this part to those who are wise and empowered to discuss).
Meghalaya has beaten West Bengal by beating West Bengal in the first leg of the tournament. These two teams are very talented and strong.
Shah After Maj Simanta Gogoi and SS Sgt Apurb Gagoi are also wanted by the ULFA (I).
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Congress party in Meghalaya has intensified its protests to demand the removal of Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya after his wife was defeated in the mid-term MP elections. NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma from Tura.
And it is at that time that a man of peace will come who will become a servant of God.
" said Mr. Metbah.
“Only the ILP can protect our people,” he said.
Dr. Mukul Sangma and his 5 year government (2013-2018) when he was Chief Minister, introduced this bill which is different from all other laws, because of the ILP, which he wants. , you have moved to MRLVT-2013, and now you have moved to MRSSA 2016, you know what you mean, let's see below.
He said that many Ministers want to clarify that according to the Information Act, there are four documents that the Hima has allocated land to build a cemetery on Mawpat Hill.
Therefore, where does the growth come from, isn't it from the influx of these foreigners from Bangladesh?
Soon the government will close down the places of worship of Christians, Muslims, Hindus...Then the time will come when we will worship God individually and from house to house.
Shillong MP Vincent H Pala has sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi requesting the support of the Central Government to build a highway to link Meghalaya and Assam. .
Speaking at the public hearing, the BDO, Bah AM Lyngdoh urged all the VECs not to take responsibility for the work assigned by the residents.
The Director of Divine Mercy Retreat Centre, Rev. Fr. Anthony Kolencherry, urged all the sick to attend this Divine Mercy Retreat Centre. Those who attend this day will receive physical and spiritual health.
Besides, the police should conduct an investigation into the matter.
Police have registered a case under Section 21(c)/29 of the NDPS Act.
Nongrum's lawyer said that according to the summons of the court, Bah Nongrum was ordered to appear in court himself.
Ma Lahkmen said that more than 1400 people have been employed as teachers in the education department, the reason is because the government wants to ensure that the students should get the teaching jobs. knowledge of wisdom.
Prestone said that for the safety and security of the residents in the border areas, the MDA government has taken steps to resolve the border issue after 50 years.
He said that the party will continue to provide assistance to the poor who need it as much as possible, but they should not rely only on the help of others but should be hardworking in any field. and he went on, said the young man Blah.
There was also a sign of fish farming, pigs, chickens and cows.
He said that the MCSWA has done many good works in the society which has benefited many people especially the unemployed youth.
Those who want to survive and preserve their nation must have the ability to look to the future, to see new needs that arise from time to time and at the same time to adapt to them. item.
The union said that it has seen with its own eyes that there is no need for heavy vehicles to transport coal, but pick ups.
The school is a deficit school with about 200 students, said V.Wanbah Principal of the school.
“Even small government employees can take advantage of this scheme as the government will provide 75 percent assistance while 25 percent will be loan,” she said.
Meanwhile, Samla Willbirthsoon Kharsyiem-lieh General Secretary said that the party has decided to help with its small resources and wished the family all the best.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong Ialong has announced a fine of up to T. 50,000 for those who kill dohum doh pnat in the Myntdu and Myntang rivers.
Chengkam Sangma took one wicket for six runs while Rajesh Bishnoi (1/33) and Chirag Khurana (1/35) took one wicket.
We don't know how many days or months this new EC will last, but we urge CEM Bah Latiplang to implement the order that the Hima Mylliem should no longer issue NOCs from now on and we hope that there will be action. The council has not received any comments on this issue.
Shillong: An earthquake measuring 5.4 on the Richter scale struck Kokrajhar, Assam at 10:20 am this morning.
To encourage the team to play well, the union held a congratulatory ceremony at the Polo Ground in the presence of MCA Secretary Bah Gideon Kharkongor and other leaders of the MCA. you union.
according to the statement of the CM in the Assembly.
Regarding the ability of the MLA Nongpoh, to hand over the Work Order, the leaders of the Women's Church, the church leaders and the village, expressed their deep gratitude, because through this With the assistance of the MLA, the Women's Church building in Mawlong will be completed.
(Dr.) Philomina Kharakor, Prof. Badaplin War, Prof. L. Khiangte, Prof. KS Nongkynrih, Dr. BR Kharlukhi, Dr. Ailynti Nongbri, Babu S. Kharrymba, Babu PR Shabong and others.
“The duty of the department is to send enforcement to check the documents of the shops whether they have received the trading license from the district council. The council is illegal and therefore the council needs to improve the department in order to continue to work better,” he said.
He said that in his treatment, he also uses pharmaceuticals which can be obtained from pharmacies besides herbal medicines.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sniawbhalang said the inspection was part of the inspection to check the condition of the ground before preparing the Details Project Report (DPR).
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDC) Social Wing of Jowai Diocese has once again distributed Khaw and Dai to 227 poor families in 12 districts. Villages within the border of West Jaintia Hills District on Monday.
Meghalaya beat Mizoram 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament in Aizawl.
Mizoram played well in the batting for the loss of four wickets, but Gupta and Roberth scored 45 runs together as the team came close. Gupta (25) was bowled for the loss of a wicket through stumping.
Regarding the collapse of the road, Bah Bony Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, while talking to this reporter, said that the government should have looked into and sent for repairs. Because the cost is not yet high, but if you don't do it, the road will become worse.
Has corruption been increasingly prevalent? What is 208 marks and what is 188 marks? What was that four and what was that two, divided our little nation? O leaders , think.
We will work in such a way that once we have removed them, there will be no others who will be able to appoint other people to sit or do benami.
Welcome speeches were delivered by the President of JSM Wahiajer-Ummulong Area, Samla Heihokmi Supuh and several leaders of the JSM.
Regarding drugs, he urged the youth of the area not to get involved in alcohol but to continue to work hard to reach their goal.
He said that the Chief Police Officer of UP (Agra) has been sent to investigate the incident.
After the woman lodged a complaint with the police, the police took her to Bhoilymbong CHC for medical examination.
Raising the Zero Hour Notice in the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Nongrum said, “This is the punishment against the DC of West Khasi Hills who gave permission to hold the competition. khwai dohkha without any responsibility to maintain peace and order and against the SP of West Khasi Hills who allowed the police to take part with the organizers in the award ceremony while there was not a single policeman to supervise the traffic and to control the crowd.
Earlier, all the religious leaders prayed together.
Shillong, July 07: The MDC of Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that there was a plan in the past to abolish the traditional system of governance and replace it with the traditional system of government. Panchayati Raj especially during the introduction of the 73rd Amendment to the Constitution.
The victim was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong but died on the way, Pynursla Police Station said.
Because the world is competitive, so in the world, we are involved in the competition for honor such as being at the head of the country, the state, the districts, the villages, and so on.
Before that time, he had cleaned himself, shaved his head and neck.
To oversee the implementation and assistance, the CSMC was established at the VEC levels which empowered the villagers to oversee the implementation of central government schemes so that the households would not be left behind and “They will not be able to receive these schemes,” said Marak in a statement.
Mawnai scored two free kicks but Mawnai managed to score the third goal, when he shot the ball through the opponents' goal and enter the jar.
While the gratitude of the coal mining industry is obvious, it is difficult to say that one or more groups of people involved in these seized trucks (32 trucks) “It is not necessary to take the life of this police chief,” the High Court said.
He urged the MLAs to take this responsibility so that there will be a change in education in the state.
Six months after she went missing from her home in Shillong, police have found and released her from a village in Bihar.
Even the part of heaven, you have to worship and pray in your home.
One person was also arrested and charged under the NDPS Act,
According to the statement, the purpose of the party is to provide services to the area, to look after the welfare of the residents, to bring about welfare, The General Secretary of the EJNC-CEC, Bah Nangjan Dkhar, has sworn in the office bearers and members of the Circle. He stressed the need for the Jaidbynriew to unite together in order to fight against the challenges faced by the Jaidbynriew in these days and times. “It doesn't matter if they are from any village of the area, but for the sake of the Jaidbynriew we must come forward if the time and place demands and it is on this basis. that the Seng itself has expanded its household and has gone around the Jaintia Hills to raise the troops of the Jaidbynriew so that if the time demands we will rise up to fight against any forces that intend to destroy us. Also, the President of the EJNC Sumer Circle, Samla Sakilan Chyrmang, gave a speech of encouragement and explanation on the basis on which the EJNC stands with the people of Sumer Circle. and said that the main objective of the party is to protect, preserve, promote and especially to fight tirelessly for the unique talents of the jaidbynriew.
Regarding Pine Mount School, the government has allocated 59 posts while there are 3 vacancies which have not been filled since 2014, 2018, 2021 and the post of Vice Principal which has been vacant since
In connection with the incident which brought victory and rescue from tragic incidents, the army recovered Improvised Explosive Device (IED) bombs planted with the intention of carrying out attacks. The attack occurred on National Highway 102 near Bongyang on the way to Sinam village in Tengnoupal district of Manipur, on the border with Myanmar.
The earth is shaken by the mountains, the rivers, the streams, the earth is covered with stones, the earth is covered with stones, the earth is shaken, the storm is broken, the earth will shake and the storm will come. After a few years of not being able to go to the forests where I used to go for a walk when I was a young boy, and after about 10 years ago I went back to those same forests where I used to go for a walk.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, said that the Meghalaya Government has focused on development works and as a state, we have moved forward.
This was expressed by the Garo people at a meeting held at Nongspung A under Pilangkata Police Outpost. The meeting was led by Serimina D Marak, President of the Garo Police Outpost. RI Bhoi District Women Wing.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that there will be no need to set up an inquiry into the smart meter project.
Now, if the NPP nominates its own candidate and the BJP does the same in the Shillong seat, they too will not win.
Babu Andrew said that after the officer said that the department has done what is necessary to send the file from his desk to the desk of the Prime Minister. The teachers have decided to allow 10 days for the government to fulfill their demands with the condition that if it does not fulfill them within 10 days, they will hold stronger protests.
If you are sitting in a shop, you will find that during the day, there are three types of vehicles that come to collect food, sugar and pay for food with a slip.
Nongpoh: The Magistrates and Police of Ri Bhoi District, today visited the villages of Block-2, to inspect the tax collection points set up by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) in Umru. and Sabuda, Khasi villages in Block-2
K.Sangma that they should please build this road so that the people, who come and go can be safe and if the government does not listen to the people, we have to walk around, we have to fight because they cannot do anything.
According to the students and residents, the deterioration of the road in the area has been going on for a long time, but until now the PWD department has been blind and does not see the problem. meet with teachers and students.
In addition, Mr. Hamletson Dohling (First Dist.
“The work has progressed smoothly and all these have been completed, all that remains is to fix the price of the land,” said the DC. The Seng also expects that the DC will be able to complete the check gate in Malidor so that the illegal entry can be curbed. The picture is from the state of Meghalaya.
He said that according to the order of the Meghalaya High Court, the implementation of the Roster should be postponed until
“I have also suggested to them that the civil society should also meet with the Minister of Home Affairs and demand that he should implement these pending issues during his visit to the state,” he said. said Preston.
Medical College, who will then go back to the District Hospitals and capture the indicators as explained in detail in the training.
The meeting was led by Kyrshan Blah President MPUF East Jaintia Hills District and other members and leaders of the MPUF department. from nurses to doctors.
When they become Chief Ministers/Ministers, they will become Chief Ministers.
Eggs :–Eggs are rich in protein, vitamin D and calcium.
Recently, the government has increased the fine of T.25 lakh to those medical students who do not return to serve according to the agreement with the government.
Shillong, Naitung 01 : Umpohliew Jingtip Higeer Secondary School and H. Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School have reached the final of the U-14 (Boys) Football Tournament of the DSO of East Khasi Hills District. District Level Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup
Gutierrez admitted that this was a strange incident and said, “He was a young officer and he was rescued and it was a pistol stolen from the police. in Bolivia".
Out of the 58,625 students who will sit for the SSLC examination, 25,347 are boys and 33,278 are girls.
Everyone focuses only on their own ideas.
Speaking to Rupang, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that those policemen who act as experts, are stupid and don't have to investigate to proceed when they find corruption in the ministers. government.
He said that it also provides an opportunity for the residents to think about the contribution they can make, as part of improving the welfare of the community through the sap that talent that God gave him.
“This is for the safety and common benefit of the people listening outside the House,” said VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit who is also Nongkrem MLA.
The Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi, in a meeting with the media on Thursday, said that in the past two days, in East Khasi Hills District alone, the police department has received Police seized 400 grams of heroin, two motor bikes, a vehicle and cash worth T.5.5 lakh.
The Syiem, after thinking carefully, found that the only way to get the daughter of Sajar Nangli was to kill Sajar by any means.
JOWAI: As usual, the Seinraij Jowai has held a Chad Sukra festival today.
Furthermore, it can be said that the delay in the completion of this market is the reason why the farmers and those who earn their living from selling and also the women have to use the footpath along the road as They have their own shops so that they can earn a living and work to support their businesses.
“Now what is happening is that after 2018, the Government has lost its target,” Sangma told reporters.
“We demand that Dr. Mukul Sangma should give an account and appoint a team of inquiry on how many times he and government ministers and Congress leaders from Meghalaya have traveled to Delhi and abroad from 2009 to for the same purpose,” said Bah Kurklang.
When we try to walk carefully, even in our own village, it is clear that many people do not agree or do not understand, they violate the rules of the village and what has been informed or announced by the law too.
There will also be prizes of T.500/-a for the fourth to sixth place in both categories.
Ten mobile phones and four ATM cards were also seized from the suspects.
Most struggle to avoid taking responsibility.
The answer came from Law Minister Arjun Ram Meghwal to a question by Lok Sabha MP Gopal Chinnaya Shetty.
He said that the MHA has released many kinds of activities from the lockdown to facilitate and help the poor people to earn a living and meet the needs of their homes, but this The MDA government led by Conrad Sangma has turned a blind eye to the people of the state and saved only a few who can benefit the government or the Chief Minister and some ministers in the MDA government.Also Read .
In this block, out of 50,554 residents registered with Aadhaar, only 273 are 0.54%.
The union also demands that the JHADC should issue Trading License and Employee's Service License from time to time throughout Jaintia Hills and also to close down all shops without Trading License to open up the doors to the indigenous people. Your job is to earn money in your own country.
On 4th July 2020, he said that the JHADC expects to receive a share from the State Government of T.93,00,00,000/- and at the dorbar on 28th November On 10th November 2020, the CEM said that the Council should receive T.100 crore from the State Government, while on 10th November 2020, the CEM said that the JHADC should receive T.50 crore from the allocation. you, the State Government.
Jowai, November 17: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) led by General Secretary Wanbun N Dkhar and Political Secretary Garry Marboh on 16th and 17th November 2023 confirmed the Union at Lakaseiñ. The office bearers of the Lakaseiñ Unit are as follows: President Deibor Pakem, Secretary Affirming Pakem, Publicity Secretary Evan Pasleiñ, Sport Secretary Riburom Paslein and 30 members. President Owan S Paswet, Secretary Heibor Bareh, Finance Secretary Lakhon Challam, Publicity Secretary Ribhaki Rymbai, Organizing Secretary Deibormi Siangbood, Art and Culture Secretary Heibormi Myrten and 20 members.
“Recently, I have written a letter to the Chief Secretary giving him 10 months to do this and I have said that I will go to court if the government does not do anything,” he said.
On the other hand, Khroo L Pariat, Adviser of AJMW&LU (CEC) while addressing all the day laborers, spoke on the theme “Do good to others and help each other”. He urged the Waheh Chnongs to help in the distribution of Ration Cards to all the day laborers through the Supply Department of the Government, as well as to the farmers.
“What is regrettable to the Commission is that the Chairperson, Vice-Chairperson and members of the Commission have sent two letters to the Minister on 20th June, 2023 and 29th June, 2023 requesting him to meet with them to discuss the issue. office-related activities.
That is why there is still chicken pox, swine flu and cow flu.
Jowai, Naiwieng 3: Three political parties from Jaintia Hills District, the Khasi Students Union, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (JYF) and the Jaintia Awakening Movement Central Body (JYF) have expressed their deep sorrow over the situation. and the incident of conflict in Jaintia Hills District between the CEM of JHADC and the Dolloi.
The Board of Secondary Education Manipur (BOSEM) has raised a big issue whether to allow a Class 9 student to sit for matriculation examination.
The meeting was attended by the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Durbar including Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh, President of the Union, Bah RB Shadap, Secretary, Dr. DD Lapang, Speaker of the State Government.
The swearing-in ceremony was conducted by Samla Cleenstar Shabong, Secretary Election Committee KSU-CEC in the presence of KSU members from Shillong who came to encourage and support the new office bearers. Samla Pynkiewbiang Khonglein, Publicity and Information Secretary, KSU South East Central Circle, Pynursla, said in a statement.
Replying to this issue, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that it is necessary to talk to everyone to avoid the problem.
Shillong: The reason why they did not wear the uniforms ordered by the Hima Mylliem is because the quality of the clothes and the price they charge does not match. .
This was announced by Lyonnie Sumer, Publicity Secretary.
However, when the trees have grown and it is time to harvest, try to eat them.
Justice Sen directed the Ri Bhoi District Administration to return the documents of these Bangladeshis which were taken by the district authorities within 10 months.
He said that 104 people have been in contact with the two positive cases after attending a wedding ceremony in Assam and they have been tested positive. negative.
and he took to wife Jezebel the daughter of Ithobaal king of the Sidonians, and went and served Baal, and worshiped him.
The Executive Magistrate has completed the investigation and the body has been taken to the morgue for post mortem at Khliehriat CHC. , Assam and Kailashahar.
In another incident, Prema Singh Bindra said she was invited to a hotel (but did not name Akbar), but when she refused to go, she became upset with Akbar. .
Sanjeep Chopra, Secretary, Food and Public Distribution, said that all the States and Union Territories (UTs) should look into the income generation opportunities to improve the capacity of the shops. ration (FPS) in relation to the amount of money.
Allan West Kharkongor, Secretary of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF), said that the members of the Forum expect that the KHADC will continue to hold the festival. “This is just a misunderstanding of the festival and the traditional village (KHV) and these are not no relationship.
In 1823 it was agreed that the time had come to express more clearly and accurately the nature, the religions, the customs of the Church, the Confession of Faith. has laid the foundation for the Traditional Teachings and the Discipleship Rules and I will quote here some of them: “1
To form a party is not to enrich oneself, to buy a car, to buy a land and if that is the case, I will be the first to resign.
The disciplinary committee of the AIFF has said it is not appropriate to criticize the referees.
:A team of BSF Meghalaya has rescued 37 cows from the Meghalaya border on November 18, 2023, which were intended to be smuggled from India to Bangladesh.
Nongpoh, Lber 01: Members of the District Selection Committee, Ri-Bhoi District today explained to the public the delay in releasing the DSC Results of various posts even after the completion of the recruitment examination this year. 2021-22.
The Prime Minister together with the Chief Ministers visit from time to time to ensure that the work is progressing as planned and can be completed by
It is not new and never old but it shines like the sun forever.
This was announced by Rev. FRAA Wahlang, Principal of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Suponglemba Khongwir scored the first goal for Nongrim Hills in the 88th minute.
East Jaintia Hills Police had arrested three persons on the 13th, one from Ivory Coast and two Nigerians.
The people of Assam have expressed their opposition to this Bill for a long time and now it is necessary to oppose it so that it cannot be passed in the Rajya Sabha,” he said.
Of the 1.4286 billion people, UNFPA estimates that 25% are between 0-14 years old, 18% between 10-19 years old, 26% between 10-24 years old, 68% between -64 years of age and 7% over 65 years of age.
Shillong: In an attempt to bring about many changes aimed at facilitating the movement of voters and increasing their participation, Rapido, which is the most popular app in India where people vote It has collaborated with the Meghalaya State Election Commission to introduce a scheme known as “Sawaari Zimmedari Ki”.
We have directed those who remain to fulfill the requirements set by the party,” said Bah Dkhar.
“Only to get the post of peon you have to pass class 5 but in the election of leaders, even those who do not have a rank can contest and be elected, this is a job that affects the rule of law,” he said. , said Bah Paul and added that an MLA should be a person who has a certain rank to complete his graduation.
Don't miss these two days which can be a day to relieve you from your worries and relax from your needs, come and invite your friends to the Tamasa Lukha Festival – while the newness will be mixed with joy and happiness. different.
These students who are continuing their studies in classes XI and XII at North Liberty Higher Secondary School have received BYJU'S tablets for their use in their studies.
Bah Hababiangki Biam said that this act of the teacher is wrong and unjust.
In fact, those who claim to be patriots should set an example by working hard, studying until they can get a job or start their own business.
She said the Commission has already investigated and sought clarification from the police on some of the rules to ask where the case has reached.
On the other hand, Bah Tynsong said that the first test conducted at the Civil Hospital, the patient was negative. the spirit can be negative.
“I don't know in which area the government has reaped the fruits of victory except for taking tens of thousands of crores and the question of where they are implementing this money.
“I don't understand why students lose admission when the admission rate is higher than the pass rate of students and maybe there is also a lot of admission for one student in different places. read.
Buddhikota Subbarao, PhD in nuclear science, a former Indian Navy captain and Supreme Court advocate, found that the Nalgonda uranium project has caused many hazards to the people of India. district and other parts of Andhra Pradesh.
Datngen I Dan (25) and Lalthakhuna Ngaite (90+3) scored 10 goals each while Edius L Laloo scored 2 goals (80 & 89) for Luti Tuber. Kordor Dkhar (55) scored the first goal for SW.
Speaking to the media, the Minister said; “We have submitted a proposal to the Chief Minister at the meeting held on Tuesday and today we have decided to implement a new scheme which will help to address the problems in the related to the expenses of ASHA workers in terms of travel, such as taking patients to health facilities.
Therefore, once again, I would like to assure you that the best way to heal the nation is through the path taken by the Dorbar Shnong New Nongstoiñ and other villages; that any woman who has married a foreigner shall go after him.
He said the committee has also directed the district authorities to start doing what they should do for any need of the government.
Through this answer it is clear that the mining of uranium will be a threat to our nation, and we as the party stand on the basis and decision that we will not allow the Government of India or UCIL to mine or mine. He added that the KSU is a responsible organization for the country and the nation. What is the benefit of the members of the party staying in jail for 2 months?
Page 2.
He said that the Maweit and West Khasi Hills areas are rich in natural resources such as coal, uranium, trees and many others. The road is the most backward of all the districts.
Secretary and Mr. J.Lyngwa Treasurer.
There will also be a screening for the players on the 21st July 2023 at the Indoor Stadium, Ladweitang, Nongstoin from 10 am.
The last rites were held at the ground floor of the victim's family where speeches were delivered by the Kur Ryngkhlem, Kur Phawa as well as the village through the Waheh Shnong Bah A Lipon and the Waheh Shnong Bah A Lipon. Government LP School Pynthorlangtein.
This Christmas I stand with my Christian friends in Palestine, as well as with Arabs, Jews and others around the world who express their sorrow and anger against the bombing of their homes. of people and damage to hospitals.
“The state government has also turned its attention to the health department in the state and the government has allocated a lot of money for the improvement of the health of the people. “To improve the health of the people especially in the rural areas of the state,” said Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. health workers including ASHA workers that although they receive a low salary and in the past years we have been fighting against COVID-19 we have overcome this disease which is due to the cooperation from all sides," he added.
Similarly, the construction of a bridge in Lumshnong village is underway at a cost of T 30 lakh. The bridge has been constructed at Wahlaru (Lumshnong) where small vehicles can pass through. This bridge will help the residents in traveling and transportation.
Shillong, July 30 : A man was shot dead by unidentified robbers and his body was found this morning on the State Highway at Samanda Megapgre. to Williamnagar.
Many evil deeds have been committed by men, especially in the field of alcohol abuse, so we should not blame only women.
Shillong, June 29: The story of Phan Nonglait's heroic deeds will no longer remain in the legend, but in a book written by and Mr. Daniel Stone, Priest.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 556 new cases and 5574 active cases in the State.
India exports sugar, rice, atta, pharmaceuticals, IT equipment to 35 countries and small arms to 13 countries, the IMF report said. their ri.
Rympeeibasuk Syiemlieh scored the first goal for Eastern West.
He urged the scholars and students to provide ideas and opportunities on how to create jobs for the youth of the North East.
What will happen to this election now ? It's hard to think.
Once the Bharatiya Janata Party government is formed in Meghalaya, we will pay special attention to all these aspects.
Dr War said that at the Civil Hospital, 11 people have been infected including nurses, staff, patients and caregivers at the hospital.
The closing date for submission of completed application forms will be 31st May 2021 and should be accompanied by the required documents along with physical samples of the materials along with short stories/original story that showcase her creative talents and unique characteristics.
In his last season at Old Trafford, Manchester United finished second behind Liverpool.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Ummulong Unit on the 22nd of this month, has installed about 70 garbage cans in many parts of Ummulong Village in the presence of the Ummulong Village Authority.
Let us think how many will survive that final judgment of God on this world? What has happened in the world today through this plague in the four corners of the world, many have died.
Speaking at the meeting, the VPP leader said that the party is ready to hold meetings in Mawngap in order to recruit members for the people of Mawphlang Constituency.
According to the Congress MDCs, out of the T.52 crore, T.1.5 crore should be distributed to the MDCs. Lamphrang said while speaking to reporters.
Because of all these incidents, the village has taken responsibility to take these four shooters and bomb of (L) Sonarois to the Police Station.
At the time of writing, they are still in the custody of the village authorities and the police have not yet arrested them.
There was also a short drama performance by the students called 'Reflection' which was a delight to the audience.
In 2014, Prime Minister Duh brought the mantra of well-being and health around the world to the member countries of the United Nations in which he proposed to celebrate the The International Day of Yoga is celebrated on the 21st of July.
“Bahnah, it's late, we should have gone to bed...” said Deisy. “Yes, it's time...” Bahnah turned. So they finished the story and got ready to go to bed.
Students and Doctoral Scholars receive a wide range of education.
The state government has decided to amend the Act after the Sengbhalang has strongly demanded that the Act be implemented so that the Act can prevent the entry of foreigners into the state.
Tura, Naiwieng 12: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday said that traditional festivals are an important part of the indigenous peoples of the state and are also a way to spread the culture of the state. unique communities and also a way to preserve their uniqueness.
On the other hand, the HNYF, spoken by Bah Marcus Marten and Bah KS Rani, strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the government should take action. to release Bah Michael Warjri from the custody of the Assam Police.
He added that the Police Department of the state as a whole, wants to have a joint effort in the fight against drugs and the goal is to bring about that. Many young people have become addicted to drugs and have been misled by the addiction to drugs.
“It is the duty of the government to study this issue thoroughly and we as the government are doing this,” said Prestone.
He added that to achieve the goal of cleaning up the city and at the same time to take into account the problems faced by the schools, the government has decided to launch this program which is a way of thinking. new where everyone is collectively involved in running these bosses.
The march will start from Jingkieng-Nongthymai and will pass through the Fire Brigade, St. Edmund's College, Dhankheti, Malki, Barik, IGP and will end at the Additional Secretariat, said Aristotle C Rymbai President of MSSASA. The decision was taken because the government has not listened to the demand and the deadline has expired on 31st October.
She also explained that the Food Safety Standards Authority of the Government of India has taken steps to strengthen the five types of food items that we eat every day such as rice, flour, the oil, the bread, and the ointment.
During the investigation, the arrested persons said that the cows were smuggled from Guwahati (Khanapara) and these are cows that are not available in the North East.
He gave examples of various laws of the Central Government including the Forest Act and the MMDR relating to the mining of mineral resources, where if no amendment is brought to the President, The Governor of the State has been able to suspend or repeal the laws of the Government of India.
However, no order has been issued regarding the ban on the dumping of soil in parts of the Myntdu River especially from the construction of the By-Pass road from Khliehtyrshi to Treïongriang. The earthquake has reached parts of the river and the floods have reached the highest point of the Moopiah floodplain.
Explaining these questions, Bah Diostar Jyndiang said that since 28th June, after some people started to disrupt the meeting of the party members, the party, The meeting was held to think carefully about the situation and to find out the people who have tried to mislead and mislead the party as a whole, which has also led to the suspension of the plan to collect the public meetings as they wish.
He said he informed the police and after about an hour six fire engines arrived.
Raising a question in the House, Bah Pynshngain said, “If the government does not release the full amount of the district council, we will have to go to court”.
Here we understand that the British as the rulers of the country have used the divide and impera policy and it is through this policy of ethnic division that they have tried to mislead us the children of us. Hynniewtrep and especially in those places where they can rule have introduced this evil way of thinking and it has been seen that until now there are still some who do not understand that we are one Khasi people in front of India. broad.
Croatia were stronger and better than Morocco, although Croatia has more talented players including Modric, Perisic and others but didn't get the win. There are plenty of opportunities to score on this day.
If the state government doesn't send a message or cooperate, I don't think Delhi will take the decision to declare it illegal. The HNLC has decided to work together to ensure that the Khasi people will not be able to set an example before the Mawlong Market.
Day laborers from Muster Roll, day laborers, Asha, Aganwadi, domestic workers, shyiap quarrymen, quarrymen, shot mawria and others who earn their living from day labor have come to the this program for more information.
We are fortunate that we have this free will to worship or believe as we please.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 169 new cases have been confirmed and 1693 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Rupang asked Pran if he was sure that it was only these two who had committed the crime and he said, “Hap beit biang”.
The new office bearers of FKJGP Sohryngkham Circle are Wallambok Kharmalki as President, Tom Nongbri, General Secretary, Rocky Kharduit, Vice President, Elbenson Dkhar, Asst Secretary. , Mr. Larry C Kharmalki, Education Secretary, Mr. Charles Kharpran Sports Secretary Mr. Charles Kharpran.
The cleanliness drive was led by Bah Manbha Ranee, President of SSS Umdenlaang, in the presence of Bah G. Namsaw, Rangbah Shnong, Bah Amstring. Nongrum, Secretary SSS Umdenla-Ang, women's organizations and young men and women.
B3 also increases the presence and function of neutrophils, which are the white blood cells that kill and eat harmful bacteria.
“Expressing her dissatisfaction with the decision to close the vehicles passing through this road and to set a time limit for the movement of vehicles, Kong Wankhar said, , and people with disabilities need to be dropped off or picked up from care facilities.
The exact date of the birth of Jesus Christ is unknown.
The title of 'Best Performing Village in SHG Saturation' was awarded to Manbha VO Mulieh, Rikune VO Iooksi Kyan, Wasakhi VO Mowkyndeng, Pynteinam VO Pyntei and Pynjanai VO Muthlong Rim.
The entrance fee is T.50/- per person, children are free.
For example, Job's wife was a tool to tempt Job to turn away from the living God because Job was experiencing bitterness in his life.
“I am a soldier of the party, I am ready to work for the party,” he said.
jakor palat that person.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: While the villagers' organizations in the state are protesting to force the state government to pass the Village Administration Bill, the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem today. He flew back to Delhi to meet the Congress leaders of the AICC to discuss the bill due to the lack of confidence in the state government.
And God gave Solomon, not only what He asked for, but also all that Solomon did not ask for.
Besides condemning the central government, these leaders also strongly criticized the NPP-led MDA government and the former Congress-led government for playing games. the death and life of the nation.
Shillong, November 10: Today is the Human Rights Day.
Therefore, the residents of the village have arranged to help them for the expenses of their journey, and in one voice these Rangbah Shnongs have immediately denied this unfounded allegation. .
In the first leg, Dongmihsngi beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu 2-0
He said that so far there are 200 mobile towers across Meghalaya operated by mobile phone companies and there are still other mobile phone companies to provide their services to the people of Meghalaya.
“Therefore, we will try our best to reduce and even eliminate the power outage,” he added.
Farmers were trained to make Bokashi fertilizer which they can make only using animal dung, dpei, nut, LAB and IMO. To make natural compost by improving the method of making compost by using LAB and IMO. to use these kinds of fertilizers for the tympew also.
“We have decided to defect to the Congress to strengthen ourselves in the upcoming MDC elections,” he said. MDP Mawkynrew unit Bah Klip Lynshing told reporters in the city.
Up to 93754 people have been infected in the past few years but 92110 have recovered.
Khliehriat: The district authorities of East Jaintia Hills, through the police department, today handed over five bodies to the relatives of the deceased. It was implemented by the district authorities at a cost of Rs 40,0
“We want the State Government to convene another meeting of all three ADCs to discuss this issue,” said the CEM. mat.
The five employees were identified as Pintu Kumar Saini (27), Anallal Saini (43), Jagram Saini (45), Bhagwan Sahay Saini (28) and Durgalal. Saini (41), Kamlesh Kumar Saini (21), Panlari Kumar Sain (21) and Khemresh Saini (26) are all from Rajasthan.
The age screening for the players from Mairang Block will be held at Tirtot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang and for the players from Mawthadraishan Block will be held at Madan Domsohphlang, Markasa from 10 am. the afternoon of June 5, 2023.
He said that earlier the scheme was applied for only once a year but now it can be applied for at any time through online.
The meal was served in the dining room which was prepared in the middle room only for that day. After eating for about half an hour, these men left.
Another event was organized by the Laitumkhrah Youth Association on the 10th at Laitumkhrah.
The three-year festival is the most popular festival of all.
Abir took four wickets in 7 overs for 18 runs, while Dey took 4 wickets in 6.2 overs for 33 runs.
The Sordar Shnongs together with the leaders of HANM and the Fishery Department have decided to impose a fine of T.10,000 on anyone found fishing in the river.
The market vendors, jhur vendors, vendors of forty kinds of goods are increasing their prices every day, whether they understand or not.
Jowai, Lber 25: Samla Phyrnai Kyndait, 22, of Mukhialong village, who is studying for the 4th semester of Bachelor of Arts in Kiang Nangbah, Govt.
The State Government will start discussing the Roster System this month.
On the lack of land for the people to build a garbage dump, the Congress Leader said that this is a sign that the people have tried to fight against the State Government.
He was more interested in singing religious songs from an early age in the home training he received from his father.
I have always expected that Hep is a respectable, well-mannered, good man, he comes from a respectable family.
In the field of transport, the government has implemented the railway line from Byrnihat Ri Bhoi to Shillong and this could start in October next year.
Also be sure to reduce children's hair loss by using hair masks and breathing with cold water.
Vaccination of your animals:- Make sure that your animals especially cats and dogs are fully vaccinated.
Documents are submitted and viewed through the Online Portal.
To date, the HPC has adhered to these rules that it established ten years ago.
Shillong, March 12 : The Ministry of Women & Children's Affairs (MWDA) has received a special award from the Ministry of Women & Child Development Central Government.
We will further improve the benefits under this scheme by increasing `.
The Nongkhlaw chiefs who belong to the Syiemlieh Kur are said to be of Jaintia or Sutnga origin and come from the Jaintia chiefs.
He recalled that when he was an MLA, he had fought to build a Market Complex in Lad Smit but after he was defeated, it has disappeared.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh gave encouraging words to the leaders and members of the Western Zone. , cooperation, love for each other so that we can carry out the works that will provide full service to the country and the nation, he added that West Jaintia Hills is the One of the districts which has many intellectuals and many who have been able to serve Jaintia Hills as a contribution to the society, he also congratulated all of them. The leaders and members of this working group, that as intellectuals they should apply their intelligence to many areas which are the main cause of the jaidbynriew.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Department of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary has introduced the semen of Ongole muit to breed cows in the State so that the State can produce dairy cows.
British authorities on Tuesday said they had arrested three suspected Russian spies who threatened the country if their motives were not investigated. .
Saindur Mihmyntdu scored the first goal in the 10th minute through Haowanki Lamin and Lamjingshai Thawmuid (12) scored the second goal in the 2nd minute.
Rice is the most important food crop and can be used and fed by the people of the world.
“The big question for the government is why it has taken the decision to ban government employees from becoming Rangbah Shnong because they are not political parties or anti-government groups,” he said. UDP and Mr. Jemino Death.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been monitoring the situation in Manipur since day one and has urged us to find ways and means to resolve the issues,” said Amit Shah, Union Home Minister. meeting of all political parties.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi has assured that if the Congress comes to power, it will pay the price of all the poor people in India.
In the more urbanized areas of West Khasi Hills like Mairang, Nongstoin, Riangdo and Shallang, Nongstoin has two rivers flowing from the middle of the town, the Nondeiñ River and the Nonbah River.
“In fact, our invitation to Sanjay Mishra is to encourage our youth who are involved in Khasi films and the people who love films. (to Prah) It is true that we did not think of it and we did not expect it.
“The government should announce clearly the residential areas of the cases and not just say that they are from Khyndailad, because as of now there are still very few cases in that area and if announced without confirmation it affects the people. all the activities in the area and people will be afraid to come to the area,” said Singhania.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,044 and the death toll has risen to
He said that if they have any problems as residents, they should not take the law into their own hands, but should immediately seek the assistance of the law enforcement authorities.
The United States on Tuesday said China has rejected a proposal to hold a meeting in Singapore between US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin and Chinese Defense Minister Li Shangfu.
Before the end, wisdom also increases, says the Word of God.
God is still giving people time to turn and repent, not just to have a name in the church.
It has also provided for the treatment of four types of patients – Category A without symptoms, Category B with low symptoms, Category C with severe symptoms and Category D with severe symptoms. Besides the home quarantine, the Government has also opened the door for isolation at the Corona Care Centers in Shillong and Tura for those who do not have space in their homes. house to do this work.
A Panel Discussion on 'The Works of Thomas Jones in Ri Khasi' was held in the presence of Church and Sengbhalang Leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Four other organizations including FKJGP, Khliehriat, FKJGP Nar Puh, Sumo Drivers Association from Ladrymbai to Badarpur and HNPF, EJH have come forward to give their full support. The protest was called by the 17 villages under the Dorbar Dong Namchiang, Narpuh Elaka from the 4th to the 7th of next month.
Speaking to Rupang, some of the students from the India-Bangladesh border area said that they have not received their foodgrains for last year.
French President Emmanuel Macron announced in recent days that France has opened the door for Ukrainian air forces to train to join France. to be trained for their fight against Russia in the coming days.
Not only that, the Sectional Assistant of this department has made many mistakes in the names of people.
Professor Kma said that the first aid in dealing with tuberculosis is to detect the disease.
And the speech of the MP of RAJYA SABHA dated 23rd July in the Khasi newspapers.
Ewanmi Phawa, Vice President of Jowai Circle, President of KSU Jowai Circle, Ioanis Suchiang, General Secretary of Jowai Circle Pharaki Howni Thubru, General Secretary of Jowai Unit S Paslien and others handed over the tins.
Conrad said that at this meeting, the CPA has put forward issues including climate change, natural disasters and the need to provide roads for the connects the North East with the whole of India.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced the names of 15 U-19 players and four players who have already qualified for the BCCI Vinoo Mankad Trophy, which starts this month.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) has urged the Karbi Students' Association (KSA) not to hold the thylliej before reading without permission, which is threatening to create ethnic conflict. between the children of Bri U Hynniewtrep and the Karbi.
Shillong, Nailur 8: Three youths from Pynursla village have been injured when they were shot dead by the Officer Incharge (OC) of Pynursla Police Station, Ram Prasad Bhusal.
The company has also promised to manufacture these mobile tablets for two years if paid.
He said that those sheep dressed in sheep's clothing claim that there is no such thing as coal mining, but how many others have died in many parts of the state and their bodies have been found in coal mines. , They also said that there is no smuggling of coal while in the trucks they found dewbilat from above and coal inside. public.
On the other hand, these 'PM Poshan' day laborers expressed their difficulties in providing for their children, from school fees, uniform fees, book fees, copy fees and other necessities of their children. their.
“I am not that rich man, but the sign and counting that we are rich is that we are willing to join hands and support each other,” he said.
Mawmer Wahlyngkhat beat BOB Lyngkyrdem 1-1 in the tie-breaker.
Highlighting the progress in all sectors in the state, the Governor said, “connecting roads and roads is essential to build the future of the state.
Two cases in North Garo Hills, two cases in West Jaintia Hills and one case in South West Garo Hills.
One day he shot a big Niangkhlaw.
On 15th December 2014, the Govt.
The song was launched by Mawlai MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw in the presence of Mawlai Parish Parish Priest Fr Teles Nonglang, Mawlai Catholic Church Elders, Parents and Youth.
“He insisted that this day should be used every year to honor Bah Joy and the sixth child and he will write to all the ADCs to hold such a programme. every year.
Kharkutta constituency received the highest number of votes with 18,907 votes while Dikanchi constituency received only 5735 votes. Conrad won the most votes in the Congress-led constituency of which Cherak Momin is an MLA.
It was after it became public that he had fled but he has now been arrested and charged under the POCSO Act.
In fact, as a concerned woman, she should have thought with the village authorities whether they could still do anything and not talk to the village leaders like robbers.
In the city, even if the road is not cleaned, it is cleaned 2/3 times a year while in the countryside, if the vehicles stop and spring in the middle of the road, the government you don't believe it.
“I have expressed my concern over the long-standing issues, especially in relation to the plight of the people living in the border areas. “We will look for ways and means to resolve the issues of the people on both sides,” he added.
According to the findings of the union, the village does not have adequate schools, medical centres, safe drinking water, electricity and especially bad roads in all these areas.
Also present were the Minister in charge of C&RD Block, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs.
This disrespectful behavior of the Sirdar to the people of this village clearly shows his contempt for the village as a whole.
There are about 50 million dab and father cows in India, and most of them are dab cows used to ring the lyngkor.
Those who have resigned are Bah Kordorlyne Kharlyngdoh, President of the PDF Mawkyrwat Zonal Committee and Bah P. Paliar, Secretary of the PDF Mawkyrwat Zonal Committee. The Committee and Finance Secretary of the PDF South West Khasi Hills District have resigned from the party on 27th July The PDF party has resigned from Mawkyrwat Constituency to join the party of Bah Sounder Steong Cajee to give its full support to him for the MLA election from Mawkyrwat Constituency. in the year 2023.
Ma Rymbui urged the people to think carefully when electing a leader whom they will send to the Legislative Assembly to advocate for the welfare of the people of the constituency.
Shillong, July 8: Speaking at a public meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) in Wahiajer constituency today, his brother Ngaitlang Dhar said that their house is a It is a house blessed by God and it is also a house with a desire to serve the people.
Shillong: There have been 21 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the government will soon announce good news regarding the preparations to resume technological coal mining in Meghalaya after the Lok Sabha elections.
When asked about Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA of Mylliem, Dr. Lapang said that Bah Ronnie has only received the form, but he has not returned it.
The Meghalaya Tribal Teachers' Association (MTTA) has clarified that the blame for the decline in the ranking of NEHU should not go to the teachers but to the teachers. The Vice-Chancellor, Prof. SK Srivastava, who does not know how to run the University and who cannot gain the trust of the teachers, students and staff of the university as a whole.
Thus, the Net-Work also sets up a path to hear the voices of conversation.
However, the applicants have alleged that the college without any notice to the applicants, has already called for the written test on 27/7/2
According to a statement issued by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, the four coke factories that have received permission are Carbochem India, Shemphang Riangshiang, Rilangam Coke and Factory and MD Coke Factories. Permission to set up factories in West Khasi Hills District.
She mentioned the three schools set up by Thomas Jones in Sohra, Mawsmai and Mawmluh.
The suspect was identified as Alexander Lyngdoh of Namdong village, West Jaintia Hills District and lives in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
“Our desire to review the reservation policy is because we see that some of the shortcomings in the reservation policy are not just 40 to 40 because if we talk about Only 40 la 40 has been wrong and there are many articles and explanations about this 40 la 40 and it needs to be discussed carefully in this regard.
“For my part, I will provide the training by inviting qualified teachers from Mumbai, Delhi and other cities of India who have film industries or film production factories while Kong Toi will provide them. The head of ZEE TV said that the Institute will be equipped with everything from Sound Studios, training including Practical which is 80 percent, Theory 10 percent and 10 percent self Learning along with the necessary skills and equipment.
He said the government's goal is to empower the citizens, improve their income and create opportunities for a better life in terms of income from for all citizens.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The strike by the adhoc teachers under the umbrella of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) has reached its sixth day on Friday. On Saturday, they decided to continue their strike and wait for the Cabinet meeting to issue an order to increase their salaries by 18,000 rupees and an annual salary increment. to 5%.
The incident happened 5-6 months before 2021, when the man who came to deceive the farmers by offering to take the Sying at a higher price. tyngka per kilo, but his scientific method was not arrested but he was deceived until there was a bad reputation from the farmers. Etilda Rongrin, who is one of the market managers of Sying, was arrested.
Regarding the District Councils, the Government has set up a committee to monitor the expenditure in these three District Councils.
“We will support youth organizations and conduct awareness-raising programs aimed at empowering our society.
So Bah Jop ate alone so that he could open a shop.
Referring to the suggestion of the chiefs, he said the district council would take it seriously.
The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has declared a curfew across India on July 17, 2019 from 6 pm to 6 pm. as a protest against the shooting of doctors in Kolkata.
John 1:29.
Therefore, the KJBWA has decided to set up a new market in Ronghona.
The meeting was conducted by Most Rev. Dr. P. Lyngdoh and was attended by: Rev. ER Tongper, Rev. L. Ryntathiang, Rev. H. M. Wahlang, Fr. Barnes Mawrie, Rev. B. Dunai, Apostle RR Khongkrom, Mr. RO Wahlang, Fr ​​G. Nongneng, Fr ​​Felix Lyngkhoi, Dr. Mrs. BW Nongbri, Rev. SC Reade and Rev. EH Kharkongor.
According to the public opinion, no one wants to introduce any good idea to build the future of the country and the nation but this is difficult to implement in everyday life.
Prestone urged the people not to spread false news which could affect the peace and order in the state.
This comes after President Barack Obama sought the approval of Congress to empower the country's troops to fight ISIS in the Middle East.
B.Snaitang, Psychiatric Nurse, District Mental Health Programme, South West Khasi Hills District, spoke about the types of drugs and the various effects of drugs if a person uses them.
The incident happened at around 3 pm in Umsamlem area when the angry truck drivers blocked the road with stones and burnt tires to block the road.
in) NYK invites all women to take part in this 'Nari Shakti Fitness Run'
On the 10th November 2020, a 15-year-old boy who tested positive for Covid-19 has died at H Gordon Robert Hospital.
The competitions include the Arm Wrestling (Open Mawlai) from 27th November and the Carrom Board from 29th November to 1st March
Not only that, it was reported that some members of the Rohingya refugee group have been trying to smuggle into the Indian border at night and this could affect the peace and order in the country. state.
Why is this? To answer this is because the wisdom of us human beings we put behind our Creator who is God in all these things, the saying goes, “Education without God Produced clever devil”.
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District (SRSRBD) at its meeting today decided to file a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) against the SRSRBD. The state government has failed to pay the materials for the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) on time. implemented in various villages in Ri Bhoi.
In a statement sent by Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, Working President of the FKJGP Sengkmie, it said that these four organizations held an emergency meeting at the KSU office. Chief Leader of these Sengs.
The body of the deceased has not been recovered from the scene as no one has dared to come down and Bah SK Dewkhaid has urged the government to come and help to recover the body of the deceased. Bah Aiban said that night.
Iomaiki Lamare 47' & 52' scored two goals, while Cherishson Tyngkan scored 80'+3 to help Madankynsaw win the title. you can.
The villages which attended the meeting include Madan Bitaw, Laitnongrem, Dempluh, Lawkhla, Pyndenlitha, Mawkneng, Wahlang, Mawkynjing, Laitnong Rim, Laitkajaud, Laitdit Huh, Mawsniang, Nongspung, Wahsholait and Lailyngkho. They expressed their happiness to meet all those who are involved in the same work and decided to work together. together for the advancement, the perfection, of this traditional medicine.
Speaking to media, the President of the HSPDP East Khasi Hills, Bah Martle N Mukhim said that the reason for their visit to the MLA was after hearing rumors that he was going to visit the MLA. NPP will contest the upcoming elections.
He said that when he looked at the expenditure spent by the KHADC at the FOCUSS meeting of the group of MDCs from the North East held at Pine Wood Hotel, he was surprised to see in the newspapers that It has reached T.2,49,561 tyngka while in fact he said that even if it is too much, it will not exceed T.50 thousand tyngka.
She promised that if the Congress comes back to power in 2019, it will implement the Women's Reservation Bill.
In a statement, BJYM Meghalaya President Egenstar Kurkalang said that this decision was taken at a meeting of the party held today after discussing many issues.
Dozens of people have died in three states including Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Odisha in the past three days due to extreme heat waves. of the day, according to local doctors.
“After we get the number, we will understand what needs to be done,” he said.
He said that the use of mobile phones nowadays is very important but if misused it can lead to evil.
M.Passah, President Rotary Club Jowai, started the singing of the National Anthem with the participation of all the members of the club.
When asked whether the government will implement the Inner Line Permit to remove the fear of mynder coming by rail, the Congress leader said the central government has already made it clear that Meghalaya has to choose. The Prime Minister on the 6th of this month has informed that he is considering the construction of a railway line in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District. .
Phawar is the mother of Khasi poetry and the wisdom of our ancestors, our Nongkynti-hok to revive writing.
It also affected the relationship between Hosea and Gomer, the relationship became so strained that once one night Gomer did not come home.
They will compete in the final of the KJDSTA tournament to be held in June.
“We will wait until the scheduled time and if it doesn't work we will do whatever is necessary even to talk to NHAI,” said Ma Sniawbhalang.
In a letter to the SDO (C), the FKJGP said that the company's tortious construction of this road has put at risk the residents who live farther away from this road. for the manner of digging and the manner of breaking the ground is dangerous to the traffic.
“We will set up a Processing Unit and a Processing Center where the fish water will be packed in bottles with the names of the fish farming groups,” said Bah Banteidor.
How do the Dorbar Shnongs, Rangbah Shnongs, Seng Bhalangs in the villages feel about these issues? If there are villages that close, will they be arrested?
Without this, factories will not be able to start their operations whether they are new or intend to expand and expand their operations like Meghalaya Cements Limited.
Also present at the meeting was the Attorney General, KK Venugopal, who said that the money, which is not enough, cannot be taken from the Consolidated Fund of India.
I was tested for corona virus on 29 July as a precaution before I resumed my duty at Bethany hospital.
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC Umsning, Bah Sunshine Makri, one of the youths of Umsning; PP Yadav BMC, DSEO, RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, R Nongrum, Headmistress Persara UP School and other dignitaries.
Rupang has spoken to some people who have knowledge about electronic devices and they said that electronic devices can be stolen or hacked or tampered by people who know. The Head of Electrical of Shillong Polytechnic, Bah M Pyngrope, said that according to the information, the electronic equipment is capable of doing so. steal or transfer to those who know.
Throughout India, we see that the speaking of the mother tongue or the village language is very high, where the Prime Minister, the Ministers of the Government of India, speak only Hindi and Then the Prime Ministers and Ministers of Government, who speak in their own languages ​​and do not like to use English, where even in Parliament, those who know Hindi, benefit only those who understand Hindi. , while the unconscious lose a lot.
Shillong: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the KHADC in collaboration with the Hima Mylliem will conduct a cleanliness drive on the 5th July. ,2019 which will start at 8.30 pm and will end until the completion of the work.
M. Pala, Health Worker, Narwan Sub-Centre as Resource Person gave a speech on the topic of 'Food & Nutrition'
He recalled that the new Sanad has empowered the Rangbah Shnongs by a law approved by the Rules of KHAD Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen Rules 2015 which was passed in the Special Session of the KHADC. Thank you to the opposition MDCs Teiñwell Dkhar, Donkupar Sumer, Rona Khymdeit, Adelbert Nongrum and James Ban Basaiawmoit who put their party feelings behind them but came forward to sign. “It requires the signature of 20 MDc to hold the Special Dorbar, we have only 16 members, it is very difficult for us, but with their cooperation we have been able to hold the Special Dorbar. The dorbar and to pass the Rules,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
On the implementation of the Odd-Even, the DC said that this has been taken directly from the order of the court by mentioning two centres.
As part of the preparations for Christmas, the Lapangap Dorbar Shnong has launched a campaign to repair or fill the potholes on the dirt road from Khanduli to Lapangap on the 19th November.
So far, the candidates who have announced themselves for the North Shillong Constituency are Michael Kharsyntiew and M.Kharkrang who are still fighting for the BJP ticket, Sitting MLA Adelbert Nongrum and Ranson. Dr Aman War of the NPP, Bah JA Lyngdoh of the Congress and Elgiva Rynjah of the Trinamool Congress.
Ma Bylon Khyriem, General Secretary JHADC Pensioners Association, said that the meeting will be held at 11:30 am and the topic to be discussed will be the pension allowance of retired employees of JHADC. pensioners of JHADC to attend this meeting so that the meeting can go smoothly.
Das said that the tyrpad leaves were sold at T.35 per kilo for those who did not have trees while those who had trees were sold at T.20 per kilo.
His passing away has been a great loss to the state, to his children, to his family especially to Ampareen and other brothers and sisters who still need the guidance and strength. you are not in the world.
“We request all the people and political parties to join hands with us in this protest as a sign of solidarity,” said Bah Dohling.
The funeral service will be held on the 24th at the Presbyterian Church Nongpoh.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : The MDA government's failure to address the issues of school teachers from Adhoc, SSA, Deficit Pattern to Deficit teachers has discouraged their future and especially their education. education and literacy in the state.
On this day, the elders of the Seng Khasi Kmie will start the ritual at Lum Sohpetbneng, Umiam-khwan, GS Road at 7:30 pm and at the altar of incense, of Lum at 11 pm and will be followed by the distribution of khaw eh khaw shan and gold and silver water to all the guests.
“We demand that the government should appoint an IAS as the Deputy Commissioner in this district,” said JAC leader Raph Sangma.
That the Power and Dazzling Splendor of God shines and moves in the world.
Where are the police, where are the BSF and the law enforcement agencies, when all along the border, such incidents happen from time to time? Therefore, the Hima and Village authorities have the right to arrest such persons and to prevent their entry, even if they are Indian authorities, but they should also inform the Government authorities. these activities, are prescribed by the rules of law.
On the other hand, the union is ready to increase the price of pork only if the government allows the import of pork from outside the state.
Jowai, July 16: The District Commerce and Industries District, West Jaintia Hills District today launched a 15 day training program on the Skill Development Program (SDP) related to the construction of soil. Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya, IAS, West Jaintia Hills District was the chief guest to inaugurate the 15 days Skill Development Programme. , Joint Director, Commerce and Industries Department as the chief guest.
The EK Mawlong Memorial Trophy was organized by the Mawlasnai Sports Association, with the purpose of organizing the tournament as a sign of remembrance of his good deeds. L) Bah EK Mawlong, MDC and MLA of Umroi Constituency, for his contribution in many fields in the area.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Monday strongly condemned the attack by the BSF against an officer of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department and demanded punishment for the soldiers involved.
Rishab Purkayastha of Laban Bengalee Boys' High School, Shillong has secured first place in the HSSLC (Commerce) Stream.
The AJMMWU is under the umbrella of the All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRWLU) led by its president Khroo Lamsalangki Pariat, the leaders of the day laborers O Pariat and N. Toi and other farmers from East Khasi Hills have met face to face with the Prime Minister and submitted a petition demanding an increase in wages and other demands.
When inquired about the allegation of Sangma's desire to join the Rong Soh party, Shullai said, “I don't know about this, except that I have seen it in the newspapers.
Earlier, Knerktilang Buam had a beautiful shot but Langsning goalkeeper Surjay Kumar Pariyar had a good shot.
Finally, I send my condolences to the family members of Rangbah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, brothers, sisters, relatives, friends and relatives. Shillong: The Meteorological Department of India, in a statement today, has announced that there will be heavy rainfall on the 13th, 14th, 15th and 16th of this month. and the 17th of this month in the state as a whole.
However, the worst slavery today is the poverty of the people across India.
However, Nibon Marboh, who lives in Nongrah, who is the sister of Ibansara's father and mother, said that suddenly some relatives had the phone number of a friend of Ricky who lives in Guwahati and called him. He said that Ricky had told him that he would go to Snehalaya Ashrama with the priest.
Ms.Sneh Rana7
Paul said the World Health Organization (WHO) has not recommended that children be vaccinated first and that shows the facts that prevent the death toll and then the number of vaccines. who cannot get the disease.
According to the information received during the quarrying, outside the house of the Dolloi, there were also 30 speeches of condolences. These houses were stoned in fear of the women and children inside the houses.
After the crackdown on the International Border in Punjab, it was found that drug traffickers in Pakistan have started smuggling heroin in the border areas of Rajasthan and Gujarat, a source said. The news came from the CM and the Border Security Force (BSF).
He said that at that time, (L) Maieit Hoping had included many schools in the list of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
“On the day I left Shillong for Switzerland, eight days before today there was a meeting to discuss this issue and what I said at the Cabinet meeting, I cannot say. now because I cannot break the promise I made when I was appointed as a Minister of State.
In Malabar (South India) it is said that there is only one type of mealy bug that appears regularly in sohtrun.
Shillong: U Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Iewrynghep, who was also a former leader of the KSU during the tenure of President (L) Bull.
m in Shillong.
In a complaint lodged with the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, the PA of Bah Sanbor Shullai said, “A person through the phone number 9695747823 has claimed to be Bah Sanbor Shullai and sent a statement via WhatsApp to the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary and other officers of the department.
Expressing the spirit of solidarity with the relatives of the victims, the JSU said that it will continue to demand for justice for them.
Swelling of the stomach and weakness of the muscles.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Robert, who speaks Khasi fluently, said that the disease is spreading across the country because of the season and here in Meghalaya, those who get it. The number of cases has risen to 672 in East Khasi Hills alone and 1324 in the state from June to April this year.
Dr Sangma acknowledged that the Planning Commission needs to be reformed to adapt to the times.
Het Pohthmi, MDC War West, Deputy Chairman JHADC was the chief guest at the meeting which was conducted by E. Kyndait, LDA of the DSWO Office. That this day is a day of celebration all over the world for people with disabilities.
This comes as a protest is ongoing in front of the University against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA).
“Our victory is a difficult struggle without spending any money and the people support us and the purpose of us the people to form this party is the desire. of the people to see the change".
However, this did not end, as later they started fighting again and it was at that time, that Sharma, suddenly rose in temperature and threw himself from the floor above the building. the house where they lived with their wives.
Assam Police on the 8th of this month informed that the son of a robber who was involved in the rape and murder of a child has surrendered. He has been absconding from the custody of the police since the 3rd of this month.
He said the BJP wants the leaders to visit the state regularly because according to the Prime Minister, compared to other states in the country, the North East is not equal in development. it is similar to other states of India.
One of the decisions taken at the meeting was to include the Eastern West Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EWKHDCA) as a new association to join the MCA without a vote. to recognize 11 other District Associations as full members in the coming years.
Your Roster is not valid without a new Reservation Policy.
Other office bearers of the branch are Banteilang Warjri, Lamphrang Warjri, Wanbor Warjri, Ronald Warjri, Sngewhun Warjri, Wansngewbha Warjri, Regina Warjri, Nangroibha Warjri, Donald Kynsai Warjri and Niris Warjri.
The order read, " The resumption of classes for all schools in the state, as ordered as per the date set i.e. July 19, 2023, is scheduled on the 8 , Naitung until further notice.
He said that the two parties have also discussed the issue of the harassment of the residents of the North East and the North East of India whether it is under various Central Government laws such as the compulsion to use the the Hindi language and the widespread displacement of other ethnic groups whether in Meghalaya or Tamil Nadu.
We must understand this (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War are the Khasi tribes).
Jowai: It is not true that it is because of the election, but just because this happened during the election, some people have taken the opportunity to say that this is because of the election. Election in the Sutnga-Saipung constituency between Hopeful Bamon and Shitlang Pale, as the leading candidates without counting other candidates including Hambertus Nongtdu, former CEM of JHADC from Several vehicles of the BJP were stoned and one person was injured.
However, this order of the DM of the District will not affect or will not apply at all to the employees of the health department, those involved in the provision of food items and other items. essential commodities).
Mondal said that the production of electricity is excessively low compared to the electricity demand in the state.
As a woman, I can also say that I understand the plight of the people because I have experienced it from home”.
The ban is said to affect up to 10 million mobile users living on the India-Bangladesh border.
“When you spread out your hands, I will hide my eyes from you; your hands are full of blood.
You're 101 shit.
They said that they were tied with a lathi in front of Pynursla Police Station.
Lyngdoh said the reason why the NCP has supported Vincent Pala from Shillong and Daryl Ch Momin from Tura is because the NCP has not nominated a candidate this time. Since the NCP had no alliance with the Congress in the UPA I and II governments, the party has decided to support the Congress.
The Indira Bhavan was established by Assam in this sector after receiving the permission of the late CM Captain WA Sangma and it was agreed that the Guest House will be used jointly by both the States.
And by this faith he overcame the grave and death and was glorified by God and ascended again to the right hand of the Father.IX. TO PEOPLE: The Lord Jesus Christ mercifully remembers when He saw the multitudes that were scattered and scattered like sheep without a shepherd.
Sangma also requested the Union Minister to relocate all the students from CAU Imphal to the CAU Campus in Kyrdemkulai, Meghalaya until peace returns to Manipur.
In fact, Meghalaya has participated in many sports, including judo, swimming, tennis, yogasana, shooting and archery but no medals have been won since 30th July start this lympung.
To fight for and achieve justice and fairness, unemployment, health, education, to protect and develop one's own nation and so on.
“Everyone knows that this demand for the regional council was made by one person.
Therefore, when he had finished the 3 1⁄2 year sacrifice of the Jews, he would go and sit again in the Temple in Jerusalem. against everything that is called God or that is worshiped: so that he dwelt in the temple of God, which is at Jerusalem, setting himself up as God" (2 Thessalonians 2:4).
Meghalaya today won a gold medal in the Senior Men's 67kg category after Garry Daniel L. Mawlong defeated Doni Neri of Arunachal Pradesh.
JOWAI: U Ma Dawan Lyngdoh MDC Mynsngat Khanduli has inaugurated an integrated farming training at Ksehrynchang village, West Jaintia Hills. of Bethany Society through the MSSDS on Tuesday.
The ECC has also expressed its surprise that even the JHADC has ignored the complaint of the ECC, but the council has not yet shown any signs that it will take action to punish these factories. Seven people have died of COVID-19 in the state, bringing the death toll to 1346 on Thursday.
In the first leg, Mulang Ialong beat Moosalyngkat 2-0 with goals scored by Chalet Phawa in the 54th minute and Charelang Mulieh in the 60th minute.
The man has been diagnosed with refractory shock with Covid-19 pneumonia.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs of Shallang area, Odin D Sangma, in the presence of the Secretary and Assistant Secretary, have lodged a complaint against these three policemen. They robbed the village and demanded money from the people at Shallang Police Station.
The court will hear the case again on January 2, 2022.
Out of the 30,000 members, he said that most of the members are from East Khasi Hills, while from Jaintia Hills there are about 2500 members. He said that West Khasi Hills has only one vehicle and there is no vehicle from Ri-Bhoi.
The union has given 10 days to the government to remove the director, but due to the government's refusal to listen, the union has taken this step to expel the director from the office.
On the allegation that all the states except Meghalaya have decreased in cases of Covid-19, Hek said it is difficult to predict the incidence of Covid-19 even though they say that only Meghalaya has decreased in cases of Covid-1 The number of cases is still increasing but tomorrow it may be that other states will increase the number of cases.
They used to participate actively in the debates with us (NPP) in the House, but the Congress's struggle has weakened the Opposition.
Take a little facial cleanser in your hands and mix with a little water then apply on your face for a few minutes, then rinse with water and rinse.
The railway line is once again for the benefit of 5 factories and 4 scientific mining owners.
Speaking to reporters, Secretary of Nongspung Hima Michael Warjri said that Assam has built illegal roads in Patgoan, Jimbrigoan to Bakhlapara and from Mawdongki to Bakhlapara which fall within the border. of the Hima of Nongspung.
He urged the people to bring more and more supporters to the NPP from 1-Nartiang in the 2023 election so that it will reach more than 30,000 votes as this constituency has 45,000 voters. percent of the vote was cast in the election.
“If we had our own Medical College from the past, the state would not have a shortage of Health Specialists, but there would have been a shortage of Health Specialists who are indigenous to the state,” he said. “This will greatly assist the residents of the state in the field of health care where they will not have to go abroad for treatment which will affect their income especially those who don't have to earn money.
The AJYWO has also demanded that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council should not issue NOC to the State Government to build the railway line in East Jaintia Hills District. Jaintia Hills as a whole to strongly oppose the state government's plan to build a railway line in the district which is not yet needed.
Imports of essential arms by European countries increased by 47 per cent between 2013-17 and 2018-22, while exports of arms and ammunition to all countries of the world The total number of cases decreased by 5.1 per cent during the same period.
When you arrive today in Tura, the townships and villages have covered the beautiful colors after banners or posters, both large and small, have been carried on all the streets to show the sign of the city. is ready to host and hold this major sporting event in the State and to run smoothly.
The Seng has nothing to oppose their arrival, but the government has set aside the jhur market only for the farmers to sell their jhur.
The High Court has directed the Muktiar of the Government to meet with the officials of the PWD (Roads) Department to discuss the road and how to repair it before the rainy season.
Regarding the meeting of the KSU with the EE of PHE, the KSU said that after some families complained to the KSU about the lack of sanitation in the village.
“The Meghalaya Football Association alone needs an allocation of at least Rs 2 crore, Archery equipment alone has reached Rs 1 crore and Shooting equipment has reached Rs 2 crore,” he said. said Mr. Kharshiing.
Shillong: U MLA of Umroi constituency, Bah George Lyngdoh, today visited to encourage and support the contract teachers who have been sleeping overnight since the 7th of this month. They have been in front of the Secretariat for five days to demand that the city government should re-appoint them as teachers.
Of these, 59 are from Sadar upazila, three from Fenchuganj and Bianibazar upazila and one from Goaingha upazila.
The Congress candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah SV Osborne Kharjana, has strongly criticized the UDP party for turning away until a Khasi is no longer the Chief Minister of the state as the people of the state have wanted.
This will be the second time this year that MLAs will sit in the Dorbar.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, has called upon all the Rangbah Shnongs in the district, to manage the villages according to the directives and advice of the government and that is to renew their Community Covid Management Committee (CCMC)/ Behavioral Change Management Team (BCMTs).
Hep was very happy in his heart because he understood that there was nothing wrong with both sides.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 11: A landslide near the Tunnel at Sonapyrdi due to heavy rain on Thursday morning has caused traffic jam on the National Highway-6 at Sonapyrdi.
What happened ? At midnight the angels of God came to Sodom while Lot was sitting at the gate. Lot went to welcome those angels of God who had come to visit Sodom and Gomorrah by themselves. seeing the wickedness in the city.
He said that until now there are some land which should have started construction and there are many others where the government is still facing problems in land.
The cultural program featured traditional dances and dramas with the participation of the trainees.
“If I win again, the Land Bill needs to be implemented where the government attacks without regard to the District Council. it's shlei," she said.
Then you drink it.
The meeting was conducted by FC Chyne, Chairman of the Sports Committee in the presence of Area Manager of Apollo Tyres, Embhah Dkhar, Blooming Lytan Delear of Lytan Automobiles. Russel Nongrum, Symbud Waheh Shnong MA S Bareh, General Secretary ABM Shullai, Sports Secretary Helpme Shylla and other youth athletes of the village.
She said that he had already said when he won the election that he would not do anything to those who are not his supporters. “It will be looked into in 2018,” she said.
We see clearly that the distribution of employment has favored another ethnic group.
Isaiah soon after this proclaimed the good news about that Jesus (Immanuel) saying – Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign, saying, Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son; your name shall be called.
Perhaps only Rs 75 crore is enough to improve the quality of health care in health centers such as District Hospitals, Community Health Centres, Primary Health Centers and Sub Health Centres.
TWE Music hopes that through this concert, TWE Music will open the door to achieve all the goals of the organization.
Therefore, he said that the government should give full support to such youths who have a good intention to develop the community through various fields according to their ability.
We see that the Government of India in Delhi also looks forward to Shillong as the most prominent and important city in Meghalaya in terms of education and even in the North East of India as a whole.
Shillong, July 24: The Nongmensong Dorbar Secondary School will soon witness the start of the construction of a school building for the secondary education after 24 years of service. especially those from lower income families.
The present generation should know that in the past, the Khasi elders were able to advocate in the streets and to stir up victory in the public square.
“Because you are going your own way, we too will go our own way,” said the KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw.
Regarding the MLA election, he appealed to the people from the youth to the elderly and parents to support him so that he can reach his goal of serving the area and bringing about development.
These youths who also served as judges distributed prizes and Syrnod to the winners.
However, Madhav said in a democratic country, they can oppose but their opposition is not true.
Young people should remember to set targets in their studies, perseverance, hard work.
Shillong: A 14-year-old boy, Wanlambok Shynret, son of Barilin Shynret and Issac Bareh, of San Shnong Secondary School, Shillong, has been arrested. Mer left the city and home on July 28 to compete in the kura tournament which will be held from 2nd to 8th November in Haryana.
“Until these days, the power outage continues and we wonder why there is still a power outage where even the health centers have been severely affected by the power outage,” she said. KHNAM through a statement issued by the Working President, Bah Thomas Passah.
He said that he has worked closely with the PWD authorities to complete the cleaning of the road from Tynghor to Aradonga which is about 17 km away.
Other wickets were taken by Raj Biswa (1/30 in 6 overs) and Swarajeet Das for run outs.
Until you finish the job"
“The Organic Mission is not a wrong mission, because it encourages farmers to use organic fertilizers to grow stronger and in fact this is the initiative of the previous government. but the problem here is that since the use of these fertilizers the production of agricultural products has decreased by up to 45 %".
Bengaluru FC will hold trials for the U-13, U-15 and U-18 teams in July.
The compensation for rape will be T.50,000 and T.25,000 for physical injury, trafficking, kidnapping of women and the total amount will be T.75,0
Nongpoh: A group of ASHA workers under the Meghalaya ASHA Worker Union (MGWU) have lodged a complaint against two persons from Umjarasi village in Ri Bhoi District, for allegedly assaulting one of them. ASHA worker, while she was on duty to explain to the public about Covid-1
The body of the youth was found in many places and he had no mobile phone, watch, money and it is believed that the killers were robbers.
Due to the lack of Adhar number, their benefits are only about 10 percent, for infants and children aged 0-6 years and poor women.
So far, 28,936 people have been infected and 812 have died in Delhi.
However, we cannot say that the Khasi people have declined or declined in value because even today many of the families still hold on to the dignity and rights of the Khasi people. the people who know man know God.
“We request all the people of East and West Jaintia Hills to come forward to support and take part in the Dorbar Bah of Hynniewtrep Hills which will be held on the 30th of July at Polo Ground,” said Bah. Ryngkhlem said that it doesn't matter if he supports the KHADC, but after it has been implemented in KHADC and JHADC, it will also be necessary.
We have released funds to the villages through the Deputy Commissioners to implement the construction and improvement of the wells and grounds and to paint the wells and others.
Jowai, Lber 31: The Jowai Circle today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District who is also the Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA). Many old trees (Kseh) along the road and near the houses around the city of Jowai.
Confirming these office bearers of Mawhai Circle, Bah Bullet Marbanniang, urged these youths, to work honestly in their work and that is to work for the good of the community, as well as also for the sake of the country and the nation.
He said that the Manipur Legislative Assembly has passed a law to implement the ILP system in Manipur three times, but in 2018 the BJP and NPP governments have agreed to implement the ILP.
The Congress was in opposition but later collapsed after 12 MLAs left to join the TMC and now all five Congress MLAs who were suspended have left the party. The Congress has lost 21 MLAs this year after being punished by the party for joining the MDA government. The TMC is the best MLA in the state as it has 12 MLAs from Jiro.
“How many people are against Dr Mukul Sangma, there are only about 8,” said one of the MLAs close to Dr Mukul Sangma.
The Inquiry Commission headed by the Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (RTD) T.Vaiphei, on Tuesday submitted its report to the Chief Minister. months to prepare a report after up to 20 hearings.
Shillong: The BJP has urged the state government to refrain from taking a hasty decision on the merger of colleges with the Captain Williamson Sangma State University.
On this occasion, not only in sports, she has tried to hold this competition as a sign to encourage the youth to participate in such competitions to showcase their talents.
Now that this work is in Delhi, we don't know how much the State Government can convince the Government leaders in Delhi to include the Khasi Language in the Khyrnit Baphra,” said Dr. Lighter.
School was scored by Kindness Mukhim 68'
KABUL: Fighting between Afghan troops and Taliban militants has intensified in recent days.
LSD control procedures and recommendations including vaccination, treatment and surveillance are distributed to the states/UTs for implementation to control the disease with a schedule.
There are so many areas that need to be talked about and understood.
This village road is about 3 km long and has been badly damaged especially during the rainy season.
“We don't want to go to the people in the midst of the loss of salary of the Council especially during the election and anyway the salary should be received before the MDC election,” said CEM Pasmon Dkhar. However, with the cooperation of all the MDCs, they have been able to contribute to the completion of this Additional Office Building and it was inaugurated today.
He who takes him as his servant, let him regard himself as his father, to look after him, and to be like his father, to look after him, and to help him.
“Lurstarwell Rani is a man who lives only by working in the forests and who goes to work when people call him. Therefore, this allegation and what has appeared in this newspaper, is groundless,” said the officials.
Now it is seen that more and more people will contest from the BJP, including women.
However, the religious practices during Lent differ greatly between the Orthodox, Catholic and Protestant Churches.
Shillong: Punjab and Mizoram will face each other for the title of the Dr BC Roy Trophy on Friday at the JN Stadium, Polo.
Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; for it is the number of a man: and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.
It is to be recalled that the Sengkhihlang has not been able to hold its tournament in the last two years due to the outbreak of Covid-19 across India and the state, but This year, the Sengkhihlang has been given the opportunity to hold this 10th Annual Lympung.
All bonded warehouses are allowed to open from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM from Monday to Saturday.
He said that as an MLA, he will continue to monitor this issue until it is completed.
In the KHADC bill, there is a “duh ing” but now we have given a “duh iap duh” to a household that does not have a daughter to inherit.
However, they are not a threat, because they can be controlled by taking the necessary precautions and maintaining a disease-free environment in an effort to continue producing. these kinds of fertilizers.
In a letter to Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, the President of the KSU said that the recruitment of 194 posts of Nursing Officer has been conducted by AIIMS, New Delhi through NORCET-5 Nursing Officer posts have been appointed by men and only 19 posts have been appointed by women and 15 are Meghalayans.
May the Peace and Joy of Christmas be with you all.
If it doesn't, why don't they know,” said Bah Dkhar.
Jowai, March 13: A meeting of SSA teachers of East and West Jaintia Hills District will be held on the 17th of this month at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai. at 10 o'clock in the morning.
I mention only the road but many parts are in order. 13 Ukrainian soldiers, who were in the countryside, refused to surrender to Russian troops and thus, were shot dead.
However, it has been learned that the BJP leaders who have been with Bah Khlur since he was President have not agreed with the speech of their new President in these days especially his speech to the people. the reporters were about two or three times.
If someone encroached on your property, would they have peace? For 76 years, India has never experienced or will experience any peace.
Titos said that if this law is implemented, many cases should not be heard by the Kashari District Council and the government courts will also have the authority to take decisions that cannot lead to the border. The Kashari District Council shall be established.
Both matches will start at 9 pm at Jrisaleiñ Stadium.
It was renamed Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited on 7th June, 1974 and became an Undertaking of the Government of Meghalaya.
The price of the mur to escape is too high.
“This video is the most recent and one video was in July this year where there was a loading of coal in trucks,” he said.
The prayer of the people of God with one prayer and supplication, is to accept the will and rule of God for the peace and prosperity of the people of God. Shillong: U Bah Riangkhwat Khonglah (58), of Huroi, East Jaintia Hills, was admitted to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong on 29th June 2021 and died on the same day.
Meanwhile, Abhishek Gupta, Chartered Accountant of the bank, said that a thorough investigation is needed into the matter.
Several days after the death of Victoria, Dispur police have suspended two policemen and later arrested a man who used to be close to Victoria, Manbha Kumar Hajijam Syiem. He lives in Shillong.
On November 1, the winners will receive a cash prize of T.10,000 and the runners-up will receive a cash prize of T.
Therefore, the implementation of this Policy requires the leadership of many agencies such as MHRD, CABE, Central and State Governments, Ministries related to Education, Departments in charge of Education. the State, Boards, NTA, School and Higher Education Authorities such as NCERT, SCERTs, Schools and Universities by strictly following the implementation timeline along with many preparations for review ( review) to ensure that the policy is implemented as intended.
He said that this is an opportunity for Meghalaya, which is fighting against the shortage of electricity, which the government is struggling to improve so that the rural areas can also get electricity and the government has taken action. to provide electricity that will be affordable to the public.
“The Youth Association in collaboration with the NRE Pageant India Pvt.
It conducts awareness programs and training sessions for people with disabilities.
In the final match between Rasong and BlueBomber, the match was not very interesting to watch in the first half. In the second half, Rasong had the opportunity to score the first goal but due to the good play and strength of the Blue Bomber, Rasong couldn't stop the Blue Bomber from scoring. Rasong scored two goals to beat Rasong 2-1 and won the title with a cash prize of 2 lakh tyngka and a trophy. hundreds of local football fans.
“The State Election Committee (SEC) of the party has met on the 16th of this month and after careful consideration, a decision has been taken – to nominate Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon as the candidate of the VPP. “For the MP elections next year,” said the Vice-President and Chairman of the SEC, Dr. Kara Chen.
Regarding this news, Paiem Ken Syiem, on the other hand, has rejected the demands of the KHADC and Hima Mylliem, saying that the allegation led by Bah Ioanis Narleng, Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem, Baridua and Bah Hemu Maner against him were not for any reason, but only because of personal enmity with Paiem Ken Syiem.
Most of the time, people in ancient times traveled on horseback or on horseback.
The goal is also for India to become a developed country in all aspects after it has completed 100 years of independence from 1947 to
The seminar was conducted by Rahul Chatterjee.
But to man God said, “Let Us (In Trinity) create man in Our image, according to Our likeness.
He also explained that the Hima has donated up to 73 lakh tyngka to other churches outside the Langrin Hima.
Pyndap Pyrtuh scored 32' and Heltwiss Pyrtuh 37' respectively.
Khliehriat, Lber 21 :The Superintendent of Police, IPS, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, in a statement, today said that the Umkiang Patrolling Post on the evening of the 20th of this month, Police have seized 68 kilos of heroin wrapped in brown tape after a search of vehicles passing through the NH-6 at Damcherra, Kuliang.
When asked whether the approval is a sign of the increase in income of the state, the Minister expressed his satisfaction by saying that the approval and certification given by the Central Government on the the ground is clear.
At the same time, the Minister said that at present, livestock farming is not included in the list of industries but food processing is an industry.
He said that compared to the national parties, no one recognizes them beyond Guwahati without even talking to Delhi.
Bah Tourist, who conducted the meeting, said that the MRDS has provided training to the farmers especially in the field of accounting and how to set up jobs in the villages. The government has abolished this MRDS which will disappoint them as it has benefited the farmers.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong through A.Lanong, Secretary Chilliang Raij, urged the DC to take action on this issue.
Aashih K Lohar scored 18 runs for Shillong at 78/9 before Rohit Sharma scored 21 runs from 12 balls to help the team win the match. 100 rounds.
Donal K. Kharai scored the first goal for Youngest Boys FC in the 22nd minute.
Later, the Sixth Schedule was inserted in the Constitution for the purpose of protecting the rights, customs and culture of the indigenous people in the State of Assam, although there were no special provisions in the Constitution. for the Khasi Hills, although they have already signed the Instrument of Accession along with the strong provisions of the Annexed Agreement.
According to the information received by this reporter, the authorities in charge and the contractor who is building the school, have given the reason that the ease of completion of the school, is due to shortage of government funds.
Rymbui said that the coming forward to propose peace talks shows that the members of the party also want to see peace and stability in these countries.
JOWAI: The case against the election of the Chairman of the JHADC may come to an end on the 18th of this month.
As a party, which has intelligent leaders, they should also be wise and intelligent to elect leaders and candidates in this MDC election, not to look or believe only in the opinions of the people. but should be careful about their behavior and work.
At the same time, he encouraged and urged the doctors to promote medicines that work the same but differ only in price.
“I have ordered the workers to clean up once again so that it will look like the same and many projects in Umphyrnai village have almost been completed and the remaining work is about 10 kilometers long,” said Bah Lambor.
When both of them were ready, they left for Robert Hospital, Jaiaw.
According to the leaders of the Taxi Drivers Association, Bah Aijingsuk has been charged under the Act without bail.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has banned foreigners from trading or working in Nongjri.
Giriraj's remarks referred to Bah Hek and the BJP in the state.
“We have tried to provide affordable health care because we have put health first and for that reason many PHCs we have upgraded to CHCs to jan the care of the people.
The coal mining has happened only in Meghalaya and has affected the income of the people of East Jaintia.
However, the angry mob was still there in the area where the house was located, because they had set fire to the house along with the belongings, documents and leaves and had also cut down the trees. water.
It is clear that the government does not have the will and leadership,” the High Court said.
On the other hand, the government has provided space for the shopkeepers on the bridge by giving them space to set up shops on top of the parking lot.
Margareth Porhmen, 58, one of the most famous singers in the state, was buried today at the Catholic Church Laitumkhrah.
The Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) has not stopped talking about the incident at Mahadev Khola on Tuesday and is still trying to show that it was a robbery of a place of worship. East Khasi Hills has already clarified that what happened has nothing to do with any religion.
To recall, in those early days of India, after the departure of the British Government, the Assam Government, which was still young, moved to Mikir-North Cachar Hills, which has now become Karbi Anglong. more than 350 Jaintia villages in 1951 which were within Block 1 and II, just because they were closer to Karbi Anglong for administration.
Therefore, not only the US, but other countries have also fought to evacuate their citizens who are still in the country because of the war.
Those who took part in the tree planting ceremony urged the people not to be hostile to these trees which have been planted for the sake of preserving the environment and also to help mankind in this tree planting ceremony. earth.
“If no one is willing to take them here in Shillong, we should send these STEMS buses to colleges and schools in other districts,” said Rakkam.
If the fine is imposed on the police or the public, please phone the Dy CM first.
Joyfullness Ryntathiang, Assistant Co-ordinator UDID Project Khasi Hills District, said that the camp was organized to make it easier for the people of the area to get medical check-up and to obtain a Unique Identification Certificate which is essential for access to schemes and other benefits relating to persons with disabilities.
When we talk about the house, we don't mean only the big houses or the streets, but we mean the father, mother and children, even if it is small, when there are these three, it is the house.
The government uses them at will for its benefit.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The relatives of a truck driver, who was shot dead by the police in Iewmawlong last night, have been released today and no complaint has been filed against him. him.
Adhar was first enacted to facilitate the subsidy and ration bills under the MGNREGA (Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Government Act)
Justice Rekha Patil, who heard the case, took the decision while hearing the father's demand that various government authorities should recognize his caste after the the name of his daughter, instead of knowing the tribe of his mother.
Shillong, Sep 24: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (U-19) Inter District Cricket Tournament (U-19) has come to an end on Saturday. Meanwhile, the match between East Jaintia Hills DCA and Shillong Cricket Association B was canceled due to rain.
According to a statement issued by the club, the contract is for one year and can be extended once again.
In accordance with this nationwide initiative which started on 1st March, NYKS Shillong has launched the Clean India Programmeha in various villages through its Volunteers Youth Club and various groups of the state on the day of commencement of this work.
In another match between Mynthong and Sohmynting, Mynthong and Sohmynting shared 10 points after failing to score until the end of the match.
Expressing his desire to open the way for the youth as usual, Bah Teibor said, “If I win as MLA, I will continue to lead my children, the beloved youth of Mawlai village who are educated and who need only guidance to show them what they can do according to their education.
This has been a major problem which has affected especially the poor residents in many ways as well as until they can no longer buy Umbam Umdih from anywhere else.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Phira Rani, who has contested 12 elections, said that in Laitumkhrah there are many poor people. Egenstar Kurkalang from Nongkrem said that the PDF will remove the High. to low and to set only the level or the same.
On this occasion, they also honored the young men and women who were willing to come forward to dedicate their body and soul to the work of the village in relation to life and death.
In the evening, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Government of Meghalaya, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, former MLA of Umroi. Constituency, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, former Vice President of RBSU, RBSU leaders, elders of the area, school teachers, people from all over the country who came to witness this sports meet. local school children.
“I have said that any decision taken by the government should be based on the consensus of the people involved to ensure that this issue that has been going on for decades will be resolved,” he said. to the media.
Programs like Aspire Meghalaya can help them by giving them the opportunity to showcase their talents and also encourage them to expect something better for their future.
Former Home Minister Kumar Waii, who is also the leader of the NPP, said that the killing of Aboh was an act of political hatred and warned that no party politician, who uses firearms during elections, should face severe punishment.
?" asked Rida again as she gathered and closed the shop.
The population of Meghalaya is about 32 lakh.
It was also reported that the Government has offered jobs and money without written notice.
Teachers who fail to meet the standards will have to give an answer.
The two deceased include two children aged 3 years, another child aged 2 years and the surviving child aged 4 years.
The four MDCs were welcomed by the General Secretary in-charge of Meghalaya, Nalin Kohli.
Ayman al-Zawihiri, the world's most deadly terrorist, was shot dead at his residence in Kabul on Sunday morning.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, today visited Nongrim Jirang village on the Meghalaya-Assam border. He said that he wants to bring about change in the country. villages in the area, especially as the area where he serves is on the border with Assam.
He said that for this reason, there is a need for improvement in terms of rebuilding so that it can provide adequate services.
We need to be clean in our work, in our speech, in our thoughts, and in our administration as well.
The teachers demanded that the government should take over only the teaching profession and not the school management.
The State Government has invested a lot of money in the Disaster Management Department, where they have been conducting physical exercises on the highways to prevent earthquakes, floods. fire and so on; However, the truth is that these incidents do not give time, when they happen and they come suddenly and when they come at 3.30 pm, where are the employees of Disaster Management and it shows that they have nothing to do with it. to assist in this tragic incident.
In Jowai, one of the villages of the city has arrested a foreigner who came to the village even during the lockdown.
In the Under-14 category, Mihmyntdu Secondary School beat Shangpung Govt.
We are told that the rich man lived in luxury without worrying about food, drink, clothing and all his earthly needs.
“As responsible educators we cannot just watch students miss out on the education they deserve.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the meeting, President Bah Aristotle Rymbai said that the arrear has been cleared to come into force from 1st June, 2016 in two parts. qualified and unqualified teachers and those who are not qualified or unqualified.
It is understood that the former CEM of KHADC will continue his strike which he started on Saturday to force the government to pass the Village Administration Bill of KHADC. Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice TNK Singh said that Bah Nongrum should file his appeal against the decision and submit his reply before the date of the next hearing.
Shillong, July 11: A meeting and march convened by the Thma U Rangli (TUR) led by Angela Rangad and CSWO Agnes Kharshiing has decided that the Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya HDR Lyngdoh should resign after taking responsibility for the incident at the Marvelene Inn Hotel of his son, Nathaniel O Rymmbai.
“Being back in Mumbai City is the best decision for me.
The members of the union have done their duty to question these mynder because it is also during the hours when the state government has imposed a curfew, because it has been found that these mynder have been After conducting an investigation, the members of the union informed the authorities. The police officer phoned the Umsning Police Outpost and expected the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action. These authorities shall continue without any restrictions.
At the same time, she urged the MLA to follow up with the government to set up a Fire Service Station in Laban for the benefit of the people.
It is also surprising that it has taken more than two months for the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, to speak on the incident in Manipur since the beginning of the conflict.
“We get only 20 minutes of light a day, but we don't know why the electricity is cut off when there is no need for maintenance or loss of lines in the area,” said Bah Minot.
The injured woman has been identified as Khuni Killing, while the 44 houses damaged by the cyclone are in Umsalani and Umsaliang villages.
In the second innings, Mizoram lost two wickets but managed to score in 16.3 overs.
Until the end of the match, Lajong didn't manage to score any more goals and lost.
Members of the Joint Committee in the capacity of Additional Secretary/Joint Secretary from both countries, shall monitor and consider from time to time any needs in relation to these border markets.
Why should the Rangbah Shnongs be banned from participating in the Hima politics besides being volunteers and unpaid employees whether it is from the government or KHADC? In this regard, even the MDCs should resign from the post of MDC before contesting the MLA elections as they are paid by the KHADC and especially as they are in charge of the MLA elections. protect the culture and land of the nation.
But the father did not come.
The Prime Minister also requested the cooperation of the Government of India for the Prime Minister's Gram Sadhak Yojana (PMGSY) and the Prime Minister's Awareness Yojana (PMAY).
College, Jowai and Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai to participate in the consultation in the presence of Waheh Shnong, Secretary Shnong and others.
Adelbert said this by bringing a zero hour notice in the House today, in which he expressed his concern in the House over the incident on the 16th of November, where a woman She had to give birth to her baby inside a commercial vehicle and died shortly after, and this incident occurred only because the vehicle in which this woman was sitting was stopped in the middle of the road for 3 hours due to the presence of fish fishing festival and lucky draw at a pond on the roadside in Pamphyrnai.
Prestone said that in fact these villages will still fall under Pynursla Civil Sub-Division because they are closer to Pynursla compared to Sohra. possibly because in a democracy you have to listen to the demands of the people.
On the other hand, a person needs to be born again.
North Garo Hills has 8 cases, Ribhoi 93, high risk 37, ILI 13, Khweng 6, Rangmen 15 and Umiam
Bihar managed to score against Meghalaya through the good performance of the rangtied which lasted until lunchtime.
Lahkmen Rymbui announced this at a short meeting held at Nongtalang College and also issued a sanction letter for the payment of salaries to 34 out of the 40 teachers and staff of the college.
It is learned that on that day, these Magistrates and Police, have broken down the tax collection gate at Umru, while the gate at Sabuda, they did not find anything, but they ordered the guards at These Khyrdop should not collect taxes from the farmers who transport agricultural products and use this road.
This is only the initial protest against MeECL, but if MeECL does not resolve the issue immediately, the union will take other measures. more aggressive measures, he added.
The importance of pursuing this worldly wealth affects the time to think about morality in society.
Our leaders at that time did not take action on this issue because in 1976 the political turmoil started after Captain Sangma decided to overthrow the APHLC and HSPDP. of politics in Meghalaya where legislators are busy fighting for seats and moving from one party to another and there is no time to sit in the rule of law.
They trust the VPP more than any other political party.
The incident occurred after a woman strongly opposed the statement of a sadhu in Gujarat, who said that those women who shet ba tiew, during their menstrual period, will turn into ksew. himself, in their second birth.
On the other hand, Sangma said talks have been held with the Bangladeshi official to work together to boost income by operating flights from Dhaka-Sylhet and Shillong.
On the same day, the Vice President of the party, Bah James Lyngdoh and Bah Shongdor Diengdoh also confirmed Bah Batskhem as the Convener.
Jowai, Naitung 07: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Jowai Nangbah Stadium.
The one who doesn't have money when he wins will believe in those who have already bought, but he will live to hide his expenses and how to multiply by 1000 shah what he has spent so that those who have won in his household they shall be greater than others.
However, as it is the right of everyone to exercise their will, it is necessary that they receive public education or training on how to appreciate their leaders so that the state and the country itself The whole country will be able to have those leaders who are worthy and who will be of benefit to society and progress in all aspects.
If the Civil Sub Division is not given, “Isn't it true that the city has lost its strength?” because nothing can be done yet, they asked.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 1022 active cases followed by West Garo Hills 528, Ri Bhoi 169, West Jaintia Hills 89, South West Garo Hills 94 and South West. Khasi Hills 66, Eastern West Khasi Hills 57, North Garo Hills 66, South Garo Hills 41, East Jaintia Hills 32, West Khasi Hills 34 and East Garo Hills
How much should parents know that they have to give freedom to their children? Giving freedom to their children is also a preparation for them after they grow up.
The EJHDFA has also announced that the interclub transfer market will start from 15-24 July.
Therefore, he urged the people to join hands and support the VPP to shape a new form of governance in the state, which will be a transparent, impartial governance. a rule that benefits all.
However, God has already fulfilled His purposes to make His Word (Bible) available to all peoples of the world, although the journey of the Bible is thousands of years long but The Bible, the Word of God, has not failed, for God Himself has said – “That word which goeth forth out of my mouth shall not return unto me void; but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing wherein I sent it" Isaiah 55:1
In a statement, NEHU said that Prof Shukla took the opportunity to call for talks with the MCTA on their continued strike for Non Cooperation.
“We hope that our Leader and the Ksiang will work together to bring peace and stability, and they too will play an important role in their own power,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 1: Umshynrut village is an old village, but until now it has not had a proper road which can improve the income and livelihood of the people. The area includes Shiliangrynniaw, Tlon, Phodjalei, Umshynrut and other villages in the area.
He expressed his gratitude to the party leaders who led the committee and urged the government to set up the Expert Committee.
Nongstoin, 02 Lber:Shallang Police Station together with the SWAT team last night conducted a raid on one of the check posts in Rongtok, which is located south of Shallang WKHD. Police are continuing the raid until this morning and while the police are continuing the raid at 7 pm, a heavy gunfire broke out between the GNLA and the police. SWAT at the scene.
S.Tariang, Vice-President MBSG-West Jaintia Hills, said that this meeting will bring about unity, solidarity and mutual respect. to carry on business without any conflict of interest.
Shillong: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), Shillong, is preparing to translate all the textbooks of students, literature and textbooks into different languages. of this area, as outlined in the New Education Policy
The MLA was returning home with his supporters when they opened fire nine times on the group. Ashok Mann, one of the AAP supporters, was shot dead. he died in the shooting.
The farmers of the fields are crying and crying only in their own houses, no one is listening.
Kishan scored six fours off 15 balls.
He said that according to the protocols of the Ministry of Health, it encourages people to quarantine at home and the ICMR has also changed the protocol to do so. Quarantine for high risk and positive cases will be for only 10 days.
So far, Delhi, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Bihar, Haryana, Assam, Goa and the Union Territories have been severely affected by the disease.
Online training methods will continue and be encouraged.
But the Jews (Israel).
They said that the contractor should come out with the Rangbah Shnong of Mawdiang to discuss the allegation.
On the other hand, the ISO leaders said that they are deeply concerned about the incidents of theft of question papers and also about the decision of SEBA to suspend the examination.
The purpose of the meeting is to improve the efficiency of operation in relation to other villages and at the same time to be close to Shillong, Meghalaya, said a statement from Bah Ktawbinson Mawkhiew General Secretary. Shillong: U Bah Standing Khongwar (39), son of Slim Khongwar, of Khyriem, Mawphlang, has gone missing from his home since 1st July 2022 at Madan Lyngktop, Mawphlang.
He said that all these things are going smoothly in the BJP and there is no difference of opinion among the leaders.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) through its Chairman, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, said that they are shocked by the incident in Mukroh. The incident occurred on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, which has claimed the lives of seven people.
Elvis Dkhar, District Organizer (S) and Chwadaka Laloo, Guides Captain welcomed the guests. at the end of the day he gave me a greeting.
The Israelites went to Egypt because of the famine in Canaan, and only 70 of them settled in Egypt.
KSU Muthlong Unit and KSU Jowai Unit have rushed to the scene to warn all those involved and at the same time the KSU has ordered the management of the toll gate to At the same time, it has ordered to punish all those involved in the shooting.
Ripu is the mother of Cariyoka and Billford.
Inside my heart, a thlen spirit stirred up the song: “My food is by longbriew and my income is by wealth.
Overshiland Sangriang, Sordar of Sangriang Village, said that the tower has caused a lot of damage to the people who use the mobile phone. Company.
The teams that will play are Moosiang Lamare New against Byndehati.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the CCIB, Bah Sukkynjai Marchiang, said that on November 3, government officials came to Rhongkhong village. Amlarem Civil Subdivision, West Jaintia Hills District, to start the erection of signboards from the site, despite the strong opposition from the land owners.
If the soil is fertile, the plant can lodge when it is well grown.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the loss of hundreds of lives in the earthquake in Nepal on Thursday night.
He said they have decided to suspend the strike until the 15th of April.
Dame Zaha Hadid, who drew the stage.
After 86 days, on the night of 31st March 2019, Kashmir was divided,” said Bah Sainkupar.
“At this meeting, we have already looked at and reviewed all the special projects implemented by NHIDCL, and we are hopeful that these projects will be implemented and completed on time, " said the Prime Minister.
I agree with the statement of a friend of mine, she said that it is the Christian faith that keeps us as a nation, otherwise we would have been slaves in our own country.
They are women, one is 64 years old and the other is her daughter, 23 years old. They are from Kamjong district.
Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik presided over the award from the hands of legendary cricketer Sunil Gavaskar and Sureh Nambath, Editor of The Hindu. .
Bah Titos said that if he wins because he belongs to the ethnic party he will have to speak on issues that are for the ethnic groups and urged the people not to be misunderstood.
Regarding the ticket, he said he wants to contest from the UDP party if he gets the ticket and if he doesn't get the ticket he will have to consult with his supporters before proceeding.
The arrest of him is an important step in the restoration of peace and to ensure the punishment of all those who cause riots that affect the peace and order.
“Well when I was your husband then, it was right for you to feel that way.
When time is ours, how can we say that we have time?
Angela said the government should introduce measures to allow them to earn by issuing permits and introduce rules to regulate the two shaka.
Therefore I urge you all, brothers and sisters, not to despise or despise the mothers and children.
The scheme aims to promote and recognize pilgrimage destinations across the country to promote religious tourism.
Bah Rymbai was arrested on 25th July by the CID in connection with a complaint against him on 12th November, 2012 in connection with allegations of forest corruption at Umsawkhwan village in Ri-Bhoi.
They can register before 14th November, 2022 and then collect their admit cards to take to the recruitment centre.
At the same time, he said that the Hima Malai Sohmat, before Ardent came as CEM in KHADC in 2014, he brought and completely changed the customs and traditions of the Hima of Khaddar rule. the Hima is the one you have appointed as King of the People.
Bah Syiem said they have identified some of the people involved in the attack on Thursday.
Not only that, even the Peoples Democratic Front (PDF), which is a new political party that won four MLAs, has had to support the MDA Government and cooperate with other allies.
The VPP has announced a cleanliness drive for the Nonbah River and Nongstoiñ Market on the 1st of March, from 10 am to 10 pm. until 11 pm, and various government offices have been directed to send 40 employees as well as the public to participate.
Jayanta is a resident of Chandrapur, Bazaricherra while Archana is a resident of Baraigram.
“The victory of VPP president Ardent Basaiamoit, who said he had already won, is just a dream in the morning,” said PT Sawkmie.
The question here is to have a government that can free the state from the crisis that has happened in the past five years,” he said after the swearing-in ceremony of the new candidates for the Legislative Assembly. Rilbong on this day.
Perhaps we can say that although the Hillstate fighters have given us the state but without borders we have seen their mistake, but why our present leaders don't do that if The ancestors have given us the state even though the border is small the leaders should do that we elect them for the benefit of us the people, has the government ever brought up the issue to discuss What is the border of the state within the Legislative Assembly?
The problem of land shortage is not only in Shillong, but also in other parts of the state.
According to information received from the Ri-Bhoi Police, the cause of the accident was due to the negligent driving of the driver of the truck. can no longer be controlled.
GSI wants to declare Mawsmai Crematorium as a Geo Site The Geological Survey of India (GSI) North Eastern Region (GSI) is ready to declare the area around Mawsmai Crematorium in Sohra as a geo site. The Meghalayan Age will be known as the Meghalayan Age after scientists established the age of the earth from the examination of rocks from this period. you cream.
In another source, it was reported that there was also a dispute over the land in Amlanai between the Amlanai Village Authority led by the Rangbah Shnong and the land owners of the Manner clan from Trangblang.
It should immediately apologize to the entire country".
“When we send it, it is up to the government how they will act.
The understanding of the people on this important issue has led thousands of children of Hynniewtrep to realize the need to unite to achieve their demands and rights.
I personally if we allow Mathematics to be an optional paper, many students will not take this subject, this will be true but now in this age of higher education without mathematics it will be something unacceptable but I think we can prepare well, we have the same mindset as others on this earth and I think the time has come for us to look into it and take I'm sorry,” said the Minister.
Police have arrested nine people in connection with the bombings, which targeted three churches and four hotels.
Many of those who watched this video, couldn't help but smile, because the melody, lyrics and character of this Heprit fits well with this song, for that reason it touches their hearts. listen to this song.
He said that in these days, even in the mechanical work, the manufacturers use laptops to check and see if the vehicle is damaged. the days wherein ye worked in all manner of work.
The order will come into force in three constituencies, namely 8 Nongkrem, 15 Laban-Mawprem and 22 Nongspung-Sohiong, from today until the end of the elections.
JOWAI: The Dolloi of Amwi Elaka, Ma J Pyrtuh, has announced that Ma Lephing Pyrtuh has been appointed as the Waheh Shnong of Sohmynting Village after winning the election for the Waheh Shnong held on the 13th of this month at Sohmynting Village, West Jaintia Hills. District.
Regarding the stinginess in the completion of the bridge, the FKJGP SRZ said that it will soon meet with the EE PWD (Roads) Sohra Division and the Chief Engineer PWD (Roads) Shillong to install the bridge. demand for the immediate completion of this bridge.
SE Electrical said that the top um will be able to supply 135 liters of water per day per person and 8 million liters per day.
According to reports, the incident happened at 4 pm at Pana, one of the villages in Jowai.
“After the office of the SDO and JHADC ordered me to open the market by providing members of the COVID-19 Management Committee, I announced to open the market. “It's been in Jaraiñ since the 17th of this month,” said the Dolloi.
The driver and those inside the truck could not be identified.
However, I would like to clarify that it is only my opinion to say that the State where most of the leaders in the political system are Christians and most of the citizens are Christians, because Meghalaya according to the census In 2011, there were about 75 Christians.
The Public Hearing which was scheduled to be held today was canceled as the people and civil society groups opposed to the mining project blocked the road.
The Waheh Shnongs said that they are ready to leave at any time and said, “In any case, we will give our full support to Bah Ardent from now on, in this regard. At the same time, the Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh Elaka said that if we have to leave, we will leave at any time. They said that they don't have any information about the statement of the Synjuk Waheh Shnong Ri Jaintia, as it appeared in the media and said that they don't have any intention to divide the jaitbynriew, but they want that as a nation They should be united as the saying goes, “Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War, they are the Khasi people”.
Nongpoh, March 30 : To take joint responsibility to raise awareness on the dangers of drug trafficking and alcohol addiction which has destroyed many families and youth, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement ( HNYF), Sengkmie together with World Vision India Ri Bhoi Area Development Program on 24th March 2022 conducted a special training on the effects of drugs and alcohol for school children and residents of Ri Bhoi Area Development Programme. Mawbseiñ village falls under the Raid Square.
The cleaning of this river will also set an example for the residents to maintain and maintain this river which is the source of water for the villages in Jaintia Hills.
When asked whether the state is happy to eat pork, the Minister said, “I don't say whether it is happy or not to eat pork but it should be understood that the disease has not spread. The department has taken steps to curb the spread of this disease in the State”.
The BJP leader questioned the government how it allows companies to increase the price of dewbilat as they please when thousands of crores have been received from the subdivision scheme of the state government.
Ribiang Dkhar scored the goals in the 57th minute, Chanmitre Thma in the 61st minute and Kynsai in the 61st minute. Lhuid in 89 minutes.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has tested positive for covid-19 today and is currently under home quarantine.
Through this Act, the Government has introduced a new rule that imposes a fine of up to 50,000 tyngka on any person who does not allow an Ambulance or Fire Brigade to enter the area while on duty. The Government has found that there are people who do not allow the Ambulance or Fire Brigade even when these vehicles have turned on the siren and turned on the blue or blue lights.
The four members of the association who were honored were Johnny Nongrum who won the MMA Champion India 100 Series 2022, Mordekai Simon Kharpuri who won the Belt Champion of India 100 Series 2022 and Badalin Kharbyngar, Donbor Rumnong who won the sixth place in the Mr. Universe Men Physique 2022 and Balasuk Makri who won the Miss Ribhoi Tourism 2022 contest They were witnessed by the wife of Bah Kennedy Warlarpih, Jeblinda Kharmalki, sister-in-law Basuk Warlarpih, President of Shillong Press Club David Laitphlang, children of Bah Kennedy Warlarpih and others. who are welcome.
Shillong, July 27: The 22nd July 2013 will be a memorable day in the history of the Meghalaya Judo Association (MJA) on Tuesday. The Spiritual Club was opened by MLA David Nongrum who is also Chairman of the MTDC.
He said that many foreigners have been forced to occupy land through the acquisition of land to set up factories and to mine minerals, and this has affected the land owners.
The opening ceremony was attended by Secretary Health Services, Government of Meghalaya, Ram Kumar and Dr HC Lyndem, Director, Health Services, Government of Meghalaya. and others.
Nehemiah said, “There I prayed to the God of heaven”.
The 31-year-old has represented the state in three Ranji Trophies, four times in the Vijay Hazare Trophy and three times in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
In addition, the deforestation of the mountains and forests is the main cause of the extinction of 30 species of plants, which are important herbal medicines used to treat people when they are sick.
It is learned that the fire started from the market through a shop selling sha and spread to other shops of the market, and about 15 shops were temporarily closed and a kudam. They were burnt to death in the fire, and an investigation is being conducted into the incident.
Jowai: The Rangbah Shnongs of Wapungskur, Wapungshnong, Sohkymphor, Pamrakmai, Pamra Paithlu, Khliehriat, Rymbai, Tuber and the people of San Shnong-Pynthorsale, Mukhaialong, Mutong, Chamcham and Lum Shyrmit together with the MDCs Joinriwel Pyrthuh MDC from Bataw, Phasmoon Dkhar EM of JHADC from Wapungskur, Laski Rymbai MDC from Wapungshnong and Violet Lyngdoh MDC from Khliehriat, expressed their anger against the Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma on the sudden transfer of Wapung C&RD Block from Wapungskur to Lumshnong.
He said it is up to the Executive Committee to look into the proposals for the jobs, not just to receive the proposals to pass the law.
This statement was sent by the General Secretary of the East Jaintia District Sports Association.
“Although it has nothing to do with what happened in other states, what happened in Himachal Pradesh will encourage us here as well,” he added.
Author : Thoh means to write a letter on a page and to write a name.
The government should punish these policemen who injure the female students which violates their human rights and we demand that the government should punish them according to the rules of law”.
“The HYC-CEC cannot just listen and be spectators to the Government's inability to resolve the issues and fundamental demands of the ASHA workers in the State,” said HYC-CEC President Bah Roy Kupar. Synrem in a news release.
He was fully appointed Archbishop of Ranchi on 7th July, 1985, and his confirmation as Archbishop was completed on 25th July,
These pigs from Meghalaya are smaller, they lack shelter but they are very tasty, these pigs are easier to grow but they are very tasty to eat and the demand for these pigs and the iïw was very strong.
The HNLC said the government has tried to create religious hatred and discrimination between different religions.
In the quarter final, France will face Germany or Algeria, one of the winners.
According to sources, Bah Jyllud escaped from the hands of the police while they were about to conduct an examination at the Emergency Ward of Nongpoh Civil Hospital. At that time, Bah Jyllud had escaped through the door of the hospital.
After registering the names of the eligible vendors, the TVC will issue a Certificate of Vending (CoV) according to the availability of the vendors and also an ID Card will be issued to the vendors. which shall be valid for one year only.
I have to tell you the truth that now you have to compete with 13 students from all over the country, and you have to study abroad in Delhi or Bihar.
Jha has been arrested by the Shillong Police on charges of illegally selling PhD degrees to students of the university in Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
The celebration was inaugurated by Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem in the presence of SDO (Civil), SDPO Sohra, Rangbah Shnongs from different villages, Secretary Donbok. Jyrwa, former President/Secretary of the Taxi Association and also came to congratulate the founders of the Taxi Association.
The new list of names released by CA for the new contract is: Darcie Brown, Ashleigh Gardner, Kim Garth, Heather Graham, Grace Harris, Alyssa Healy, Jess Jonassen, Alana King, Meg Lanning, Phoebe Litchfield, Tahlia McGrath, Beth Mooney, Ellyse Perry, Megan Schutt, Annabel Sutherland, Tayla Vlaeminck, Georgia Wareham.
When I turned to my own constituency (Mairang Constituency) I saw that these leaders have acted as if they recognized the problems of the people in these few months by visiting them from time to time. In the past years and months, they have not taken responsibility even for the lack of drinking water. It is very difficult for the people to meet the leaders or just to talk on the phone to express their problems because they cannot just take the phone calls of the small towns.
N.Suchen and Assistant Secretary, Pynshaikupar Dkhar, the union said that the NH-6 is also an important road connecting many states in the North East. Roads are also very important for the development of trade.
At the same time, he said that the children from distant schools who come to take part in the tournament are facing difficulties, because there is no accommodation and when they come to play they have to They came by car at a great expense, while the time of play was every day.
“However, we don't see that this decision to make MIL elective will help the performance of the children in any way,” said Dr Lamare.
He said that he as the Rangbah Kur Sangriang and the owner of the land has expressed his strong opposition to the tender called by UCIL, but at the same time he has expressed his strong support for the road. He said that we should not cross the road with that uranium, because we too have the right to receive the government's gifts.
The wars are not over, there is the Ukraine war, the Indian war and so on.
Dance groups from Assam also performed traditional dances including the Bihu dance, which is famous all over the country.
Most of the nightclubs in Shillong are only 3 star hotels like Pine Wood Hotel, Central Point, Polo Tower and Alpine Continental.
Meanwhile, on the 2nd of March, a cleanliness meeting was held at all the offices under the BSF Meghalaya Frontier with the aim of paying tribute to the father of the BSF. Mahatma Gandhi's 154th birth anniversary.
Rossie Nongrum, teacher Mairan Ranger and driver Sanjay Swargiary.
Therefore, he urged the people to take advantage of such opportunities without wasting anything because only health can bring about a healthy lifestyle and promote economic development.
Ardent said that only the people know what he has done and reminded the people that in the 2018 elections he lost only 76 votes. The reason why he lost is not because he stole the MLA Scheme and he did not lose because he could not speak in the Legislative Assembly but he lost because he stood on the foundation of the jaitbynriew. In the same year, there was a strong protest in Shillong and this affected the rural people who live by farming, the drivers who earn their living by driving, it is a great loss to the the people because of the protest.
At the same time, as a token of appreciation, all participants will also receive a t-shirt.
“Of course, perhaps this decision of the Government will bring benefits through the revenue it will collect but is it just for the sake of revenue, we are ready to sacrifice the future of the youth and their future. citizens of the State as a whole.
I understand there is uncertainty and confusion among the people whether this disease really exists or not? But what I want to say here is, that we should look at what has happened across the countries ka worldwide, and also across the states of India, where there has been an unstoppable outbreak, even though some do not believe that those who have died in our country are infected with this disease.
The Union has congratulated the opposition leaders who have fought for the ILP without revealing their party affiliation but have stood united to demand that the government should implement the ILP. At the same time, the Union congratulated Bah Jocob Marten, a young man and member of the SSSS who has received the degree of Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.
Only those who receive a special key to open it can enter.
The program was conducted by E.Kyndait, LDA of the DSWO Office. Welcome speech was delivered by R.Passah, DSWO. for people with disabilities.
Shillong: The Government has set up a High Level Committee headed by the Principal Secretary, Prestone Tynsong to find ways to evict metor drivers from Iewmawlong.
Shillong, Lber 3:The Parish of Sohra will welcome the return of the relic of Don Bosco on the 6th October 2016 at Laitryngew Village at 11am with a program of The village of Laitryngew has been prepared.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The FKJGP Central Body on Tuesday expressed its pride to the citizens of the state who have brought fame and glory through their contribution in various fields as part of the FKJGP Central Body. promote the dignity of the Nation.
The Waheh Shnongs from other villages who also spoke on the occasion said that the NHAI's method of maintaining the road is that the workers have taken stones and soil from the nearby quarries and filled them. The road has been covered with snow and the road has been covered with soil after a few hours and after a few hours it has become the same. Small stones have fallen out of the road due to the rainfall, this shows that the repairs are only for the sake of completion and the repairs are only for the sake of completion without thinking about the safety of the passengers.
“We have suggested to the two political parties to give their opinion so that we can reach an agreement on the implementation of the NPR,” Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal said. A meeting with the civil society organizations was held today.
He said that they should be clean in all aspects and not to pollute the environment by spreading garbage to avoid many kinds of problems.
The Prime Minister and the Principal Secretary have been busy visiting all the offices of the Union Ministers from the Minister of Finance, the Minister of Lands, the Minister of Law and the Minister of Home Affairs. and others.
Gloria Umsong said it was a pleasure to be invited to witness the celebration of Independence Day in Delhi.
The Nongpoh MLA, who praised the staff of the PHC, was after receiving information that the PHC has provided the best service to the patients. At the PHC, it was learned that the number of mothers who died during childbirth and also the number of mothers who died during childbirth at the Marngar PHC. The Nongpoh MLA also praised the staff of the PHC for their ability to implement the health schemes, which have been allocated by the central and state governments, for the purpose of learning. to improve the quality of health services in Meghalaya.
NPP MP Agatha A Sangma has won the Tura parliamentary seat while Congress leader Vincent H. Pala has won the Shillong parliamentary seat.
Paul said the State Anthem should be performed according to the law, not according to the wishes or malicious intentions of anyone.
It has also issued an order to the two District Councils, United Cachar Mikirs Hills and United Khasi Jaintia Hills, to survey together and provide sufficient data on the parts to be transferred back to the United Khasi Jaintia Hills.
It is sad to inform you that only minor accidents and childbirth have not been treated at this hospital and in many cases they have been sent to Tura or to Goalpara, Assam when there are any incidents due to the lack of adequate medical facilities and especially qualified doctors,” said the petition of the MDC to Conrad Sangma.
“There are other political parties that just emphasize things that have no basis.
If it is written or shown, it is too late to read, but to learn to think and understand the meaning that is hidden or behind the mind or plan of the wise men, let us now look at one. and explanation.
From the Russian ship, she shouted at them, "I order you to drop your weapons and surrender, or you will be shot dead.
East Garo Hills has 80.09%, South West Garo Hills – 79.02%, Ri Bhoi – 72.83%, North Garo Hills – 69.35%, Eastern West Khasi Hills – 67.56%, South Garo Hills – 65.56%, South West Khasi Hills – 65.15%, West Garo Hills – 59.82%, West Khasi Hills – 57.52%, West Jaintia Hills – 50.29%, East Khasi Hills – 50.01% and East Jaintia Hills – 44.50%.
“We are a stateless nation, like other nations because Mizos have Mizoram, Nagas have Nagaland but we don't have a special identity. “They are the owners of this country and for that reason we understand that as a nation we need to get a special recognition whether within the Constitution of India or outside,” he said.
SSSS condemns Governor's resignation The SSSS-Seng Kmie has strongly condemned the Governor of Meghalaya's statement, “If you don't want CAB, leave for North Korea”. to the heart.
Himalaya said that in fact the residents had asked for help from the police and BSF but they did not push anything to help these residents.
Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA/MDC KP Pangniang said that he will take the matter to the Legislative Assembly on the 21st of this month. He also demanded that Assam should punish the policemen found guilty. He also doubted whether the government has any information on the report sent by the Commission of Justice Phukan. .
Kim couldn't stand it anymore.
Although KHNAM accepts other measures to block the authorities, the ILP is the first, said the Working President of KHNAM who is also an MDC from Jaiaw. He said the government should take a decision in the Legislative Assembly to implement the ILP. He said it is the duty of the state government and the central government to curb the entry of foreigners. people to this state.
DSO K.Passah said that the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 will also feature traditional games including Rah Mookhrah, Dat Moopoin and Wa· Wailadmiki Shylla, the chief guest of the event, in his speech, encouraged the players of West Jaintia Hills to work hard and have a spirit of struggle so that they can win the title and glory of the West Jaintia Hills. The whole district.
The tournament, which started on Sunday, was attended by 1,400 para athletes from all over the country.
Shillong: Meghalaya MP Vincent H Pala has questioned the UDP party, which is in coalition with the MDA government, on its silence on the allegations of corruption. He was arrested by the Assam Police.
of India to give special recognition to this young leader who has worked hard to bring about many changes in the society through his voluntary services for more than 12 years.
There are about 5 ponds in this area and the village has decided to plant trees to preserve the beauty of nature and surroundings of this area and to conserve water.
There was a misunderstanding on the part of the SDDF members and the Chief Executive Member because initially the Prime Minister explained many things related to the development of the new district but later he said that the The Government's decision is clear that East Khasi Hills has become too large and needs to be strengthened. Sohra.
HANM Vice President Boby Basawiamoit said, “It is surprising that the KHADC has gone to shut down this company in Umsohiong, but why has it released the same company in Umshohphria Ribhoi District? and this shows the bias of the KHADC”.
Hungary scored from Adam Szalai in the 11th minute and Abdras Schafar in the 68th minute.
Avoid misleading or intimidating people who are stupid and lack understanding.
The first match will be played on the 20th against Goa.
The family members and the village authorities have decided to bury the remains of the deceased but the mother and two other children who are still in the hospital have not been released yet. They left the hospital on the day of the funeral.
The expenses of the tournament including the prize money for the finalists were donated by MDC Titosster Well Chyne.
This year, Langsning FC, besides playing in the Shillong Premier League or SPL, is looking forward to preparing for the Second Division I.League. as part of the I.League.
The NPP has become the richest party in the poor state. 75% of its members (43 out of 57) are crorepati.
He said that he has tried to give medicine many times but it has not stopped and he is still trying to find medicine to see if it will help.
Because to get the rights of all citizens depends on the high court which can make decisions for the common benefit of all as citizens of the State.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor, General Secretary of KSU Nongpoh Circle, said, “From time to time we have arrested these foreigners who do not have the necessary documents. documents to come to work illegally in our state.
Nongpoh, Naitung 18: The Dorbar Shnong Pyllun in ICAR, Umiam on Saturday held a public cleanliness drive on the Flyover Bridge in Umiam. They have spread garbage on the Flyover which has affected not only the cleanliness of the bridge and the Umiam Lake, but also the environment. .
Daiaka Warjri, who played well, took three wickets by catching two and smashing a stump for one run.
This is to reduce the influx of people from other places into the village and is also part of the fight against covid
In that freedom and journey the slave class dreamed, shaped and created a new society.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of the 12th Raij, Daloi, S.Sari.
When they said that, he laughed and said from time to time that they knew the limit.
The meeting convened by these two organizations is not intended to create trouble, but to resolve many of the issues of commercial taxis, whether in the transport departments like the DTO or in any other. problems that commercial drivers.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the government has sent a warning to people outside Shillong not to come to Shillong. Shillong if you don't need it.
The order came after a complaint by the KJBWA and the Meghalaya Butchers Association (MBA) that there is illegal collection of money at the check gates of vehicles carrying cattle and pigs at the Umling Check Post.
Food was also distributed at Civil Hospital, St. Peter's Green Pasteur Orphanage, Pyndengrei, Rev. S. Wollington Children's Home, Nongpyndeng and Shelter Homes for Boys and Girls, Nondein.
Looking closely at this PGI report, we see that in many respects Bihar is still ahead of our State and these are the two States which are at the bottom in category 1 in terms of health. school facilities.
The ban on fish imports into Meghalaya has ended tomorrow, with foreign fish returning to the state.
In many states, the slaughter of cows for meat is no longer allowed.
Rupang does not know how to distinguish the word “Shym”.
I believe when we ask these questions, the answers will not be easy.
Twelve others were injured in the incident.
In fact, today there is no need to hold elections in the past.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) East Jaintia Hills District has alleged that many foreigners have received their Aadhaar cards in a village in East Jaintia Hills for the purpose of registering their Aadhaar names by paying T.1500 to the owner. Aadhaar.
Ridalin Sohtun, General Secretary Shillong Entertainment, said in a statement.
Before allowing the elders from the border villages and the leaders of the Sengbhalang to express their views according to the wishes of the residents, Bah Garod LSN Dykes Deputy Commissioner of West Kasi Hills gave a speech. explain and explain the topic that the Committee will understand how to discuss.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Although the District Transport Office (DTO) has said that taxi permits cannot be sold, the hidden fact is that the price of taxi permits in Shillong is high. it’s expensive.
Regarding the willingness of the Company to assist in the construction of the Madan Shnong Tiehsaw, the Dorbar Shnong Tiehsaw has expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the Company for the construction of the road. do good works for the community.
Among the 16 dead were 14 mountaineering trainees.
The Army, which patrols the India-Nepal border, has also announced a toll-free number 1903 where people can call for emergency assistance.
The Thei Bhabriew competition was held at Umsning Nongthymmai, where 14 youths from different villages in Umsning Constituency, came to participate and who were able to showcase their talents. you are the best.
Besides these bills, the Council has discussed the Solid Waste Management Bill which has empowered the District Council to urge the Hima Dorbar Shnongs to take responsibility. The Council will send the documents to appoint a Health and Sanitation Committee for the purpose of maintaining cleanliness.
He said that the VPP strongly condemns corruption, as it is corruption that has caused the state to decline, as well as the discrimination against job seekers. A clean government should provide adequate health facilities, schools, colleges to improve education, should also improve the income of the people, should not spend too much money. Speaking on the Khadar rule, he said that the government is not only corrupt, but it has also been seen that there has been an attempt to destroy the Speaking on the environment, he said that the VPP also wants the activities of the VPP not to pollute the environment.
The bus, which was carrying passengers from Bangalore, had left Guwahati with the intention of dropping them off at Hailakandi. The bus was closer to the river.
Besides, Bah Thomas said that according to the statement of the Hearing Officer, it is clear that he has no information that there are any opponents of the TOPCEM, but according to the videos that have been circulated, it is clear. that many people are against this project and perhaps there may be a collusion between the TOPCEM officials and the people in authority to force this project.
Many times he listened, sometimes he was surprised and shocked when foreigners came who had such ksew, or were kept in the houses of the rich.
After the elections, he and the Prime Minister flew to Shillong to witness Conrad's assumption of office for the second time.
There were 391 participants including Sub Junior – 78, Junior – 115 and Senior –
Furthermore, with the establishment of the Police/Battalion Camp by the Assam Government, the Karbi people have been able to destroy the trees planted by the village and to destroy the farmland and fields. our.
For several months now, Rupang has been looking into these allegations but it has been found that these officers do not even have an office room and no one has seen their names written in the departments. ) that they work.
Therefore, the union has expressed its deep anger over this, because of the action of the department until they have dismissed these two women, on the grounds that the department does not have the money to pay their salaries. , as stated by the Minister of Urban Affairs.
Kettle (key)- which means Daron, ShapushiWords that have been read directly from the English pronunciation:Taxi (Taxi) which means a vehicle that transports people to travel.
When removing those who are retired, we should be happy to include those who are still old enough.
Bible scholars, including Helen Bond and Joan Taylor, have visited the tomb and confirmed that Jesus had female disciples.
Such and other bad behavior should be changed, in order to get MLAs who are worthy and free from corruption especially to get a transparent government because the government is made up of MLAs. We must remember that God sent the Son of Man to earth to rule in righteousness.
In fact, these people were not allowed to enter the KHADC premises but after talking to Bah Ban Basaiawmoit who is the EM, they were allowed to meet the CEM Bah PN Syiem.
There was a protest against the eviction of the Kharmetor from Mawlong Market.
This scheme will help support the children who have lost their parents during the outbreak of Covid-19 and this is part of the protection of these children. to receive assistance from insurance in the field of health and education through financial support until they reach the age of
Kyrshi, Jymmang 16: U Bah Ropbertjune Kharjahrin, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Body, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the corruption in the police department until the life of Chief Superintendent of Police, Bah GK Ïangrai. .
Replying to a question by Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar, Hek said there is no problem with the death of pigs at the Piggery Mission.
Shillong: U Libalsing Marweiñ, 34, Shillong, has passed away at 4:00 pm this morning.
In such cases, the Government should conduct a thorough investigation so that the victims can get a fair trial,” said the MPHRC. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew was shot dead by the Police on 13th July
Shillong, Naiwieng 04 : Meghalaya, one of the states of India in the North East, has started to emerge in the field of football thanks to the presence of talented and hardworking youth. to focus on their talents whether it is in any kind of sport.
It is true and as they say, that the power of money can silence all these things but there are still things that money cannot control.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today presented the budget for the year 2020-21 which is less than T.1532 crore.
They don't have any problems because when the Seng does a good job.
Teilinia asked how many Advisory Committees there are. The CEM of KHADC replied that there are 7 Advisory Committees and almost all of these committees were set up in 2015 to give advice and Teilinia asked whether the KHADC has received any advice from these 7 committees in the working of the KHADC. CEM Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said. that the KHADC has not received any recommendation from these committees.
He said that the incident happened at a time when people were sleeping lyngai, but at such a time, some people saw and called for help, it was fortunate, because Police patrolling the road immediately informed the Fire Brigade from Meghalaya and Assam.
Ms Ampareen urged all the ASHAs to respect the Dorbar Shnongs as it is the Dorbar Shnongs that are responsible for the villages if they face any problem.
Bah Alpheus Wahlang, on the other hand, praised the Sordar and the Executive Committee for their support and said that they deserve the honour.
He said that when it rains heavily and the river is flooded, the people cannot walk from one side to the other, even the school children who have to pass through the river have to drop out of school because there is no road.
Instead of approving bad decisions to deliver kyiad to households, the Government should have focused on agriculture and others to increase income.
Sangma acknowledged that there is a feeling among the people of the North East that they have not got ministers in the right way in the government.
The appearance changes according to the generations, and the Shongkha khleh is one that has changed the appearance of any nation.
In another statement, released yesterday, it was reported that the Nongsawlia Presbyterian Church, which is the mother of all churches within the Presbyterian Church of India, is in the midst of preparations to host the service. The 175th Anniversary of the Church in Khasi-Jaintia and the North East was the biggest celebration.
The union will take action and strongly warns against the employers who are allowed to bring in foreign workers without proper documents as they are the ones who encourage and violate the Inter-state Migrant Workmen Act ( Act 2011' which contains its provisions.
He said many people wanted to meet like Luizinho Faleiro but he replied that there was no intention to meet.
The UDP demands that Ampareen Lyngdoh should take responsibility and resign immediately to allow a clean and independent investigation.
Another topic discussed at the meeting was the improvement of roads, the construction of roads in the city to reduce traffic jams in the city.
The trucks carrying the coal were overloaded and when they reached Rattacherra village before reaching the weighbridge, they dropped off the overloaded trucks to hide until they were full and carried again.
He said that in the last two years, the tourists in Nongkhnum are only those who do not know the condition of the road.
“With the presence of this Bottling Unit at Mendipathar, we can drink these juices which are produced in our state,” he said. road to supply umsoh and other products produced by the indigenous people such as sohtrun.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 175th Anniversary of Cherra Presbyterian Secondary School and Sohra Presbytery, Metbah said that students, parents and teachers should take part in the celebration. to promote the responsibility for the promotion of quality education.
The BJP has always talked about sabka saath, sab ka vikas, which means the development of every citizen, to bring everyone together and has followed the rules. this is the way until now.
Kamal Khaklary, 35, a member of the NDFB, Abhijeet Basumatary, 23, and Nonga, Jamejoy, were arrested. The victim was identified as Supru, 34, a member of the NDFB. All three are from Goalpara District Assam.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said, “Why don't they understand?
Speaking to media, Bah Kyrmen said that the revenue generated by the Excise Department depends on the sale of kyiad and therefore the evasion of revenue is one of the parts. very concerning and touching.
He is also involved in several kidnappings in the past few months in Garo Hills.
He said that through the loan from the Meghalaya government, there are now 150 cooperative societies which have received assistance from the government to set up their own businesses.
"“For the past month and a half, two months, I have thought about myself before I made this decision to retire from foreign football and this game will be my last.
Newhill won 3-0 against Ialong.
“I will contest the MDC election again.
On the other hand, the union is deeply concerned about this, because it is through the immoral behavior of these factories that it will affect the health of the people who use these rivers.
