Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the ban on importing fish from abroad and demanded from the Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong Rosette. M.Kurbah to clarify when and where the Department sends for testing of fish and who imports it from where.
“The burial of the water pipes by the water supply department should be repaired so that it will not be a problem for the people,” said Bah Khongwir. the project shall continue and shall be subject to contract and promise.
It is time for the people to warn the small parties who are just trying to win the vote.
Choh and put the boom of Bhuri, Spread the word to the world.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that the train from Andhra Pradesh will carry 317 youths while the train from Rajasthan will carry 150 youths.
Shillong, November 14: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has said that it is surprised that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, wants the coal mining to fall into the hands of the Meghalaya government. that you don't want the prime minister to turn away from the rights of the individual.
This also means that there is a lack of peace and will.
“He said the BJP leaders have not yet met Mukul Sangma to discuss joining the party.
My parents live in Punjab.
As an actor, Kevin has also appeared in the TV series Yellow Stone and has received Emmy and Golden Awards in recent years.
This makes them sick and ill.
Another issue that the UDP has raised with the CEM is the Campaign For Change launched by the CEM who is the Chairman of the PDF. A new national party in Meghalaya has sought clarification from the CEM on this issue.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 12: The District Mission Coordinator (DMC) today celebrated the World Literacy Day (WLD) , “Promoting Literacy for a World in Transition”, held at the hall of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat with Bah T.Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District. as a guest.
This has strongly suggested that Shira's name has been read by the Lamphang in front of her and she may agree to conduct the power struggle tomorrow against the Lamphang.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today informed the public to hold a march and lay flowers in some places as a sign of protest. on the delay of the department to temporarily suspend the police involved in the teargas attack on the teachers.
The implementation of the scheme provides ease of doing business and encourages village shops and workplaces to become Wi-Fi Hotspot providers – Public Data Office (PDO).
It is necessary not to allow the government to listen to what it has the right to do for the sake of the people.
(Hebrews 13:14) The original Gospel song "Jerusalem Ikhaya Lami" points to the world to come and is the inspired psalmist's prayer for eternal rest in the new Jerusalem, a city where sickness will be no more. There is no more violence, no more violence, no more robbery, and the nations are no more.
He said that the FKJGP urges the law enforcement authorities to search and investigate these people who have committed this crime and to find out the reason because it may be for many reasons whether they are the owners. village or people from the company itself who do this.
Those who wish to be recognized can submit their applications online through the Rashtriya Puraskar Portal on the website www.awards.com and more information can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner. , Nongstoin.
However, this time this will be one of the main issues that we will follow up on during our visit to Delhi,” said Bah Paul.
The two films of Akshay Kumar and John Abraham, will collide on 15th July 2019, but they have a close relationship and they have been seen meeting and falling in love. When they met in Mumbai a few days ago, they showed the sign of their relationship in pictures.
US B-1B bombers were also used in the exercise and flew them around parts of Korea that day.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Six Bangladeshi robbers have been arrested by the VDPs of Bakur district this morning. The residents of Dawki, including mobile phones, motorcycles and other items, received.
The HYC said that while the government has not been able to introduce a strong law to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the state, it should not destroy development projects such as the railway line which can cause damage. “It is not that we are against development projects but we are not against the development projects,” said Robert.
Let us now not give up our rights and let us stand together and shout with one voice, “Recognize the Khasi language soon.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84241 out of which 82494 have recovered and 1467 have died.
The immovable property of Bah Pynshngaiñ is T.62,50,000 tyngka while the property of his wife has no immovable property.
After lodging a complaint, the police chief was arrested by the police and remanded for 14 days for questioning and suspended from his post.
When James Sangma was appointed as Home Minister, he was accused of misusing the police force in the smuggling of coal.
Jowai, July 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today inaugurated the PRIME Hub at Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills District, in the presence of two Symbud Ministers. Prestone Tyngsong along with other government ministers, MLAs, CEMs, JHADCs, MDCs and government officials.
“If they don't apply for a trading license, how can we issue a trading license?” said Titostarwell Chyne. trading license since the court order in 2014, they should have received.
He also encouraged the leaders of the VO and SHGs to continue to work harder for the benefit of the women and also to bring about change in the village as a whole. to be able to set up jobs, to stand on their own feet and also to be able to provide assistance to other women.
About 15 people have been buried alive in a coal mine in Ksan, East Jaintia Hills since November last year and two of them have been rescued while the others have not been found yet.
Joycy lives alone with her three sisters and her biological mother.
Those who oppose the Umngot project are the residents of Amlarem in West Jaintia Hills and Mawkynrew in East Khasi Hills.
Bashan L.Mawnai expressed his strong condemnation to those who upload videos of others because it is also illegal.
After helping the village, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, while talking to reporters, said that he has also sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi and the NHAI officials to send a letter. to the Assam government, for the purpose of cleaning up the areas to Assam, so that the village can escape from the floods as it has experienced in the past years.
From infancy to childhood, from childhood to adolescence, from youth to adulthood, from adulthood to old age, from old age to the end of ages or to death.
W Anthony said that the Instrument of Accession and Standstill Agreement do not include the words land which means that the land does not fall under the Dominion Government.
Impact.
He said that there are many constituencies where the candidates have not received much assistance but the elections have been held for 10 months.
Speaking as the chief guest, Masarsuk Tariang urged the youth who have received training to make good use of the skills they have already been trained for their own benefit and to use the internet to learn and provide information.
In his explanation, Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang said that the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers are among the 45 most polluted rivers in the country as collected by the NGT. Village Councils and various groups such as KHADC, Dorbar Shnong, various organizations.
Police are conducting investigation against the accused KSU members Phrangsngi Swett, Wenly Youroin, Philip Youroin and Dhupendro Jeengaph.
On the closing ceremony, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah [MLA] as the chief guest. The meeting was attended by UDP-Shillong City Youth Wing and others who took part in the distribution. reward.
Sawsymper, Jymmang 26: For the first time, a school from Sawsymper has been able to produce students in the Top 20 of the SSLC. It is not conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE).
He said that Dawki PHC has been closed for two days on the 12th and 13th June 2021 for the purpose of cleaning the hospital.
He was also part of the team that won the SAFF Championship (2005, 2011), Nehru Cup (2007, 2009) and AFC Challenge Cup (2008).
For those coal trucks, only the driver and the follower are allowed to ride in the vehicle to pass through the weigh bridge.
In another part of the sentence, “I bought this cloth for myself” will be replaced by “I bought this cloth for myself”.
Shillong, Lber 17: A Dorbar Pyllun of Mawshbuit Village Council will be held tomorrow at 8 pm to discuss the ban on the passage of Mawshbuit Village. Gorkha troops, which happened yesterday.
Not only that, this has also affected the school children and students who get up early in the morning to read their books.
He said his defeat by 15 votes to the PDF candidate in Sohra constituency is unthinkable because there are polling stations where he has doubts. the vote.
During the meeting, Ms Warjri, laid the responsibility for the repair of the road from Umsyiem to Dawki and also for the cleaning of the road. and it remaineth unto this day.
In a statement, police said, Ahidul Islam, the night before was trying to harm the villagers of Nadichar.
The princess was also welcomed by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma at a dinner at Hotel Pinewood before she went to sleep at Polo Orchid Resort.
Shillong, November 09: Shops in Bishnupur Market, Laban have suddenly caught fire this morning.
Speaking at the meeting, Minister of State for Finance Pankaj Chaudhury said that India's income has grown rapidly and most of the contribution to this growth has come from jobs through the haw haw (space).
He said that in the construction of this road, there are 22 contractors who have been employed by the PWD to build it and some of them have been a sign of the PWD department to be blamed. to the public.
She said that the Government has provided them with vehicles, food and water while they are on their way back to Shillong.
A Dkhar who works in the government who has a wife and children here in our village is in charge of the work in this area.
These precautionary measures have been taken to improve the working methods and bring about orderly change.
The MLA said that he has already talked to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to contribute for the construction of the tourist attraction and he too will contribute for the construction of the tourist attraction. Banteidor, who is also the President of the Mawkynrew Tourism Society Society (MTSS), which has won the Escape To Nongjrong Festival and is in charge of the development of the society. He said that the Society will set up an Information Center in collaboration with the Tourism Department of the State Government for the benefit of the tourists.
Shillong: After the spread of the disease, the damage to the bridge on the Mawlai Bye-Pass road; KSU Mawlai Circle, on the 17th June 2022, has inspected the bridge and found that it is the negligence of the contractor which has caused the bridge to collapse and endanger the people who use the bridge. to Street.
Nongpoh: Border officials from Meghalaya and Assam, on Saturday morning, visited the border villages of Pillangkata and Maikhuli, but today the residents of Maikhuli, protested against the border guards. They said that the demarcation process is unfounded, as Assam has taken over even the areas which are still under the jurisdiction of Meghalaya.
We are also proud to see that the Khasi language has spread rapidly and the Khasi people have improved rapidly in education.
In the 50+ Men's Single, Teddy Laloo won the title by defeating Lanunsiama 23-21, 15-21, 16-2
Police of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) found the gold while searching the passengers before they boarded the plane to Kolkata.
The parents of the child, in the midst of unconsciousness, received the sad news the next day, on the 18th, that the body of the child was found in the garden. which is nearby with signs of injury to parts of the face.
She said that after inspecting and investigating the condition of these health centers in Ri-Bhoi, as the Minister she will not sit idly by and promised to monitor and take action. He said that all these works will be completed soon for the benefit of the people of Ri-Bhoi.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Police, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Thursday said that the border issues with Bangladesh, especially the crimes committed by Bangladeshis, require cooperation. strong and efforts by both Government authorities in accordance with the social standards of the countries of the world.
On the allegations of corruption against the MDA government, the NPP leader said that no one can create confusion among the people, but if they have evidence why they don't follow the law.
The TMC has alleged that the government has received T 1005 crore for the implementation of the Shillong Smart City Limited and the government has not filed a financial statement according to the law. .
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the UDP is now the largest national party in Meghalaya and the emergence of the UDP is to bring unity among the leaders. from the APHLC and the state's 50th anniversary, isn't it time for the national parties to rule?
In his speech, the Chairman, NCST, informed the Chief Executive Members that he has directed the Ministry of Tribal Affairs to look into this matter but the NCST has decided to direct the Ministry of Home Affairs. , to look into and resolve this issue because until today it appears that the issues related to the IOA & AA are the ones that the Home Affairs Department should complete and resolve, so at the request of the Heads Nongsynshar said the NCST Commission will send a letter to take action to complete these tasks related to the Hima Khasi States as soon as possible.
Khliehriat, Naitung 24 : For the implementation of the pilot project of Solid Waste Management of the Swachh Bharat Mission, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has selected four villages including Moolamylliang, Latryke, Ladrymbai, Tuber and one village will be selected from Narpuh district. This project will help not only to improve the cleanliness of the environment, but also to improve health and employment. provide jobs as well as earn money.
Shillong: An earthquake measuring 4.2 on the Richter Scale struck Meghalaya at 7.53 pm today.
After the discovery of the body, the police took the body to Shaheed Kushal Konwar Civil Hospital, Golaghat for post-mortem.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 08: The District Social Welfare Officer (DSWO) in Mawkyrwat has issued a public announcement that the office will conduct an Assessment Camp (AC) for the purpose of assessing the quality of life of the children. to renew the Unique Disability ID (UDID) of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, South West Khasi Hills District.
This time, the people have been shocked on the issue of the formation of the Government until two MLAs of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) have been accused, accused and threatened, and treated as don't change.
At the same time, the officer said that because the DSEL office is delayed and cannot arrange the salary or arrear from time to time, the offer has been made. Shillong: The President of KJDSTA has urged the leaders of Madanriting to come and count themselves at the DSEL office instead of going to school every day. Shillong: Police of Madanriting this morning Police have seized 393.38grams of heroin from Demthring and two women from Manipur.
Therefore, if the owners of the land do not give their consent, no one can mine uranium in this state.
UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, who is also the MLA of Nongthymmai, said this.
Ruevene Nongtdu (RFSM).
According to the new draft Environmental Impact Assessment Notification 2020, if anyone violates the government's plan under the EIA 2020, the government will arrest and prosecute them according to the rules of law and can file a Sou Moto against anyone. Violators of this Act.
The decision came after the NEHU authorities did not listen to the concerns of the students including the research scholars who were appointed earlier.
On the opening day of the tournament, 15 teams for men and 5 teams for women from all over the country witnessed the competitions of various teams including men's and women's teams. East Khasi Hills District and Ri Bhoi District will compete for the title.
The United States is said to be unhappy with India's purchase of S 400 missiles from Russia and for this reason, the United States is very far from its relations with India. The two countries have agreed to sign a social agreement to purchase these weapons during the visit of Russian President Vladimir Putin in recent months. week.
(It is not evil or harmful to the glory of the Church).
“When the agencies receive complaints, they send letters to the relevant departments to ask for clarification so that they can continue to investigate the matter,” said Prestone.
“It is easy for us not to feel like we are disabled but society has not accepted that.
Up to 93820 people have been infected in the past few years but 92224 people have recovered.
Speaking at a public explanation meeting of the VPP on the party's principles in Motphran, Bah Adelbert said, “Bah Ardent should no longer be the Minister of Home Affairs but The need for him to lead the state as the Prime Minister in order to restore peace to the nation.
After this, the team will play two friendlies against Uzbekistan on the 22nd and 24th in Goa.
DCA Minister Prestone Tynsong has replied to a question raised by MLA James K Sangma in the Legislative Assembly today.
which falls under the jurisdiction of Huroi.
Another Khasi who served in the Indian Navy during World War II was Captain Hughbert Roy Shullai of Mission Compound, Shillong. ship.
On the other hand, Kamalakhya Dey Purkayash, MLA from Karimganj constituency, said that since ancient times, the people of Assam and Meghalaya have lived as brothers and sisters. to protect the people of Assam who work in Meghalaya.
They would like to clarify that the village has not seen such an intention from the beginning and has not discriminated against any of the households within the boundary of the village. as well as all as decided in the Dorbar Shnong in previous years.
“Even after the AJYWO and other political parties have written a letter to the Chief Minister to oppose the railway line in the district, the Government continues to inform through the media to convey the the railway.
The question is, why even the government looks away? But how can we say that in the government seat only those who have received as the singer UN Sunn sang “Jalieh jalieh oh jadoh jadoh , you just got it".
According to the Auxiliary Bishop of the Diocese of Tura, Sr.
Meanwhile, the Delimitation Bill of other District Councils is being prepared and for the KHADC Bill, the Governor has arranged to meet with the Minister on the 15th of this month to discuss the bill.
Former MLA/MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah KP Pangniang, while talking to reporters, said that the UKBAEPO will not allow Assam to implement the project. The project will affect more than 33 villages in the area.
Before becoming an Apostle, Paul was Saul of Tarsus and this Saul looked at the followers of Jesus Christ with different eyes; doubtful eyes, wicked eyes, and wicked thoughts.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the Governor, Hek and Sanbor said that the two MLAs urged the Governor to talk to the Governor. The Union Chief Minister and the Home Minister to expedite the peace talks with the HNLC, as all the people in the state want peace.
Love yourself more and less love others because even if you speak English to some extent, those nations will not accept you as them, and they will count beat you as if you were outside.
The total number of cases in the state is 259, 172 BSF personnel, 2 Air Force personnel and 50 civilians.
The presence of this old and weak dam has caused concern to the residents of Eastern Ri-bhoi especially during the rainy season.
Shllong: After the body of Steffanie Lyngdoh Nonglait, who passed away on the night of the 14th of this month, was found on her bed, her relatives suspected that she may be her husband. who does this work.
“You have seen that the chairman is no longer with us, the victory will be ours, all the MDCs are united,” he said.
When God created man, he also created a woman to be his caretaker, and he named them 'Adam and Eve'
“If we have to fly into the air or fall into the camp, it doesn't matter if we stand on the foundation,” he said.
Meghalaya bowlers played well today in which Md Nafees managed to take the first wicket in the first over. Arunachal had only three batsmen to score 10 runs after Dippu Ch Sangma scored 1/16 before the end of the innings (4/1 ), Sanvert Kurkalang (3/19) and Swarjeet Das (2/10).
Erwin also expressed his gratitude to the DIG of Assam BJ Mahanta for taking action and only after they lodged a complaint with him, the Azara Police Station. Three brokers have been arrested in connection with the riots at Guwahati Airport.
In this incident, no tragic incident was reported.
Bah Shylla said that on the issue of marten, it would be better for the government not to dig but there is no marten inside the area because it was done according to science.
If they do, I will stand up as I have made public Modi's statements to bring back stolen money from all over the world but he has not been able to do so,” Nitish said before leaving for Delhi.
Ri Bhoi District came second with 11 gold, 8 silver and 13 bronze medals.
An earthquake measuring 4.9 on the Richter scale struck Manipur and other northeastern states at 10:33 am on Monday morning.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the father of the girl, Bah Ruby Binong, said that he himself does not accept that his daughter, who is intelligent, brave and intelligent, will He said he did not agree with the belief of the Mody University authorities that his daughter had taken bih and committed suicide.
The public should observe the following rules when going shopping:-
Therefore, the sword does not help at all, it destroys and kills; neither shall the sword defeat any man.
The chief guests on the occasion were Bah FR Kharkongor, IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Arts and Culture Department and Bah N Munish Singh, Zonal Director, ICCR. He said that the youth should know the history of their state, especially about what happened in the past in their areas from Nongphlang to Pnar, Bhoi, in War, Lyngam, Maharam and Garo Hills.
“What is needed now is a transparent and clean approach to service delivery.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 1: The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, has informed the public that the procession or rally has been banned after the announcement of the results of the MLA Election District until 4 pm on 4th October
However, his brother-in-law, Bahharul Ulam Sarkar, denied at a recent meeting of the Panchayat that the signature on the Sale Deed did not match his father's.
It is the happiest time for us all to visit this village and especially to see the beauty of it,” he said.
However, Aamir has been released this time, after 15 years of living with Kiran Rao.
Ri-Bhoi came top of Group-A while South Garo Hills came first in Zone
She also alleged that the dealership in the village has been run by the Waheh Shnong by giving the name of the dealer to Pynïaidame Pale.
The market was constructed with the allocation of T.69,56,200/- from the Prime Minister's Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF).
The humidity in Shillong was 81 percent in the morning and 69 percent in the evening.
The Golden Jubilee Celebration of the War Jaintia Presbytery was held from 10th to 12th November at the Sohkha Presbyterian Church.
The Lamphang said he has received a letter from two political parties, the Congress and the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) requesting him to recognize them. as opposing sides.
It is to be recalled that this bridge has been maintained by the PWD department in the past years and trucks have been banned from carrying excessive loads to pass through this bridge.
According to BSNL Manager Monsoor Alam, who is in charge of the area, the incident happened at about 11:30 pm and it is suspected that some people set fire to the building. an.
He said that the news that has come out in recent days about the government's withdrawal of funds for the construction of the entry gate into the state is wrong, because the government has withdrawn the allocation. the old money and the new money.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA of Jirang, expressed his sorrow over the problems faced by the people at such a time and said that it is for this reason that the as a leader who took the initiative to set up this Committee, in order to help those poor families.
The delay is due to the fact that the officers in charge of this have not taken action but soon the students will receive the scholarship which is their right.
Up to 23 teams from Ri-Bhoi District have participated in the tournament and the first match was between NewStar FC (Mawlong) and Umdohkha District FC. Samla SK Mallai Dkhot of Risyon Sport Club said that the purpose of the tournament is to encourage youngsters to take part in football and through this tournament they will also select the players who will lead. from their groups to different lympung.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Peoples' United Front (MPF) has convened a meeting of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs on the 17th July that the Rangbah Shnongs and especially the Union of Rangbah Shnongs through their President, came to take part in the meeting of the party and in the meeting it was discussed how to find ways and means to protect The participation of the Rangbah Shnongs and the Rangbah Shnong Unions was very encouraging to the party.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has directed the Election Commission of India (ECI) to decide on the demand for early polling in the upcoming elections on 6th, 12th and 19th June. Starting from 4:30 or 5 pm, as it is not the hottest months, there will be no preparations for the Ramzan celebration.
We have seen that companies around the world are building mining but now we are doing it by our own people, why hesitate because those who come from abroad can still move forward,” he said.
Before the end of the first half, Services managed to turn the tide in the 45+4 minutes through Samir Murmu.
When the police arrived at the scene, Bah Thangkhiew, took out a knife to fight with the police and immediately, the police shot him, in self-defense.
At the same time, he said that the release of funds to the Village Employment Committees and employees is slow now as there are still elections and hopefully it will continue after the elections.
Until now, the government has not had any schemes to look after the forests such as law sacred, law law which has been maintained and maintained by the people across the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
He also explained and showed how mental illness affects the mental health of children.
“I don't think you'll feel anything if I say or say anything to you,” he said at that moment.
In the third leg, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu beat Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu 3-0 goals and Freddy Chyrmang scored the third goal in the 1st minute. Phawa in the 62nd minute and Kerlang Kyndait in the 80+2nd minute.
Border guards have recovered an IED from Pattan area of ​​Jammu & Kashmir on Tuesday, after which the Srinagar-Baramulla highway was temporarily closed, officials said. the police chief.
The petition was sent to Dr Jitendra Singh, Minister of State for Atomic Energy, Government of India to revive the uranium mining in Meghalaya.
The group has expressed its deep concern that the implementation of the PMGSY-2 scheme for the construction of this road has been left behind for a while, said GSU General Secretary France R Marak.
Will they apologize to these HSPDP MLAs for being accused of rebellion and burning their tyngshops? It is impossible to accuse the traitors of corruption and violence just to stir up the people.
At the same time, Sangma said the state government should not just ask for security forces from the central government to fight the insurgents as it will not bring peace and order but will bring trouble.
On the first day of the match, Larnai played against Mynsngat.
During their visit, they had the opportunity to talk to the staff and doctors of the hospital run by the Presbyterian Church to listen to the problems and to develop ways and means how to address those problems. .
The 42 protesters have been on hunger strike since yesterday as the government has not responded to them.
The Congress with four MLAs and the TMC with four MLAs are the two political parties in the Indian Union in Meghalaya. The Shillong Sports Association (SHSA) tournament continued on Tuesday with Dilingiem YSCWA, Laitumkhrah SC, Mawlynrei SC and Nongkohlew SC winning the tournament on Tuesday.
After being arrested, Agnes was taken to Sadar Police Station.
It is also true that the politicians themselves do not want the people to have knowledge and wisdom because they know that it is difficult for them to convince the people. such.
“Our state is not a state that lacks jobs, jobs so that we have to cry, we need to have the power to see how to bring and also to formulate policies so that there will be no unemployment. "Young man," said Mr. Star.
The Voluntary Organization (VO) of Ïalong Village which includes 29 Self Help Groups (SHGs) in the village has celebrated World Environment Day by cleaning the streets of the village.
Meghalaya will elect new leaders on the 27th of June to the Legislative Assembly.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Government has spent about T.600 crore from the state budget in the past 10 years for the purchase of electricity and other expenses. in the electricity sector.
On the other hand, the VDP of Iongkaluh Village, after facing many problems from time to time due to the consumption of alcohol and the opportunity to sell alcohol, has caused many problems within the village. He said that the VDP authorities will not allow anyone to park vehicles, sit together on the road or in the villages without any work after 8 pm.
But the earth will be destroyed not by water, but by fire.
According to the ASDMA, Moran, Tingkong and Dibrugarh east are the worst affected areas. has launched extensive intelligence gathering on the incident.
She is also a gold medalist at the Commonwealth Games, World Championships and Olympic silver medalist, but her continental finish was a bronze medal at the 2020 Asian Championships in Tashkent. .
The destruction of these silencers was held at Police Reserve Shillong in the presence of Superintendent of Police Sylvester Nongtnger, SP City Vivek Syiem, SP Traffic K. Prasad and others.
Something should be done there too and the NGT is also in Delhi,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
“If the Sengbhalang and the people of Assam cross the border, we too will not refuse to cross the border,” he warned. but it shall not lead to racial discrimination.
She said that in the first phase of MSAM, 21,071 fishermen benefited, while MSAM-2.0 is ongoing despite the impact of COVID-19 in the past few years. the dep.
This can be very beneficial for the brain and improve the body's mood by increasing the levels of hormones such as dopamine and serotonin.
The elections to the two state assemblies in Haryana and Maharashtra will be held on 21st March
“When we have a healthy body, we are happy and they can provide for the family, but if they lose it, many kinds of suffering will come upon our family,” he said. the Dkhars.
At the meeting tomorrow, it is understood that the issue of cleanliness of Khasi men will also be discussed, as Bah HS Shylla CEM, said that he does not want the Act to apply only to Khasi men. women who have children, but it shall work for men as well.
Herman Wanniang (resource person) encouraged the youth to be vigilant, because the strength and dignity of man depends only on himself, nothing can change, but hard work and and thou shalt prevail in the end.
As soon as the mother heard this, her heart was broken and she cried inexplicably, and she said, "Ah, how difficult it is for me to be a man who is covered with sins and sufferings. After that she went to the bedroom of the son and the son as soon as he entered he saw that the mother was sad and crying and asked.
15.08.2020 is the day when Indians commemorate the Independence of India from the British rule which ended on
On the same day, awards were also distributed to the students who took part in the speech competitions, extempore speech and others as well as to the health workers who have worked hard in the fight against TB such as you have given them your soul.
Not only that, he said, after he did not get the opportunity to lead the party, it was hoped that at the recent swearing-in ceremony, he would be reinstated as a minister of the party. The Government of India, as Meghalaya, does not have a minister anymore, but there too has not responded at all and this has increasingly worried the Congress leaders in the state, which shows that the AICC, does not trust anymore. He is the MP of Shillong.
The decision was taken after the Sengbhalang held public meetings in different parts of the four districts of Lum Garo after the various political parties refused to withdraw their candidates. that which is the bar state.
BJP MLAs Sanjay Kelkar, Ravindra Chavan, Ganpat Gaikwad and others led the rally.
He said it is sad that the two Prime Ministers have already signed the soskular but there are still clashes and shootings of people on the border.
The most comical thing about the appointment of Chairman is that the politicians who were elected by the people in the elections are still getting places in the government as Chairman.
“We understand that the work to improve this road is ongoing, but to say that those areas which have been destroyed will be left alone is unacceptable because even if the improvement takes five years, what will happen? “I don't want to leave those places that need repair for the convenience of the passengers,” he said.
“We have written to Twitter that we have informed the person who used this account,” said Davies Marak.
Therefore, the union strongly opposes the intention of the company's employees to enter the village especially during the government's lockdown to fight against covid 19 and another. MePDCL office has been working slowly and has sent it to the Rangbah Shnongs without the knowledge of the people. .
“If we look at the present MDA government, we have seen that it has not been able to develop our state at all.
Ed through NIOS in the year 2014-2
“Although I did not win from the UDP in the election, I won the election because of the blessings of Dr Donkupar,” said Hamlet.
Speaking as the chief guest, Santa Mary Shylla gave a special greeting to all the teachers and said that the future of the society depends on the teachers, the teachers are like the second parents. “I understand the hard work of teachers, we need teachers and it is the teachers who produce stars in the country, so this The Chief Guest extended her best wishes to all the teachers and at the same time expressed the government's intentions to improve the teachers. He said that the government is now taking seriously to build good school buildings because some schools do not have adequate school buildings and the lack of school buildings causes problems to the teachers. too.
MS Dhoni has announced his retirement from international cricket on 15th July
They are also members who have been arrested by their own group for disputes between them.
He said that on the 27th of this month, the CIC had summoned him and the SP's office for the delay in responding to the RTI request, but before that day, Bah Disparsing Rani has sent a letter to the CIC today complaining that most of the time when there are hearings, the offices that delay in responding have been forgiven without punishment and the answer has been received most of the time. you are always fallible as human beings.
For this reason, we are facing many problems because if we look at the mining industry, the revenue has decreased significantly and other industries have become stable and therefore the government needs money to run the projects. " said the prime minister.
Ampareen, who is also the Minister of State, said that the Committee of Political Parties on the Roster will decide whether to continue holding the meeting.
Police have arrested the suspect from Khyndai Lad, Shillong and charged him under Section 326/34 IPC.
The games will be for children under 14 boys, and under 17 boys and girls.
In a statement, FKJGP EJHD, General Secretary Ma DH Sumer, sent its condolences to the family members and friends of this young man.
Furthermore, there should be no discrimination in terms of the health and welfare of those who are still serving and those who have retired,” said the North Shillong MLA.
The news of the dismissal came through WhatsApp.
There are 74 recoveries from the disease.
After the debate, the Bill was passed amidst the opposition of the Congress MLAs.
He said that this will be only for those who have MHIS cards when they go to hospitals for treatment when they are infected with Covid-19. The government will provide T.60,000 per day and this will be from for 6 days.
“In the last elections from June to July, MDC candidates and former MDCs were busy holding meetings or campaigning but this time they are too busy and no one believes to campaign.
The District Horticulture Officer, West Jaintia Hills District on Friday held a competition for the exhibition of various crops with the participation of farmers from three blocks in the district.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday welcomed the decision of the Assam and Meghalaya governments to hand over the investigation to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the shooting death of three Khasi-Pnars in Mukroh village on Tuesday, November 22, 2022 which turned 100 years old.
“After receiving the necessary information, we will come up with the necessary measures to demand Garo State,” said Nikman Ch Marak, Chairman of the Garoland State Movement Committee. The Garo Hills Statement Movement Committee (GSC) on Saturday will be named after the Garo Hills Statement Committee.
At the same time, Bah LT Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, said that the Self Help Groups through the NRLM have been able to bring about many changes in the families, society and the community. encourage and motivate us to continue to do more great work for the development of the community and in the tourism industry.
The village has also prohibited those who attend the election campaign meeting from drinking alcohol, smoking and using bad language within the village boundary.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District today honored Bah Alan S. Marbaniang, Police Officer, Ri Bhoi DEF, who won the Gold Medal in the Arm Wrestling event. The 72nd All India Police Wrestling Cluster.
According to sources, the incident happened on the 20th of November, 2022 which is Sunday around 8 pm.
At the same time, he informed that the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam is ongoing, so he urged others not to create any trouble in these areas.
It is learned that this was parked in the parking lot of the Police Training School (PTS).
The Sordar said he arrived at the scene of the attack at about 8:00 pm, but declined to reveal the names of the people who attacked the nine youths who went to eat. He said that he did not recognize any of the 1000 people involved in the attack on these youths by saying that they came from other villages.
The message I have to give you is that we should ask why the wise men from the East went to the house of King Herod. Those wise men from the East were (i) Gaspar (ii ) Melchior and (iii) Belshazzar were wise men from Persia.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, in the presence of Addl. Superintendent of Police, Bah B Diengngam, officers, motorcycle drivers and others, attended the march. others.
Nibiang Sumer said that this is the fifth time that the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Jowai has held an award ceremony for the students of Jaintia Hills. The award was presented to 56 students from 37 schools in East and West Jaintia Hills District who have passed the Class-X and Class-XII examinations and who have obtained the Highest Mark in the Class-X and Class-XII examinations. different subjers.
Therefore, in the Khasi thought of Babun Balang, “Menshohnoh” is not only those who kill people by 'shoh' or 'bom' but also those who cover themselves with Shñiuh, Tyrsim or Jaiñphong and Bor Jadu-myntor ksuid, these will turn into the Blood of that person who has been killed.
The notice is in response to Mukul Sangma's speech in the Legislative Assembly on the 19th and 20th of this month.
Matthew 4:6-7.
This also refers to and gives them the rights as the first citizens in the area.
Regarding the allegation, the leaders of these three parties, who spoke to the media, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, said that as the leaders of these three parties, they express their sorrow when such things happen. These allegations have been made against the political parties in Ri Bhoi as a whole.
Russia has 20 bombers in the Black Sea and 50 bombers to show that it is ready to fight a war with Ukraine or other countries. the west as well.
Speaking at an election campaign rally in Laitumkhrah today, Pala said that Meghalaya is a poor state and politicians are involved in the BJP. However, the BJP has provided funds from the Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA), the Asian Development Bank (ADB), the World Bank and other agencies to provide funds to the states.
A Sumo (ML 05 J 6025) driven by Kitboklang Lartang, 28, from Mawkyrwat and heading towards Nongkenbah, collided with another vehicle. one place is not long.
In the final of the Under-14 girls' category, Tiehnongbah Government Upper Primary School beat Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School by three goals to one through a tie breaker.
The Under-14 Boys must be born on or before 1st July 2010, the Under-17 Boys and Girls must be born on or before 1st July July 20, 2007.
We cannot understand why the MSOA has allowed a foreigner to become the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and they have also led Meghalaya in the Indian Olympic Association (IOA). In Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur, only the indigenous peoples lead the states.
He said that Sohra is a place that attracts tourists from all over the world but there are no employment opportunities for the youth and how to bring about employment opportunities. that other measures are needed that the leaders have to act.
The purpose of the Jowai Pageant 2023 is to promote and encourage the young girls of Ri-Lum Jaintia to come forward and take part in such beauty pageants.
The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki on Thursday announced that the markets have been allowed to open for three days next month on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday. The markets allowed to open include Khliehriat East & West, Ladrymbai, Umpleng, Chiehruphi, Lumshnong, Sohkymphor and Sookilo. The Dorbar Shnongs or Market Committees should ensure that they comply with the rules. 50 percent of the food shops are allowed to open. Hardware, mobile shops, juti shops to open on Monday 28th July. 50 percent food shops, spare parts, electrical shops, clothes shops to open on Tuesday 30th July.
Shillong, Naitung 14: U Mawhati MLA, who was accused of raping a child, has been suspended from the Privilege Committee of the Legislative Assembly and also from the Committee on Subordinate Legislation of the Assembly.
Regarding these five Bills, the Council will soon consider and arrange for them to be sent back to the DCA. Bah Pynïaid Syiem acknowledged that the Governor has approved the Market Bill and also that the DCA has sent back the five Bills for amendment.
He said that the club wants to conduct this eye care not only in Jaintia Hills district but also in other districts as well.
In this regard, Bah K.Suting, Chairman of the Union of 8 Villages, said that the power outage by MeECL during these hours has caused a lot of trouble to the people especially to the villagers. students, who are still preparing for the examination.
Along with the release of their upcoming EP album, the song “This is Us” is also in progress, and fans are waiting for these singers to release more new songs.
Many of the Jews from Jerusalem were taken captive around the world after this, their Temple was destroyed in 70 AD because of the blind proclamation of the king of the Jews the king of the Jews but there was no faith in the Jews. donnud you.
He said that the recent speech was insulting and caused racial differences on any minor grounds.
The suffering of the people did not end here, as soon as they passed the 'tieh ahor pond' of the Mawlong market area, they had to walk again on the main road of the market.
He said that even the cases should not be too late, but as it is now, many cases, even small ones, are too late due to the heavy workload.
He said that many kinds of diseases including HIV, TB and others will be examined at the medical camp.
Speaking to media on 15th June 2022, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the party will do well in this election because the people of the state have begun to understand that they should give their support. The UDP has been standing on its foundations and for this reason it has stirred up the minds of the people of the state to start joining the UDP. “I always believe that we are in a safe and stable place and that will go smoothly if the party as a whole works together to become stronger. prepare to stand up and fight to strengthen the party".
“The party is also pleased that the youth are willing to join the party as soldiers of the nation, because the foundation of the party is to protect and protect the interests of the people. “It's a very difficult situation,” said Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 20: Trinamool Congress candidate Macmillan Kharbani, while addressing the public at an election campaign rally in Nongstoiñ, on Tuesday said that his main task if he reaches his goal is to change the country. The District Selection Committee, which conducts interviews for government jobs, should also disclose the marks of the candidates who sit for the government job examination. as in the class X XII examinations and all the examinations in schools, because in the results issued by the DSCs for government job applicants, the marks are not issued at all.
From an early age, parents encourage their children to lead a good life and spend their efforts to provide their children with a good education that can improve their lives. so that they will be good people when they grow up.
Haba crane truth for whom.
Because once it is impossible to accomplish the remaining tasks.
Speaking on the film RRR which is also one of the films that has received praise from the audience not only in India but also in other parts of the world, it tells the story of two freedom fighters Alluri Sitarama Raju and Komuram Bheem.
The work has not been as fast as expected and the drawing estimates are still pending and we have directed the Engineer to submit them to the CE office next month.
Shaili, who has been living in Shillong for the past few days, where her husband, a pilot, works at the Eastern Air Command of the Indian Air Force, has been a writer. article in The Meghalaya Guardian.
We find in the Bible that the man is the breeder or the breeder from one generation to another but it does not mean that if it is written so it will be a sin to give birth to the woman.
He said the FCI has taken measures to improve services to the people in Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura including increasing the number of food storage facilities to ensure food security for the people in the region.
“All the perpetrators will be given a soskular to do so.
It was also noted that the flame of the Games has been handed over to a famous sportsman and athlete of the state, Bah Bening Lyngkhoi, who is the marathon runner of the Games. state.
"If the government allows foreign doctors to earn money from our state and also to buy land, it means that it has killed the hard work of Hill State fighters like Bah Martin N.Majaw and others. They have worked hard through their vision to pass the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act which is still a powerful tool to protect the Khasi and Garo minorities from being oppressed by foreigners,” said the KSU. They demanded that the opening of the Shillong Medical College should not be postponed and warned that nothing should be done to delay the implementation of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act.
They reward hard work for hard work and have the opportunity to reap the holy fruit.
The naming of various government departments has been done since the time of the British Government and thus we see that the Roads Construction Department has been named by the Public Works Department (PWD). The water supply department was renamed Public Health Engineering, the Veterinary Department was renamed Animal Husbandry and there are others whose names do not match the function.
Under the care of Dr. D. Ranee, Consultant Pediatrician, the hospital has provided special treatment to a sick child, which shows that it has the capacity to provide special treatment even in the rural areas.
These include EGH: 06, EJH: 19, EKH: 293, NGH: 22, RBD: 53, SGH: 17, SWGH: 07, SWKH: 04, WGH: 49, WJH: 19 and WKH:
For the participants from Sohra, the distribution of tshirts will be held on the 27th November at 12 noon, while the vehicle will leave from Thanad Sohra to Laitsohpliah at 5 pm.
However, the mother of Bah Marbaniang has lodged a complaint with the Supreme Court against the SIT's investigation. I don't want to be investigated by the CBI.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said, “I am still consulting with legal experts on this incident”.
The NABH sets the standards for the best treatment practices across India.
There are some species of trees that are resistant to certain insects, such as the sea mosquito bug (Helopeltis antonii).
The JSU would like to send a message to the ears of the MLAs and MDCs why you are leaving at this time when the poor need help and the JSU wants to reach the ears of the people. Question, Do you leaders use the border residents only during the elections?
After losing three wickets for five runs, EKH struggled to reach 107/8
On the allegation that the BJP has banned the consumption of beef, Alphonse said the BJP believes in the will of the people and not as the Congress alleges.
It is to be recalled that NESO has launched a curfew in all the North Eastern States as part of its strong protest against the proposed Citizenship Amendment. ) Bill 2016.
Biden also criticized Biden and the Biden administration, saying that if you look at the five presidents who have done bad things in the country, but these actions of them, they don't. nothing in front of Biden and in front of the actions of the Biden administration.
Therefore, we would like to ask the TMC leaders, have you reached an agreement with the BJP? Is there a secret relationship between the TMC and the BJP to divide the votes? “It's a country that accepts and respects all religions as the INDIA Bloc to defeat the BJP which is creating religious differences and trying to mislead the people on many issues,” said the Congress leader.
Because in the early stages of growth, the temptations are very strong.
At the same time, Conrad also announced the promotion of National Treasurer James K Sangma as the National General Secretary of Arunachal Pradesh.
Jowai, June 24: The BJP has elected Marki Mulieh, MDC of JHADC, who won from the UDP, as its President in West Jaintia Hills.
The five Bangladeshis arrested on Saturday include Rafiqul Islam, Shafiqul Islam, Shahab Ali Sheikh, Mumtaz Aqtar and that of Rosina Begum.
Jammu and Kashmir police have arrested 10 people in connection with their plot to revive the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF), a banned organization. and the Hurriyat.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that the availability of Statistics will help in the management of all activities in the country including government offices and villages. it will also assist in the delivery of food items, the shortage of government employees and others.
On 13th June, the Voice of Peoples' Party (VPP) submitted a petition to the government demanding that the appointment should be suspended.
The other three winners in the category of 13 years and above include Smita Das, 15 years old from Oxford Secondary School Ladrymbai, who won the first prize. Sayoo, 15, from JNV School Rymbai, came second and Fortify Chyrmang, 14, from Tuber Kmai, who came second.
Madankynsaw and Da-i-Mynsngat at 3.00 pm.
Bright also quoted the Police Rules of Procedure and the decisions of the Court to state that the Police have abused their powers, as they did to Cherish Thangkhiew on the 13th. In April 2021, the Inquiry Commission was appointed.
These candidates include MLA Robinus Syngkon, Nehimaya Tyngkan, former President of JHDCC, Gilbert Sten, former MDC of Sahsniang. In Raliang, along with the MLA of the constituency, Nongkhlieh MDC Richard Singh Lyngdoh has also decided to contest from the UDP. for the support of the residents of Kyndongtuber, his hometown.
MAWA found that the office which was opened on 19th March, 1979 with the aim of providing services to the farmers including about 12 villages in the area has been destroyed and broken down. There is also no sufficient space for medicines as all the doors have been broken and this has made it difficult for the staff to carry out their duties in terms of providing assistance to the people in the area.
He spoke about the recent establishment of the National Liberation Council of Rural Areas (NLCN) in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills region, which has led to unemployment, discrimination and lack of employment opportunities. inheritance within the state.
He recalled that recently when the KHADC came to collect trading license inside the building, Paul Leong, the owner of the complex, had refused and issued a court order to show that the council cannot collect trading license.
Oh, life in this remote area of ​​Bangladesh is so difficult and painful that nothing can be explained in human language or in writing.
Slovak Prime Minister's Adviser Robert Kalinak on Monday said the condition of the Prime Minister of Slovakia has improved and Robert Fico has escaped the threat. life after last week’s shooting.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, General Secretary of ASHAs, Mirajune Myrsing, said that the EC today decided that from the 27th of this month, an indefinite strike will be held at the Addl.Secretariat. .
The opening of this substation not only shows the achievement not only in terms of technology but also in terms of the hard work of MPTCL to empower the villages through the provision of accurate electricity and On the same day, the Minister also laid the foundation stone for the construction of an Indoor Stadium at JP Higher Secondary School, Bholarbhita, West Garo Hills.
Speaking as the chief guest, Abhinav said that this training is very important for the youth of the area and he is pleased that besides providing training, SURE has also taken the initiative to provide training on traditional foods. of this field spirit.
The request is that we should be careful not to throw garbage especially plastic and bottles because they pose a threat to the future and when throwing garbage in places where people cannot see, they The farmers should also think twice lest at some point their fields be thrown away.
Sri Lanka also qualified for the tournament, while Zimbabwe lost their chance to qualify after losing to Scotland on Tuesday.
We cannot just play with the flu because the flu is the flu.
Fortunately, in India, they are only temporary.
The President of the Union, KL Pariat, has written to the Chief Minister that it would be a blessing if the government does not provide ration to all the workers who have registered with the MB&OCWB at this time. to ban the state to fight against COVID-1
“I don’t think the government needs the advice of village headmen to implement development schemes.
Referring to the youth, he said, “More than half of the youth in West Khasi Hills these days are educated, but due to the lack of government jobs, the lack of salary, They have been involved in drug trafficking, theft and other activities if they are men while women have been involved in their own way of life. .
Khimmusniang Sports Club scored 197 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 35 overs. Chwamiki Ryngkhlem scored 85 runs off 68 balls and Richard Patwet scored 27 runs off 27 balls. Peterson Lamare took two wickets in 7 overs and Namewanki Pakynteiñ took two wickets in 7 overs.
"There have been some works that the government has done for the people to do their livelihood," he said.
Banerjee alleged that it was the BJP that had injured one of her legs, but she made it clear that she would win the elections in Bengal only by using only one leg. however, she will return to politics in Delhi, using her two feet.
Rail connectivity has now reached Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura, while previously it was limited to Guwahati and there are currently five projects under construction.
If they have more money, they can also spend it on byrngia, or those who are more pious are more religious, and if they still have thousands of dollars, they can contribute to any work to improve the country. community.
“We have not come here to mislead the people but to make them understand unlike other parties who deceive and deceive the people,” Dhar said. the people of the state just for the sake of getting votes.
He also encouraged them to spread this method of planting in other places.
At the same time, he criticized the Principal Secretary for violating the Conduct Rules of the State Government. (MI) that the truth will come out".
The selection test for Class X will start from 16th to 25th November.
To the east, Shillong will extend to Wah Umkhen to the NH44 near Sohryngkham, while to the west, it will extend to Laitkor and Nongpyiur.
However, after the elections, all the political parties, except the Congress, which had attacked the BJP during the election campaign because of the ban on dohmasi, have become relatives in the Government. The new Government of Meghalaya, the Democratic Alliance, was formed on 6th October,
For this reason we know that our ancestors have laid the foundation of human beings in their longkur long Jait.
The price of fertilizers after the termination of the subsidy has increased sharply due to the smuggling of fertilizers and this has caused problems to the farmers.
From the same thing happens to believers, or Christians, that if the worship of God is by looking only at others, it is difficult to see the glory of God.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned of heavy rainfall in parts of the state. too.
Nongpoh, Lber 12: The Meghalaya Clean and Green Organization (MC&GO) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Forest Officer (CFO) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). ) on the increasing illegal smuggling of rnga and especially the destruction of forests and trees has been terrible where even animals and birds have no place to live noise half.
The President of the Jaintia National Council, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, who is also one of the leaders of the Jaintia Hills, was the Chief Guest. Please support this music video 'STYLE" sung by Samla Shanbor Langstang and his friends. He said that the music video has been released due to the hard work of the artists.
In this regard, James Sylliang, President of KSU 20Mer Unit and Anthony Mawa, General Secretary, said that the village has about 200 households. It is unfortunate that the PHE department has not taken action to provide water, as at present the village has only 2 drinking wells.
Ibrahim Khalil was a young leader who left Syria and was in Iraq or Turkey.
The earthquake occurred near the jhur market before reaching the gateway village of West Jaintia Hills.
When we talk about forests, we don't mean only forests with large, tall, tall and strong trees, but also forests with smaller trees, plant species and nearby trees. the forests and even the small fields are forests.
Time will tell and we hope that the best will come for the state and the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 04 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the citizens cannot be criminals.
Bah Warjri said that tourism is a factory that gives livelihood to the people, but it should not be made to be a disgrace in a form like in other Asian countries.
The meeting included the AJTCVA, the MPUF, the MPLU and others.
As part of the prevention and control of the spread of the disease, the State Government has declared these villages as 'Infected Villages' or LSD Villages. One farmer said that he has already called the veterinary doctors regarding the disease and the doctors have already given injections and medicines to the cows but the cows have died of the disease.
Riiohlang Dhar is one of the youngsters who started her career as a referee in the WJDSA tournament. Later she went to Shillong and has risen from one step to another and now she is conducting football. don't go outside.
“We don't want to end the talks on the four corners but we want to see the work,” said Bah Shadap.
She added that the ECRP in the first phase was 100% funded by the Central Government while the second phase was funded 90% and 10% between the Central Government and the State Government. The first ECRP is for the year 2020-21 and the second ECRP is for the year 2021-2
The reason for drinking is because the cooking method is very good and you feel that it is really the right time to drink during the rainy season.
Police immediately rushed to the village and when they went to the house of Samli they found that the door of the house was locked.
If there are no sharud-shakiar, it will be a political issue.
The 17-member Khasi Hills Democratic Alliance (KHADC) has elected HS Shylla from the NPP as its leader.
The Seng has also warned these banks not to fight against or count the holidays of Christians.
The Kur Kharsyntiew Dorbar, on the grounds of inability to verify as the Kur has given time, has decided to expel her and her family members.
Under the Cheetah Project, 20 radio-collared cheetahs have been brought from Namibia and South Africa to Kuno National Park, Madhya Pradesh, in the first relocation of these cheetahs from one forest area to another. even.
“I see that there are media outlets which have accused the HSPDP MLAs of betrayal. I would like to ask whether those media outlets will accuse the UDP and PDF of supporting the UDP and PDF. Doesn't the government lead the BJP? I want to make it clear that we as the party are not the ones who call the HSPDP MLAs traitors but some media outlets,” he said.
Hero Keswani fell ill as soon as the searchers arrived at his house and had to be rushed to hospital for treatment.
We cannot justify or condemn because it is a spiritual nature.
“Scholarships are the responsibility of the students, this financial assistance allows the students to pay for class fees, hostel fees and others but due to the delay of the Government the students are facing difficulties. great" he said.
Drs. Z Changsan, Regional Director, Central Pollution Control Board, who was present on the occasion, said that the need to protect the environment and its living things is no longer a new issue. taught from the book of Genesis where God created man with the command to take care of all kinds of creatures, not to destroy them.
Shillong: About 60 youths have been arrested in the past few months for the Metor protest after a heavy clash between police and residents in Motphran. the conflict lasted for about 5 continuous days.
Larsing Ming Sawian, President of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) launched the trophy for the MSL tournament. The Tournament Director of the Meghalaya State League has launched the logo, website and theme song of the tournament which was sung by the famous singer of our state including Jessie Lyngdoh. , Bad Fear, Abel and the Loudlads.
Shillong: About 1500 households have been affected by heavy rain and earthquake in Lum Garo district in West Garo Hills on Saturday morning.
Shillong, July 7: The State Government through the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has donated T.2 crore for the Bollywood film Rock On-2 as a sign of respect. for the dissemination of this film on the beauty of Shillong.
Doctors have said that chewing gum does not stay long in the body, and after being injected, it comes back out of the body after 40 hours because the snier cannot break down. I'm going to kill you.
India has been working on the 200-foot bridge at Galwan, but it is said that the bridge will be useless if the course of the river is diverted.
It is indeed good news for all of us to hear that a football player from our state has been invited to join the Indian national team.
“The encouragement of doctors and nurses to the patients is very important,” he said.
The deceased were identified as Mokbul Hussain, Ali Hossain and Dil War Hussain.
However, on the 22nd while he was cleaning the ambulance outside the jail at 2.30 pm, he escaped.
The present Government has been encouraging the farmers by holding festivals of Sohtrun, Soh Phan, Soh Niamtra and other agricultural products to promote the farmers who depend on these types of products. according to the land availability of the Districts of Meghalaya.
According to the Administration of Nongstoin Syiemship Rules 2006, rule 8 (iii) subsection (a) Dkhars cannot live or work in the Hima Nongstoin while these mynder can live and work here as they please without fear and this shows that the Hima is violating the law which it has made itself.
There is a need for a shlem saiñdur from childhood in which parents and teachers have a big role. We have to use the sympathy tree not to hurt but to make them the future of the society.
Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech congratulated the football players of HK Singh who have worked hard to lead the state to the National Level to be held soon in Bangalore.
He said that this incident has frightened and shaken the homes of the people living near the blaze site as it was witnessed that the wind was also strong and could reach the homes. too.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Head of Office, Akashvani, Shillong, H.Diengdoh and the thanksgiving speech was delivered by the Head of Programme, Akashvani, Shillong.
In a letter sent to the district chief, the union wrote that according to the order issued by its office, it has already issued on 23rd June 2024 to implement Section 144 CrPC in all districts. East Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya from 23rd July 2024 to 06/06/2024, due to the counting of votes for the Lok Sabha elections.
We have seen from what happened in the last elections where many ethnic parties have just split the vote and in the end, someone has won.
At this meeting, there were many suggestions on this issue and on the other hand, the Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs together with the Sengbhlang urged all the villages in the area to appoint VDPs should be appointed in each village, and not only that, there should be cooperation between all the villages in the area and also with the police.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) as part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the KSU Jowai Unit, held a program to honor 52 students who passed the examination. Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes was the chief guest and MDC Jowai Central Andrew A Shullai was the chief guest. Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College Jowai Dr. Easter M Blah, General Secretary Riquoma Laloo, KSU CEC leaders, Daniel Khyriem former KSU President and other other.
Because Jaintiapur used to be from Assam to Sylhet.
Speaking on the occasion, these Jirang leaders expressed their satisfaction to see the willingness of the Jain weavers and handicraft makers to come and take part in the programme. MHHDC Ltd, in which they said that the participation has encouraged the officers of the department and especially the leaders of the area.
He felt that universities in India should partner and agree with other universities in the world to share education and knowledge in various fields.
They demanded compensation to these jhur vendors, who lost their sales, said a statement from Deiwi Tongper, President and Purity Phawa, Organizing Secretary.
“We have decided to continue the strike, we submitted our demands last month and the deadline has expired,” said Peter Dohkrut.
For example, there has been a comment in the media on the statement of one of the MDCs of KHADC, Bah Charles Marngar who said that Meghalaya is a Christian state.
It is our responsibility to ensure that the leagues will be adequate for these clubs and make it more enjoyable and enjoyable for the games.
He said that according to the custom of Muluk Lawkhla, once they have elected the Lyngdoh, no one can sloit his itiar without informing the kurs.
He said the party is still planning to contest in all the constituencies in KHADC and JHADC. “We will contest some candidates in GHADC,” he said.
This year will pass away in which we will pass away and in which we will welcome back with joy the new one.
The Minister also informed that the government has appointed a Mission Director to oversee the speedy implementation of the project and the MD will be assisted by two Assistant Mission Directors.
In fact, you may lie or deceive someone once in a while but not most of the time.
UCIL office has been forced to close Shillong.
They said that although they did not know which trucks were carrying goods, the residents of the area said that many trucks used to use this road, which came from Jaintia Hills by using this road to Mawhati, which is the road to Umsiang and Assam.
He said that the DC has tried his best to improve education in the district and for that reason he has allocated the funds for the mission called “Ka Lawei”. which is related to the knowledge of digital power.
He said that the illegal mining of coal in Lum Jaintia is probably because the BJP and the NPP have promised to the people that within six months they will release the coal mining. “People think that they have been in power for more than six months, they have been allowed to mine coal and this can happen because they have promised to release coal within six months,” he said.
In addition, according to the research of many research teams of the Government of India and also in recent months one of the leading newspapers in India, India Today has said that Meghalaya has the lowest number of all the states. small in India as a whole.
Elijah's time:- Elijah had lockdown himself, when he was tempted by Jezebel, to kill him.
This is the beginning of the University Week known as Aurora.
On the other hand, the leaders of these two organizations urged the SP of the district to take action to conduct an investigation and to track down the robbers involved and punish them according to the rules of law.
The source said that several people have been arrested in connection with the alleged involvement of Singh.
Ronnie said that to implement the Council funds, there should be a District Council Level Committee headed by the CEM but this does not exist yet.
The SP (City), Bah Vivek Syiem said that the STP has been deployed at various places to check the vehicles and 2 shaka especially at night as well as the youths who drive. in the midst of the storm.
“On our part, we have tried our best to bring the two groups together at the negotiating table, but what is needed is for the Central Government to intervene so that the people can live their lives as usual. long," said the young leader.
Nongpoh: Heavy rainfall last night, has caused a sudden rise in the water level in the Umran River and in this sudden rise in the Umran River, has caused damage to several houses near the Umran River. this is Wah.
The match between these two teams was equal to the men's in terms of passing and releasing.
The funeral service for Wanboklang was held at NEIGRIHMS Shillong at 12:30 pm and arrived at Marbisu Cemetery at 1:42 pm. The last ceremony will be held until 2 pm.
Women who spend more time in the kitchen also produce more wet waste such as soh peels, jhur peels, broken food and so on.
On the statement of Process T Sawkmie to reporters that the Congress party's support for the EC led by Pynshngaiñ is temporary, CEM said it is his own statement. “I think it is a personal statement and not from the PP Leader of the Congress party,” he said.
The owners of race horses are English, Khasi, Bengali, Sindhi and others from the city and suburbs.
Speaking at the market which was attended by 1000 farmers from all over East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, Bah Warjri said that the market will be held to explain and teach you the farmers.
Rida's mother, although she saw that he was doing so, she listened and went on her way.
The Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, concluded the celebration as the chief guest by launching the KAS Memorial Book in the presence of President Dr DRL Nonglait, and members besides teachers, students.
Bad that other pat.
India's Shreya Hooda (GK), Sweety Devi, Manisa Panna (Ranjana Chanu 63'), Ashalata Devi, Shilky Devi, Soumya Guguloth (Sangita Basfore 25' (Michel) Castanha 80′)), Anju Tamang, Indumathi Kathiresan (Renu 80′), Sandhiya Ranganathan (Dangmei Grace 80′), Dalima Chhibber, Karthika Angamuthu.
“We have fought and fought but it depends on the will of the people, it does not depend on the fighters, not like an examination, but it depends on the hands of the people.
Scientists at the Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute have discovered a stem cell that can be produced in the human skin by inserting human stem cells into monkeys. The discovery is the most important and will eliminate the headache in the future.
Naba stressed the need for unity as a group of seven states, to work together towards a common goal.
Bah Syntar was welcomed by UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy at a short meeting at his residence.
Kitboklang Nongphlang demanded that the PHE Department should provide all the necessary facilities within a day and if the demand of the FKJGP is not met, the FKJGP will take other measures. for the safety and security of the residents.
The meeting was held at Congress Bhavan Shillong in the presence of MPCC President Vincent H Pala.
Although we don't know, as a party, we thought we should forget our differences,” said Pala.
He said that he was with the family of Tymmenbasan in the midst of this incident.
“This is in accordance with the directive of NESO. Since 2019, we have remembered this day (November 11) as 'Black Day',” said KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah.
According to information received, this incident happened at 12:16 pm when a young woman (unidentified) who was leaving Byrnihat to go to 18 mer collided with an auto. The rickshaw (ML 10 B 7656) driven by Ramalson Marak, 44, resident of Ri-Bhoi, collided with another vehicle at 17 mer. The girl was seriously injured and was rushed to Byrnihat PHC for treatment. The girl was rushed to GMC Hospital Guwahati but died. not because of the injury.
In the meeting, the Civil authorities said that the students have been tested positive for the test but when they checked, the students were healthy. The hospital authorities have asked for two days to test the students. see more about this.
The vehicle was a Bolero (ML-05-J-4879) and the back of the vehicle was written that it was a vehicle that was on duty for the Government of India. Shillong Region' which means a vehicle used by the Geological Survey of India, Government of India.
Khasimon Phanbuh and others have requested the High Court to order the government to provide the rights and benefits as well as various central and state government schemes to any person who belongs to the country. the Khasi and Tre religions which are the rights of the minorities.
Before the clean-up, a short meeting was held under the chairmanship of the Environmental Secretary, Plosborlin Kharkahrin.
xxii) The Antaral program which is a program that deals with other types of writings as well.
The report also states that T.22,91,10,000 has been allocated to the office of the Chief Engineer, PWD (Roads), Shillong to complete the work in collaboration with the DC's office and the Airport Authority of India. .
Mrs. Shiboleth Khonglah, SM&HO, Police Hospital, Shillong and Bah Vivek Syiem, MPS Superintendent of Police (City), Shillong.
If you listen like this, it will soon be like in Delhi where the sun has been covered with snow for more than half a day.
Through the 'My Bharat', more than 27.31 lakh youth have registered themselves, which has strengthened the participation under the objectives of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday decided to implement the online payment of professional tax.
“Ma Madonbai is a poor man, but he is a man who works hard to bring about development in the constituency as a whole,” said the Treasurer of Khliehtyrshi Village, Ram Ryngkhlem. .
In 2021, the United Nations has set the theme “Ecosystem Restoration”.
Aakarshi Kashyap also faced the same problem after losing to Akane Yamaguchi in the world championship 21-17, 21-1
The opening ceremony was attended by Fathers, Sisters, Teachers, Elders and others.
Because the lawyer has estimated that the cost of the case will reach T.10 lakh including the salary of the lawyers, travel expenses, four teachers have requested them to public and contribute T.10 lakh.
Shillong, June 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award to the famous singer Bah Lou Majaw at the launch of the rynsan. “Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project” to promote music in the state.
He said that if these policies are introduced, many young people will be unemployed.
She said that for the monthly payment of T.2000 to ASHAs, in 2021-22 the Government has spent T.16.32 crore and the remaining payment is T.53 crore. In 2022-23, the monthly payment of T.2000 to ASHAs has reached T.16.98 crore, while the NHM has reached T.21.96 crore for ASHAs in 2021-22, and In 2022-23, the NHM has spent T.22.68 crore for ASHAs. According to Dr Ampareen, the expenditure for payment to ASHAs in 2021-22 has reached Rs. 91.2 crore and in 2022-23 it will reach T.40.5 crore.
The HNYF East Khasi Hills District (HNYF) has promised to file a case against the HNYF East Khasi Hills District (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District. Along with the allegations that this action of the HNYF East Khasi Hills is to benefit other organizers, the HNYF has responded by saying that this license revocation of the HNYF is to confirm. that the shops should pay taxes to the government for the benefit of the state.
The Kali came out and the couple were silent, without talking, except to ask for kwai and eat kwai.
He strongly condemned the ban on the procession to the Secretariat and said, “It is the government employees who ban us from marching to the Secretariat”.
However, fortunately, the Rangbah Shnong of Ummat-2, escaped from the scene and fled to Umru area in Tyrso. The incident was reported to the Mawlasnai Police Station, so that the incident could be brought to an understanding and resolved.
Speeches were also delivered by the Headmaster, President of the Managing Committee, Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong from the village leaders from neighboring villages. English School.
They said how did this man know wisdom when he had never been taught (does this mean that Jesus did not go to school or class?) John 7:14-1
There are 24,817 samples tested, 24,199 negative, 300 pending results and 21,837 returnees.
Most of these 2000 luts were produced in 2017 to about 89 percent and the shelf life is only about four to five years.
He said that all those who took part in the meeting unanimously demanded that the government should formulate a clear policy to define the areas under rural and urban areas. Many villages in Mawlai, Nongthymmai and Pynthorumkhrah constituencies have villages which do not know whether they belong to urban or rural areas.
Shemhok Garod on Thursday announced that he will continue to contest the 2023 MLA elections from Raliang Constituency.
He said that Scheduled Caste groups and freedom fighters, who used to receive 200 units of electricity, will now receive 300 units and will be charged if they use more than that.
On the closing day of the ceremony, the children of Seiñraij Ïalong from different villages as well as Wahiajer village brought up to 10 rots to the holy pond known as 'Pyrda' at Ïalong. The meeting was chaired by the President of the United Nations, Bah Pyrkhat Shylla.
“According to the law, no individual can have only one identity card.
We throw away the garbage from the house to the streams that flow near our house.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Bah RB Shadap, President of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah Donlang Sohkhlet, Vice-Chairman of the MREGC, Bah GS Shadap, General Secretary of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar. along with other office bearers of the group.
Speaking at the meeting, Rajkumar Ranjan Singh said that some of the schemes from the central government have been implemented well, but there is still a need to increase awareness programmes. especially in relation to those schemes relating to women's groups and the community.
The Committee shall have the authority to investigate any items seized by the Police, Static Surveillance Team or Flying Squad.
If you have rangli, you will suffer.
Fair service in relation to public health facilities: It would have been better if this promise of the Public Leaders had been fulfilled as agreed five years ago.
“Bring it,” said the mother and laughed.
The Constitution Bill, 2023, which has been passed by the Rajya Sabha, will reach the desk of the President of India for signature. and after that, it will be fully legal.
He said that some of the equipment has to be purchased from Shillong or picked up from Mairang, so it takes a while longer to provide electricity.
During the march, they will also participate in various meetings in many districts including discussions on the issue of “Beti Bachao Beti Padhao” with school children, female college students and women. Women's SHG groups, NCC, CCI children, NYKS, adolescent girls and boys, and anganwadi workers and others. different.
The HSPDP party has expressed its hope that many people will come to witness the meeting. They gave their strong support to the HSPDP Party in this election and especially, that they have got a person who lives in the Constituency.
On the 23rd October in the morning, a football match was held and finally in the evening, a Talent Show was held with the participation of children, youth and adults. grandmother grandfather.
The residents of Nongsning and Umrasong are angry that they don't get light properly.
The eight clubs that will compete in the 2023 season of the SPL include Nongthymma S&CC, Rangdaied United FC, Sawmer SC, Nangkiew Irat SC, Shillong Lajong FC and Langsning. Shillong: Former Nongstoin MLA Macmilan Byrsat on Tuesday said that the VPP's reservation policy in the state is like the United States dropping a bomb on the state. the city of Hiroshima in Japan.
Four parishes including Laitkor, Mawkynrew, Jongksha and Mawryngkneng took part in various sports competitions and the winner was Laitkor Parish.
Shillong, March 26 : The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) Sohra in collaboration with the leaders of the HANM Seng Kmie, on Friday evening, met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Singh. Syiem to oppose and urge not to issue trading license to bars which operate various activities in the area.
Full talks with the HNLC will begin in the first month of July.
Shillong, November 28 : U Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling, MLA of Mylliem on Tuesday inaugurated the new building of Dr Homiwell Secondary School at Mawklot.
The new method used in Trinidad to produce these shylluit quickly is as follows.
These workers also expressed their disagreement with the allegation by MEMRIWU that there is a Divide and Rule lane to rule among the workers.
The party also alleged that the police planned to destroy the witnesses before the election, the source said.
The 100 cities selected in the two-phase competition are to be developed as Smart Cities and these have already made progress in this regard.
Members of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) led by Hamletson Dohling President, Sunesh M. Syiem Secretary and other members on November Sangma on the need for the union to allocate special funds to clean the entire Third Ground, Polo.
or cal.
He said that the Dy. Inspector General of Police (CID), as the Nodal Officer and the SPs and OCs have been appointed to take the necessary measures by setting up search posts besides those that do not exist. across the state.
“Both the Prime Minister and Sonia Gandhi at that time came two or three times to campaign for the Congress party, but I don't see any benefit,” he said.
Regarding the need for this road, Bah Yesparly Lyngdoh from Lumpyngngad village, said that the people of all the villages in Umyiap area have wanted and desired that the government should allocate special funds. There are two schools on the other side of Umyiap area, the Upper Primary School Mawkynbat and the Umyiap District Higher Secondary School in Nongdom.
Earlier, Bah Shangpliang said that he joined the NPP because Meghalaya has grown rapidly as a state in the country under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma.
Men Kpa agreed. After a while they sat in bed, Bah Shanbor ordered her to go and pour water.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul Sangma said that regarding the delay in the holding of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) elections, the Governor has been requested to take care of this, so that the elections will be held soon, after the elections were postponed in April this year.
He said that as Khasi when they go to other states they cannot accept Schedule Tribe status in other states and on this they have sent four letters to the Ministry of Home Affairs. 1975, 1977, 1982 and 1988.
Kenny Langbang (15', 84') and Remine Papang (27', 52') scored two goals for Moosyiem Shangpung.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Various civil society organizations including the KSU, JSU, GSU, FKJGP, HNYF, JYF, RBYF and CSWO will hold a public meeting on the 29th of this month in Jowai to explain to the public the issue of There is a need to force the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
“Furthermore, he said that the MDA-II Government includes not only those political parties, but also the ethnic parties.
This survey was divided into three phases:-1
The Khasi do not write shyllangmat or tah syndur, do not carry trishul or luta, but they believe that the syiar is the pathfinder, they do not worship the bseiñ, the cow or the shrieh, the leaders of the They don't walk clean like the priests or sadhus in the Kumbhmela, because our people are honorable people.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. LR Bishnoi on Thursday held a meeting with the leaders and youths of the Kuki and Meitei communities living in Shillong. Nongshiliang, Nongthymmai, Shillong: A clash between the two ethnic groups on Friday evening in Manipur has led to the protest of the Kuki people against the granting of Schedule Tribe status to the Meitei. I'm not a nation.
“ Without eating the body of Jesus and drinking His blood, you cannot have eternal life.
During this Behdeiñkhlam there will be a bhang festival which is one of the parts of the last day of Behdeiñkhlam as well as a skiing.
Almost all the Police Chiefs of Ri Bhoi District, SP of Ri Bhoi District, Chemphang Syrti, Deputy SP, PS Marwein, OC of Nongpoh PS. , Bah Anthony Kharkongngor, Rangbah Shnong of Iewmawlong and other dignitaries.
Samla Stevenson Kharkrang said that the condemnation is not only against the Dean of CAU, but also against another person who works at the CAU, who is known as Ram Singh. , because Ram Singh, was one of those who went to offer money to these Longkmie, for them to shut up about their arrest.
“Now, even in the rural areas, they have learned about the development brought about by the BJP, the provision of foodgrains, the provision of electricity, drinking water, lyer shet and the scheme to build houses for the poor and the poor. the people themselves cannot explain what is necessary.
The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) under the leadership of Commandant PH Khongsngi and 2nd in-Command Bah B.Sahkhar immediately rushed to the scene. .
Yesterday, teams from NAFED came to register for the import of piat from Pakistan, Iran, China and Egypt.
Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State and MLA of Nartiang Constituency, donated blankets or sleeping clothes to all the households on Tuesday.
Here we understand that God hears those who pray and those who sacrifice just as He sends rain in places where there are Christians and in places where there are no Christians.
The meeting also discussed the construction of a road connecting Sylhet and Shillong through the collaboration of the central governments of these countries.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, owner of Shadap Automobiles, which sells Piaggio three-wheeler electric vehicles in Mawblei, Bhakupar Shadap said that in the past, people did not understand the use of electric vehicles. These vehicles are boarded up because of fear.
Police have arrested the suspect and taken him to court today, while the child has been taken to Ialong Civil Hospital for further investigation.
He said that the amount of money to be released is about Rs 0.3 crore until the CAG report is prepared in April
But to take leadership you have to sacrifice yourself.
In the second leg, Pala SC beat Risingstar 3-0
One of the foreign workers, Junmoni Baruah and the Manager of the factory, SK Banejee, said that a group of youths came to the factory to inspect the documents. They have been bombed, shot and injured and for this reason they have come out to protest to demand their rights. thombor in this group.
To raise awareness among the students, a discussion was held and a film entitled “Where will the help come from” was screened.
Jowai, Jymmang 06: The filing of nomination papers for the MLA candidates for the four constituencies of Nartiang, Jowai and Raliang constituencies in West Jaintia Hills District has become more intense. There are 12 candidates in Mowkaiaw and 4 candidates in Amlarem Sub-Division.
In the semifinals, Mawsawrit FC struggled to score two goals through Shanborlang Dotni (15, 15, 50) and Dipharstar Khasain added 16 points.
Conrad slammed the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and the government for misusing the funds allocated by the central government.
On the other hand, the MLAs of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) have demanded to extend the session of the Assembly on Thursday. which they will not be able to raise many important issues affecting the state.
In this Phase-I, LED Solar Lanterns will be distributed to 2424 Class X students of East Khasi Hills District.
and Rn.
Similarly, during his first term, he has been able to make the entire federation proud of the smooth running of sports activities without any obstacles.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The State Legislative Assembly today rejected the motion by HSPDP MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit to demand the implementation of Article 371 of the Constitution in Meghalaya. to give special protection to state owners.
Therefore, you need to follow suspicious measures to avoid such cases.
The author is Secretary Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Atul Chaturvedi.
Rani said that during a meeting held by the police recently, he said, “When training starts from home, because the police driving, they show respect. of the State as a whole".
Training of more than 18,000 people is ongoing through the Key Resource Centers registered under the Jal Jeevan Mission.
Conrad also addressed a rally at Phulbari for his party candidate and former minister AT Mondal.
If there is any complaint to the Chief Minister, he would have urged me to take action on the problems of the residents of Balakhawa.
On the last day, the office of the District Skill Development Officer demonstrated a Skill Training which was completed by bringing the equipment they have already made and produced.
One candidate said, “There is no rule that we cannot put posters on the bodies of dogs.
Speeches were also delivered by the parents who praised and encouraged the Jongksha SC&SC for opening the door for their children to train in such a game.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlongbna, Bah Klining Kharnaior, who was accompanied by other elders, admitted that the allegation by the Thyllaw residents that the residents of Mawlongbna have attacked them is true. Haibi Pdahkasiej, Phrollita Kynter and Nalbena Disiar, Haibi Pdahkasiej, Phrollita Kynter and Nalbena Disiar, admitted that they were present on the occasion. that it was not the Mawlongbna who attacked the Thyllaw but the Thyllaw who came by the dozens to attack the Mawlongbna farmers.
The KHNAM has demanded the abolition of Personal Interview in connection with the recruitment of Group B, Group C and Group D jobs in various state government departments.
Khliehriat, June 28 : Leaders of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) Pamra Unit and Wapung Unit, today visited the PHC in Pamrapaithlu. The union demands that the government and the relevant authorities should improve the facilities at the PHC for the purpose of providing adequate facilities. The President of JSM Wapung Unit, Kerbhami Dkhar and Vice President, Ionis Rymbai, led the visit. They also handed over the petition to the doctor.
Brothers and sisters, remember that most of the businessmen or contractors in our country hate the political parties because they don't care about the nation, they think only of their own interests and most of the time we find that they don't care about the nation. The Sengbhalang usually deals with businessmen or contractors when the Sengbhalang conducts checks on the documents of foreign workers or traders.
Shillong: One person has died and three animals have died in the natural disasters from 8th to 16th July, said the Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (STMA), Matsiewdor War. yet.
Ma Starling, said that foreigners are allowed to stay in Shillong and said, “We, the villagers, don't get accommodation” and said that hotels are closed. better to accommodate the villagers, without getting permission from the police.
We all know that agriculture is a sustainable industry and the money that comes from it is the cleanest and purest water. who is not who is shngiam.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Ladrymbai Circle (HANM) Ladrymbai Circle has found that parts of the Friends Hotel on the National Highway have been covered with plastic, plastic bags and other items. those passengers of the night super who went to buy food from that shop.
The BJP may not nominate a candidate in Tura and will contest only in Shillong, but a clear decision will be taken tomorrow.
Earlier, Prestone said that the personal interview for more than 1000 vacancies will be held in the next 3-4 days.
He said the Anti Infiltration Directorate and the Fast Track Court need to be strengthened to curb this.
The Union Minister who is also in charge of Ayush also inaugurated the Guest House and laid the foundation stone for the Administrative Building, Pharmacy Building, well and road including the entry and exit gates. you program.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the state, Bah Frederick Roy Kharkongor, told reporters that 32 female candidates and 32 male candidates have contested the election. long on the 27th of this month.
On the 30th of this month, about four people have died after an earthquake struck and damaged two houses in Nongpriang village.
It is clear that the resolution was passed without any objection as the Congress leaders now want to implement the MRSSA
These elders, together with the women and youths living in these border villages, said that the reason why they joined the NPP, is because they see that the NPP party through u The Jirang MLA has been able to carry out many development works in these border villages which has pleased the people of the area.
He said that the project has not been completed yet, and there has been no order from the Central Government to complete it.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Attorney General of Meghalaya, Bah Erwin Sutnga, has called for a rally on November 12 in Shillong to demand that no amendments should be made to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. the good of the country and the nation.
“For the LORD hath come against the army of the house of Judah, and will make them like a beautiful horse in the battle.
The main reason for this victory is that the Minister of Sports is a sportsman and he takes a serious interest in the development of sports in the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 5 : Police are investigating into an email sent by Lawei ba Phyrnai which threatened to blow up bombs in many places especially in schools as a sign of protest against the increase in young people are young.
Regarding the shortage of teachers in these schools in Ri Bhoi, the KSU has demanded that the DC should conduct an inquiry.
Nongpoh: Two persons have been arrested and detained on charges of kidnapping and murder of a child from Nagrabil village in Ri Bhoi district. Nongpoh Police Outpost today informed and lodged a complaint at the Pillingkata Police Outpost, after some people threatened them, after the explanation. of them to the Newspaper.
At the same time, the government is implementing the Green Meghalaya Project, the largest in the country.
There are 10,000 vehicles traveling to the four cities of the North East every day, but the traffic to Shillong has been severely affected these days, with only 30 percent of the vehicles traveling to Shillong. running from 1st July 2018.
There are about 200 fish shops in Iewduh alone and hundreds of kilos of fish are sold daily excluding those exported to the city and elsewhere.
It means that a person should pray and turn to the Lord to be saved from the times of great tribulation.
“We want the MLA to speak on this in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly,” he said.
Khliehriat, July 14: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has opened the 9th Annual Competition for Short Films (NHRC) today. The commission has received a positive response from various parts of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, Alan Niangti, Waheh Chnong Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai, said that the ASHA is a selfless person to do her job especially at this time of crisis. Covid-19 disease.
Lakmen said there is no illegal trade in coal in the state and if there are vehicles carrying coal, they are only vehicles with proper documents and the police department will not. He said that vehicles can be seized if they have proper documents and if they don't have documents they are illegal vehicles, he said. I will do it without work.
On this occasion, the former students as well as the current students of the school celebrated their 25th Anniversary with various games ranging from songs, dances and drills.
The house is located in the Gaza Strip.
In the second leg, Wahiajer SC beat Luti tuber WS 2-1. Ebormi Jat scored the goals for Wahiajer SC in the 22nd minute and Heimonmi Dkhar in the 35th minute.
The match will be played at Madan Heh, Malai.
However, the most exciting will be the women's basketball team, which is in the midst of a fierce battle to win by only 1 point against Sikkim by 60-61 points.
Sometimes even if you are smart even after getting admission it is difficult to go.
Ma Dawan said that the fire in the forest has started since April, but Assam has come and invaded and does not own the land, while the Council has not shown any signs yet. to take action to discuss with the State Government or the Assam Government on the ownership of the forest land.
The death toll has risen to 2,54,1
Speaking to reporters after filing his nomination papers, Bah Siangshai said that his decision to contest the MP election is because he has a desire to serve and to develop a small nation.
Shillong, Jymphong 06: The UDP candidate from Pynursla, Anthony Kongwang, who has been a strong supporter of Prestone in the past years, has said that he has left the NPP to join the UDP. This is because he does not agree with the work of Pynursla MLA Bah Prestone Tynsong and that there is a problem with the leaders of him as one of the colleagues of the party.
They also expressed their concern that if they say that the rural income is low, they will turn away the people who come from the rural areas to go to the city.
She said that her aim is to serve her community which has been neglected and backward in all aspects.
But the more secrets there are, the more likely they are to be deceived! Perhaps there are some of the residents who do not understand that once they have provided important information regarding the money, they can inevitably lose the money they have earned with the precious water.
On the 11th of this month, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF held a rally against the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 at Khyndai Lad where they burnt posters of CAB , Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Defense Minister Rajnath Singh and BJP National President Amit Shah.
He said that the party has decided to monitor the complaints of the people regarding the presence of illegal parmaw in the Jirang area which has destroyed the environment.
Jowai: The Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy of the Super Division Football Tournament 2022 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has been held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The mother and father decided that the young man would stay at home without going anywhere.
The JHADC has misused its powers by not issuing certificates to the Waheh Shnong of Mynsngat Village after he was elected on 20th June, by ballot, led by the Chief Executive Member of the JHADC. the Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka, which was held in accordance with section 23 (3) of the above Act.
We must have the method and authority to follow up.
On the other hand, on the appointment of Rangbah Shnong government employees, Bah Titos said that this is the responsibility of the district council, not the government.
However, Lahkmen said that besides the construction of the college, the construction of another part of the college building has not been completed.
Therefore, man is a wonderful and wonderful creature, that the true man is not in this body but is inside. Spirit) and thus we can say that man is a spirit, because when the soul dies from the body, the spirit goes to God and the body goes to the dust. soil.
All those youths who have already applied for the post of Police are requested to come and take part in this programme.
We will try to do so that no place will be cut off many times a day,” he said.
Speaking to reporters at the meeting room of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong on Tuesday, the president of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar, said that the cooperation between the two organizations has always been there. From time to time, such as the celebration of Seng Kut Snem, Shad Suk Mynsiem, Chad Sukra and others, but in terms of Behdieñkhlam, this is the turn of the two priests including Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar and Waheh OR Shallam, President of Seinraij Jowai, expressed their views on how to open the door or invite them together at Behdienkhlam.
In the current results, 36 candidates have scored 20th position, including Neelam Kumari of Embee Rosebud Secondary School, Tura, who scored 577 marks and scored highest in E, M; Darila Akor Kharmawphlang, St Mary's Higher Secondary School, came second with 565 marks. S & T, SSc, HPE, Ae.
The Chinese troops are planning to withdraw Indian troops from Mount Mukhpari in Rezang-La, according to reports. The camp was occupied by the Indian Army.
The Dutch authorities have announced that all citizens of the country are banned from carrying mobile phones, tablets or smartwatches inside school classrooms from this year you will come.
As it is now, it is clear that after this election, many of the TMC leaders will join the BJP. “It's because the TMC is team B of the BJP. Therefore, there is no cooperation here,” said Bah Pala.
Besides, the Minister said that the ranking of the states in the field of education is based on the condition of the state from the ease of access to schools, the availability of networks, the number of schools. schools in rural areas are scarce.
Furthermore, at the meeting, without any hesitation, the office bearers of the HSPDP, Rambrai Area Unit unanimously proposed that the MLA, Bah KP Pangniang should be the candidate of the party for the election. part of this election.
What led him to make this instrument is because he was inspired by his father, who was also a musician and maker in the past, and according to him, the time he could use good for his purpose in this work, it is during the outbreak of Covid-1
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District has imposed a 12 hour curfew from 6 pm on the 2nd to 6 pm on the 3rd October 2020 in Shillong.
The announcement is silent on the direct promotion of younger classes.
“When the President's Rule comes, the elections will come and the people will decide.
The highlight of this evening of celebration was the desire to see the lighting of the lights on the tree, where all the people came together to watch the last minutes before the turn on the lights.
When I read the book “Your baby's first year” on page 56 paragraph 3 it says:- Niuma, a foreigner who has the wealth to give to others can give up his duty if he doesn't love rights to children and does not have true motherhood.
Shillong: After many years of defeat in many elections, u Bah Martle Mukhim has now won the MDC election 2019 from the HSPDP Mawkynrew constituency.
That is why the lockdown is a golden opportunity for the beneficiaries.
Mawlai Pata ML05 S 0991 scooty.
He said the committee, which was held last year, has sent decisions to the government including letters sent by the state to lift the ban on coal mining under Para 12 A (b) of the Sixth Scheduled. .
Looking back at the state of society, the rule of law, we cannot say that on this occasion, the handshake, the response of the leaders of the political parties to each other, has been very strong and if they are wise, they don't even want to hear.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister praised the Hima Khyrim for its ability to maintain its religion and customs and urged the Hima Khyrim not to forget this.
The land to receive you is the land of death.
They also informed about the shortage of funds for athletes and gave an example of how in 2016-2017 the sports department has allocated only Rs 17.40 lakh for 11 sports federations. , while 10 sports federations did not receive any assistance.
The Government should understand this govt policy otherwise there will be problems in the future in literacy in the state.
Prestone said that after a meeting with the CEM of KHADC, the Deputy Commissioner and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, they have decided that the shops inside the market will not be closed. It is not allowed to open until further notice.
Group-G consists of Tripura, Madhya Pradesh, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Regarding Bernard's claim that the Prime Minister had ordered the police to shoot him dead and kill him for fear that the Prime Minister would lose the upcoming elections, Prestone said. This is the statement of the MDC.
While those residents who earn their living by working smartly until their hands and feet, spend their city power, their minds, if they try to find ways to get help from the government, no one believes.
These markets which have been allowed to open 20 percent in Jowai are at Lawmusiang, CNI Market, JPC Market and Lawthymme, Ladthalaboh, Jowai which are under the jurisdiction of the Market Committees from 9.00 AM to 3.00 PM. Those who can open are those who have number: Monday: Those who have number 1 & 4 Tuesday: Those who have number 2 & 5 Thursday: Those who have number 3 & 6 Ka Dorbar Tympang Iawmusiang Jowai Village has already posted these numbers on the signs of the shops and urged the shopkeepers to follow the arrangements.
Phan is a good price to buy brand new.
Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh, General Secretary and Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, said that the price of sports in the state has increased.
Police have seized the drugs and a mobile phone and arrested Rofique Uddin Ahmed.
Dr. PS Chakraborty, Co-Director of OncomaxNe and currently pursuing his MSc.
According to sources, the incident happened while a group of forest officials were on duty to seize a tractor which was smuggling them. tree.
All eight aides and members of the militant group were arrested in Kanpur in 2017 in connection with involvement and conspiracy to commit terrorist acts.
Techi Gromb from Arunachal Pradesh won the HipHop competition and Anil Chetri from Meghalaya came second and was selected to represent the North East. in the final round of the HipHop Competition to be held in Mumbai in November
“You the people of Nongstoiñ have experienced the Saw for the past three years, now we will experience the San,” he said.
The vehicle (ML 07B 2345) was heading from Williamnagar to Shillong.
Ram Nela Durga Prasad Roa was admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong on 4th November for treatment of hypertension and diabetes.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The body of a 16-year-old school student has been found hanging from a tree.
The Cabinet decision also approved that there should be up to four members in the MSEC especially to consider the number of schools in Meghalaya.
They said that at the meeting today, the commandant of the 101 Area, instead of discussing to resolve the issue, fled the venue before the meeting ended.
The Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlang was the chief guest.
“I am saddened to see the discrimination against the farmers by the government, because as it is now in Mawhati Constituency up to 90 percent of the farmers are still farmers and at the same time it is still a backward area. “If there are no leaders to look after this problem, it will cause more problems to the people in the area,” said Bah Roswell Shadap.
The puh shilum vehicles have been blocked all night and have covered the ground and stones so that the vehicles can pass through this road.
The farmer immediately informed the villagers who had driven away the Karbi, but there was a clash and a fight in which one Karbi was injured in the incident.
On the other hand, the party has appealed to the CEM not to treat the people as fools because they have already understood his scheme.
However, at the same time, he said that the NPP could win more MLAs this time than in the past.
Speeches were also delivered by Dr. KB Sahkhar, President of MVSA, Dr. CJK Warjri, General Secretary.
He said that the floods have affected the farmers in Langkyrding and Pynthor and some of the small areas have been affected by the floods. and even in the middle of the night they had to flee if they didn't flee they could be injured by the floods and this caused the loss of property.
Therefore, if we take it as a whole, we can say that Dewthang means that whether it is wood, coal, rnga or even alcohol, petrol, diesel, gasoline are the minerals that come from the ground. it is appropriate to name Dewthang to be more salonsar and carry a broad idea.
The products will be sold to factories to build new structures and the proceeds will be donated to the District Administration for development works or programmes. their light.
He said the government's purpose in building this sports complex is to encourage the youth to take part in sports which will be the future of their lives.
New Delhi, November 29 : A Memorandum of Settlement between the Government of India, the Government of Assam and members of United Liberation was signed in the presence of Defense Minister and Union Cooperation Minister Amit Shah. The ULFA, in New Delhi, today.
“We have also helped foreigners, we have decided to issue free visas to all those who want to come to India, we have provided for the needs of the refugees,” Singh said.
If there is a shortage of water or any other necessities of the CHC, the government should provide and any health centers should not treat the sick.
“You will do as the doctor tells you tomorrow,” said Panah.
The poor man is rich, while the rich man has the strength to do it.
The public is also requested to come to the PHC at night only for those emergency cases.
Conrad was the leader of the Selsella Constituency in 2008 and was also the youngest Finance Minister in the state at that time.
In the men's category, Little Star FC beat Mawhati Grassroot 4-3, and in the women's category, Umsning Grassroot FC beat Mawhati Grassroot 4-3 of Grassroots Satire from 1 to 0.
Among the leaders of the HSPDP who attended the function were Bah KP Pangniang, President of the HSPDP Women's Wing, Bah PB Sylliang, President of the HSPDP Women's Wing. Shillong: Shillong: Today, 24th July 2022, the students who passed the Physical Test and Medical Test, conducted by the Indian Army, to join the Indian Army. They held a rally with placards to express their demands, starting from the march of the statue of Kiang Nangbah, Barik to Malki Point and returning to Malki Point. Barik to express their opposition to the Government of India through the Ministry of Defense not to conduct the examination or to issue an appointment letter even after passing the Physical Test and Medical Test which they have conducted in October of 2021.
It is time for the people to understand that if the MLAs who have been elected do not do anything, they should be rejected as the state in the upcoming elections.
He said that as soon as the MDA-2 Government was formed, they have come out from time to time and submitted petitions on these issues. The government will take action to implement these demands within this year.
Tyrsa said that the PHE has not yet started implementation of the scheme but according to his information, the scheme will be implemented soon in the months of July. come.
“On the part of the new Lamphang in his speech, he congratulated all the members of the House who unanimously elected him to take over the post.
The KHNAM has requested the state government to cancel the personal interview for the posts of Group B, C and D. KHNAM Leader Thomas Passah on Tuesday said that the KHNAM has already submitted a letter to the MDA-I government to demand the abolition of the personal interview. “As of now, the Government of India has already removed this so that it can remove the recruitment in the wrong way and this interview has completed the plan. government money and the time of the officers,” he said.
He said that through this scheme, the government has also decided to involve the village authorities to look after and maintain the drinking water wells.
Myntri Rangbah Duh will also deliver a speech to those who have just been employed.
Bah Monarch ShabongOne of the young journalists, Bah Kenny Warjri, has passed away in a tragic incident on Sunday and another, Bah WL Lytan, has been seriously injured. is one of the oldest photographers of the State.
“I feel it is the right of journalists to fight for their rights,” she said, adding that the government will do whatever is necessary to improve the safety of journalists.
At the same time, Shillong received 21.2mm of rainfall while Umiam received 5.6mm.
“As we explained at the beginning, our struggle is against corruption and criminalization of the Khadar regime in Meghalaya.
According to the law, to become an opposition leader, you need 10 MLAs. However, there is another way to become an opposition leader if the Congress and TMC form a group but they have to agree to elect. to the leader of the opposition among them.
She urged all the communities to refrain from any activities that could lead to conflict.
Speaking at a meeting held at Mahendraganj, Dikkanchi strongly criticized the MDA Government by saying, “What has the MDA Government done for the state? Illegal mining of coal is rampant in Meghalaya.
The HAI also congratulated the IOA for implementing the work it should do to end these conflicts and made a request. for collaboration.
Before the resolution was passed, the Bill “Election to the Office of Dolloi” was introduced which contains amendments to the nomination form for the candidates to contest the post of Dolloi so that the candidates can Tell us about their activities, robbery if any and others that the public needs to get clear information.
Jyrwa will contest against Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the former president of the KSU, in the 2019 MDC election.
On Dr Mukul's visit to request the Governor to implement the Principal Act of the MRSSA, Prestone said that the current MRSSA is only like the Tenancy Act to take the necessary provisions. The MDA government has adopted an amendment last year by introducing the Registration Act.
Because of their illegal entry, it has made it difficult for the country to maintain peace and order and many kinds of illegal activities.
He said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has set a goal to free the North East from corruption and develop the North East before the country.
If the state government is weak, these issues will not reach anywhere but will hang in the balance.
He said that this march is part of the campaign to raise awareness among the residents of the district not to spread garbage on the streets and public places in order to bring about cleanliness of the morning in the villages.
Nongstoiñ, November 12: On Tuesday, November 12, 2013, the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) Central Body led by Bah KP Pangniang, President, together with the leaders of the Youth Wing, welcomed the leaders of the Youth Wing. The Garo National Council (GNC) at Mawphanlur, in front of the memorial to (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
According to them, it is not only Ngaitlang who will join the NPP but there will be other Congress MLAs.
Aishwariya Malang of Khliehyongriang Jowai was the winner, Emichwa Daka B.Ladia from Mustem was the runner-up and Odarica Kamar War was the 1st runner-up. Chutwakhu Jowai won the second runner up.
Therefore, on that day, the coast guard and rescue agencies immediately rushed to the scene with their boats as soon as they saw the ship floating on the surface of the water that morning.
“The NCERT books to be used include English, Maths and Science for this year, as there is no need to change anything,” said Rakkam.
On the other hand, Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP, said that if the NPP needs the support of the BJP, they should apply to him.
Dirty politics has been rejected, but people who believe in justice, who earn money should come forward to resolve the problems and protect society from the dangers that lie ahead.
Ravi urged the youth not to fall prey to such scam targets and avoid any association with the illegal organization as well as illegal activities.
Sacred Heart had to play with only 40 players after one of the players was sent off for a red card for a child inside the box.
Nityanand Rai – Minister of State in the Ministry of Home Affairs17.
We should ask ourselves if we all vote for personal gain, who will vote for good roads, who will vote for good schools and colleges, who will vote for clean governance, we should think for the benefit of the community because most of us have a misunderstanding, some say if I support one candidate I don't need to pay, some say if I support another I don't need to do these difficult things now, but what we have to do every day, if anyone wins, we have to do.
A portrait of Mukul Sangma was erected in a well at the site, where an empty silk cut was placed on his shoulder and an empty bottle of water was placed on his shoulder. .
Many MLAs from Jaintia Hills also supported the strong opposition to the ban on coal mining.
We believe in the Law of righteousness, holiness, self-control, and responsibility.
Therefore, the government is looking into all aspects to ensure that whatever decision they take will be for the benefit of all and also to ensure that the employment is right. to be an opportunity for all the youth of the state,” said Conrad Sangma.
Furthermore, it is learned that the youths of Malki village will protest against the violence of the authorities to prevent the youths of Malki village who have registered with the State Sports Council from competing or teaching at the school. place.
The tournament will be held from the 27th to the 29th of this month at Wahaiajer Village, West Jaintia Hills from 10:00 pm on the theme “Snap the Longshuwa Suhsieng of the Khasi Religion”.
Nongpoh: U Raja Brahma, Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, who is also the BDO of Bhoirymbong C&RD Block, on Tuesday inspected the ICDS Building at Madanumwang Village, Block-2 of Assam.
The 32 new cases include 29 BSF personnel, one admitted to NEIGHRIMS, one from outside the state and one from Khanapara, Ribhoi District.
The employment quota is divided between Khasi Jaintia and Garo at 40 to 40 and has been implemented since
Aisanlang Dohling (28) and Donklur Singh Teron (34) scored for Sacred Heart while Nangteiskhem Lyngdoh Mannai (54) and Elvenstar Pathaw (58) scored for Tlongumiam.
Former Nongpoh MDC Rona Khymdeit will also join the NPP on 22nd October. Sniawbha said the vote count of the NPP has increased by 10 lakh votes.
Albinus, MDC from Umroi constituency, was asked whether he had met with Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar, who is also from the Congress party, before taking the decision to resign. The MLA, I am the MDC, he does his duty – I do my duty too,” said Bah Albinus.
It is time to provide strong education to the citizens of Meghalaya, to enable them to uphold their rights and develop their intellectual capacity.
Our behavior now is a sign of goodness for your children and their future]
“We want to inform the government about the shortage of farmers in Mawkynrew and other places,” he said. to 40 tyngka per kilo.
Chandra Nongdkhar, Secretary of the Organization, said that the final will be held on the 10th of this month at 2:00 pm at the same venue. field.
Prayer must be fulfilled in action – when we pray and say the Lord's Prayer “Give us this day our daily bread” it means a struggle and struggle to get our rights and responsibilities, such as food, adequate income, land to cultivate and live in.
The MBoSE has directed all schools affiliated and recognized by the Board under Affiliation Chapter iv.2i to maintain an Average Pass Percentage of 50% in all examinations conducted by the Board. the Board.
They also wished him the best of luck in winning medals in the upcoming tournaments especially in the biggest tournaments in the country.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said that this is a meeting which is held every 15 days to look at the situation in the state.
There are 142 recoveries and 2 deaths.
Many people can no longer see or know what people do to their bodies when they die and one person wants to try for herself to see how they die. Her loved ones are very sad when she dies and she has held a 10-day funeral for her body in the Dominican Republic.
The candidate should be politically skilled to bring the issues of the people to Parliament especially as he is part of the North East Regional Political Front (NERPF) which is an alliance with the NDA in the country. Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the government should allow the owners of land in Umsawlai to stay on their land until they get it is the decision of the Court.
According to Mukul, the government has allocated funds through the CMYDS to assist groups of political parties to spend on such a day to celebrate Independence Day.
She said that it is the duty of the MLAs especially the Ministers to listen to the demands of the teachers as they are the ones who provide education until they reach the post of leader.
The HYC in a statement from its Publicity Secretary-JHD, Bah Damanleki Lathong, strongly condemned the shooting death of two persons in East Jaintia Hills and condemned the police and Magistrates who were present at the incident. sun.
“I don't want to talk about unity anymore, it's time to find a way to solve the problems, if we get that way, the nation will get unity, if not how can we get unity? Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, MLA Nongthymmai, who is also one of the leaders of the HSPDP, said that the UDP leader said that the Rangbah Shnongs are from the HSPDP. The HSPDP has not been able to sleep since the day they met with the Rangbah Shnongs on 3rd July 2015 and he said that the committee headed by Bah Bindo M Lanong has She also demanded that the Village Administration Bill should be passed.
He said that two suspects have been arrested.
“One of these items was purchased two or three years ago.
John Wick stars Keanu Reeves, Michael Nyqvist, Alfie Allen, Bridget Moynahan and others.
“We have met with the staff, nurses, doctors, members of the Management Committee and church leaders and we are well aware of the problems faced by the hospital and we will strive to find ways and means to address them. “All these problems,” said Dr Chandy while talking to reporters at the Guest House of Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital.
Through this dorbar, the Rangbah Shnongs, have to understand that the budlum of the Jaitbynriew, is not only in the city, but in the villages and therefore, in life or death, the villagers. and the villager, they shall walk together.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 906 with seven deaths and 485 new cases on Saturday.
Meghalaya was created as an autonomous state within Assam on 2 June 1970 by merging the three districts of United Khasi Hills and Garo Hills under the Assam Reorganization (Meghalaya). act 1968.
St.Claret Higher Sec School, Nongmensong 32.
The commemoration started with football and will end on 4th July
I have explained this in my speech in the recent Dorbar Mangtyngka, so I feel that they (the opposition) should sit down and listen to my answer.
Sniawbha also congratulated one of the schools in West Jaintia Hills District which has brought glory to the district and the state as a whole.
Shillong, July 3: A group of civil society organizations including CSWO, Thma u Rangli (TUR) have decided to hold a rally on 11th July in Shillong to protest against violence against women. especially after the exposure of politicians to involvement in acts against women.
Now add some Aloe vera gel to these oils and mix until smooth.
They also requested the Secretary of MUDA through the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District to open all parking lots at Police Bazar, Polo, Luckier Road and other places until 11 am. on April 2nd and 4th.
He said Sarma's statement on the increase in food prices due to the Miya people was unfounded and inflammatory.
There are 2 dead.
The vehicle was purchased at a price of T.13 lakh.
Mondal declined to comment when asked whether there was any motive behind the NC against him for the second time.
Other varieties of jhur, soh and jain produced by Meghalaya were also exhibited on the occasion.
Shillong, July 6: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) has demanded that the Secretary Khatsawphra Land and Forest Owners Association (KLPOA) should relocate the timber factory in the village. Sangshang, on the way to Mairang CHC, as it disrupts the traffic and also the patients who are admitted to the hospital, in the evening.
Shillong, March 26: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit on Tuesday sought clarification from Bah Michael Kharsyntiew on his recent speech to the media without the permission of the party.
This training is known as the Biodiversity Fair.
These were the Congress and HSPDP leaders from Jirang who were welcomed by NPP President Conrad K Sangma.
These employees are appointed and paid salaries by the Board, and are provided with uniforms to wear.
This too stays in your office, without going anywhere.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul said, “The failure is that there are reasons that cannot be explained, there are fighting somewhere and this reason has led to the death of The Congress should win or make the Congress candidate win halfway like in Himachal Pradesh.
New Delhi: BJP MP Parvesh Verma, who has been banned from the Election Commission for campaigning for racial discrimination, said today that Rajiv Gandhi is Rajiv Feroze. Khan' and this he said in Parliament.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Custom Preventive Unit of Shillong has seized a truck with the license plate of Nagaland.
The use of Nano Urea has resulted in an increase in food production.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 51, RBD: 2, WGH: 3, WJH: 2 and WKH:
Superintendent of Police, Karbi Anglong, Sanjib Kumar Saikia said, “The security forces conducted a raid in the area of ​​Dilai Tiniali after receiving detailed information about the drug trafficking plot.
Shillong: After a four-day journey, students from Meghalaya, who are stranded in Rajasthan, arrived this morning at about 5:00 pm.
He urged the youth to follow his example and to work hard even in the midst of many obstacles in the journey of life by persevering and persevering to achieve their goals.
She said that even in youth gatherings, women should be vigilant and think carefully as it can lead to bad incidents.
O.Massar DSP Traffic Ribhoi, P.Marwein, CI Nongpoh, S.Marsing, Commander LA 6th Bin Umran and Rangbah Shnong of Ribhoi were also present on the occasion. Bah Jayand Sylliang.
Jowai: U Paila K Lyngkot has resigned as President of the BJP Jowai Mandal.
They were taken to Tura Civil Hospital on Friday but on the same day Marak escaped from the room where he was being treated by a doctor and two security guards.
Shisha and Bahdeng did not contest elections in
"We also congratulate the North East Olympic Association and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, both of whom have worked hard to ensure that this tournament was held in accordance with international standards, and was conducted in harmony with the “It's a good idea to work with the sports department,” said Conrad.
He said the PDF strongly condemns this tragic incident and sends its condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones and condolences to those who were seriously injured. those who are still undergoing treatment will continue to recover from day to day.
how can you not hear more about the Sengbhalang at this time?
“The Chairperson of the Women's Commission is actually a political appointee or appointed by the ruling party but we have to look at the rules and we have to look at how much. this complaint is Ïeng.
Uttam married Raju and Sapna at the Durga temple in Sutanganj, where friends and relatives came to witness the marriage. Uttam congratulated them. ki shijur, by saying, “The work of marriage is one that has been appointed by the one from above”.
It is worth mentioning that a few days ago, KHNAM has revised the Reservation Policy in the state or the division between Garo and Khasi-Jaintia whether it is in terms of employment or education. KHNAM has demanded the removal of 40% of the Garo and 40% of the Khasi-Jaintia quota. and suggested that she wants to have a clean competition between the students and applicants of these three ethnic groups, no longer to wait for the 40%.
Shillong, June 21 : U Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai has visited and inspected the statue of three dongs at the State Central Library Soso Tham Auditorium for the purpose of making statues of the heroes of the state. Tirot Singh, King Nangbah and Togan Sangma.
They have laid a strong foundation for our state from education, forest preservation, electricity to all places, roads, animal and fish farming, underground, government buildings in each district, new markets, tourist attractions, preservation of culture and tradition, recognition of major festivals as State Festivals, employment opportunities for the three There are three tribes (Khasi, Jaintia and Garo).
On the other hand, SGH, which won both the games from the zone, played well in terms of ball but could not control the extras, and Rikmanchi M Sangma scored 2/. 13, Jaylynn and Dianchidora N Sangma both won 2/21 and Marme won 1/1
Romero Lukaku scores for Manchester United In another match, Manchester City beat Bournemouth 3-1 in the first leg of the season. Silva scored in the 15th minute, Sterling in the 57th minute and Gundagon in the 80th minute, while Wilson scored for Southampton in the 44th minute.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the residents who live near the villages where there are dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills, said that when the dewbilat companies first came to the village, they came to promise to provide jobs. There is no water supply and other facilities to help the village, but now the villages there have been without water because these companies have taken over, and even the shops have reported that They started bringing in foreigners to sell the needs of the company's employees.
He said that out of these, 19.74 crore voters are between the ages of 21 to 29 years.
The marathon was organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, DSO and District Sports Promotional Society.
Not only that, but let's look at the role of MeCOFED, which should help the farmers and farmers, but what has it done for the department, even in these days of great shortage in farmers in the State? MCCL is the oldest company and it is known that the dewbilat produced by the factory is the best in the state and all that remains is to strengthen it. its name and price is already in the market and when its income decreases, the State Government should tie its own shyllang and it is true; Of all the dewbilat companies in the state, only MCCL is run by politicians and IAS officers, while Star Cement, Top Cem and others have not been seen. politician or IAS, but they are looking for those who know how to make dewbilat and who know how to market dewbilat.
When will the people of the state be able to fight against the election campaign?
Nongpoh, July 15: The Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement Zone-VI on Saturday raised the flag as a sign of the opening of the 5th Zonal Youth Convention on the occasion of the 5th Zonal Youth Convention. Luke 6:43 and the convention will end on the 14th July at Lumsinai, Umden Parish.
Almost all families complain that the children of today are unclean and disrespectful to their parents.
We have urged to expedite the investigation and arrest immediately those involved in the killing,” said Bah Ronie.
This is the second part of the abuse.
The people of this area are not very poor, but the neglect of them through development projects such as roads, electricity, health facilities and other daily necessities, has left them behind. he is cat.
KhubleiA special thank you to the author of this article, Bah D.Tariang. I wish you all the best. God.
As our government has taken this initiative, by 2022 it has been able to increase the insurance or MHIS to 5,30,000 lakh per capita for all the paid citizens of the state who have registered in MHIS,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The same judgment of God has come upon this generation.
The Ri Khasi East Federation (RKSF) has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident which happened in Thangskia, East Jaintia Hills. This will happen if the Government does not use the Land Lease to award large companies in the State.
When it comes to other sectors, the state is still sleeping, with no signs of growth.
Dr Joram Beda IAS, Secretary, Planning, GAD, Soil and Water Conservation, Health and Family Welfare, has been promoted to the post of Commissioner & Secretary.
The JAC has requested the Government and the Agency to register the names of the state owners who are more skilled as employees in any job and that the purpose of this project will be to employ the owners first. the owner of the country.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has demanded an immediate inquiry into the embezzlement of Rs.5.78 crore by the District Council Affairs (DCA) Department of the State Government. (JHADC).
This also happened to Kreshia Langstang who was not allowed to stay with her children in her own house.
How does the Indian Association of Surgical Oncology (IASO) work in CLOSING THE GAP? IASO, as the largest surgical oncology organization, tries its best to guide and encourage young groups, doctors ( surgeons) who are interested in the field of surgical oncology and do not cooperate.
There were 300 bottles of phensedyl in one box and the total number of phensedyl seized was 21,000 bottles worth T.26.7 lakh.
Therefore, the union will also meet with the Minister of Home Affairs to discuss this issue, as the union does not want to have any responsibility in the appointment of employees, because of the responsibility or actions. “It is not only a violation of the rights of the youth, but it will also undermine the working methods of the Police Department in the state, but to appoint themselves according to the needs of the youth,” said Bah John Mawphniang.
The Minister in charge of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has acknowledged that there has been a decline in the price of synsar in the state.
Two residents of Indica, Shining Bareh and Nidaemi Sungoh, were rushed to the Civil Hospital Ialong.
Furthermore, it is sad that in that video, other people have understood that what she is doing is a shame for us to hear her speaking against our Khasi men.
The father's words, 'If you have a relationship, let me know...' They rang and made Hep sleep that night.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the injuries of the pedestrians have been received after the bus collided with them after the pedestrians could not cross the road due to the footpath. by the market vendors.
Bah Sanbor said this by erecting stones to the heroes of the state as a sign of remembrance of those who sacrificed their lives to protect the Khasi, Pnar and Garo people.
The suspect is from North Guwahati and lives near Nagaon, Assam, police said.
However, before the end of the year, the signs of destruction appeared and those who expected ended up in great disappointment because even a single powa did not reach the goal.
Pynshngainlang Dkhar came second and Kedrick Kharpor came third.
He said that the meeting has decided that on the 5th November this year they will hold a training program for 500 students from class 10 to class Experts from Social Welfare, Police and Religious Leaders will also provide explanations.
These should be identified and taken to the doctors before the situation gets worse.
He said that the tournament will continue to be held every year to train children and young athletes.
Because if you read too quickly, it can be confusing and misleading.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Grace said that the first investigation has been submitted to the EC but there is still another investigation. investigation is ongoing and in order for the investigation to be clean, the 3 officers have been suspended.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the workshop, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma urged the youth to take advantage of this opportunity in the field of food processing. percent of all agricultural products; Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen and expand the field to increase the income of the farmers as well as the people who set up factories to process agricultural products or process them into the form of umsoh and others.
He said that in Phase-I, the Government has set a target of distributing up to 16,000 pigs to pig farmers across the state.
However, on the same day at 3:34 pm, an unidentified person who was admitted to the ICU at the Civil Hospital died.
T20I: Dhoni is the first Indian Twenty20 international in history.
The bridge was painted on the 17th of June, in fact, the engineers of the PWD department immediately in the following days went to inspect and the government has decided to send Inspect more and more of this bridge on the border.
The proposal of the Electricity Department was approved by the Cabinet meeting chaired by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on 18th March.
In our country, whenever there is a clash in the border areas, the MLAs in the Assembly, except for speaking, do not want to show the spirit of solidarity with those who have been damaged and tortured by the Assam authorities. Even now after the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding MoU between the two States by the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya, we should understand clearly that this signing has no basis without details and The Parliamentary Committee on Inter-State Borders is still under the jurisdiction of the Central Government.
Throughout the day, the CRPF also handed over sports equipment to the students of Sankardev Secondary School in Marngar.
But if he says “defend the rights of all religions,” why does the MLA of Shillong North expunge the speaker? Isn't democracy insufficient as I said? This should be resolved if our leaders are competent.
My government will respect all religions equally.
The Paiem said that the organization of this festival is also part of the preservation of the culture which was established by the ancestors, and this is also part of the save our own culture because this age has begun to forget its own culture.
In the final match between Shillong Lajong FC and Riangdo YSCA, Shillong Lajong FC has already won the most points. YSCA has only six points from the start to the end of the MSL which has become the Mawkyrwat Zone this year.
Speaking to media, Bah Kennedy Khyriem said that he is ready to contest the mid-term elections as he has served the Mawphlang Constituency for five years from 2013 to He said that this time he has received the support of the people and he has no doubt, because he is confident that he will be the winner of this election.
For India, Jharkhand's Akshima, who made her debut at the Asian Games, performed well.
As empowered under Section 144 CrPC, the District Magistrate has issued orders to prohibit election related activities such as writing signs on streets, posters, banners and flags. government or public facilities.
On the part of the leaders of the ZOMI Welfare Association under the leadership of the Secretary, SK Mung and the HMAR Community, they congratulated the Dorbar Shnong and The police have allowed them to provide temporary shelter for their people and on their part they also want this conflict to lead to peace because they have felt sorry for their people and they don't want Manipur should be a bloody state.
Efforts have also been made to prepare the necessary measures to end the flood at the site and IIT Delhi has come to conduct a survey and is considering how to prevent the flood at the site. “It's a place where it happens every year,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
This was the first meeting and was attended by dozens of pensioners.
Anistasia Susngi, Anita, Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills, has passed away on 28/11/2 .
Memorial.
Candidates were also prohibited from campaigning within 100 meters of the Polling Station and those candidates who campaigned within 100 meters of the Polling Station violated Section 130 of the Representation of the People Act,
The Women Jan Dhan account will receive T.500 per month for the next three months and there are 63 lakh self-help groups in the country and these will receive T.10 lakh. They have received T.20 lakh,” said the minister.
A few days before the start of the Budget Session of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (JHADC), there has been a change in the political situation of the council after four BJP MDCs have resigned. The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) led by Thombor Shiwat has been appointed as the Chief Executive Member (CEM).
“We have already written the letter.
“We are ready to explain to them all the steps we have taken and I am confident that they will understand and cooperate with us,” he added.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate from Mawsynram constituency, Bah HM Shangpliang today said that the main issue in the upcoming elections is the creation of a Civil Sub Division for Mawsynram. on the road from Mawngap to Balat.
However, the Syiem Khynnah and the Executive Durbar are very stable,” they said.
Wow paan naki Blai ïei kyrdoh, There is no difference in my faith and I am chait lang I all.
It is because of the immorality and lack of full understanding that such burning lighters while smoking cigarettes and smoking cause house fires and pluh forest.
This year 2022, India has celebrated its 75th Independence Day every 15th of July
jowai@gmail.com, Phone (O)-0364-2914127).
Essay that is more clear about the road to budlum.
He said that the protest of the residents of Jaintia Hills under the umbrella of the Jaintia Coordinating Committee for Reservation Policy, 1972 (JCCRP) is on the basis of demanding human rights in the distribution of employment in the State. any intention to oppose the State Government or to discriminate between the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The North East Students Union (NSU) has passed the Citizen (Amendment) Bill 2016, Foreigner (Amendment) Order 2015, Passport (Entry in to India) Notification Small groups of people from Bangladesh have settled in the North East.
When was this book published? Radhon Singh Berry gives advice on how or about what from chapter XX1 of the Old Testament Part 1 in which year was the old book I and IIDon't want to end up in darkness.
Bah Gambril said that the CHC Patharkhmah is the hub of the people of Ri Bhoi West and everyone expects to get treatment at any time, but if it is in this way. You can't go to the hospital.
In the past decade, how many sportsmen have been employed or admitted to school, college or university? However, the management of sports activities and sports events in the State has declined significantly.
The number of cases in Manipur has risen to 1,609, with 896 recovering and 713 undergoing treatment.
This is not because they pay for Kansal, but it is a sign that it is not only Kansal who has been treated unfairly, but many other lawyers have also experienced this incident. .
Shillong: The FKJGP War Jaintia Circle in a statement sent by Bah Reachingson Kongwang, Gen.
The world is filled with corruption.
They take advantage of the narrowness of the road and feel that they are the only ones who walk at night.
The match was played at the Stadio Olimpico, where there were only 10 spectators in the stadium and all the goals came in the second half.
“In the next 5 or 6 months of our rule, we will dedicate ourselves to complete and pass the laws for the nation to stand,” said Bah Shylla.
“First of all, I will try to find ways and means to eliminate the shortage of funds within the Council because even to pay salaries to the employees has been a problem for the Council,” said the new CEM. Before the election for the post of CEM, at 11:00 am, the election for the election of the Speaker of the Council was held at 11:00 am. Dykes.
Nongpoh: At the opening of the football tournament organized by the Umden Area Local Taxi Drivers Association (UALTD & OA) at Umden Stadium, Ri Bhoi, Diwon Sports Club won the title. Himpala Sports Club beat Himpala Sports Club 1-0
Conrad said it was only a political exploitation by the Opposition but the relocation was not done as usual by the government for the benefit of the people for the smooth running of the government.
Jowai: Traffic jam on the NH-06 in the areas of Tubershohshrieh, Tuberkmaishnong, Khongong and Wapung has started since yesterday.
Prestone said that the State Government has thought carefully before taking this decision and requested the owners of the petrol pumps to move from the present site because the site will not be used to build the flyover. long in this place.
The cause of the fire was due to an electrical fault.
They went into the fields to cut down only those who had been eaten by insects to draw sweet water.
MPUF President Kyrshan Blah and Juny Phawa President San Shnong Circle visited Ratacherra to inspect the COVID-19 testing center.
Therefore, the HITO strongly condemns the government and especially the authorities in charge of their corruption, said a statement sent by the President of HITO, Samla Polius Thyrniang. Secretary to Samla H.Marshal Ramsiej.
Bah Gigur Myrthong distributed 150 byrni of rice, 50 byrni of rice, 15 byrni of dai, 5 byrni of sugar and 5 byrni of mluh. He also received Rs.5000/- to each household and 20,000/- to the household affected by the floods.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong Lawmali Pyllun would like to inform you that the General Meeting held on the 18th November, 2023 at 9 pm at the Community Hall has elected the following Village Officers for the post of Year 2023-2026.
On receiving information about the incident, the Patharkhmah Police Outpost rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation and find out who was involved in the incident. damage to the building.
During these two days, they will test all the employees who need to be tested urgently.
On the other hand, the market dwellers in Basa Jhur, Basa Sohsaw and also at the head of the market urged the Hima Mylliem especially the KHADC to immediately install CCTV cameras so that the market dwellers can be safe.
Rani Jirang is the farthest area from the Police Outposts of Ri Bhoi District and is also on the Meghalaya-Assam border. Bhoi to set up this police station, will please the people living in this area.
After being taken to hospital, it was pronounced that the woman died due to her injuries.
According to the Chief BSF Officer in charge of the incident, these incidents happen from time to time, but on that day there were about 300 people from India. and Bangladesh clashed with BSF troops while trying to curb smuggling activities and to calm the crowd, BSF troops fired two bullets in which Asen Marak was killed.
Including even a little rice in your daily diet can help improve bone health and get strong bones for years to come.
Benjamin Warlarpih, Senior Consultant State Outreach Coordinator of Bansara Eye Care said that the eyes are precious to see the things around us and therefore they need to be cared for.
The suspect also tried to hide the drugs in the hidden parts of the Tourist Sumo and during the search, police seized the drugs including drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: People from all over the country have come out to support the demand for the revision of the Reservation Policy and also to support the strike by Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit in front of the Secretariat.
The Minister was responding to a question on the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution by Nongpoh MLA Bah Mayralborn Syiem.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the government authorities should have sought information from the village leaders before issuing such information, but as it is now, officials simply released what information was just told by someone, not from community leaders.
The houses, land, vehicles and so on that they own have amounted to tens of billions of rupees.
Before we get to the topic, I would like to turn back to the State Reservation Policy (SRP) of our state.
Dilshan Mann, 17, her son and Seerat Kaur Mann, 21, live with her mother in the United States.
Mawten SC has won the title by scoring the most points in the Super Division MDSA Football League 2023 with a trophy and a cash prize of T. 50 thousand rupees.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84799 out of which 83257 have recovered and 1483 have died.
Therefore, the police urge the public not to buy kulmar in case of such incidents, as these people have only one goal, that is to get money.
We have the buildings available and the works on those stadiums are almost completed (80%),” Natung told EastMojo reporters.
To know more about the incident, Prestone said the government has directed the SP to investigate the incident to find out the root cause.
Six doctors including Dr. Simon P. Khonglah, PHC, Dawki, Dr. Kordor Mukhim, PHC, Nongtalang, Dr. Arwin Khonglah, State Padu Dispensary, Dr. Blesscynora Sutnga, PHC, Jarain and Dr. Hamarbabiang Synmon, PHC, Pdengshakap.
(From Rs.70/- to Rs.150/- and so on until there are some places which have reached Rs.400/-) may be down or even less, and on that I believe we will agree because we have never heard that to be the case in recent years.
Sanbor said the decision to change the name was taken by the Greater Laban Society. The question is who are the office bearers or members of this society? and what is the authority of the Society on such matters? According to the MLA, he tried to explain to the Sengbhalang that Ardhendhu Choudry is a former MLA and a good man. “We want to explain to Bah Shanbor Pat, that the issue is not about the goodness or selfishness of man, but how to preserve our identity, and our nation does not lack good people,” said the statement.
In the final of the Under-17 Women's Category, Ïewrynghep SS beat H. Elias Memorial HSS 2-1
The KSU wishes all the students of the country who have passed their matric and class 12 results to reap the fruits of their hard work and dedication, said a statement from Lop Khonglah, President. the KSU War Cycle.
However, the surprising thing is that only people from JAINTIA HILLS have been able to become Gazetted Officers.
He said the scheme has been implemented across the country except for two states which have been suspended due to elections, Tamil Nadu and Kerala out of 36 states in the country.
The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday arrested two persons for trying to smuggle 52 gold bars worth T.4.24 crore in parts of the Indo-Indo-Border border. Bangla.
Tura bowlers Fernando Barbario M Sangma took two wickets for four runs while Lensbirth who tied 41 runs was named Player of the Match.
“We expect the best and we will have the unity of the village authorities, landowners, residents including youth and parents to demand from the KHADC to issue the NOC only for the construction of roads. .
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, there have been reports on social media that coal trucks have started passing through Mallangkona village to reach Assam.
At a meeting to discuss the issue at Orchid Resort, Mawryngkneng on Monday morning, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MDC Sohryngkham and Chairman of KHADC, expressed his satisfaction as a leader and part of the cooperation. He donated his 2 month MDC salary to help pay for the land fee.
Shillong: There have been 28 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, 21st March 2020, and so far those who are undergoing treatment in the state have there are 1,870 people.
He said that immediately after the landslide, the NHAI has taken immediate action to repair the landslide area under the Dwarksuid Bridge so that it will not endanger the people coming and going as well as the vehicles. motorcycles passing through the Dwarksuid Bridge.
Using the skills of the Cyber ​​Crime Wing of the Meghalaya Police, the SIT was able to identify one of the members of the group while investigating the emails sent by Lawei ba Phyrnai.
Police are conducting investigation and searching for others involved in the theft and also to find the batteries stolen from the Airtel Tower. register a case against them for their crimes.
“Regarding the age check, the DSO said that due to the discovery that some children bring fake certificates, the children and schools have been directed to to bring along documents proving the year of birth such as Aaadhar and others.
“Many allegations have emerged and spread that Conrad Sangma and the NPP have blocked the Garo language because the Garo language has not been included in the list of names. “It's a very wise speech,” said Prestone.
No one shall be allowed to take out pig feed or equipment from the household of pigs suspected of being infected with African Swine Fever.
According to Michael P. Kerrigan, “Sportsmen cannot be treated as commodities, sold and marketed for the personal gain of traders and officials without respect. neither shall the glory of man be respected.
Kalinga Stadium, July 10: Shillong Lajong beat Kerala Blasters FC 3-1 in their first match of the Kalinga Super Cup at the Kalinga Stadium on Saturday. Pitch 1, Bhubaneswar.
The High Court said that these rules of the state government are not sufficient to protect the rivers especially the Umïam.
“The KSU has sent a statement to the State and Central Governments to strengthen the laws against foreigners, but the surprising thing is that even inside the Infiltration Check Gate, the workers have not protested.
The drivers of the vehicle said that the loss of the vehicle has reached T.3 lakh.
The CLP leader expressed her gratitude to the Congress Chief Ministers who have led the state including Captain WA Sangma who was the first Chief Minister of the state, PA Sangma. DD Lapang, SC Marak, JD Rymbai and Dr Mukul Sangma who led the state.
Shillong, Lber 17: An unidentified driver of an Assam truck (AS-01-BC-0959) has collided with a truck (AS-01-BC-0959) at 2:30 pm today. assaulted a traffic policeman while he and two of his colleagues were driving trucks on the highway.
According to the elders of Nongstoiñ, during the time of Maieid Hoping, the people of the constituency used to donate money to meet his needs. Diosstar Jyndiang said that the people of Nongstoiñ have never forgotten what they have done for the HSPDP in the past. He said that he has collected up to T.1 lakh nine thousand tyngka from the people who have donated for him.
Those who are over 50 years old are no longer allowed because they have considered themselves old.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday expressed its surprise to learn that the Finance Adviser of the two Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) of Khasi and Jaintia Hills has been appointed by a foreigner.
In the first half, Umtyrnga FC took the lead 1-0 in the first half.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) on Tuesday appealed to the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to take action and ordered the State Government to help. provide financial support to farmers affected by natural disasters.
We are still looking at the civil society organizations, which have visited the house of this man, what they are willing to show from now on, but as it is, the law does not allow to arrest a person or to destroy his house and burn his property and this is the most successful crime in society.
“In fact, there is concern on the part of the members on many issues and as members they have the right to express them to the leaders of the party,” said Bah Mawrie.
This happened because he did not wear a life jacket while the others were wearing jackets prepared by the village.
Eborlang Dhar President, Vice President Conboyry Hinge, Secretary Comfort Thubru, Assistant Secretary Lakhon Phawa, Treasurer Phaimi Biam And 26 Executive Members.
The 28th Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) came to an end on Thursday. Peter Higher Secondary School, Pyndengrei won the first prize.
Bhalang's eyes widened as if he were crying as he looked at his parents who were leaving the house.
Meanwhile, Bah Tambor Lyngdoh said that the purpose of the meeting was to train the Khasi doctors to discuss how to improve the Khasi medicine.
When asked, he said he wants to contest for the Shillong parliamentary seat but for the Tura parliamentary seat, he leaves it to the discretion of TMC leader Dr Mukul Sangma to do whatever is necessary.
Sen said the custom duty should be increased from 12.5 per cent to 10 per cent and the GST should be increased from 10 per cent.
Through our knowledge of A and B, we have become convinced that we belong to the Monkhmer or Mongolian group and so on and we don't think it could be anything else.
He also urged all the football fans to come and enjoy the day and to enjoy the game as an encouragement to the Jubilee celebration of the party.
Police have recovered five laptops and an LCd Monitor from the suspects.
Speaking at the meeting, CM Conrad Sangma said that the demand for infrastructure for various projects in the state has increased and the government is determined to implement these projects. projects within the scheduled completion time.
Jerusalem, March 09: Among hundreds of Israelis abducted by Hamas militants on Saturday during an Israeli offensive, one is an elderly man whom Israel said survived. from the persecution of Adolf Hitler's Nazis during the Holocaust.
Father Stan Swamy was born on April 26, 1937 in Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu and entered the Church as a priest under the auspices of the Jesuits.
Up to 30 speakers who are experts in the field of tyrnai cultivation in the country from India and abroad also attended the event.
Regarding these demands of the Seng, the officer said that the department is too short of staff.
Both the teams have earned 14 points from seven games, but Amlarem have won the goal difference.
Arun Jaitley, the Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha, was defeated by former Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh of the Congress in Amritsar.
He said that as of now, the JACAC does not believe only in the statement of James K. Sangma, even though he has said that the Act has already been repealed, but the The demand of the JACAC is that if the government wants everyone to believe that it has been abolished, it should be only if the government decides in a special session in the Legislative Assembly, but to do it alone, even though he is a government minister, is not unacceptable.
Young people should be encouraged to love their home (centre of attraction).
She also requested him to provide a copy of the Inquiry Report on the investigation against Bashem Phang Thabah on the demand of the JAC. .
With this victory, Khynnah ka Lajong are top of the table with 13 points from three games.
“My government is focusing on the youth who are the largest population in the state.
Bah Samborlang said that the reason for his resignation from the AITC is to work together and not to fight with other parties.
Once again after the victory in the fourth round from Pynursla constituency, the National Vice President of the NPP, Prestone Tynsong said, “I would like to congratulate the people who have given us their trust.
This man really is the Savior of the World” John 4:42.
The government will ensure that we are not led anywhere and whatever we do should be in accordance with the law,” she said.
This place is located near the Jowai Intermediate Road or the road from Jingkieng Pamblah to Lad Nartiang, Jowai.
According to a complaint lodged at Mawlai Police Station, Amanda Lyngdoh Nonglait, sister of Steffanie, said that she received the news of the death of her brother between 8.45 pm and 10 pm. At 9:00 pm on Tuesday, the husband of Kong Steffanie reported the incident.
After a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai and leaders of various political parties, today, Sangma said that the appointment of Vaiphei, as the head of the investigation, will allow the investigation. clean and straightforward investigation.
The Khasi State Constitution was later held at Dinam Hall in
Muhammad Azam Khan has directed the police to expedite the investigation and investigation of all those involved and to arrest them in due course along with the penalties related to the offence. their.
In the fourth phase, the polling will be held on 20th January in 49 constituencies, in the sixth phase, the polling will be held on 25th January in 57 constituencies and In the ninth phase, the polling will be held on July 1 in 57 constituencies.
The Rangbah Shnong said that if the PWD stops the road, it will cause serious problems to the people, especially during the rainy season to the school children, whose road is bad in the rainy season. Many of the farmers from this village need to market their produce, such as jhur, soh and other produce. The road has been suspended for completion by the contractors. It will be a big obstacle for all the people and especially for the patients who cannot walk or stand from the village to get medicine. their care.
LP School, where besides having already served as a teacher, but although I have not yet lost my spirit, I still have that spirit to serve another service and that is to write. books relating to the true events within the Raid Iapngar, so that future generations may know their true identity.
In the boys' category, Ri-Bhoi District beat West Jaintia Hills District 1-0 and this was the most precious goal for Ri-Bhoi District. the son of Rishchem the king.
He invited all the members of the CCIB to attend the meeting and also invited the land owners to ensure the smooth running of the meeting.
“The CEC has decided to hold a daylong wearing of the flag when going to school as part of the statewide protest,” said the statement.
Although the team has been able to create three PCs, the team has not been able to score all of them to score goals in the match.
It also affects the women who are poor.
Rangmaw SC, on the other hand, scored 114 runs for the loss of four wickets in 17.2 overs.
Although the cause of the traffic jam was not known and no incident occurred along the road, the traffic jam continues for vehicles coming from Upper Shillong Road to Market and to Lumdiengjri area and Civil Hospital.
The CM also expressed his determination to improve and strengthen the work of the police department by congratulating all these new members of the department.
On this occasion, the meeting was also enriched by songs by the youth.
The team includes players from the world's leading clubs from goalkeepers, defenders, midfielders and forwards.
In this regard, the MLA expressed his gratitude to the engineers who have taken the initiative especially to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong and urged the residents of Block-1 The remaining road will start soon after the weather gets brighter and they will strive to complete it by October.
Any foreigners who enter the village must first obtain permission from the village by calling the numbers of the Waheh Shnong M Timung 8787631328/7
In fact, before sending the map, Dr Mukul Sangma should have invited the Hima Chiefs and Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the map and explain to the public whether they are right or not.
They said that although there are some buyers, the price has dropped so much that the pig farmers cannot sell anymore.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : The State Government has declared six places as 'New Epicentres' of African Swine Fever, which has now swept across the Khasi Hills and Ri-lum. Garro.
Speakers on Sunday at 10.30 am by Rev. P Nongkynrih, Rev. FM Gympad at 1.30 pm and Rev. H Sutnga at 6:30 pm.
In his speech, he also slammed the believers, especially the youth, who have been angry with these articles which have appeared in the newspaper.
Of course, there is also a lot of information we receive through social media and the internet that can mislead and even destroy our lives.
“After the NGT ban on coal mining in the state, there are many illegal coal mines in the Shallang area where factories convert coal into coal. to coke and transport these coal in heavy trucks with 14-16-18 tyres.
This year, the office of the DSO has launched a relay known as the Medley Relay which started this year in the District.
“Stupid, desperate followers create half-assed, dangerous leaders”“Followers who are stupid and stupid produce leaders who are stupid and stupid” – Tarun Tejpal says these words in his novel The Alchemy of Desire .
Assam should respect our heritage and history and not just listen to the foreigners.
A total of 456 people have been enrolled in the program.
Debraj Nag (E,Ec,Bs,Ac,En,M) of Laban Bengalee Boys' Hr.Sec.School, Shillong with 472 marks, Sanjana Singhania (E,Ec,Bs,Ac,En,M) by 465 marks, by St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, U Roshan Tiwari (E,Ae,En,Bs,Ac,Ec) by Adventist Higher Secondary School, Thadlaskein , with 459 marks, Gaurav Paul (E,En,Ec,Bs,Ac) of Nongthymmai Nepali Hr.Sec.School, Shillong with 458 marks, Sweety Paul (E,M,Bs,Ac,En,Ec) of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, with 458 marks, Vidhita Chettri (E,IP,Bs,Ac,En,Ec) of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong with 455 marks, Arifful Sheikh (E,Ec, Bs,IP,En,Ac) of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, with 453 marks, Raj Deb (H,En,Bs,Ac) of Umshyrpi College, Shillong, with 453 marks, Aman Rai (E, CS,Ec,Bs,Ac) of Nongthymmai Nepali Hr.Sec.School, Shillong, with 452 marks, Ka Avneet Kaur Tedwal (Ec,Bs,Ac,En) of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, with 451 marks, Elfie Wanniang (E,K,En,Bs,Ac,Ec) of Anderson Higher Secondary School, Upper New Nongstoin with 451 marks, Nathaniel Elizer Nongkynrih (Ec,M,Ac,En,Bs) of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School School, Shillong, with 450 marks, U Hame Datei Skhem Lawai (E,Ae,Ec,Bs,Ac,M) of St.Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, with 450 marks, Ekta Sharma (E,Ec,Bs, Ac,En) of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, scored 449 marks, while Gayatri Sapkota (IP,Bs,Ac,En,Ec) of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong scored 449 marks.
Through this, the channel also has plans to promote the channel and the game as well as to all the people of India who now use mobile phones in their homes.
This is also under the AMADC Rule 1951, which allows MDCs to exercise their functions, like MPs in Delhi and MLAs in the states.
Secretary 6 Villages.
Eight of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills: 05, Ri Bhoi: 02, West Garo Hills and East Jaintia Hills respectively.
Dr. Mukul Sangma said that if the Assam government does not accept the demands of Meghalaya, it should call for consultations and talks to resolve the border between the two states through a meeting of the Chief Ministers. two states and other departments in collaboration with all political parties.
There are now 22 languages ​​included in Article 8 of the Constitution of India.
Shillong, June 21: U Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has declined to say whether his wife, Dikanchi Shira, may be the Congress candidate for the mid-term MP elections in Tura.
The Seiñ invites all the Riew Seng members who are far away to attend the Lympung.
Meghalaya failed to reach the target and lost all wickets for 144 runs.
Shillong, July 10: The 4th Battalion Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday seized a vehicle carrying sugarcane smuggled to Bangladesh. Two Indians were arrested near Lyngkhat on the border with Bangladesh.
On the 21st of this month, the Dorbar Shnong Ladrymbai Dongwah held a Dorbar Shnong in which the office bearers and members of the Executive Committee were elected.
In fact, my father didn't agree, but I went straight to try.
At the same time, Susan Lyngdoh, Secretary, expressed her gratitude to the people of the Sengbhalang who came to help them by donating rice, lyer shet during these days. and he sat down in that place.
If India violates or refuses to grant the demand for a new state, according to the names of the ethnic groups who live and have their own customs, language, it doesn't matter at all. to recognize that India is a democratic country, in which the government is by the people for the people.
One of the family members, said that the authorities of the Civil Hospital Shillong, have allowed to take the body for the last rites of the deceased without saying anything that he was sick with COVID-1 announced that he has COVID 19, the family members and the village have learned to do what is necessary, but now that he has been buried, what good is it when many relatives and friends have taken part in the the burial of the body of this old man.
The Dolloi of Raliang District, Ma Chawas Lyngdoh, invited everyone to attend the Kopati Puja.
Therefore, these leaders in Ri Bhoi, said that this is only the beginning, but if the central government remains silent and the state government does not take action in the implementation of the ILP, they will not hesitate to come forward again. pat, no longer in the way that leads to death, but in the way that leads to death.
The meeting was held to discuss the government's decision to implement the demand of the KNGCSU to dismiss the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, Additional Superintendent of Police, Shemphang Syrti. KNGC students were injured and taken to hospital. They also demanded compensation to all the injured students, and also to withdraw the complaint. students and civil society organizations lodged a complaint with the District authorities.
We congratulate and congratulate you once again for your hard work in bringing these rights of the Khasi people before the Meghalaya Assembly.
““I have also asked the Director of the Golf Club to employ less than 30 youths of the village and to employ the children from the village where the Director has promised to employ them with salary. thousand per month.
He said that through the improvement of the system, Meghalaya has now produced 150 MW from the state's power plants in July 2021 and then sold 19.5 MW. million units, in addition to the supply to the state.
Meanwhile, in Jowai, the people have cooperated with the government to celebrate Coronavirus Awareness Day, but the market places have been covered with garbage in the market areas and there is no collection of garbage.
Because these high paid ethnic groups have different statuses, they do not allow any ethnic groups in society to participate in any meetings with them.
Tomorrow, heavy rain is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas.
“It is understood that the residents of Assam are involved in the incident at Mukroh.
Sona's remarks came at a time when Meghalaya's pending demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state has not yet been taken by the Central Government despite the Legislative Assembly. The State has approved the Resolution in
They include Donbester Syiemlieh and Carrey Nongrum.
The foundation stone was inaugurated by Bah Martle N Mukhim, MDC Mawkynrew, Dr H. Lyndem, DHS (MI), Dr A. Lyngdoh, DMHO East Khasi Hills, Bah G. Dhar, Dr. BDO Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, Dr AK Nongbri, incharge of Jongksha PHC, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, Sordar, Health Department officers and others.
Shillong: The Shillong District Jail is ready to be completed within two years and all the prisoners detained in Shillong District Jail will be transferred to the new jail. and thousands of them.
They were handed over to the police this evening, but they were ordered not to shoot or beat them, as they had already confessed what they had done.
We have met with central government officials in Delhi and we have received promises to expedite but the delay is due to the Parliament session,” said Dr Kharshiing.
Two villages in Ri Bhoi District, Nongmawlong and Nongmawlongthymmai, have been suffering from transformer failure for three months. Umsning C&RD Block, Ri Bhoi District, has been facing the problem of electricity shortage for three months.
Shillong: The FKJGP War-Jaintia Circle (FKJGP) has strongly criticized the MePDCL department for not taking immediate action to provide electricity to Pamtadong Shnong in Amlarem Sub-Division. For less than 10 years, due to the bad transformer in this village, the residents have been suffering.
In 2017, Mukul Sangma signed a contract with Renew Joule Private Limited to set up and build various power generation plants. -Earthquake, Bear and Ampati.
HANM has demanded the resignation of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvestar Kharlyngdoh.
At the same time, it was learned that after the welcoming ceremony, the election of the new Chief Executive Member of KHADC will be followed by the election of the new Chief Executive Member of KHADC. UDP MDC from Sohra Titos W Chyne was elected as DyCEM while NPP MDC from Mawshynrut was elected as DyCEM.
Appreciating the great courage, determination and courage shown by the women of various armed forces, Conrad Sangma said that women are no less than anyone else and that this program and motorcycle riding thu is one example of Nari Shakti.
You can do this by visiting our website.
The MYE Card scheme and the promise to employ 3 lakh people will be one of the solutions to unemployment in the State.
When the state started to complain about this issue, the court decided that the Legislative Assembly and the government should not take a decision on this issue.
BJP Meghalaya President Rikman G Momin on Monday said the party welcomes former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to join the party at any time.
There are people who don't have sniawsih.
The question, which is perhaps one of the most thought-provoking, is about her answer, in which she said, “I have done a lot of work in the slums in Manila, where the street workers live and the life in these in places, it is very sad and painful.
On the other hand, Bah Hamlet, the leader of the area, wants the Jhalupara Police Out Post to be moved to Umshyrpi Bridge, the central area and the area is also government property.
A prominent Muslim religious leader yesterday insulted Jahan, who is also a prominent Bengali actress, and demanded that she change her name and religion. because she has neglected Islam.
Earlier, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the Board needs to be well established as it is very important for the North East.
Shillong, July 25: Two matches of the Shillong Cricket League 2nd Division tournament held at Urkaliar Stadium today came to an end with Sportive Juniors and New Warriors winning.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that no such incident has been reported and no one has lodged a complaint against it.
We have demanded that we should get the ILP and the ILP is the law of the Central Government.
In the midst of the heat of the election campaign, it is surprising to know that the security forces have not yet seized any money, but what has been seized is about 465 liters of kyiad so far.
Meghalaya's final match of the tournament will be against Hyderabad on Tuesday.
“Another problem is that NEEPCO has a technical shortage and has reduced the supply of electricity to MeECL and this has also caused problems to the department. This is the reason why the department has to implement the power outage in the state”.
I don't want to write, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Other development projects such as road communication, agriculture, economy, employment and many other areas What has the Congress Government done? The Congress has ruled the most in India.
Experts say that man should count and appreciate the fertilizer that supports his life, forever and ever. ).7.
“I don't think the government should encourage us to stop illegal activities even after many years of violence. bor government.
The winner was awarded a cash prize of Rs 30,000 by Kong Isawanda Laloo, IAS and Director of Sports and Youth Affairs. , while Laitkor received a donation of 18,0
Ampareen Lyngdoh and two or three members of the Opposition at that time expressed their opposition by speaking in Khasi and Garo after the speech of the Governor.
“The reason is because of the lack of cows to go to Bangladesh,” said Warlarpih.
Guidelines: the guidelines are the rules that should not be followed; You are the one who shows the way.
It is worth mentioning that Assam's empowerment of the people in the border villages has affected not only the development projects allocated by the state and central governments, but also the livelihood of the people. , income and even human rights.
The KCC can play a major role in empowering women in rural areas as 70% of farmers are women and many of them find it difficult to get loans because they don't have anything. to put a bond.
Unfortunately, the Meghalaya government has not helped to develop the villages in Block-II, Raid Nongtung.
