Of course, it is not to say that those who own bikes or Marutis are condemned, but they don't know what their future is or what job they will do.
Police have completed the legal requirements and handed over the bodies to the family members.
Shillong, November 23: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will soon take a decision on the support of MDC Nongkrem Constituency Bah Lambor Malngiang to the Executive Committee led by the National People's Party (NPP). NPP) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Police have identified the man who threatened to kill Salman as a resident of Shahapur in Thane, about 70 km from Mumbai.
JUD has re-appointed Ribancy Chyrmang as Executive in the S&D Department and Goalstone has appointed Marvel in place of his father (L) Andronicos Suchiang.
Bah SK Sun who is presenting his drawings to show the engineers and the company the implementation of the GSWS Water Phase I and Phase II and Phase III which is underway at Mawphlang (above) the water tank.
The residents, especially the day labourers, should not forget that it takes months for the Government to release the financial assistance and even after the release of the money it has not reached their bank accounts. thousand worker-laborers.
Jowai, Nailur, 13: The Diocese of Jowai invites all the people of God to the consecration of Rev.Fr.Ferdinand Dkhar on the 1st March, 2023 at the Church of the Holy. Spirit Parish, West Jaintia Hills at 10:00 am.
The meeting was also attended by the General Manager of the District Industry Centre, Ri Bhoi District, H Decruse.
He said the party plans to recruit about 1 lakh members and now the number of farmers has reached more than 40,000, but that is not enough.
) to CEN-CENELEC & AFNOR from 27th July to 6th November 2022 to receive training on was organized from 27 June 2022 to 6 July
KL Nongbri has been appointed as the new DC of West Khasi Hills.
The men's category was won by Amrit Singh and Gavind Kharbuki (EKH).
The Nigerian suspects were identified as Ebuka Felixi and Chukwaka Ewere, who live outside Delhi.
“I don't want to say anything on this, maybe the Congress will know better what the intentions of its leaders are regarding Mawkynrew constituency,” he said.
The article was written by Dr Suresh Mathew in the Indian Currents magazine, a weekly newspaper published in Delhi. if Capuchins of Krist Jyoti Province of North India.
Therefore, as I have shown in the fourth chapter, we should fertilize the field, either with cow dung or with one of those fertilizers which I have shown in that chapter.
The President of the JNC-KC, Rimiki Dkhar, questioned how the department, which is one of the most important departments, has not taken action to meet the needs of the people during this time of crisis.
In these incidents, several houses have been set on fire and several people have been injured – which has prompted the state police to use and shoot with ktang. suloi and masks to disperse the crowd who have been involved in these illegal activities.
Anthony said that the difference now compared to those days is very big , because in those days just seeing the Bull walking and the Sengbhalang leaders all the Dkhar shops were closed and there was no need to close But now, as soon as the Dkhars saw that the Sengbhalang leaders were coming, they took out the money and said, 'Give me shiphew thousand to these Sengbhalang.
The Governor also said that he does not want the rules of the MRSSA to conflict with the laws of the CM.
The Eucharistic Procession began in the afternoon with the celebration of the Holy Mass by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh together with the faithful of the Catholic Church, not only from Meghalaya, but from all over the North East. .
Mairang, Nailur 05: The Moderator of the KJP Western Synod, Rev.WP Marbaniang, today launched a book written by Rev.GR Mawblei, entitled, “Life, Work , Theological Thought and Doctrine"
“We have called meetings with the meat farmers to discuss this issue,” said Dr Jyrwa.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday said it cannot accept that the road, which was repaired in June this year, has started to collapse.
Even children are afraid to blow up bombs and explosives which cause fire on the roads and this causes danger and inconvenience to other passers-by.
After the public meeting, the VPP recruited new members for Sutnga Saipung and Khliehriat constituencies.
However, during the curfew, shops were open in Polo, Laitumkhrah and Laban areas even during the curfew hours.
Finally, the Waheh Chnongs of Iooksi Saphai, also wished Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit a healthy body and also to all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep. The nation will succeed one day with the presence of God as a nation.
Rowel said that in fact MPCC President DD Lapang had already called the meeting but it failed because many government ministers were busy with the attendance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. city.
He also urged the people to celebrate this special day and to take the initiative to treat such people with disabilities like a mother who gives birth to a child. they will see that specialness in their children and love them, respect them and it is only then that they will see that the whole world will have that special respect for each other.
Mawlai Phudmuri Football Club won the 100th Anniversary of the Mawlai Sports Club by beating Mawlai Motsyiar 6-0 in the final of the Memorial Inter Dong Football Tournament at the Mini Stadium, Phudmuri on Saturday.
At the time of enactment of this Act, we urged the State Government to repeal it and it has not been implemented”.
At the same time, many of the speakers including the Syiem and Ministers expressed their gratitude to the Council under the leadership of the CEM and the Executive Committee for the initiative.
As far as I know, those who died in Wah Umiew were up to five precious souls of each family.
“We can talk about the problems you have, maybe the problems you see are just problems that need to be clarified or need to be discussed.
Marbaniang Seijlieh Ph.
The UDA led by Titostarwell Chyne, who has 20 members, has resigned from the EC led by Latiplang Kharkongor. confidence Motion) and dissolve the MDC group which is not in the UDF. Here in Ri Khasi, there are still many stupid Christians.
In the incident, one member of the KLO sustained serious injuries and was arrested by the police.
We are also grateful to the officers of the Government of Meghalaya.
SP (City) Vivek Syiem said that the case of Kentely has been registered at Madanrting PS. Nine persons have been arrested including Julius Dorphang MLA Mawhati and others.
Shillong: By continuing to monitor how to curb the spread of drug trafficking in the State and especially in East Jaintia Hills District.
HS Shylla.
It is useless to hold because the government has also allowed those who want to leave to apply.
But when they have reached a place where they have to work hard and get free, their souls will be troubled, because these are not people who are willing to work hard, and who have lived free, once. When they are no longer in their own country and nation, they have to face terrible hardships and sufferings and this is where wealth shows that it has deceived them.
It is encouraging to see that the teachers, especially the children, are struggling to do as much as they can to educate the children at such a time.
They spoke to the authorities of the Municipality and the Education Department.
He said that only about 2.5 percent of the world's water is suitable for use.
Special prizes were also awarded to Nangtei Mukhim who won the title of Top Scorer, Ledestar Tangsang who won the title of Top Scorer, Emeral Sohiong who won the Top Scorer title, Emeral Sohiong who won the title of Top Scorer. Mewanpynskmen Kshiar was named the youngest player of the tournament, and the best team was won by Syad Lyngdoh FC. K'Lyngkot 30 : Team Lionel Messi has started his preparatory campaign in Saudi Arabia but in this tournament they have lost 4-3 to Al – Hilal on Monday.
Superor Ryngkhlem scored 31' and Dame Dkhar 59' for Lumsliar.
Now let us see what it means: To improve society and to promote growth, we must improve the governance of the country.
“Teach us to know our days” Psalm 90-1
“It is important to know that NEHU, which is the Central University, may face difficulties in terms of enrolling students for the year 2026-2027,” said NEHU PRO Dr Davidson Pyngrope. you announce.
Ri-Bhoi has recorded 260 new cases today.
Meanwhile, Arsenal will start their journey to the new season with their first home game against Nottingham Forest on Saturday evening.
Mawlai is a new team in this tournament, while these three teams have participated in the past.
On the other hand, the Longkmie Gas Agency has expressed its concerns and promised to address the shortcomings faced by the residents and clarified that there is no smuggling of gas cylinders.
The Society also requests all the visitors to be aware not to pollute the environment, to avoid the spread of plastic, bottles.
Then I planted the same seeds in May when the moon was still rising but there was no rain because it had rained four or five days ago and the soil was dry enough to germinate the seeds.
Furthermore, the union urges the Rangbah Shnongs of Bri U Hynniewtrep to be thoughtful if there is any intention of the government to proceed with this registration, so that it can prevent the access. Shillong, June 24: The KSU Sahsniang Unit has expressed its regret over the overloading of the network of Airtel and Aircel, in Sahsniang area for two months now, has said that the lack of network has disrupted the work of the people, and also stolen the money of the people by spending to recharge on mobile without understand and speak.
After the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has issued many rules to be complied with by the organizers of the competitions, we will have to see whether there are still those who will come forward to hold these competitions.
Shillong, November 8: The road from Mawphlang, Mawkyrwat, Mawsynram to Balat has been badly damaged.
The gold is not gold from the ground, but it becomes gold after it is burned, shot and thrown into the shlem.
Through this programme, unique skills have been identified for all kinds of sports.
“We want to ensure that this part of the city will be pedestrian only because the whole city is filled with vehicles and there are no more places for the people to walk.
The largest importers of krai are Indonesia, Belgium, Japan, Germany, Mexico, Italy, the United States, the United Kingdom, Brazil and the Netherlands.
“He said that the State Government has the desire and desire to provide assistance to this youngster so that he can improve and develop in the field of sports in the coming days. Samborlang's goal is to become like Argentina's goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez in the future.
According to the Meghalaya MBOSE +2 results in 2020, only 12% of the students in Meghalaya have chosen the Science Stream, while 7% have chosen the Commerce Stream. About 81% of the students are in the Arts Stream.
Shillong: The North East Student Organization (NESO) today held a sit-in protest to protest against the Protest against Citizenship Amendment Bill at Additional Secretariat Parking Lot.
At the opening ceremony of the Baby League, the Chief Guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, expressed his gratitude to the Union for taking the initiative to promote sports among the children.
Speaking on the work of HMSI to instill this awareness on the need to make India collision free, Vinay Dhingra – Senior Director, HR, Admin, IT & Corporate Affairs, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India, said: says, “Road safety education is necessary for having a mindset of people towards road safety.
Shillong, Nailar, 11: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Thursday approved the Mid-Career Sponsored Courses for Government Officers to improve their service in the State.
When the village informed the Sohra Police Station, they refused to take action, as they said that there is no law to arrest these couples, who are still in love in Sohra. this is the Village.
The closing ceremony was attended by the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Superintendent of Police C.Syrti, DC West. Jaintia Hills District Bah BS Sohliya, Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, MDCs, Raij officials and others.
I believe that with your hard work and dedication one day we will see our youth on the big stages in the country and in the world,” he said.
Although there was no rainfall in Shillong, last night, there was heavy rainfall along with cold weather in parts of Shillong.
Shillong: There have been 70 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, of which 31 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 19 cases from Ribhoi District, 6 cases from East Garo Hills, 6 cases from West Garo Hills and 3 cases from West Garo Hills. South Garo Hills, 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases from South West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills.
The Chief Guest in his speech urged the students to use the tablet properly by saying that through this tablet they will get a lot of help in their studies. Shillong, March 10: The Durbar Shnong Umsning Lum-Umpih, Raid Mawbuh, Ri-Bhoi District on Tuesday distributed awards to the youth of Umsning Lum-Umpih, Raid Mawbuh District. The award is known as the Excellence Achievement Award
Pynursla, Jymmang 16: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Friday visited Pynursla Constituency led by Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah. the election of legislators and the duties of legislators after the people have elected them.
On the roads, he said he has already taken action to inform the PWD department, where there are roads which will be rebuilt soon and for the convenience of the passengers.
However, the sad thing is that the roads that didn't exist have now been destroyed.
Man was appointed to have birth and death.
Nongpoh, June 27: In an incident which has shocked the residents of Mawtneng village, Ri Bhoi District, a post electricity post has collapsed at 10 am this morning. The incident occurred near the grounds of Mawtneng Higher Secondary School, while the students were about to enter the school after the Assembly, but fortunately no one was injured in the incident.
Shillong, Iaiong 15 : Hundreds of leading office bearers of the UDP Mylliem on Friday met to elect new leaders as part of the preparations for the 2023 MLA elections from Mylliem. constituency.
Russia's defense ministry on Tuesday announced a drone strike from Ukraine at an airport in the western Russian city of Pskov.
Many speeches were delivered by the Sordar of Nonghyllam, 9 UDP leaders and UDP leaders from all over Langrin area. Rangthong, Phlang Diloin, Mawpud, Nongnah, Sarin-nongkynbah and from Upland to Border where Garo leaders from the Border areas have expressed their happiness to have a candidate who to the immediate constituency.
(viii) Unemployment is real unless we are willing to work hard and it is difficult.
This will be more interesting," he said.
He said that the exit is not just because of unemployment, it is not the way to solve the problems but it is through the path of peace to resolve the problems.
Kipchoge came in seventh place, his third defeat in such a major tournament, with 12 victories and Scott Fauble is the top American player to win. come in ninth place.
And this one has tried to enslave us, there are many young people who are addicted to games like PUPG, FREE FIRE and other forty kinds, sadly they fail even In their exams, because they didn't find anything to read, I found even my friends.
Nongpoh, Nailar 21: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has not yet announced who will contest the 2023 election from Umsning Constituency. The party has decided to contest for the party ticket in the 2023 election from Umsning Constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 15: A project to protect the drinking water supply of Shillong city from Mawphlang area has been registered and registered as a project. not the REDD +Project.
The HYC also demanded that the government should remove Arun Kumar Kembhavi from the post of Director Finance of MeECL. The appointment of Director Finance has led to the investigation.
Many of the people from different villages were surprised when they didn't even know the face and name of their candidate.
They too have decided to contest the elections in 2023 and intend to help clean up politics, which has become too corrupt in this era, through their dedicated service to the people as much as they can. of their of the borbriew.
The laws that do not allow Dkhar women to marry cannot strengthen our nation when our daughters-in-law are allowed to deceive them.
On the refusal of the EMs and CEMs to offer the post of Dy.Chairman to Bah James, he said, “It was they who invited me through one of the MDCs, not that I went myself. The CEM asks me for a letter, what shall I do with that letter and what will it mean if I don't have the intention to join them”.
When it was time to bury his body at the cemetery in Kilpauk, the neighbors protested and did not allow him to be buried in the cemetery.
We see that according to reports from time to time, Meghalaya has declined significantly in many areas whether in literacy, health and nutrition. especially of young children and of mothers with anemia.
On July 16, 2022, they sent a message that on that date there was heavy rainfall at midnight and suddenly floods covered the Maheskhola area. the whole and thus the region itself was largely destroyed.
AAP Meghalaya spokesperson Iuklit Uriah said the party intends to contest in all 60 constituencies in
Therefore, the UCC will have to comply with the protection afforded to the hill areas through the Autonomous District Councils in Articles 3(h) and 3(i) of the Sixth Schedule in relation to their legislation. on marriage and inheritance, with the protection afforded them in article 12A(b) in relation to the operation of any Act of Parliament.
However, over the years, the number of residents has increased.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, urged anyone who has been caught in the act of robbery to report to the police. and thou shalt complain against him in the neighboring countries.
Speaking to media, Dr. Murugan expressed his pleasure to visit Meghalaya and spoke about various schemes implemented under their departments.
At the same time, he congratulated the residents of Ngunraw village for building a temporary footpath for the purpose of transporting goods. “It takes about half an hour to reach Ngunraw,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
However, he said that the scheme has not gone as expected due to some rules of the Finance Ministry which has faced difficulties in getting the Umlyngka Water Supply Scheme under NIDA. He said that in Mylliem constituency besides Lawsohtun, Umlyngka is the most populous village with about 13,000 residents but the problem that the people are facing is the lack of water.
Shillong, July 20: The Commissioner of Customs (Preventive) NER Shillong, CBIC on Tuesday celebrated the International Customs Day 2023 at the Soso Tham Auditorium, State Central Library, Shillong.
At the same time, the office has advised those who have been selected for the list who have not yet received their admit card to contact the Army Recruiting Office, Shillong via email:- rohqshillong@gmail .com or to contact by phone at – 0364-2504177 for any information regarding their participation in the Rally.
The village has submitted a petition on these demands and Bah Banteidor said that the cooperation will continue as in the past years and to promote the development of the village. The constituency as a whole and these demands from the village will be looked into to implement them.
However, you should not consult with your neighbors to learn new things from them.
During this war, Adolf Hitler decreed that all Israelites should be killed and that no descendants should be left behind, killing up to 60 lakh Israelis.
The semi finals will be played home-and-away on the 10th of this month and the second round will be played on the 13th.
Walkingstar Marthong won the Senior Boy Best Athlete, Mira Lyngkhoi won the Senior Girl Best Athlete title, Junior Boy Best Athlete won the Junior Boy Best Athlete title and Teilarympei Langrin won the Junior Girl Best Athlete title.
RI-IOO STEN (NPP) – 19213.
However, turning to Ri Bhoi, Bah Mayrald urged the state government to turn its attention to the district, as at present the test of the people is sent to the Pastuer Blood Bank. The report is usually released from this sampling site, so the state government is requested to take action to direct those sites to submit the sample reports as soon as possible.
Amidst the strict police blockade of the smuggling of ammunition to the GNLA, ASAK, UALA and others in Ri-Lum Garo, it was learned that most of the ammunition has reached these areas. The militants came from Dimapur, Karbi Anglong, Kokhrajar and Imphal while the explosives came from Bangladesh, police said.
In the letter, the company said that the donation of T 50 lakh to the NPP party is also in violation of Section 182 of the Companies Act, Amit Agarwal, Director of the company.
It has been clearly seen and heard that corruption, fraud and discrimination against the poor have taken root in the society, from those in high positions to the common people.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The expenditure for the Pandal at Jail Road, Shillong has increased significantly, said Shyamal, Secretary of the Jail Road Centenary Celebrations Committee. Death.
If we cannot bring back or encourage the students to appreciate and appreciate the job creation and to stay in comfortable jobs (Government jobs), the future will be dark and I am afraid that this will happen. peaceful work will turn thieves, plunderers and total destroyers of society, a bondage to our beloved country and nation for generations to come.
The price of diesel has risen to T.65.31 per liter in Delhi and the price of diesel has risen to T.65.31 per liter due to the strong demand for crude oil from oil exporting countries. Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Therefore, U Lum-sohpetbneng will remind and encourage us not to be deceived, from what the ancients sing – 'Ka Rngiew – Ka Rwiang ki ku-long – ku-mah' which the Khasi have. I thought and understood.
Shillong, July 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jaintia Hills District today visited Lad Thalaboh Market, Jowai under the jurisdiction of JHADC. to complain to the union about the destruction of the market.
Secretary Arup Barua and Treasurer.
Mithi seeds : These mithi seeds are another variety that you can benefit from this season.
He expressed his regret that in such a situation that the residents are facing but their leader has not done anything but the people have to take responsibility to come forward for the fight against the government. their rights.
Nongstoiñ, July 19: It is the first time and proud that a private school known as NeIPS Secondary School in Upper New Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, has been arrested for allegedly killing a student. Khularis Mawlieh, daughter of Bleris Mawlieh from Mawkhmahwir village, has passed the Secondary School Leaving Certificate 2022 with 61.2% of the total marks.
The total number of voters in Khasi Hills is 6,68,398 compared to 5,30,599 in 2009.
“We have 125 households and only 20 dewbilat houses and all of them are tin houses.
However, the Officer in-Charge of Bajengdoba Police Station has continued to delay in registering the complaint on the grounds that he needs to follow the procedures and obtain permission from the State Government despite this request. it is only necessary at the time of arrest and not to register a case against her.
However, those who are under 25 years old, that is, from 0-25 years old, are still considered children.
The state government has stepped up its efforts to prevent killings and abductions by insurgents in Garo Hills.
Bah Sanbor also slammed those who did not support him in the last election which numbered about 6,000 people by saying, “I have distributed all the development schemes equally to them. “But there are still such people who didn't support me in the last election,” said Bah Sanbor Shullai. give them a reward.
Sadon said the State Government should clarify whether it has decided or how to suspend the promises to set up Entry-Exit Points.
“My figures are clear, because many of those arrested belong to Parties A, B and C, it is clear that this is a political conspiracy, a political trick. world not racism but political strategy of political parties.
The 2 and a half kilometer road from Samanong has already been tendered, the road in Ïongnoh 10 kilometers, Mupyut road 2 kilometer and 1 kilometer at Pynthor. The people of the area will be able to improve their economic growth and income.
These buses have also been equipped with CCTV, GPS to make it easier for parents to monitor and also at each authority have been deployed skilled escorts and drivers which has been done in consultation with the public. and government agencies.
She said the government needs another T.40 crore per annum to train about 7000 ASHAs in Meghalaya.
In this regard, the government will hold a meeting in Ribhoi between the Police Department, the Food and Civil Supply Department of the State Government, the district authorities and the Mazdoor Union.
In the 50th minute, Riwelson Kharsahnoh scored the equalizer and the team was encouraged and fought harder.
He said that the reason why the union has issued this demand is after receiving many complaints from the passengers, who have complained to the union about the deterioration of the road. and it is also true, because many parts of the road, have been badly damaged, where there are places where there are potholes and which has caused inconvenience to the drivers inside the road. street.
The Services Sports Control Board (SAI) has won the title of the best boxing team of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship at the SAI Indoor Hall today. victory in this final match.
Following the arrest yesterday, the Jaintia Hills Police have arrested nine mynder ri in the past two days, from parts of Jaintia Hills.
Police from Umkiang PPP have rushed to the scene to conduct a search operation, police said.
She was lynga of money and felt guilty because she too had made a mistake by loving Panah so much that he was willing to own her.
Khasi – Pnar Youth and People Stand firm to escape the bloodshed one by one.
It is to be recalled that in recent days, many media outlets have reported that there has been a demand for the resignation of James Sangma, who is also the brother of Conrad K Sangma, from the cabinet of the Union Government. MDA: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has said that there will always be allegations that the Ministry of Home Affairs or other government departments are not working properly but the government knows what to do.
Assume! Even these fellow countrymen of ours are like that and they try hard to copy the songs of others and claim that they belong to them and when the article speaks against the Ïawbei u Thawlang of Hynniewtrep The writer does not speak evil of praise or other inexplicable explanations.
“It is useless for us to go home because we don't have anything to eat, so we will stay here,” said the President of Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Schools Association, Babu Aristotle Rymbai. CS, Bah DP Wahlang today.
The Meghalaya Chess Association (M Chess Association) will hold the Shillong Chess Meet in the city starting tomorrow Friday 14th June
According to information received by Rupang, due to the lack of farmers to use the warehouse, the government has had to lease it to the private sector to use it to store other food items such as beverages and others. of.
At the same time, the KSU Mawlai Circle has clarified that the arrested persons, as admitted by the police, are members of the KSU Mawlai Circle, but they are not members of the KSU Mawlai Circle. member of the nation.
In the fourth match, Mookyndur beat Khimusniang 1-0 with the first goal scored by Patiently Lakuna in the 33rd minute.
In fact, although there are female filmmakers and directors who take part in this festival every year, this year there are more female filmmakers and directors than in previous years. Italian director Alice Rohr, Austrian Jessica Hausner and others will also attend the festival.
Nongpoh, Nailar 31: Regarding the allegation that some families do not receive ration just because they don't have Aadhar Card, the Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RIOO) today visited the The Inspector of Food Civil Supply, Ri Bhoi, Kong B.Khongwir to clarify the allegation that there are those households who do not receive ration just because they do not have Aadhar card.
“We have lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC that as women who have to carry the burden of shon at home because if we Khasi put jhur in the market we will be expelled while foreigners take the goods abroad. " she said.
Today alone, 333 cases have been reported in India, 12 people have died, while 159 people have recovered from the disease.
At the same time, the union said that it will continue to monitor this issue and if such incidents continue, the union will take other stronger measures.
In his speech, the Minister informed about the measures taken by the state government to provide drinking water to the residents of the state.
On Thursday, 121 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 2 people died, bringing the death toll to 1415 in the state.
Sources said, the mob attacked the police station and a vehicle in protest against an alleged firing by police on a mentally ill person who was identified as Ahidul Islam (35), who ran away after snatching an INSAS rifle from a police constable.
The party will also launch the Agri-Infrastructure Mission at a cost of Rs 500 crore and the Meghalaya White Revolution at a cost of Rs 250 crore to make Meghalaya self-sufficient in milk since 6000 tyngka to the farmers under the Fisherman Income Support Scheme.
It is on this point that Jesus said, “Those who worship God must worship in spirit and truth” (John 4:24).
Secretary Mr. Poilangson Thawmuit.
We went to meet the CEM but he said we came late because all the schemes have already been sent,” said Bah Teinwel.
Chanlang Pde, Samum Pde, Emhi Pde and Lakhon Dkhar who have helped the KKCNC with the Kynthiar Seal were also honoured. Waheh Village of Chilliangraij.
“This has touched me and I want to stand forward from this constituency and contest as an independent candidate to improve the health sector in the state,” he added.
Tanisha Das of Don Bosco College, Tura came second with 451 marks and Salseng Marak of Don Bosco College, Tura came third with 450 marks.
The Rangbah Shnongs and four organizations also warned against any groups and individuals who try to disrupt the movement of the people on the day called by the HNPF, saying that The Union of Rangbah Shnongs and the four organizations have announced that there will be no curfew. village.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that the preparations have been successful and 95 percent of the 100 percent has been completed. The Monolith Festival will be held in a smooth manner.
There are about 7000 ASHAs in the state and more than 300 ASHAs have arrived on the first day of the strike.
According to sources, the truck registration number ML 10 C 1696 was on its way to Nongjri village to unload mawit. injury or traumatic event.
However, the Minister is not responsible.
When asked about the cultivation and marketing of cashews in the area, Momin said that the cashews in the area are good and he spoke about MNREGA and self-help groups. used to encourage cashew production.
The country does not want the party that was in power before 2014 to return to power.
He said Meghalaya has a long border with Bangladesh, which is easy for foreigners to enter.
She also found that Government schools in Delhi have Digital Classrooms, CCTV in every classroom, Laptop and Library in every classroom.
“We strongly demand that the MDA Government should immediately investigate and punish the people involved.
“If all those in the MDA government resign, who will rule, what is the other way?” asked Paul.
Kharaswai said the state government should take over the EMRI 108 because the funding is now 100% from the state government and when the government understands the need for these EMRI 108 why? you can't accept it.
However, Nangbah Mulang struggled to turn the tide and it was in the 28th minute of the first half that Wollrick Susngi turned the tide in the 28th minute. the 28
It is not necessary to worry too much as there are still many areas that still need more assistance from the Central Government.
He said that to make Meghalaya the cleanest state requires the cooperation of all.
According to the complaint, Sunida Bareh alleged that on 16th June, 2023, she received an SMS from Aibormi Rymbai from a mobile phone number He said that they intend to take his life and take strong action if he dares to go to Rymbai.
Shillong: Bangladeshis have attacked Amdoh village in West Jaintia Hills district.
The revival of this issue will be a major concern for the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and his team.
“We have been threatened, we have been attacked, but we have not hesitated to stand on the ground of not allowing uranium mining at all,” he said.
Stay at home, go hunt or go thep.
This came after police were able to foil the plot of the group to detonate IED bombs in Shillong and Nongpoh.
Jajeng Marak Unarmed Battalion Constable (UBC) was arrested by the Assam Police on Saturday near Agia. They were handed over to the North Garo Hills Police Station in Goalpara this evening.
These songs are placed in the shed until they are dry, then they are gathered together inside the house.
Speaking at the meeting, Nehlang Lyngdoh said that during his tenure as MLA, he had constructed 108 kilometers of road from Ladrymbai to Borghat which is 48 kilometers from Borghat to Sonapur. kilo meters and from Malidor to Sohshrieh to 94 kilo meters. Not only that, he also provided assistance with tins of clothes to the people of the constituency. Because now there are more and more schemes for the benefit of the people.
This training by the college is part of the efforts to help the students to prepare for the examination so that they can continue their studies at the Master Degree level at NEHU and other institutions.
Ledaroi Laloo won the Usha NIFT 'Best Garment Construction Award 2024' award in the presence of Ms Jesmina Zeliang, Founder – Heirloom Naga & Cane Concept. Ms Tanu Kashyap, I.A.S, Director General,  xxxx, Dean (academics) NIFT, and Mr Shankar Kumar Jha, Director NIFT Shillong.
According to D. Jemino, it is interesting to know that Nongrah village has been proposed to be included in Phase-IV of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme.
For AAY rice, 35 kilos will be distributed to each household, PHH rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per head free of charge, while Non rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per head. -NFSA shall be distributed at a price not exceeding Rs.14.00 per kilo.
This is the true system of democracy that has been established since ancient times.
They said that they had already met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri and Bah AL Hek when he was Minister of Health earlier but this has not happened at all.
While in the state they sit in the opposition because they are on the same ground.
They said that they have already requested information through RTI from the Dorbar Shnong to announce publicly the agreement signed on the 12th of November but the Rangbah Shnong Bnes Lingdar Lyngdoh has not done so. I haven't answered until now.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Leader Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday said it is sad to see the NPP leaders not understanding the danger of Presidential Rule. in the state and perhaps this is because these NPP leaders have not been in politics for a long time.
The Director AH & Veterinary Meghalaya, Dr KB Sahkhar said that West Jaintia Hills is lagging behind in the number of people to raise livestock including cows and pigs.
He said the damage to 157 houses in the village has reached 118 out of which 118 houses have lost their food items due to the rain.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 20: Tomorrow is the time for the people of Nongstoin Constituency, to come out to elect the Nongmihkhmat who will lead the constituency, in the vacant seat after the election. Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh, has passed away without being able to finish more than two years.
In the past few months, the Assam Police have arrested many government employees involved in corruption and demanding activities. money from the public who go out to work for their necessary jobs.
He added that the inability of the Dewbilat Company to pay the amount has affected the operation of Megha-Goods Gargos especially in terms of payment to the drivers. with hundreds of people.
First, let us look at the meaning of the word Rangbah.
They include Sis Ram Ola and Oscar Fernandes, who have returned to the Cabinet.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: Leaders of the JNU President N Shadap, Secretary and a member of the JNU on Saturday escaped from the hands of the mob. This morning I went to Nartiang village.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday directed the government authorities to ensure that the Shillong-Dawki road should be completed without delay. the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 17: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that while the government has not dropped all the charges against its leaders or signed the social ceasefire agreement, the Chairman or General of the ceasefire agreement has not been signed. Secretary of the HNLC will not be able to take part in the talks.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh General Secretary HYC West Khasi Hills. The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnongs, parents and the public.
He also directed the public to strictly observe the COVID-19 quarantine rules and other precautionary measures.
In many respects, Bangladesh has grown faster than India, Momen said.
She said that although they receive 25 kilos of ration per month, but due to the large number of children, the ration cannot be filled for 10 months.
It is not easy for the Dorbar Shnongs to take care of everything.
In the past, the minorities felt proud and happy that they were Indians and that they were in India, which was rich in democracy.
He said that the Khasi and Jaintia ethnic groups have a population of more than 14 lakh, while the Garo ethnic groups have a population of more than 8 lakh and the Khasi and Jaintia ethnic groups have a population of more than 6 lakh.
Leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) have expressed their dissatisfaction and refused to accept the blueprint that the Government has already sent to them, on the eviction of them from Mawlong Market.
Meanwhile, MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh announced that the Congress will continue to oppose the CAA, the second to implement the MRSSA and the third to implement the MRSSA. the ILP, the fourth to resolve the border with Assam and the fourth to include all areas in the schedule area in the state.
Pyndengrei SCSC are currently at the top of the Super Division points table for the 2023-24 NDSA Premier League Football Tournament.
The president of the KSU has warned that the KSU will not allow those who try to violate the trading license of the enforcement officers of KHADC. “To prevent the issuance of trading license by KHADC against foreigners who sell illegal goods,” said Bah Khyriem.
The committee also found in its investigation that some coal traders are increasing and decreasing the amount of coal in their depots.
According to sources, some of the Khasi elders and Longkmie who live in the area said that these people are the ones who used to do such things. From time to time, even they have refused to publish any bad news, because they don't want to cause trouble in the villages in the area. , especially which is a border village and where there is a lot of trouble from time to time.
People infected with the H3N2 virus often complain of shortness of breath and shortness of breath, which leads to their death in many cases.
In the fourth minute, Mookyrdup beat Luti Tuber Ialong 5-2. Nicky Boy Swer scored the goals in the 9th & 28th minutes and Famous Plain in the 20th minute. Dennis Passah in the 45th minute and Nidaiar Kamar in the 64th minute.
He said that the SP has promised to take action on this issue as it is necessary to provide the necessary documents especially the license so that there will be no problems in the future.
Goyal also wondered why the political parties are afraid of the hearing because the hearing is not the last time to take a decision. to the villages before taking to make a decision.
He said that Prof. Shukla's call for the meeting of the Academic Council came after the final report of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising NEHUTA, NEHUNSA, MCTA, METTA-NEHU and NEHUSU. and other affiliated groups will end tomorrow Thursday.
It is not known what will happen after the elections but many people are expecting after the polling day on the 13th of this month.
He said that the party has suggested that the government should build a bridge from Nongthymmai to Patarim to Umsning which is opposite the road to Mawhati so that the people who come and go through this road can easily pass through this road. to the street.
How many of them understand the meaning of corruption whether in the state or even in the country? This is the word that the people from time to time talk about corruption whether in the villages, districts or even in the state or the country, but most of the talk has been just They don't understand the true meaning of corruption.
It is true that there are these tribes but they are those who have just settled in the Nongphlang area and have become the owners of the village.
The My Hero Campaign under the YESS Meghalaya Scheme will help the youth to take advantage of this opportunity to continue to become leaders in various fields whether in education, health, environment and spirit of struggle for justice.
“I have been told that MeECL has owed up to T.650 crore to NEEPCO,” said the Nongthymmai MLA.
Meanwhile, 51 persons were rescued and rushed to various hospitals in the city.
He said that they were chosen to be leaders, remember that they came to the altar to be preachers, they were chosen to preach, to proclaim the message of salvation.
Although its neighboring Countries are larger and more populous and try to attack Israel many times they are always defeated and the main reason is that Israel's trade is strong.
Ratan also said that he has two friends from Assam.
Coffins from the Tourism Department, the Deputy Commissioner's Office, DCIC-East Khasi Hills, the Superintendent of Fisheries, the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society, the District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, District Horticulture, DFO, Social Forestry, NCC, Divisional Soil and Water Conservation and District Election Officer.
Finally Peter decided to go and pray to God how God would answer his prayer.
This was approved by the Cabinet today.
If you send a speaker, he will speak without hesitation.
According to British sources, the British government has confirmed the invitation sent to the Saudi leader, but the Saudi leader has not yet responded. eiei in connection with this invitation.
“What I can do, I will do whatever is necessary,” said James.
However, that help comes to the death of their children.
Kennedy said it is surprising that Lamphrang Blah has left the Congress party even after four times the Congress party has elected him without any consultation with the party.
The existence of a trading post in Dawki and the production of this mineral from Nongtalang District is a blessing to the residents of this area to get jobs and earn money from the drivers and vendors. to the farmers and others and even the state government and the district council also receive revenue from this mineral resource.
On the other hand, he said that he has never received any complaint from the people and if there is any complaint, it should go through the Church Committee.
Others don't have anything else because the festival is over.
Because this Nongbaw is located in the area, it is protected from the falls of the mountains and the earthquakes.
But in old age and sickness – He said that there is a God and that all things belong to God and from God.
Although this Bill is still incomplete, we need to monitor and enact legislation for the protection and promotion of ASHAs. stand and fight together with ASHAs for their rights.
The Governor's remarks came after a KSU member was beaten to death by robbers in Ishamati, which has also brought incidents to Shillong and other places.
Mallah, who leads the Ratabari constituency in Karimganj district of Barak Valley, won unopposed for the seat of Speaker of the Children's Assembly of the Assam Legislative Assembly on 26th November
“Looking at Meghalaya and its situation, we are happy to say that we need both District Councils and also the ILP or we can say that we need the Stieh and the sword to defend the country.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Samla George Sunn promised that he and his father will continue to monitor the improvement of the football ground at Ladmawreng Umpomtih so that it will benefit the people. youngsters who want to showcase their talents on the football field.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, has strongly warned the RR Colony Welfare Society that it has no authority to issue No Objection Certificate (NOC) or Residential Certificate to non-residents. Khasi who live in this area.
The traffic jam has disrupted traffic in Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and parts of Manipur as well as Meghalaya.
For example, being able to sit on the same bench with the same friends at school every year brings a sense of happiness and ownership of the school and the classroom.
In Mizoram, too, these trees have been planted and the soil has been destroyed and there is no company to buy those trees.
It can be said that the Sadhu is aware of their presence because they are workers, cleaners and garbage collectors from the villages under the Shillong Municipality, including Mawkhar, Laban and others.
“The village headmen cannot misuse their powers if the district councils have passed a law to look into their wrongdoing,” said Bah Lanong.
Telangana scored the third goal through Alige Sushanthika in the 79th minute but Meghalaya, who had already scored two goals, scored two more goals through Dakani ( 84) and Balabet Khongsit (87).
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84804 out of which 83268 have recovered and 1484 have died.
Shillong, November 10: A Maruti Van (ML-05G-8610) driven by Bah Riewehbok Hynniewta (23) has caught fire at 101 Area, Upper Shillong this morning.
The two drivers were identified as Damehipaia Papeng, a taxi driver from Jowai to Ladrymbai, and Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, a Jowai-Shillong driver.
The Dorbar Shnong Erpakon has taken this decision to expel the foreigners after the murder of Bah Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait. Blei) from Erpakon, who was killed by one of the foreigners and works at the RN Sharma Dhaba in Erpakon.
Working as a doctor is my passion until I die.
Shillong: Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) today announced that the price of its Iconic Hilux will be one nation one price. is Rs.33,99,000/- (price from the dealership for 4*4 MT Standard).
Before meeting with Sonia Gandhi, Lapang also met with the Secretary In Charge of the AICC in the state and Lok Sabha MP Vincent Pala.
The killing of these soldiers on the 12th of June has raised many questions regarding the implementation of security in the state, especially since the suspected incidents. There has been a search for Sikh preacher Amritpal Singh who has escaped from the police and strong opposition to his organization Waris Punjab Se.
He said that the purpose of Behdieñkhlam as it is known is to eradicate the disease and this time the celebration coincides with the lyngkhuh anniversary of the 50th anniversary of the state and the 75th anniversary of independence.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday spoke on the recognition of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the MRSSA. , stressing about the topic and the ongoing debate.
In order to bring peace and order in the society, the Seng Khihlang urged the government to punish those involved in this incident according to the law.
Isn't this the mistake of the rulers because of the corruption they have destroyed the rule of Khadar because God doesn't want such a rule of Khadar to exist in this country of ours.
India was ruled by wild donkeys from 712 AD and for more than 1000 years they ruled India until the arrival of the French.
That day at the beginning of the 1,000 years is called the second coming of Jesus.
She said that as the matter is in the hands of the Court, the Commission cannot interfere but will do its duty in this regard.
The resurrection is the work of God's own hands, “And in thy hand is power and might; and in thy hand is power and might; .
Paswan has not been in good health for the past several months.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Gee Mawlong said that the party has found with its own eyes that there are indeed people who use this nar dung in their hands or in their hands. Drugs.
On this occasion, the Minister distributed Rs 7.93 lakh under the FOCUS+ Farmers' Welfare Program to 793 farmers.
After the meeting with the EE of PWD (Roads), the Working President of FKJGP, Bah Kenes L.Nonglait, while speaking to media, said that this visit of the FKJGP was after the There is a complaint from many of the residents who come to this office of PWD (Roads) Mawkyrwat Division or even from the complaints of fellow employees due to the absence of Head Assistant or Bara-babu. many works have been completely destroyed.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie said that he is pleased with the school in passing 100 percent in Matric and Class XII. I congratulate the teachers who have worked hard and passed well,” said Bah PT Sawkmie and added, “Even in the midst of the pandemic in the past two years, the school has passed a hundred from a hundred.
Adilbert said that one of the problems expressed by the residents is the harassment of the jhur vendors where they have been cut off many kilos of jhur just because they don't count the weight of the plastic bags. thep corn.
She won a gold medal in the 100m category and a bronze medal each in the shot-put and discuss throw in the 90-94 age category.
When Mizo friends say “Mizoram is ZPM, Meghalaya is VPP” which in Khasi means “Mizoram is ZPM, Meghalaya is VPP”.
Recalling, on 18th July 1943, in a speech on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Mahadeo Govind Ranade, Babasaheb said: “Society when faced with difficulties must find new ways.
The incident happened at 6 pm at Sngithiang Lower Mawprem.
He was welcomed by UDP MLA Renikton L Tongkhar and others at the meeting in the evening.
In a statement to the media, the Convener of SOMALA, Bah W Anthony, said that the non-implementation of this Act is the root cause of the violence whether it is in Mukroh or Langpih.
There are also farmers who after the government announced that it will implement a mission to cultivate a plant known as “Jatropha” and from its seeds can be made diesel and petrol.
Vidyapeeth Centers are located across the country and provide quality courses that teach the various subjects that students need to study for JEE/NEET, and Physics Wallah is usually able to provide a good resolution.
They said that Agnes had lodged a complaint against the Rangbah Shnong for the felling of trees by the land owners on their land.
The incident of the Ex.General Secretary of the HNLC shows that the market is more precious than the human soul.
Of course, the song and dance of Jerusalem is famous, but it is not a new song.
Conrad said that while they are studying the bill to understand the details, if it affects Meghalaya, Conrad will take the matter to the Central Government.
He said that clean governance is the first goal of the VPP, not only that but only unity can be the tool that can strengthen the nation.
In the final match of the Under-17 category, North Liberty H/S School beat Kiang Nangbah H/S School 2-0
Many have become selfish and no longer respect their parents.
Even Home Minister Amit Shah has accused this government of being the most corrupt in India.
On Thursday, 44 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 21 people have recovered and no one has died.
Shillong: Justice AK Mittal was sworn in as Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court by the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy.
To do this, it is necessary to improve and deploy adequate health care providers along with equipment and medicines in all places for the convenience of mothers and children.
Therefore, we urge the MPDCL to take action to provide electricity to all the districts and at the same time they urged them to give advance notice to the people if they intend to turn off the power supply. The union of four organizations including the RBSU, FRBP, RBPM and RBPUO has threatened to hold a public meeting if the power outages do not stop.
Let us remember.
The recognition of universities will pave the way for recognized institutions as Research-Intensive Universities or Teaching-Intensive Universities and Autonomous Degree-Granting Colleges.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 2 : As part of the Pan India Awareness and Outreach Campaign, the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) on the 1st of this month conducted an explanation on the rules and regulations of the country. inside the District Prison & Correctional Home, Jowai.
Shillong, November 13: The counting of votes for the mid-term MDC elections in seven constituencies including six in KHADC and one in JHADC, has gone smoothly today. electronic machines (EVMs).
By doing so, the Khasi Pnars will lose the ability to cultivate these fields and it will be a great loss.
However, many of these arguments do not come from people with a conscience and understanding.
God no longer commanded the Israelites to build the Temple.
The blood of Jesus is a wonderful and powerful blood.
The AHAM Central Body under the leadership of its President, George Prince Momin, on Tuesday said that the AHAM Central Body (MSWWDA) has not respected the recruitment process after only one Garo youth was selected. for the post of Field Engineer out of 16 vacancies.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that after the completion of this agreement, another work will start.
Furthermore, there are many other accounts of how our ancestors led us here when the British army left Gurdaspur and Amritsar districts of Punjab.
It is clear that if the Congress does not give ticket to Pala, John Kharshiing, OL Nongtdu and Charles Pyngrope may contest the upcoming MP election.
After that, police immediately conducted a search operation at Lad Rymbai NH-06 and at 3 pm they seized the vehicle.
Under no circumstances should the trairis believe or be deceived by the propaganda of the Central Government.
Matthew 23:1-7.
He added that this attitude is wrong and unfounded and he sees that this will lead to the decline of the State if many have this attitude.
This has affected the publishers especially the small booksellers in the village or rural shops.
“Rida Rida, you're here.
“As we all know that the problems in MeECL are inherited, the Congress party should take responsibility for creating these problems and you are in MeECL"
On the occasion, the Sein Raij took the Deingkhlam to bring the Deingkhlam to the aitnar. After this, there was a meeting of the Rong (Rot) at Madan Slot Masi. All 13 Rots were taken to the Biar (Aitnar) River with the joy of shooting and the tied of bombs, Bhuri, moreover these Rots have their own messages to the public from the security forces. the environment, the abstinence from alcoholic beverages, agriculture and others.
The night was thickening, the clock rushing towards eleven o'clock.
In the incident, an elderly man was seriously injured when he tried to extinguish the fire, which suddenly broke out inside the shop.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that a study is underway to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
Guwahati: The Government of India, through the Ministry of Tourism, has approved the operation of ferries on the Brahmaputra River in Guwahati. and then to the Umiam River in Shillong.
“We have set a goal to completely end this evil that aims to destroy and destroy the country and the nation,” he said.
IV/2023/151 dated 7th November, 2023 and Order No: EJHD/GENL.261/COKE/Pt.
There is one city in India, Shillong, whose name is in Section 1 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, where the code does not apply at all in some cases. The CrPC does not work in all parts of Meghalaya because of the Sixth Schedule.
He said that after talks with the Agriculture Minister, up to 650 kg of seed rice has been distributed free of charge. The remaining seed rice is still up to 450 kg.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of HITO, Bah Donboklang Dkhar, said that the government has already collected revenue from the people but the people have to walk on the roads. .
“The residents of Langpih and other villages bordering Assam are still waiting for many development works through Meghalaya,” said the MLA. Many government departments of West Khasi Hills District including PHE, Soil, Fishery, Agri, BDO and others have cooperated for the development of the area.
Pride often comes from a selfish heart, which is the sin of Lucifer Satan, which does not humble itself, which does not think of tomorrow and the future.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Giri Prasad M, IPS in a statement said that the seizure came after the police on that day conducted a search operation in the area. Ratacherra Infil Check Post after at about 10 pm they stopped a Night Super Bus MTC bearing registration number ML-03-0216 for the purpose of conducting a search.
He said that the petrol pumps have already collected tax from the people at the time of filling petrol and if they do not collect the tax to the government it is illegal and the proposal to resolve it is impossible. “It is the money collected from the people,” he said.
The Lama of the 5th Zonal Youth Convention was inaugurated by Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh in the presence of Fr. , President SACYM Zone VI and other church leaders and youth of the Catholic Church.
Nongstoiñ, June 21: The unfounded dismissal of a teacher of Tynghor Government Lower Primary School from 2020, has prompted the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Rimuliang Circle, to come forward to demand that the government The teacher should be sent to the school immediately as it has affected the children.
At the end of the first half, Oscar scored from 30-yards on his free-kick and managed to score the first goal of the half. They scored the first goal of the match to win the match.
The Governor delivered his speech in the State Budget Session for the year 2024-25 in the House today.
On the other hand, the MBBA will hold the 44th State Body Building and Yoga Championship on the 13th of this month at the Aurobindo Institute of Indian Culture, Bivar Road, Shillong.
“We have been farming until these days like a market without knowing the price of our products. If the market is good, we are happy but if it is bad, it is over,” said a farmer from Tangmang. Nebel Singh Pariat while speaking at the meeting of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) in Pynursla today.
“The deceased was a COVID-19 patient, was also suffering from diabetes and had high blood pressure,” said a source from the Civil Hospital Shillong.
U Bah Paul said that the selection of the candidates will be after careful consideration of the application forms according to the rules laid down by the KHADC. To ensure the movement of people, the vendors who sell food should be clean and transparent and the trade should be trade legal.
“I understand that Bah Ardent is more difficult than me who comes in a wheelchair when he is hungry because he is fighting for the future,” he said.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday withdrew from peace talks with the state government and the central government.
Scholar : I was called Stadtihsani because I didn't have a scholarship.
This implementation plan is part of the market support where the prices of agricultural products are kept lower than the MSP which has created problems for the farmers.
The NPP has won 26 MLAs in the elections and has now increased to 28 MLAs with the full merger of two PDF MLAs on 6th June,
Kitbok Nongphlang was summoned to appear before Sadar Police Station at 10 pm while Khrawkupar Nongsiej was summoned to appear at 2 pm.
“Out of the allocation of T.43 crore, the government has released T.5.4 crore for the first time and the rest will be released after the work is completed,” said a government official. Everyone.
After finding out that there are many shortcomings, the union leaders went to meet the Sub Divisional Officer of PWD at his office in Riangdo, where they also handed over a letter requesting him. officer to take action in ordering the contractor to provide the work according to the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
It is to be recalled that the State Government has announced that students of Class 9-12 will be allowed from the 21st to attend training and training to get clarification on the problems they face in any subject.
Shillong, June 21: The National Green Tribunal (NG) has ordered the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya and the Director General of Police, Meghalaya to ban the illegal mining of coal in the state. It is also used in Jaintia Hills and in many coal mines in West Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, said that after receiving a tip that a Santro vehicle was heading towards Khliehriat, a search operation was conducted at Umtyra and the vehicle was seized. TR04 A 0254 and there were four people inside the vehicle.
However, if we look at the state of marriage today, it seems that we have followed the customs of those who say that marriage between one man and one woman is an old belief created by the religious leaders because they don’t want to please themselves.
It may be recalled that in the past years, in the same area, criminals have thrown stones at police vehicles patrolling in this area.
Shillong: This morning, the people of the state have been shocked after news spread through social media that one person has been confirmed positive for Corona virus at the Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health (NHIM) North Eastern Hospital. and Medical Science (NEIGRIHMS).
Atiq Ahmed's family has been under surveillance and surveillance by the Uttar Pradesh police for the past 10 years.
The celebration of the Environment Day in the village was made more interesting by the football team of the Institution of Engineers which included Engineers, SDOs and staff. of the Institution, came to play a friendly against the Mawlieh Sport Club.
The Seng expresses its deep sorrow and sympathy when it hears or sees these incidents in the village and also to the family who has suffered such an incident.
The Commission has directed the Deputy Superintendent of District Jail and Correctional Home Jowai to temporarily convert the Hall of Vocational Training into accommodation for the prisoners for the purpose of improving the accommodation.
The HSPDP Mawthadraishan Circle on Tuesday held a public meeting of the four zones at Nongshillong Square, Eastern West Khasi Hills District. Hills District to strengthen the party and to get a public explanation from the President of the HSPDP Mawthadraishan who is the candidate for the 2023 elections. Thousands of people from different villages of this constituency.
The party also urged the people to beware of the government agents who have started misleading the people.
In a statement, the union said that the coal trucks have been driving on the road as if it is their only road until it has caused traffic jam on the roads.
According to Khalija Munda, the sister of Bah Robin, who is taking care of him, she said that Bah Robin Munda had a head injury. The family last saw him near the main road of Pahamsyiem village but did not think that he would disappear that day.
Boy’s HSS, Jowai 82.8 % Banshan Tariang, Class XII, CBSE, JNV Mukhla 82.4% Narius Gashnga, HSSLC (Science), Shillong College Higher Secondary Education, Shillong – 70.4 %.
S Lawriniang, said that when the storm came, she took her mobile to light the fire because it was dark to look after her four children but she was taken to the road by the storm. She didn't know anyone anymore and it was when she was surprised that she saw that her children had been covered with a tree and the dead child had been carried upstairs.
Dr Mishra, who is also the Governor of Arunachal Pradesh, has taken over as the Governor of Meghalaya in place of Satya Pal Malik, whose term expired today.
Nongpoh, Nailar 27: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today awarded prizes to 29 students from Ri Bhoi District who passed the examination. SSLC and HSSLC examination 2021-2
He said that the thieves do not forgive even the plastic bottles collected by the robbers to sell for their own livelihood.
He said that if there is too much violence, and if the police are allowed to shoot, there will be loss of lives and later, there will be no peace and there will be great sorrow.
On the allocation of only two ministerial posts to the UDP, he said that this is the decision and arrangement of the Prime Minister and this decision was taken after the consultation of the UDP. Conrad K Sangma, on 7th October, was sworn in as the Chief Minister for the second time.
The Commissioner and Secretary said that according to the complaint, Saket Gokhale's remarks have also led to a prosecution under Section 505 of the Indian Penal Code which deals with misleading the public.
Wellessly Lyngkhoi said that any foreigner who does not have proper documents, the party will have to deport them, because this has caused great damage to the region in many ways and they are not allowed. to visit any part of the District without being able to provide the necessary documents.
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Central Body, in a statement today, expressed its strong opposition to the construction of a Muslim mosque in Jowai.
Bindo M Lanong, one of the most prominent political leaders in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), said that the electronic voting machines (EVMs) This may be one of the reasons why he lost the recent MLA elections.
The meeting was conducted by Dr P.Lyngkhoi, President of the Group, and the names of the office bearers were announced by Bah Tonington Tyrsa, General Secretary.
This was stated by the Maulana, as thousands of people attended the service at Nizamuddin Markaz in the Tablighi Jamaat.
I left my house early to go to the office.
J&K can become like Assam where the indigenous people become rich in their own land.
Dear friend, have you ever wondered, what sin did the rich man commit that prevented him from going to heaven? Did he kill anyone? Did you climb? Did he steal? Did you break the Law? He lied? He shook town? The answer is – No, if he had committed either of these sins, the Bible should have told us.
The lack of toilets in every household is another major problem as the people have to carry more and more water to use in the toilets.
The women's semi-final will be between Coterie vs Juguars, United 12 vs Eastern Pirates and the men's semi-final will be between Tyllilang Basketball Academy vs Touchline Basketball Academy and Aeronation vs RLSSCO. The Byrnihat Sports Association (BSA) has announced that it will soon launch a tournament to promote the talents of the youth in the field of football. The 5th BSA Football Tournament 2019 will be held at Byrnihat Stadium.
“We don't want to pass a law in Madan Polo or Motphran, but we will pass a law in the Assembly,” he said.
This is just to help inform, to inform the public, I don't want to go to the fields of others, lest I be deceived.
Akhilesh Chauhan, 50, who was abducted on the morning of October 20, has not been received yet, police said.
“Don't you know why you're like this?
Because the Khasi believe that there is a simpah, a simsong, a sing karo, a 'ïarkhiar, the son of the gods to lead the way, not those beliefs of the Hindus.
The JSU-Syndai led by its President Pynshailang Suliang and General Secretary Heiplanmiki Tariang, have submitted a petition to the District Chief Minister.
Therefore, as we have been given that authority, let us use it properly.
Welcoming the participants, Aprajita Saini, Manager, Startup India, thanked PRIME Meghalaya and the state government for all their support in organizing this event. program with six fruits.
The Youngsters Football Club of South West Khasi Hills won the title on the closing day of the 25th Silver Jubilee of the Nongjyllieh Youth Sports Organization (1998-2023) on Tuesday. You are God.
He also announced that he is ready to contest the MDC election after meeting with the party leaders.
Phyrnai's love for cycling has been evident since she was a child when she was riding a tricycle and from there she has grown into the sport.
“This is like giving loans to the farmers because they pay for the seeds of those crops they plant, the banks that give loans are slow when they give loans. so, what will happen if that investment is no longer available" he said.
Putin claimed that the 10 Russian soldiers captured had entered Ukraine by mistake.
The Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem on Tuesday said that the Border Committee led by the Council is in talks with the Regional Committee for the purpose of peace talks. and the border of Assam.
However, the award was presented on 23rd November 2023 in Chennai by the Governor of Tamil Nadu RN Ravi Governor at Raj Bhavan, Chennai in the presence of the Founder and Trustees of the Bhagwan Mahaveer Foundation.
He said he has been talking and meeting with the PWD Minister and the government from time to time to take care of the roads in West Khasi Hills but nothing has happened so far.
NEEPCO Chairman and Managing Director PC Pankaj said the corporation wants the Meghalaya government to pay the remaining debt of T.379 crore, not just T.30 crore.
Gladdy Kharbuli scored the third goal in the 24th minute.
He ended his career a year before his contract with Como in Serie-B in Italy expired.
The word Myllung, although the meaning is a strong syllable, but in Khasi literature it has been widely accepted and means that it refers to the writer as in English it is called 'Poetry' or 'Poem' '.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Chief Judicial Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has ordered an inquiry into the implementation of the Saubhagya scheme due to the opposition and demands of the BJP. Three persons, who were accused of raping a 13-year-old child, have been sentenced to 5 years in prison.
The Governor also urged the youth to inculcate the attitude and dedication of this great man in life.
The KJCLF together with other Christian religious groups in the country, strongly condemns this discrimination and requests the state government to take responsibility to punish those who committed the crime. to protect the lives and rights of the residents.
Kong C.Rynjah Br P IE SSA, Amlarem Block, in her speech on the occasion, gave her words of encouragement and encouraged the children with disabilities to come to the school or the Resource Centre. at the office of UBMC Amlarem Block and urged the parents of these children especially at the age of these children to go to school.
It is learned that since 2014 onwards under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat as CEM, complaints have been lodged with the office of JHADC through the CEM and the Forest Department. It is now found that this area has turned into a synsar garden of some exploiters who have cut down the trees and burnt down this area for the purpose of cultivating synsar which is against the law. The Dorbar Shnong said in a statement.
The Amlarem Sub Division Football League (ASSA) has reached the end of the season before reaching the semi final.
Also present on the occasion were Umroi MLA Damanbait Lamare, Jirang MDC Victor Rani, NPP Ri Bhoi President Clement Mawlong and NPYF Ri Bhoi President. , Bah Pyndaplang Wahlang, Parish Priest of Byrnihat Parish, Fr. Anil Joseph, teachers, school children and other party leaders and parents of the students.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Monday announced that Canadian intelligence and intelligence teams suspect the involvement of people sent by the Indian government to the killing of a terrorist, a Canadian citizen, who was shot dead last July.
The use of high-powered loudspeakers is prohibited.
These bikes were intended to be sold to Bangladesh.
Ribansuk Khyriemmujat, 34, of Smit, died at Robert Hospital, Shillong and Priyalata Dey, 86, of Last Stop Laban, died at Woodland Hospital, Shillong.
T.50 lakh was transferred from the account of the Hima Mylliem to another account of the person which is the Fixed Deposit Account of the person under Vide FD No 34/107 on 23rd October, The 25 ministers wanted to know into whose account the T.50 lakh was sent.
I also mentioned that in the rural areas we don't have Municipal authorities, but we have Town Committees, which are established by the UK&J Hills (Establishment of Town Committee) Act 1960, which was approved by the Governor. the state on
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 13: The Indian National Congress (INC) has suffered a huge loss in the Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee after the departure of its office bearers and workers on the 2nd of this month. month and to join the National People's Party (NPP).
Let us live together with these lives forever and ever by refraining from using the batur/catapult and shooting the gun because of them. children and grandchildren also need these lives.
The visit to Delhi of the two has been from time to time to explain their views before the party leaders in Delhi.
At this meeting, Dr. PW Khongjee, former MLA/MDC of Sohra, came to join the Congress party.
The rapid increase and spread of COVID-19 in our State has become increasingly serious with the passing of the days.
Besides, the mawleiñ was cut down without any permission from the Ministry of Forest.
KHLIEHRIAT: A Muktiar has lodged a complaint against a Sub-Inspector of Police, Habanjop Khonglah, for allegedly sending illegal messages (sms) to her through his WhatsApp number.
But what happened there? The Government shall appoint a Judge and send it to investigate whether there is any shortage or attempt to smuggle rice to other states from the markets in Assam.
On the other hand, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the party has already written to the Chief Minister, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, the Minister of Land Revenue and the HANM. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya has ordered a complete stop to the illegal mining and the invasion of land by Assamese into the Meghalaya border.
After the meeting, the village leaders, sengbhalang and the residents of the village, held a march from the beginning to the end of the pond inside the village. The residents of the pond, to protest against the annexation of the pond to Assam, which the residents have just learned, that the pond has fallen under Assam.
The incident happened on 20th June 2020, at Surat Municipal Institute of Medical Education and Research (SMIMER) Hospital.
Ext.
This means that until April, 2022, the Department is still considering applications.
The Association expresses its gratitude to the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, and bless the athletes to play to bring fame and glory to their state.
After this, the Senior Electrical Inspector will investigate to find out the cause of the power outage and prepare a report to submit to the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited with recommendations.
This encourages a person who is drunk to commit crimes such as robbery, robbery, murder, rape of women, children, theft, robbery.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 2: Nongstoiñ Police Station with the assistance of the village authorities have arrested Biangkupar Nongsiej of Lawse village, after he stabbed Wansaralin Wanniang, 26, of Lawse village. Tiehsaw Nongstoiñ, until her death.
In this age, we know because we have become more intelligent, or because we have changed our thinking, because we want to be happy, because we want to be rich, because we don't understand. how to love the nation.
On the other hand, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that if the HYC and the youth do not decide to rally today, the government will not express their demands. The question is why the state government has withheld this money to release scholarships and this has caused the youth to drop out of half of their education, because they don't get anymore. the help from the government, he added.
There are so far 24,605,227 cases worldwide, of which 17,075,625 have recovered and 834,771 have died.
After that, the Seng Kur Warjri has allocated funds to donate for the repair of the damaged house.
The only thing we have to remember is that we must not create trouble.
This statistic of the Police is a testimony to the poor prosecution of criminals in the State.
However, the village leaders said that to start operation of the factory will cost only T.40 crore and if the government intends to resume operation of the factory, it can stop before giving He said that the employees of MCCL and the suppliers of the factory have also proposed to stop the release of their money just to start. to this factory.
Thus, the curfew in Kerala was announced on 23rd October this year and the curfew was announced in the whole of India on 25th October.
Cooperation is essential to achieve the goals and the Government is working to build new relationships related to key mineral resources such as India's accession to the Minerals Security Partnership (MSP), Australia -India Economic Cooperation and Trade Agreement (ECTA) and the efforts of KhanijBidesh India Ltd.
The President, accompanied by the General Secretary, Bah RL Blah, said that they have seen only in the newspapers the announcement of Bah Adelbert Nongrum, former CEM. for they have not received the knowledge.
The meeting was attended by the MLA of the area, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, MLA Khliehriat who is also the Minister of Home (Passport) Department. Pius Marweiñ, MLA Ranikor Constituency, Bah Ollansing Suiñ, MLA Mawsynram Constituency and other leaders of the UDP and HSPDP parties Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: The Young Mind Association of Ri Bhoi District today congratulated all those who have joined hands to pay tribute to Dr. DD Lapang. This is part of the ceremony to honor and honor this leader who has the right to receive the honor for his contributions to Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole as a leader of the state.
On the allegations that the people have been forced to sign, the party has denied and said that it cannot force or send signs to more than 400 children of the Hima.
He said that if you look at the situation in the government, you can see that there is also a power struggle between the parties involved in it which has brought back the shame to the government.
In this voice of hope, even the poets of the country have already expressed the voice of hope as shown in the following lines: “Once the sun will shine brightly, The light will shine far away”.
The incident happened on Thursday evening near Tura Nehru Park.
I would like to urge everyone including the present government to take action on this important law to be implemented for the benefit of the state as a whole.
This hamsaïa is based on myths.
These MDCs and Leaders of the Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi, have decided to strongly support the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep on the 30th to march from Ri-Bhoi, even if it is necessary to dismiss the Prime Minister and his team.
Explaining on this, the DC of EJH said that this rumor is wrong and there has been no such thing, but the health department has worked hard to prevent the spread of rumors. The full responsibility to identify those who have this disease so that we can prevent the spread of this terrible disease.
Thus, the Light of Understanding comes to man, the main creation of God, to walk in the path of righteousness that is pure and clean in his humanity.
The driver and the follower were arrested by the BSF after they failed to give a proper answer and for failing to produce the documents to carry the iitkhmat.
Employees of the Shillong Municipal Board, who are inspecting the Metor Area.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The distribution of Chest No, T-Shirt and Food Coupons will start from tomorrow 28th to 29th November from 10 am to 6 pm at Shillong Sports Stadium, Ground to the day of this competition.
The country is currently under a curfew, where the President of the country has ordered the people not to be afraid.
On the other hand, Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun has informed the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and directed the DC and SP of Ri Bhoi to inspect these areas.
Two of the plaintiffs, Md Joynal Abedin and Md Aynal Haque, were arrested by TMC supporters led by Spofiqul Islam alias Bhutto, a relative of the TMC candidate. and notorious town troublemaker.
Border Security Force (BSF) in conducting raids and searches across the area have recovered firearms seized since January, including 16 rounds of ammunition, 70 song ki Imphal-East, Imphal-West and Kangpokpi districts of Manipur on Saturday were shot dead, a police chief said.
The killing of the Khasi is not new lathait but the killing of the Dkhars in Ichamati is not complete.
This money will be issued at the rate of T.2000/- per time and this money will be deposited in the account of the farmers at the Bank.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) has announced that it will hold the Meghalaya Superstar Season-IV
He hopes that many development works can be done in this district if we have the spirit of cooperation to move forward for the development of the district. .
Government offices and Courts will be closed on this day throughout the District.
Under the IEC campaign, programs have been conducted to provide services such as free health checkups, opportunities to obtain Aadhaar cards and also to renew existing cards.
Ram Singh was the son of Rata and was Syiem from 1789 to
Eldie said the FKJGP will take up the issue with the North East Indigenous Peoples Forum (NEIPF) to discuss and take the necessary decision to protect the illegal immigrants from the hands of the law enforcement agencies.
Since ancient times, even when we were in the Khasi/Tre religion, we didn't have the same gods.
However, in an interview with reporters, Bernita said that the Seng has received information by phone from the CID that they have taken action against those involved in the incident. you can buy beans.
Speaking to media, the Vice President of HANM Ribhoi District, Bah John Khongsit, said that the inspection was on the basis of information on the illegal operation of these crushers. those without proper documents and illegal transportation of stones.
“Perhaps it is a joy to get a seat which I have never had before and what a joy,” said Dr Donkupar after being elected as the Speaker of the House.
Because development means only following the ways of the West.
Shillong: U Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, on Tuesday said that the department wants to have a dialogue between the people living in Harijan Colony so that they can they shall be destroyed without any opposition.
We are grateful to the Governors, Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, MDCs for visiting our family at this time of loss of our beloved mother. we.
“The Shillong, Tura, Jowai and Mawkyrwat Zones which host the MSL will receive assistance from the Government.
Nongpoh: The Mawknor Village Council in Ri Bhoi District, in collaboration with the Seng Long Mothers and Youth, has come out to repair the transformer which has been left without being repaired by the MeECL department. to the people and especially to the children.
Boxing is part of the sport that has been included in the 2024 Olympic program in Paris, but the selection and competitions have been postponed. The IOC and the IBA will not be involved in the Tokyo Olympics
Besides the landslide, heavy stones have fallen in the Sonapur area near the tunnel and blocked the road where even small vehicles have been affected. Employees of the National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) have immediately taken action to clear the road from the tunnel at Sonapyrdi. clean so that even small vehicles can pass.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the heroes of the state demand that they should be remembered for their bravery and sacrifice. independence from foreign rule and said that it is the duty of the present generation to pass on their heroes to the future generations.
With this result, the two teams have a combined 13 points from three games.
In addition, letters were sent especially in relation to the two most important areas in Khliehriat and the road near the tunnel at Sonapyrdi.
Morningstar Suja said that many times the Forest Department of the Assam government considers the Khasi living in the Barak Valley as foreigners.
However, we’ve worked hard to fix the problems.
A policeman at about 8 pm entered the Manipur State Bus.
He stopped when the headline “The Duo firms on CAB” appeared, meaning “The AR stands right on CAB”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur, in a statement issued by the Rangbah Shnong of Wapungskur, has warned the public not to come and hunt animals or shoot wildlife. the Village Forest of Wapungskur Village.
It is pleasant to know that here in India the first book published thousands of years ago is a Christian book called “The Doctrine of Christianity” which teaches about the Christian faith.
The couple met online and have been dating for 18 months.
Fr Wilbert Marweiñ, who is not a parish priest of Nongbah Parish, was elected by Pope Francis of the Vatican on 4th June to be consecrated as Bishop.
Shillong, July 28 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the power outage in six units has been due to the deterioration of the power generation machinery. They are still working to remove this power outage.
Stressing that it is necessary for all the MPs of the State to look into this issue, Bah Process said, “The previous government did not pay attention or take action to introduce the Ktien. Khasi and Garo in the Fifth Schedule or to meet with the MPs of the state to monitor together.
The Israelites still do not understand who Jesus is until the time comes after the last day when they will be saved.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that they have to accept the proposal of the National People's Party (NPP) to give their support after the UDP failed. to get the numbers to form a government led by the ethnic parties in Meghalaya.
Through this article, I would like to try to tell the people of the country about the great success journey of Team Health India.
) In the time of Jonah :- Because Jonah had transgressed against God Jon.1:4, “ But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and there was a mighty tempest in the sea. the sea is like a bitter sea.
After finding out the cleanliness of the morning, the Assistant Commissioner has ordered all the meat vendors to close their shops from 13th to 15th November and to improve the shops. place put doh.
In various construction projects, corruption starts from the minister, and goes down to the engineers and even the clerks of PWD/PHE who do not hesitate to demand money from the contractor.
I raised this issue and spoke after seeing that there were many who misunderstood and tried to mislead others by speaking and basing on the Bible.
United has said it will suspend flights to Hong Kong until 20 June 2020 due to a shortage of passengers and American Airlines has also suspended its flights until 20 June
However, the disease progressively progressed and he lost vision from both eyes.
For the sake of peace and order, he said that the KSU has done many things in the border areas to curb the infiltration of foreigners. Khaddar rule as villages and townships should not be given to other ethnic groups but we ourselves should rule and manage the land so that the future generations will not be in trouble.
It was also shown that Sanbor had movable property worth T.3,86,08,604.65, while immovable property worth T.80,80,0
Ninety-nine candidates have registered in the JHADC, including 72 candidates in West Jaintia Hills and 27 candidates in East Jaintia Hills.
Bah B.Shylla Fishery Supervisor said that he is pleased to work with the Waheh Shnongs of Khatkasla who see far ahead in the need to preserve the dohum dohwah.
Jalayiah UTD won the semi final.
Nongpoh: The flooding near the Weigh Bridge at Umling has caused severe problems to the pedestrians on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
He said Indonesia is a country that frequently experiences such landslides during the rainy season, especially in areas where tree planting is low and also the continuous rainfall causes Many parts of Indonesia are expected to experience floods again, in which many people are affected every year.
He said that the revenue collection this year has increased only slightly and this is because the revenue has been exempted from the mining of mineral resources.
Character : the unique characteristic of any creature on its own; it may be a man, an animal, or any living thing.
This road is a subway road which has been constructed for temporary traffic as the construction of the double lane road is ongoing.
Nongpoh: A meeting was held today between all the village leaders of Killing area in Ri Bhoi district with Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, to discuss many issues that are important for the people. They live in this area, which is also one of the areas closest to Assam.
The FKJGP Garo Hills Zone has strongly criticized the NPP leader Purno A Sangma who is also MP from Tura who recently spoke on the issue by saying that foreigners also have the right. The FKJGP has alleged that Purno A Sangma's statement shows that he has betrayed the Garo people.
Earlier, Bah Adelbert had admitted that if one of them left, two or three others could come;  However, the question now is whether the intention of Bah Adelbert's resignation is to give the post of CEM to those who have come to the new election and this question has not yet been answered by the CEM. forgiveness to his parents, for disgracing his family, for his crimes against humanity, in which he was accused of being Jihadi John, one of the worst murderers. Jihadi John, 26, who killed several Western hostages, including two British volunteers, has not expressed his remorse over the attack. the slaughter of the souls of men.
“So now it’s too early to prepare in advance.
He said that the victory of the VPP in this election is a hope for the nation and the future of the generation because it has strong foundations and a clear vision for the future generations.
"We have to have confidence," Varane said when asked whether Man United can beat City next season.
These 306 candidates have passed the examination since 2012 but have not received the results for three years, said the president of KHNAM. There are 34 examinations for the post of Junior Engineer (JE) and Assistant Junior Engineer (AJE) but only in November, the results have been announced. can be announced.
I am pleased to say that it will be an opportunity for young children to take part in various sports competitions.
We don't have time to listen to the voice of you Riewtynmen which we often think is useless.
The arrested were identified as Arnes Kharbani, 41, and Ryius Ryntathiang,
He was speaking on the list of arrested persons who said that most of them have links with various parties especially the BJP and TMC. More than 47 people have been arrested. They were suspected of involvement in the robbery that night which police believe was intended to endanger the life of the Prime Minister.
In a statement to the people of Meghalaya on the occasion of the 5th Anniversary of Meghalaya, the Chief Minister, Captain Williamson Sangma, said that this year has been a memorable one in many ways.
Ma Russel Nongrum, Acting Waheh Chnong of Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong, urged the people to take advantage of government schemes especially the women who have many children to register for the PMMVY and to eat healthy foods so that their children will grow up. They shall not be physically weak and shall be fully grown to be free from disease.
So far, 199835 households have benefited from this scheme of the central government in which the state government will pay 15 percent and 85 percent from the central government.
Don't listen to those who praise you and don't listen to those who speak evil of you.
“The government cannot provide security to the people in the border villages, while the CM and Ministers have deployed 9-10 policemen to protect them, but to the paradoh parasnam who live on the border they lose their lives. “The government needs to investigate the leaders of the Sengbhalang when they hold protests for the sake of the lives and livelihoods of the people and does not take action to address the problems of the people,” said Tyngkan. in the border towns.
“What is more interesting is that political parties from other states have also demanded to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule.
Moosalyngkat has a Constitution since 1972 and joined the Jowai Town Committee in
Former CEO and Adviser of MFA Arki Nongrum said that this is the second time in Jowai to host the MSL tournament. The tournament will be held at four venues in Jowai, Shillong, Mawkyrwat and Tura.
At the time of writing, the situation has calmed down and police from both Assam and Meghalaya have stopped the clashes.
He also spoke on the lack of employment in the state.
The meeting was also one of the discussions on how to maintain the cleanliness of the morning in the future, especially in this area which is separated by the river between Umpling Village and Nongmensong.
The General Secretary of the Parish Pastoral Council (PPC) of Laitumkhrah Parish, Bah Barnabas Nongbah, in an interview with the media on Friday, said that the procession was held on the second day of the month. month of November.
The group also held a meeting with various programs to entertain the children of the Children's Home. The meeting was conducted by Bah NR Japang, head of the group. , in the presence of Phermi Lamin, Leader of the group, IA Marbaniang, Home Superintendent and others.
Bah H.Donkupar R Lyngdoh passed away suddenly on 20th June 2023, at Bethany Hospital.
At the end of this comprehensive survey, BHR decreased in those of the exercise group with ring and aerobic exercise.
Bah Hopingstone was a righteous, brave and pious man, that is why God made Bah Hoping a successful man in everything he thought.
AIS Suja “My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge” is the word that came from God in the time of Hosea the Prophet.
Bindo said that according to the Sixth Scheduled, the District Council does not need to seek permission from the Governor to pass any law as stated by HDR Lyngdoh.
In all four cases, the signboards were handed over on the day of the cleanliness drive of the Dorbar Shnongs, said a statement from Samla Macdonald Jitem Publicity Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle.
This law comes into force from today.
“On the other hand, the youth don't have to carry the burden of the village and in the needs of the village they have to ask many times to participate so that they can complete and move forward. "I don't," said Ma Blah.
In this book there are traditions that have almost disappeared, stories that have never been told in other writings related to the jaidbynriew.
After the incident, the youths of the village who could not seize the vehicle informed another group of volunteers and they also seized the vehicle which was carrying seven people and They were also taken to the Dorbar Shnong for trial. When asked, the driver of the vehicle said, “I was driving quickly and I was driving fast because it was the order of these seven men. After a long discussion, these people apologized to the youths of the village and after apologizing, the youths of the village also released them.
Police said that these youths used to play in Lawsohtun Block VI from time to time and today suddenly 20 unidentified youths appeared and tied and bombed with nar rods and they shall not hurt them.
Ranikor area has more than 150 villages but unfortunately there is only one SBI branch where the union has found that the bank can no longer provide the services. a constant need which has brought about the attention of the people almost every day.
Bah Monarch ShabongIt was at midnight on Saturday night that a slightly different sound came out of the village of Barisha in Syria. bor, who came walking in the darkness of that city.
No matter, no matter how big or small the house is, if we have a little space to keep books, then the house will bloom with fresh and clean ideas and thoughts.
The Secretary of the Union of Meat Traders, Bah ON Marbaniang said that the Union has also informed that this will come into force from the 19th of this month 2016, therefore it requests the public to please to work with the organization on this issue.
But no, the truth will never come back.
According to Bah Vivek Syiem, SP City, the two youths, who were accused of attempting to kidnap, came to Laitumkhrah Police Station after seeing the news.
He said that the problem is that there are too many rules and regulations in the NEC and the Ministry of DoNER and these problems have already been raised at the NEC meeting. “Once we have started the project and tomorrow we have to change the way we work at any level because the condition of the land is bad or there are permits that have not been given. The process of sending it back to the NEC and getting approval takes months and there are times when it sends it back to the government department or to the tourism department. of the country to seek advice from the Government of India or to send to bring in experts and such methods of working are very difficult.
"“With effect from 7th June, 2011, the Meghalaya Police Act, 2010 has been promulgated and Section 73 (2) Chapter XII, stipulates that the State Government within three months of the commencement of this Act shall The Police Accountability Commission to look into complaints from the public about the violence of the Police.
Ebormi Buam scored four goals for Langsning in the 37th minute, Ronalkydon Lyngdoh Nonglait in the 52nd minute, Kynsaibor Lhuid in the 57th minute and Malki in the 79th minute.
In the second match, Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber won the match after Tpep Pale did not come out.
He also said that he wants the market at Mawbah and Jhalupara to be converted into a well-built hawker center by taking the Singaporean approach with a parking lot. car.
The annual expiration date is 1 January
Samla D Maring, General Secretary of NUYU, in a statement, said that the electricity department has given reasons for children, when the Umskun Village authorities went to complain about the outage. electricity supply in the village.
It is to be recalled that in the past, the Sengbhalang and the Village Authorities of the area, had also staged a protest by banning the passage of heavy vehicles on this road, due to the excessive deterioration of the road. The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills, to enforce Section 144 CrPC to ban trucks and heavy vehicles from passing through this road.
Former MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, Ma Justine Dkhar, has suggested to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that if a new road is built, it would be better to build a road from Moopala to Narwan which is only about 10 miles away. 7 kilometers and this will help the people of the area in coming and going, in transportation and in the transportation of colours.
The Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, dated 29th May 2021, together with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, dated 12th May 2021, has directed to follow five rules and this includes the Test -Track-Treat-Vaccinate and COVID prevention measures, which should be strictly followed.
Handle Mukhim, Chairman of JACIPER, said that the flag raising ceremony and placards started at 2 pm and the talks were called at 3.15 pm and the talks ended. at 4pm.
On the basis of the above, the Department of School Education and Literacy (DoSEL) has based and compared all the States as published in the report.
The final ceremony was attended by B.Thabah, President of Kyrshanlang Society, Bah A.Nongrang Secretary and members of HYC Ri-Bhoi District.
Meanwhile, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that to promote the tourism industry, the state government has decided to request the central government to allow the operation of buses from Shillong to Dhaka as the Assam government is doing now.
Furthermore, in the Nongstoiñ area, a petrol pump in Upper New Nongstoiñ village has been closed down due to the lack of petrol. petrol to enter and refuel their vehicles.
Shillong: Ka Amita Sangma on Tuesday left for Jowai District Jail to verify and inform the police whether the arrested persons who are currently in jail are really involved in the crime. Agnes Kharshiing was arrested.
The number of residents of Eastern India is even higher than that of South Korea.
He said that the abduction of the church leader is unthinkable and will inevitably lead to ethnic differences between the Khasi and Garo who have always lived peacefully in the Ranikor area.
When inquired from the shops selling these items whether it is just their exploitation or how about the sudden increase in the price of clothes, a Muslim khar who sells patlun said that the clothes he sells The prices are now for newly arrived clothes and in such cases the newly arrived clothes are also very expensive.
The fraud is also done through SMS and WhatsApp messages, and some people receive phone calls asking for details of the PINs of the ATMs. Card" of them.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Dohling said that the office bearers of Bah HM Shangpliang who have left the BJP will join the NPP on the 12th of this month at Mawsynram. they shall receive them with glory.
Speaking on the number of cases, Dr War said that in East Khasi Hills District, 27 cases have been confirmed, including 3 BSF personnel, 8 cases. Armed Forces and 16 civilians and 7 of them came from outside the state.
Therefore, the VPP's opposition in the House should shock India that it should also respect the languages ​​spoken in its own states by the different ethnic groups of India, otherwise the whole of India will be destroyed. The BJP-led central government wants to force all Indians to speak Hindi.
She said that in terms of education in Meghalaya there is only one doctoral college while in West Bengal there are 33 doctoral colleges which she has established as the Prime Minister. West Bengal students get free college education because government supports schools and says people should allow AITC to rule the state so that positive changes can take place She said that if the party comes to power, it will completely resolve the long-standing border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said, “Throughout these years, this hospital has faced many challenges but it has overcome one after another because it has a goal and that is to serve the people. for people.
On this occasion, the celebration was enriched by dances, songs by the children of the church and the program was concluded with a welcome speech by Samla Wellson RD Siangshai u He was the Finance Secretary of the Platinum Committee.
“It is just an attempt to insult me, I respect the parties, I respect my fellow leaders, I have known Bah Wallambok Dkhar since he was a child, I am a supporter of his father in the In the past, we used to talk to him, he is an understanding and intelligent person, but I don't know why he got angry with her. days until it is published in the media,” said Bah Witting Mawsor in his explanation.
He said that if the Tourism Department of the government takes action and creates opportunities to allocate funds for the beautification, it will be of great benefit to the residents of the area.
These scientists of the NGOs University have done many research & experiments to find out the cause of the side effects of the drug. District Council, Hills State Medicine and Mekhaloi Medicine.
Every human life is precious whether you are poor or rich, stupid or wise,” he said.
In these days , u Bah Anthony said that if the Khasi girls are wise , if someone comes to use them , it will not be right but in front of witnesses , and if it doesn't happen later , it will not be wrong because she is recognized as the owner, and if that Dkhar comes back as the owner, she can drive him away.
Therefore, he urged us to follow the example left behind by the great thinkers by living a simple life and being united because we live in a country at war with many nations.
The voters should have been ashamed, disgraced and calm because their special votes have been deceived by these MLAs every election.
On the part of Bah Liander Nongshli, he expressed his happiness to have this opportunity to join the youth of the Catholic Church to celebrate this 23rd Anniversary. be responsible for bringing about change within the church as well as the country and the nation.
Jowai, Nailar 06: The Jaintia Body Building & Fitness Association (JBB&FA) will soon hold the 3rd All Meghalaya Amateur Bodybuilding Championship in Jowai. ", will be held on the 2nd September, 2023 at the District Library Auditorium.
“Their intention is to drop all cases against the leadership and the group members.
In this regard, he said that the Deputy Commissioners have held public awareness meetings from time to time.
For example, the Nagaland police with the initiative of the government have arrested Hema Chaudhary for insulting the people of Nagaland and also the police with the initiative of the government of Arunachal Pradesh have arrested Hema Chaudhary. and brought Paras Singh to the state to be punished according to the rules for insulting a minister of the Arunachal government.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh was the chief guest and Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC of the constituency was the Symbud Chief Guest.
He said that 90 out of 100 Congress supporters and office bearers who used to work with him have decided to give their support and cooperation to Bah Banteidor to win the MLA election
He said that only the CCTV is a witness for the law enforcement agencies to arrest the perpetrators.
In the men's singles, Mebankerlang Shullai defeated Gregoreo Passah by 21/14, 18/21 and 21/1
He expressed his concern as mentioned by the opposition MDCs about the harassment of farmers, and said that the EC will monitor and examine carefully and take action on this issue.
The KSU will not interfere in the Assam border crossing and will demand from the state government to immediately stop the Assam government's plan.
The adoption of the FDI policy will bring more investment into the country.
Shillong, November 15: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has said that the conflict between the government and the land vendors can be resolved if the government invites the land vendors to become members of the Town Vending Committee.
The reason why the coalition government has started looking for a solution is after a serious crisis which has affected the peace and order in the state.
The bank's non-performing asset (NPA) ratio fell to 5.32 per cent in July from 5.44 per cent in July last year.
The Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association (HIA) has sent a letter to the DC to request the DC to allow the reopening of the markets on Friday. The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association (HIA) has congratulated the DC for taking action on the request of the union and ordering the reopening of the market on Tuesday. since 24th November 2021 and which has been going on for about 3 weeks now.
The attack by KIA, CNA and CDF militants on Myanmar army bases in Khawmawi and Rihkhawdar has resulted in casualties on both sides.
The MDCs of KHADC today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad to urge him to pass the Bill and Shylla said that the Governor has replied that he will look into the Bill. task.
Rupang was published about a year and a half before Mawphor and it was at this time that the era of offset printing began and Rupang and Mawphor were the pioneers of this new era of printing. or offset black and white, which was first published by the Khasi and it was during these years that hundreds of monthly newspapers began to appear in letter presses.
Q.Why is your state so poor?Ans.
Has the Khasi language reached such a level? It is worth mentioning that the Khasi language has been made the Associate Official Language of Meghalaya since 2005 and as it appeared in June 2012, UNESCO has no longer recognized it as an endangered language. .
The training program was attended by Dr. VK Saraswat, Member of NITIAAYOG, Dr. G. Satheesh Reddy, President, Aeronautical Society of India, and former Chairman of DRDO & Secretary, DDR&D, Dr. SK Jha, C&MD, Midhani, President, SFA and Chairman of the Organizing Committee, Dr. R. Balamuralikrishnan, Director, DMRL, Dr. S. Satyanarayana, former Principal Director of CITD and Co-chairman, Organizing Committee, and others leading scientists and experts to introduce new technologies in Metallurgy.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the government will soon discuss in detail the issue of reducing the fees for RT-PCR and Antigen test kits in the state.
Robert said it was clear that the road should facilitate the mining of uranium.
Police are investigating the incident.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, Mukul said the state government can still fight against terrorism on its own and the central government needs only to send its police, not to enforce martial law.
The best method of harvesting used around the world is to use a bridge, a clipper, and a plate.
On Tuesday night, a team of police raided the petrol pump to conduct an investigation from the employees regarding the incident.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Monday demanded that the State Government should immediately take action against the BSF troops who sent a clean clothes and threatened to shoot dead a Veterinary Doctor at Amlarem.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has submitted a proposal to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to discuss the issue. ) to cooperate if necessary in the issuance of trading license to foreigners.
There are also many beautiful places and surroundings in the Nongtrai area.
Taking part in the discussion on the Governor's speech in the Budget Session, Ardent said that no information has been received yet on the CBI investigation. Is this because the Central Government does not want to affect the feelings of Assam? Or is it because the Central Government does not care about Meghalaya regarding the Mukroh incident? Mr. Ardent said.
“The Deputy Commissioner should take immediate action to remove these slum areas for the safety of the people of the area and the district as a whole,” said Moonkingstar L Paliar, General Secretary HYC SWKH. The meeting was attended by Arbok Kharjahrin, President HYC SWKH, Bantei Wanniang, Vice President HYC SWKH, Rishotroy Kharjahrin and others. that member.
The song is sung and composed by Carmel Dohling and Dbryn and produced by Dbryn.
At this meeting it was agreed that the DCs should inform each other before starting any implementation of any scheme at the border.
Therefore, it is enough for the KHADC to implement it, so that the people can be free from their problems.
Through the availability of more job opportunities and the transition to clean energy industries, sugar industries have become even stronger and more self-sufficient.
Denying that the issue will affect the relationship between the NPP and BJP, Hek said the two parties will continue to work together in the MDA. “We have our own issues and here we will fight against each other on the grounds we have,” said Bah Hek.
He explained how to dispose of biodegradable waste which can be converted into fertilizer while non biodegradable waste which can be recycled and reused.
There have also been incidents of attacks on Hindu places of worship in various parts of Pakistan in the past.
u ladep pass what do you support??.
Record : Your nathinathi is a memory.
Replying to this, CEM Teinwel Dkhar agreed with Lambor and said that the Executive Committee will take action to demand the withdrawal of the announcement.
“You are the mother,” said the father.
When asked whether there is a rule that elections should be held within 3 months or 6 months, Bah Lyngdoh said, “Yes, there is no such rule. decide to hold elections".
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah H.Ryntathiang said that on this day, they will discuss the bills issued by the KHADC affecting the Dorbar Kurs. He said that the Dorbar Kurs shall be appointed by the District Council.
“This shows that our residents are not satisfied with the MoU signed between the two states last year in the presence of Union Home Minister Amit Shah,” he said. .
Police of Ladrymbai OP under Khliehriat Police Station have taken possession of the body of the child for further investigation.
Both Langsning FC and Mawlai SC have not won in the first leg against Lajong while Mawlai SC have lost in the first leg against Lajong. she was married to Ryntih.
Bah Michael also appealed to the residents of the state such as the leaders and people who have nothing to visit this beautiful village which is famous all over the world like the Whistling Village. do not be afraid.
Ms Rngad expressed her dissatisfaction with the statement of Kiren Rijiju that there is no need to conduct an inquiry because there is no evidence provided by the documents on the allegation.
The first meeting of the Cabinet to discuss the special care of cows, or known as the gau cabinet, was held today in Madhya Pradesh.
There was also a course for Working Executives in 2020 and a Doctoral Program for Working Professionals.
Many have said that the CEM is not happy to support Bah Gabriel because he is a man of the Chief Minister.
In the match played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday, Khimusniang beat Nangbah Mulang FC.
On the Gaming Act, he said, “The government is against teachers to explain for the public, but the robbers are allowed and the government still has more robbers than the people who work in other jobs”.
Mukherjee said that not even a single piece of coal should be transported without paying tax.
You know that in Khasi Hills there are many parties like UDP, PDF, BJP, NPP, VPP.
Conrad said the Government has implemented many programs to improve khadar governance through technology and delegation of powers.
He said that apparently, there has been a trade in labor license where foreigners have to pay up to T.1500 which costs only T.700 and there has been a benami with the KHADC. you should do whatever is necessary.
The manager in a meeting with the union promised to improve the bank within the month set by the union and requested the union to cooperate so that the ATM machine can be brought to the bank.
The Chief Guest was accompanied by Samla Biangbor L. Paliar President KSU Mawlai Circle who is also the Vice President of KSU Mawlai Circle.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: As the MDC elections are approaching, it is understood that the Congress leaders in Delhi have ordered the party leaders in the state to change the rule of law in the Khasi District Council and to establish a one-party rule, which shall be under the banner of the Congress (I).
Ronaldo also won the Top Scorer award at the tournament, although clubs from Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Iraq, Morocco, Tunisia and Algeria were also present. .
The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka at this public meeting said that he will take this issue to the council to express the wishes of the residents.
The fire was extinguished by the prompt arrival of five fire engines.
During the march, the Muster Roll workers carried placards with slogans to express their grievances.
Formerly known as Government House, the Raj Bhavan was one of the first buildings built in Shillong.
Mynthong have 12 points from 6 games while Shangpung Lumiawmuchai have 4 points.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports Bah Shakliar Warjri and others.
Fr.Manbha Pakem explained that JHDS is a voluntary organization for the welfare of all ethnic groups without discrimination of religion or ethnicity.
So far, 6,444 people have been admitted to hospitals while 12,173 people have been discharged from hospitals in the state.
“If it is true, the traffic department will set rules for these buses and commercial vehicles not to stop for a long time but to pick up and drop passengers. “I don't want to stand there waiting for people,” he said.
It was not a meeting, because they met to discuss what should be done and it was agreed to meet the President and it was arranged with the President himself to meet him on Monday April 10, to discuss with him how to fight against these four MDCs and if necessary even the conspirators, according to the rules of the party,” said Bah Lanong.
Soolangki Laloo August 1, 2021 This is the first time I've seen this video.
This action of various offices is against the Government Employment Act.
The residents of the area said that many of them have gone to the bank in these days to exchange their 500,1000 notes but they have been charged as soon as they arrive at the bank because the banks do not. accept that you do not have an account.
Members and leaders from across the state will meet face to face with her at the meeting tomorrow”.
Unity does not come about simply because it is related by blood.
When they searched further, the PRO said, they found clothes, jewelry and clothes worth about 2.21 lakh tyngka.
All five goals were scored by both sides in the first half.
Employees of various banks gave speeches to educate the participants on this issue.
They started their political career from the Congress and now their uniform is different and their goals are different.
The MLA also informed about the assistance available through the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) of up to 25 lakh tyngka with a subsidy of 35%. , Jowai is ready to help.
Regarding the wildfires, every year there are fires in the houses of the residents.
He added that this method of collecting water has been used since ancient times especially in the shyiap areas.
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister has requested the people of the country at the Mann Ki Baat for a 1 hour shramdaan for the swachhata at 10 pm on the 1st of March. It will be the 'swachhanjali' of all for Bapu the day before his Jayanti.
On the 28th June 2017, the KSU has held a rally in the area to protest against the kidnapping of Dajied Syiemlieh by Bangladeshis. Bangladesh Border Guard troops on the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
He said that after the meeting with the DC, he made it clear that at present the office does not have the money and has to wait for some time. to the drivers because they need to ask for additional funds from the government to pay all the money that should be paid to the drivers of commercial vehicles, and as a group of drivers they hope and wait for the time.
“We have also looked into allowing vehicles to move in a smooth manner so that we can work better to complete the work,” he said.
The children left their home to visit with their father, Bah Jeofreeson Jana on the evening of Monday, but since then they have not returned. ingshuh and it was the next morning that they found their bodies.
Speaking on the launch of the CSR programme, Sukhjit Pasricha, Chief Human Resource Officer, IndiGo, said, “We believe that there will be a positive change in the villages to bring about development in all aspects. society, which will also help boost the country’s income.
Speeches were also delivered by various members of the committee and in their speeches they urged the children to work hard to achieve their goals and not to be proud.
They said that the fire has caused a huge loss, as all the belongings have been completely destroyed and not a single item has been recovered.
However, no group has submitted a report on the progress of the implementation of this scheme despite many delays in the implementation of this government scheme.
You shall no longer be a spectator or a spectator.
The winners of the competition were awarded T.15,000 for the first place, T.10,000 for the first runner up and T.5,000 for the second runner up.
The Meghalaya government has allocated coal from Assam for the operation of foreign coal factories in East Jaintia Hills.
The students who attended the meeting raised many complaints and irregularities in the conduct of the examination from the departments of DSC, MPSC, MeECL, NEEPCO, PHE, PWD, Health, Transport, Education, Border Area Development and others. .
For this reason, I urge you Para Ri to be wise when using money.
We have witnessed the schemes of the Government in trying to violate the human rights of every human being for their own benefit without thinking about the future of our future generations.
It was here that the law of God was abolished by following that tradition.
The first semifinal match between the two teams was very thrilling in which both the teams struggled to score.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: The District Sports Officer (DSO) in collaboration with the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will soon launch the Open Volleyball Championship – on the 20th of November for men and women.
The attack, which occurred since midnight last night, when Israeli troops, fired from the air with their fighter jets, in a densely populated area.
Cow slaughter is popular in the Philippines and there has been a huge and illegal fight in which a cow has been stabbed to death. side.
The damage to the owner of the shop has not been reported yet but no one was injured in the incident.
Several years ago, the Kur who owns the land proposed that all the households in the village should pay the tax.
The district authorities have imposed a curfew in Baksa district and called in the army to patrol the area.
However, Chilliangraij SC did not score a single goal and the match ended 3-0
MUDA will only allow those over 27 metres.
Speech was also delivered by the Minister of State, James PK Sangma on the issue of Environmental Conservation.
NPP candidate Marcuise N Marak has won the Williamnagar election.
In Mawkyrwat, the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla unfurled the flag of the country and followed by the display of coffins by seven Government departments, a cultural exhibition. , the distribution of prizes to the winners of March Past.
In the last match, PSG lost 3-2 to Clermont, who finished fifth on the points table.
Banerjee defeated BJP candidate Priyanka Tibrewal by 25,000 votes.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Meghalaya State Women's Commission (MSCW) has appointed two members of the Vice-Chairperson Gamchi Marak and Angela R. Ingty to investigate the torture of 12 women in Tura. She said that these women were taken from the road in a car at Chaingre, Orchid Lodge in Asanang and also taken away from their homes.
Waiphangmi Bareh from Khliehriat and Kermiki Siangshai from Moolamanoh, who are visually impaired, performed a special song.
They sought clarification on the government's sending of the Tenant Verification and Regulation Bill to the Select Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly as they said that according to their knowledge there has not been a single meeting to discuss the issue. They asked for clarification why the Select Committee has delayed the meeting.
In the counting of votes, the Dolloi announced that Wespar Lamin has won the post of Acting Waheh Shnong of Bakur Dorbar Shnong.
He said that this should not be a political issue to blame each other between the former and new Prime Minister as it was last year in the Legislative Assembly.
According to Bah Shylla, the Joint Secretary of the Council has provided all the documents but the bills have remained on the desk of the CEM. Bah Pynshngain.
Chennai, Nailur 28: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa has resigned from her post after being accused of illegal wealth.
Khliehriat, July 21: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has re-elected and confirmed the office bearers of the JNC Khliehriat Circle. The meeting was held at the JNC headquarters in Khliehriat.
Of all the villages in the Nongtrai area, the oldest are Hawei and Mawsmai.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, had announced that a meeting of all political parties will be held on 19th June to discuss the issue.
Our Constitution has empowered women by giving them the same rights in all areas including the right to vote.
C.Susngi, DOC-Guides Guides took part in the fulfillment of the pledge on this day. 39 female students of Thomas Jones Synod College joined the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts & Guides. like the Ranger.
This toilet which was built under the MLA scheme of Bah Adelbert Nongrum is really up to date and this will be an example for the Shillong Municipal and the Urban Development Department and this toilet is not such as those that were in public places.
Before she handed over these lands, she decided that the children of the thousands who lived on the land of the Lyngdoh Pale, before they cultivated, cultivated, should sacrifice two children in the name of the Lyngdoh. Pale.
Fourthly, as part of the Constitution, the UCC will have to comply with other provisions of the Constitution, including the Sixth Schedule.
In another incident, BSF seized 33 cows from Lyngkhat while the smugglers were smuggling cows from Lyngkhat. These cows are still being smuggled to Bangladesh.
For the benefit of the people of the North East, the BJP leaders said that the government has not mentioned that it has allocated separately but has its own share and has allocated T.36,000 crore. .
This is also part of the report on the schemes that have been implemented.
She was wearing a stem salwar suit with a patlun and underwear.
Explaining in detail about the threat of the people, the village leader of Belahari, said that as the village leader, he used to explain to the people, by saying that now we have to accept first, because if we accept The development schemes from Assam, will soon cover these areas, besides they are already border villages.
The Commissioner & Secretary of the Assembly, Andrew Simons, said that the Assembly Secretariat has received only one nomination.
Therefore, a strict law should be enacted so that the Government cannot ignore its responsibility and the perpetrators should be arrested and not remain on the books as “unknown thieves.
However, it is unfortunate that this district EJHD has been neglected by the state government.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP Rambrai Circle President Jistarland Lyngkhoi said that on Friday, they met with the Executive Engineer of PWD Nongstoin Division and handed over a letter to him. to request him to order these contractors to start the work so that it will not disrupt the traffic of the people.
Shillong: A storm and cold weather have damaged 30 houses in Wahkdait village and 14 small vehicles parked in Wahkdait village. night, at 9 pm which happened in the whole area.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the youth are the greatest rishot of the country if they are led in the right path, but if they cannot be led in the wrong path they will turn. they shall be the greatest trees in the land.
During the meeting, Tiwari spoke about the serial, which they will release soon and which they are marketing in the city, where the serial is about the way people dress.
Shillong, July 05: The employees of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) have decided to suspend their strike after the management of the state government has decided to release them. T.90 lakh tomorrow to pay their monthly salary.
To oppose the establishment of this factory, SBYWA, JSM and JYF, NEIF have come to the same table with the support of the four villages to form JAF to come forward to oppose the establishment of this factory without the knowledge of the factory. The residents of Umsatai, Deinsatlang, Ladwahwapung and Pynurkba villages.
Speaking to reporters, Asstn.
The number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 80,229 and the death toll to 2,8
Hughes fell to the ground after a ball from Sean Abbot hit him in the head.
The main objective of the program is to celebrate 'Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav' to spread awareness about the value and meaning of the freedom struggle and to learn to preserve and respect the existence of religions and customs. the differences in the country between the residents.
At the request of the MLA, Conrad also promised to provide a sports stadium for the area.
“We have come here to show a small sign of solidarity with our brothers and sisters in the suffering of the war.
Nongpoh: Dozens of villages under the Raid Marwet in Ri Bhoi District, from Byrnihat to Umtyrnga and other villages on the border with Assam, have been left in darkness and without electricity. This happened after a truck hit a large electricity post and caused other small posts to collapse on the road.
The truck (NL01-AA6213) was carrying dewbilat from Meghalaya and was scheduled to be unloaded at KD Cement in Samuguri in Nagaon district on the morning of the 22nd of this month.
On the other hand, Arbok said that the party will be ready to work with these MLAs to convince other MLAs from outside South West Khasi Hills District to support them if the MLAs from the district you shall not bring your resolution to the House of Representatives.
All citizens who have reached the age of 18 years and above should vote to elect candidates from different parties or as independents.
Nongpoh: A house in Nongjri Umsning village, has collapsed and all the belongings in the house have burnt down, after it suddenly caught fire and burnt down after being hit by Pyrthat.
Approving Grace's demand to send an inquiry to the CBI, James said it is appropriate to send an inquiry to the CBI and he will also approach the authorities regarding the use of the funds. the money of the central government of which the EC has no knowledge.
He completed his schooling in Class VI of Government ME School, Pariong and Class X of Maharam Government High School, Mawkyrwat.
It is only to mislead the people,” said Dr. Mukul.
However, when she dug the river, which was also at the time of the fourth flood, she did not see any stones that were suitable for digging. in the middle of the river.
Umsohlait SC, which won the final, received a cash prize of T.30,000, while Seng Samla Mawhati, which lost in the final, received a cash prize of T.30,0 T.15 thousand.
“They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea” Isaiah 11:9
On receiving the information, the health workers rushed to the hospital and took them for medical checkup.
“Whether I accept it or not, I alone don't accept it and as it is the people don't accept it and I don't know why they don't accept it, but their non-acceptance has become clear like the sun,” he said. state.
When I went down to this place to witness this place where this species of flower has been preserved I also had the opportunity to talk to an elderly man who is also the owner of this place who is also in the same place. According to the report, this species can be found only in some parts of Meghalaya such as Jaintia Hills and in these villages like Umdohlun to Phlangdiloiñ, Nongjri. and Nongnah which fall under the district.
“Those people who want to change clothes have often brought about the disruption in the development of the state but the party cannot allow such a thing,” he said.
Shillong, July 24: The newly established Central Executive Council (CEC) of the KSU on Saturday has questioned the central government's decision to grant the ILP even after the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has approved the ILP. Speaking at the confirmation meeting of the new office bearers of the KSU for the 2023-26 term held at the Dorbar Hall, Jaïaw Shyiap-Lumpyllon, the President of the KSU has passed a resolution to demand ILP in the state. Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the Central Government's speech and actions on this issue show that it does not respect the authority of the Legislative Assembly empowered by the people of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Two incumbent EMs of the ARPA today announced that they have resigned from the post of EM and joined the People Democratic Party (PDP). Forum.
Therefore, the union has urged that it will continue to monitor and if the office does not comply with the demand, the union will take the necessary action.
Shillong, July 16: The High Court of Meghalaya has ruled that the Dorbar Shnong cannot expel anyone from the village.
Helen Giri writes: After the poor man and his family had planted the soh, worked hard to grow, harvest and collect the soh to sell to Shatok, the English took and he gave them only a third, and gradually, a seventh, or a fifth part of all the money...They did not dare to fight against this because he threatened them.
Engineers from Shillong have immediately rushed to inspect the bridge near Shymplong.
At the same time, the older and older singers came to take part in this festival to celebrate it as it should be.
However, the government has said that it is still considering the demands because it has to spend billions of rupees and it is not easy to decide quickly, but if you call for talks with the teachers and explain to them, I am sure that All these should reach an agreement and that the teachers will not hold any more protest programmes”.
Journalists from Shillong learned about the working methods of journalists in Maharashtra and the facilities available in the state for the welfare of journalists.
Jesus is the Lamb of God, John points out by saying – “Behold, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world” (John 1:29).
The party also sends its condolences to the family of this young man who was declared dead while he was alive and now he has passed away.
“We are still looking for the facts but we are ready to contest the MDC election,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
However, Speaking to Rupang, Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also known as Paidang, denied the report and said it was not true.
On this occasion, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that the report will not be made public, but will be announced in the House starting from the 20th of this month.
New Delhi, Jymmang 19: Two chief ministers have resigned after the Lok Sabha elections, in which the BJP has spread in various states.
Meanwhile, MDC and MLA Mylliem constituency Bah RV Lyngdoh, while supporting the resolution, explained to the Ïatei leader that when it comes to the purchase of land, it falls under the Land Transfer Act. The reason why the CEM did not explain.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Municipal Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling today convened an emergency meeting with the heads of the Municipal Department and ordered to withdraw the order to collect taxes from the Municipal Affairs Department. Farmers who came to sell their produce at Anjalee Parking Lot.
In the letter, the EC said that the portal has two objectives.
Children respect their parents and are afraid to hurt them.
Both states need to follow and respect the border.
The group of children of Thousand Hima Mylliem led by Bah John F Kharshiing, together with Bah Fearless Warjri have sent a letter to Bah Jambor War, Executive Member, I/C Elaka Department, KHADC to express the need to improve the situation. sections under the Act so that the children of the thousand will have a clear governance to avoid the darkness of the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and especially the Dorbar Hima.
Not only that, there will also be a scuba diving competition and to witness the colorful appearance of the Miss Lukha 2024 contest. The most famous singer in these days is Samla Wanjop Sohkhlet.
Some of the biggest challenges faced by livestock farmers are related to low yields and shortages in quality feedstocks.
The KSU also alleged that the CFO, JHADC has said that the land has been abandoned because the slasha they planted are not good seeds.
The Prime Minister's desire is still very strong as until now not a single athlete from the State has qualified for the Olympics.
Even in South Tura constituency, we have never seen such a turnout in the past years.
The meeting took nine issues to demand from the Prime Minister including the resignation of Bah HDR Lyngdoh to allow an independent investigation, the second to prosecute those involved in the strict POCSO Act to the women and children.
IV. MAN THE SORDAR OF THE MOTHER OF NATURE: We must remember and not forget that among the most precious creatures on this earth we human beings are “The Sordars of this Mother Nature”. "or those stewards, guardians, shepherds, caretakers, protectors of this natural resource and all the creatures that are under this “Mother Earth" If you read the Word of God, speak clearly about this Genesis 1:2 & 28 says “And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness;
The union through its Secretary, Bah Steve R.Khyriem, said that the food system of the sports department is not appropriate and as for the athletes, the department should provide nutritious food. their bodies and their bodies.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) before announcing the date of the elections in the state, has made it clear that the election of leaders to the Legislative Assembly should be transparent and free from coercion. and thombor, which is not covered with silver.
We must also remember 'that when the power is taken away (by the people), even the king becomes a riew madan'
“The AITC is not yet in power, it should not be blamed that the WE and MYE Card schemes are election schemes, it should be blamed after we come to power and if we don't implement these schemes, scheme", he said.
“In fact, we have already informed the government but the prime minister has said that he will look into it in the future,” said Dr Celestine.
The name War comes from the word pad-war which means the owner of the riat (and is also used in the proverb War u Riat), so the people who live in the remote areas to the east bordering Bangladesh They were called the Wars and the word Khynriam referred to the people who lived to the east of the Umngot River. The War Jaintia still call the people to the west of Umngot Hynriam.
The War area is part of the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
He also urged the teachers and parents not to say that their children are not intelligent but it is necessary to cooperate from both sides to shape the children in the education, because the first teachers are the parents in the home and the second parents of the students are the teachers where most of the time and hours of the children are with the teachers .
He said that at the upcoming meeting, the party will start looking at the candidates in each constituency although they do not want to do anything immediately.
At the same time, Babu Ranjit urged that there is a need for proper education in the state because the teaching profession is not like that. market for those who come only because they don't have a job.
In the first leg, Sohphoh beat Umbluh 3-0 goals, Livingstar Suting in the 21st minute and Habandajop Khynriam in the second. Sumarbha Suting in the 44th minute.
Nongpoh, 08 Nailur: On the flooding of the Wah Umtrew in Byrnihat, which has killed tens of thousands of fish, it is surprising that the root cause of the flooding of the river is not no report has been received to this day.
Israel has launched a bomb attack on Lebanon after it fired rockets from Lebanon.
Shillong: The family members and residents of Nongrah Nonglum village have come together to pay their last respects and bury the remains of two brothers at the Catholic Cemetery. Carrier.
After this, the ragbah and even the longkmie came out and threw khwai in the areas like ponds in the middle of the road. which have become the symbols of small fishponds.
Nowhere can he find a perfect, beautiful, and glorious human figure which he feels can stand for Christ, nor can he find a beautiful face. with the signs of sin that was written in her, which would betray Judas Iscariot.
Earlier, Kong Kharshiing had lodged a complaint against her and the Court had taken action against her.
During the three-hour meeting, the leaders of the state and central governments ordered the ANVC and ANVC-B not to cause any disturbance that could disrupt the peace and order in the country. Lum Garo.
The incident has been investigated by Mawngap Police Station and the driver is still in police custody.
Therefore, the family members, looked for an ambulance, but, due to the slowness of the ambulance, the woman, seemed to be dead and immediately, they immediately prepared to go to the crematorium. no to it.
In recent days, Wang Hajiang, the commander of the Chinese army in Tibet, ordered a new color for the inscription and the map as a whole, according to the color used in China.
From Shella they have to spend a lot of time and money to travel to Shillong and Guwahati just to train.
The Supreme Court has issued the order after considering two PILs related to the situation in Manipur.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has also expressed its full support to the JYF. .
He said the state government should support such groups if the state government sets up such groups to open up opportunities for the youth.
In a statement, the Secretary of HNLOCTPA, Bah Apsharailang Syiem, said that the ban on coal mining by the National Green Tribunal has affected the livelihood, income and even the Iarong. the State Government.
The Federation of Khasi States in a statement through Paiem KM Syiem President and HI Ryntathiang Secretary would like to clarify that the Federation of Khasi States has never discussed or authorized any of its members to speak on matters relating to the Federation of Khasi States. the Hima Mylliem or any other Hima.
The new border is between Laitduh, Umblai, Mawphu and Laitlyngdop.
Furthermore, evidence of investments of over Rs 13 crore was found in the sale of properties.
The Dorbar Shnongs, Longkmie Shnongs and Youth Associations of Mawlai Village as well as the villages in Shillong and surrounding areas have come to encourage and strengthen the spirit of struggle of the youth here. Rapborlang Nongrum, Khrawkupar Nongsiej and Sanbor Rapsang, Conveners, said in a statement.
Through this programme, children who are also students in various schools in Nongpoh, have been able to express their concerns about the loss of their rights as children and especially , like schoolchildren.
In West Garo Hills, there are two soldiers.
This situation has greatly undermined the dignity of the society, the country and the nation as a whole.
However, why don't my eyes shine like those of Aishwarya Rai?
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Winning G Sungoh, EM I/C Taxation, said that the cement companies have violated the Non-Tribal Rules -Tribal Employee Service License from the Council has ordered that they should be expelled and replaced by foreigners. He said that they should bring in foreigners only for skilled labor and unskilled labor. To allow the citizens, the total number of employees in each company has been requested so that the number of illegal foreigners can be counted.
To explain this to the public, Uranus Stone Production and Co. has explained to the public how it works to avoid any impact on the village.
There are new goals, new opportunities, new determinations and new confidence," Modi said.
He said there is a great opportunity to strengthen trade with South Asian countries as well as India and Bangladesh through the North East.
Through this meeting, the Ministers and Basan of the Hima Myllien, welcomed the two men, Bah Estansingh Jana Nongbet, from Mawmaram, Sohiong, and Kong Bitarian Syiemsad, from Pahamsyiem, Nongpoh. , because of their belief that there is the land of the Kur Jana Nongbet and the Kur Syiemsad, who have the land of the Kur in that area, near Umtyrnga.
The KSU said that it will soon invite the Quarry Owners Association to discuss this issue and get more information from them.
“To improve education, it is necessary to provide education that will benefit many.
But know that first of all we are all human beings, who cannot live without the same air we breathe.
The meeting also decided that if necessary, the people of 8 Nongkrem Constituency should go to the office of the CEM, KHADC to demand this. He said that the General Executive Committee of the Laitkor Dorbar Pyllun has invited him to attend the rally on the 7th of this month at Madan Laitkor to protest against MUDA. He suggested to the people of Laitkor that MDC Bah HS.Shylla and MLA Bah Arden M.Basaiawmoit should not attend and deliver speeches at the meeting.
The Minister also urged the village leaders to work together with the department and said that the department also expects them to work together from the signing and handover of the land.
The Commission has emphasized the seizure of drugs and other intoxicants.
He said that many young students do not have the opportunity to complete their studies because there is no examination center in the area.
The new Parliament is expected to cost more than 1200 Klut.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the state government has not yet taken any decision on the reopening of schools in the state. is still increasing steadily and is dangerous if schools are opened.
Earlier, two other rangïakura of the State had contested, but were defeated.
However, not all political parties are ready to produce their principles, policies, and activities through the production of dulir-juban-tyrwa.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, said that the reason for the meeting was after receiving a lot of information, that there is still a strong infiltration in these villages nearby. Assam, therefore, urged these village leaders to be vigilant on the entry and exit of the people.
“The fact is that the citizens of Jammu & Kashmir have not fully enjoyed their traditional rights, property, accommodation and jobs under the existence of temporary division of citizens and others from the part to get the fundamental rights,” said SG Mehta.
After the public meeting, Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni President of KSU North Khasi Hills District said that the KSU North Khasi Hills District will give time to the MeECL department to work hard to improve the situation. To install a 132 KV Sub-Station in Nongpoh, ensure that the right location is provided otherwise they will take action to close down the MeECL office in Nongpoh.
Therefore, we urge the relevant authorities to take action against this issue as it has affected many of the cow farmers in Lum Khasi Jaintia, not to listen to those who want to benefit, and where do they get the power? to close down the markets, this seriously affects and violates the fundamental rights of the people who eat beef.
On July 7, the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) approved the blueprint prepared by the State Government regarding the relocation of 342 households from Them Metor. There are suggestions that need to be addressed in some areas.
“According to her, she wants to hear from the people of Meghalaya and allow them to bring documents and witnesses before concluding the investigation.
In this regard, all Waheh Shnongs and ticket sellers are requested to send their tickets to the Fete Secretary Shri T Phawa or the Lucky Draw Secretary Shri M Thabah. on or before 23.11.2022.
Some of them are more severe and it takes up to two days for them to open their mouths to eat.
Speaking to the leaders of Rilum Khasi, Jaintia and Ribhoi, he said that there are no more statemen, but many are those who promote the national pla.
He is an employee of Bah Nore Marngar's coal mine.
The leader of the MLA of Nartiang Constituency, Ma Phrang Dhar from Wahiajer village, together with some of the leaders, were surprised that Ma Sniawbhalang has announced the expenditure of Rs 562 crore in the last three years. shem is the end of the shisha.
They were employees of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation in Jalna and were supposed to return to Chhattisgarh.
Tamil Nadu scored 72.00 in terms of opportunities.
As it has been found from time to time, the public alleges that such symbols of rice are made of plastic and are mixed with rice for the purpose of storing and earning money. who run the market.
"He states that women have already demonstrated their ability in many areas of development and to do all the work well.
While the number of constituencies in the Assam Legislative Assembly will remain at 126, the number of Parliamentary constituencies in the Assam Legislative Assembly will remain at
The next day, his mother took him to 7 mer to look for work.
“If the leaders are brave and courageous, they should come forward to lead the people to work and ask for adequate security forces, so that the people will not back down no matter what happens,” he said. he said.
Even if our government cannot follow all the steps, half or 10 pounds should follow the example of North Korea and Cambodia for the benefit and livelihood of many. They should be treated as traitors who have come to destroy the country and the nation.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah on November 11, 2013, launched vehicles carrying Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) as part of the public awareness campaign and preparation for the Lok Sabha election. Sabha will be held in
Both the district administration of West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbi Anglong District were present at the scene.
For example, in 2021, the Mizoram government has been able to provide adequate protection to its residents living on the Mizoram-Assam border, from the attacks by the Assam police and Khar Bang by sending and provide police personnel with the support of politicians and leaders.
The Minister said that the release of coal will be in four districts, 75,000 in East Khasi Hills, 50,000 in West Khasi Hills, 25,000 in South West Khasi Hills and 500,000 in South Garo Hills. the auction and shipping will begin soon.
If foreigners speak, it is easier to clean up by accusing them of speaking without responsibility and if the Congress speaks, it will be accused of politics, but if foreigners speak, as Bah Sanbor said. Shullai and Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP, said that it is necessary to think carefully, because there is the truth, because the outsider knows better.
Rymbai SC has qualified for the final of the tournament.
The visit of these two MDCs to the Executive Committee of Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor, has shown that the EC will not be easy to dissolve, but the UDP, NPP, will have to form. On the other hand, if they want to take over the rule in KHADC and not only that, but this loss of rule in KHADC, also allows the conflict to intensify. In this MDA coalition government, because many of the MDCs, will not be able to sit without seats and therefore many demands will arise and not only that, there will be many reasons.
Dear brothers and sisters, whether you believe that you know the Lord or you don't know or believe in Jesus, let us obey the authorities above, because this law is for us. our own good to protect us from this terrible disease.
Ma Rymbai has served as Dolloi for more than 20 years (1993-2014).
After the Cabinet meeting on Friday, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that the NCERT textbooks will be used in three subjects including English, Mathematics and Science.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Union of Sohra Samla Shnong (U Seng Samla Shnong) has sent a statement to congratulate the newly elected members of the Seng Samla Shnong. which is related to the youth of the village.
Lutituber Ialong beat Tpeppale 9-1 in the third division football match of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has refused to cease fighting and has said, "We will stand firm and no one can stop us. Hamas and the Gaza Strip.
The Meghalaya Kickboxing Organization (MAKO) would like to thank the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh for his assistance in all times of need. in thy good works.
The presence of some of the best players of the state to take part in the tournament attracted a lot of spectators.
Conrad criticized the BJP for campaigning against the Government's actions through social media.
She also congratulated the Sport Club for organizing such games to open up opportunities for children and youth who have real talent in sports.
Even if the law does not prohibit, it is up to the people to decide whether to win or lose those who come from the same family to contest elections.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Lumshnong Unit on Tuesday deported 26 foreigners who wanted to work at the Star Cement factory in Lumshnong.
She also appealed to the youth from school children to take care of their health and refrain from the use of junk food, alcoholic beverages which can affect the health and you have lost your life.
From Jammu and Kashmir, they left for Delhi and stayed overnight at the Republic Day Camp organized by the NCC.
Matthew was welcomed by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh today at Madan Shad, Mawphlang.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 12: The 111th Assembly of the Church of God Meghalaya and Assam was held on Sunday at Mawiong Lumsyntiew Church Nongstoin. All over Khasi and Jaintia Hills, they flocked to Madan New Nongstoin to hear the message from the Word of God.
These MLAs have lost their lives due to the violence and protests of the people to protest until some parties led the burning of the tyngshops of the two HSPDP MLAs from Mawshynrut and Mawthadraishan.
According to the Disaster Management Plan, it is clear that the villages should have a Special Committee for this purpose.
They treat the audience like the prodigal son but they themselves feel like the brother of the prodigal son by hiding their sins.
After the completion of the trial, the court announced the verdict against the suspect.
Malngiang said this while replying to a question by Syntar Klas Sunn, MLA Mawphlang in the House today.
However, at present, there is no sign of the road work.
There have been 75 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
So the question is who will win the title this year?
Improvement of the equipment of the Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong.
Lumparing SC and West Jaintia Police have won the 1st Women's 4For All Cup and the Men's Veteran 4For All Cup
However, he expressed his regret that the cost of land for the construction of this project has been too high and the cost of acquiring land is twice as high as the cost of construction of the Western Bypass which has reached about T.1200 crore. .
He said that the sordar has said that he has now received an order from the government authorities of both sides that he can implement the road safely.
Police have quickly arrested some of the leaders who blocked the vehicle and there was a heavy protest with shouts of condemnation against the government and the police who went to shoot. died of Bah Che.
Conrad said this would speed up trade and traffic.
The union will also hold a public meeting of all drivers and owners of Meghalaya on the 1st June 2020 in Shillong to discuss and take a decision on this issue. claim.
According to the statement, this is the second time that the TDF SSC Scholarship has been launched.
“With the cooperation of the people from 14, 15 villages of Block I together with the people of Psiar and Khatkasla villages, the shul was completed in one day,” she said. Toi, JACJH at that time had set up and built a school building, built benches and desks in one day, because of the unity of the people of this area, said Gilbert Sten.
“It's not like we're going to be able to clean up,” he said.
Participants will be in groups and only 20 groups will be accepted, according to the first come first serve forms to be submitted from 1st March at Syiem Studio, Mairang's response.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Lowershon Suting said that a truck driven by a child under the age of 18 collided with a Mahindra Maxx driven by his brother, Konishon Suting.
However, the Magistrate, Kong Umdor, did not allow these officials including the Acting to close down the office and promised to send police forces so that no one can enter the Syiem's ​​office now. night until tomorrow at 10 o'clock in the morning.
Arun said that since Ardent took over as chairman on 20th July, 2013, the work of the dorbar has been delayed. “There is no committee, but there is no chairman,” said Arun.
For example, in other states like Assam, it is not found that the villagers are willing to cut down trees and even if they cut down, they cut down according to their needs by asking permission from the Forest Department.
As a nation that has become so sinful, through these events it will bring shock to mankind and to turn their eyes to God, to forgive, to deliver from all evil events.
“Where is the relationship between the people and the government,” asked Nehemayah and added that so far there are no signs of the proposal to set up a mini secretariat.
“There are some contractors who are no longer able to continue to implement this scheme because they understand that if the Government of India does not pay more money, it will be difficult for the State Government to pay the money. "It's a good idea to have a contractor," he added.
In fact, it is the State Pollution Control Board or the Government department in charge of air and drinking water pollution which should conduct those tests and inform us so that we can be more aware of the pollution. and also to think carefully about the water supply and to know whether it is clean and sweet water that we can drink without any fear and anxiety.
Shillong, November 17, 2020 - There is no restriction on those Khasi who do not receive Scheduled Tribe (ST) certificate, said a statement from Bah A Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, recently told the media that the BJP has decided to remove Bah Ernest Mawrie from the post of President. Members of the party have resigned because they are not happy with the performance of Bah Ernest as President of the party.
“I asked Paiem why you called the police, but he said he didn't know.
Vice President: Leibhathrang I Law 3.
“Even though they have lost their loved ones and who have suffered this unexpected tragedy, the party also prays and requests to God to console the family of their families in these days to come.
The tournament was conducted by Rgh Wom Chyrmang President of SKSR 12-Daloi. Rgh Meliyo Lyngdoh, Executive Member of SKSR 12-Daloi delivered a welcome speech. The general report was presented by the General Secretary Rgh Chanky Nongrum.
Police have registered a case under Section 365/387/34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) on the incident. The two persons were abducted by the same gang of robbers from Meghalaya and Assam.
“By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand; and we rejoice in hope of the glory of God" (Rom. 5:2).
Jai Prakash Yadav will be the party candidate from Banka, Lalit Yadav from Darbhanga, Sudhakar Singh from Buxar, Chandrahas Chaupal from Supaul, Shivchandra Ram from Hajipur, Surendra Prasad from Jehanabad and Anita Devi Mahto from Munger and Alok Kumar Mehta from Ujiarpur constituency.
Ms Laloo said that this widespread slaughter of dohum dohpnat will lead to the extinction of fish and other aquatic species and besides that it will also endanger the health of the people.
“If the land is fully documented in Meghalaya, why was it transferred to Assam?
He said that when he brought the issues of the people in the House, he read carefully and that is why he is happy that Bah HM Shangpliang has joined the NPP. Meghalaya to strengthen the Units and Block to strengthen the NPP for the upcoming elections as in the last six months the MLA elections have been on vacation.
He stressed the need to look after and help those in need, the poor and the needy.
When inquired about the cold weather in Ri Bhoi District, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhayaya, said that they have not received any complaints from the farmers. and it is not yet known whether the farmers have been affected by the cold.
After a while, there were opinions that the UDP was acting wisely only the leaders without informing them to cooperate with the HSPDP. If you don't have any grounds, leave here and join the NPP. If you win, you will become a Minister.
Lion Sports Youth Affairs beat Efty United XI Mynso by three wickets to win the title. The Open To All Cricket Tournament was held at Madan Khliehtyrshi.
The Israelites chose a curse because of disobedience.
Besides the administration of the work, the relevant department should also look into the rules and regulations on how to prosecute these people according to the rules of law in the respective areas. This will come into force only after the issuance of the notice.
“From time to time, the people have been in dire straits and are facing such terrible problems in the border areas on the border with Assam and Bangladesh,” said the statement.
Radium Reflectors are arranged for the following prices: Bikes, Scooty, Bicycles for etching and Radium Reflectors free of charge, Vehicles (four) etching wheel costs 20 tyngka and radium reflector costs 50 tyngka.
Shillong, March 5: “My Executive Committee (EC) is strong because we have 23 members because there are only six members outside the Khasi Hills United Democratic Alliance (KHUDA) which is the synrop group of the EC. Speaking to Rupang at the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Chief Executive Member (KHADC) Pynshngain N Syiem today.
The price of petrol has been increased by 33 paise and diesel by 26 paise.
Adiam Bthuh, District Secretary, Meghalaya, in his speech as the Chairman, explained the origin of this day which is the birthday of the two men who founded the Scouts-Guides Movement. known as Lord Baden Powell and Olave Baden Powell.
If this work continues, many sorrows will increase.
Each group has its own goal to work for the improvement of education,” he said.
The rules stipulate that any MP or MP who is convicted and whose sentence is more than two years, those MPs or MLAs shall lose their membership of the Legislative Assembly.
Not only that, but here it also makes it clear to the people that the power of the President of the BJP is equal or greater than that of the President of the BJP. the Chief Minister of the State.
The Supreme Court has issued an earlier order to allow the transportation of coal until 31st July but it was suddenly banned. 15th of July before that day.
This is after they won the final of the East Khasi Hills Schools Championship held yesterday at the JN Stadium, Shillong.
And we refuse to honor the poor and the needy.
All those who had Tari in the house were shot by the police.
Shillong: In the dorbar tlang of the Khasi Hills District Council (KHADC) which started on 3rd November, two MDCs, while discussing the issue of the amendment of the Khasi Hills District Council (KHADC), The MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar from the opposition, has brought forward the issue in the first and second phases.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 21: In condolence to the four children of (L) Kong Metilda Lyngdoh Marshilong, who was raped by a bloodthirsty robber, the leaders and the Members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Riangpoit Unit, donated foodgrains and other items.
The rescue authorities also had to install a Walkie Talkie as the Mobile Tower could not be destroyed.
This was followed by the second programme, Dus Ka Dum Swachhata Har Dum, which has 40 activities to ensure that everyone has a responsibility for cleanliness and that there will be no return to normal practices. ago.
Therefore, the State Government should turn its attention to this issue and should create ways how to provide funds for the poor.
Although there was a clear understanding that the environment is being destroyed by the immoral activities of mankind, there was also a strong demonstration that for the sake of development, it was necessary to accept the destruction of the environment. Uranium in the northern parts of Hynniewtrep.
As part of the programme, a group of motor bike riders from Tuber village known as the 'Tuber Biker's and Tour Association' came to take part in this day. The group was led by its President Bida Kyndait and Secretary. The group led by the President Bida Kyndait and the Secretary of the National Assembly of the Republic of Tatarstan has also ridden a bike from Ladrymbai, Deputy Commissioner's Office to Byndihati to announce this special programme. you are Heimonme.
Sec.School (EJH).
Mawpat Village has sent a proposal to the Government to build this Center on 28th March 2013 and within a few months the scheme was approved and the work has started.
Similarly, HSPDP leader Mawshynrut MLA Bah Witting Mawsor said that the HSPDP is not a party that wants power.
For many years, the prophecy of the Prophet Isaiah was fulfilled.
Shillong: A jeep on the road to Nongstoin, Shillong, has collapsed in the Tinhiang River near Majai village this morning at about 6 pm.
Mukhla Raij won 3-2 against Lion.
He said that the teachers held a meeting on 22nd November at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall and decided to submit a letter to the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Governor. They will listen to this request but if the Government does not do anything, these teachers will not be able to show their strength to the Government.
After seeing Mawhati, I told my friend who was leading us that before we return to the village, I want to see Rongiangphong and Moolahin.
For the benefit of the children of Ri-Lum Jaintia who are entitled to receive this scheme especially those poor families who live from day labour, u Pariat said that the time has come. to all the poor families to stand together with one voice to demand their rights from the authorities in collaboration with the ration distributors and Waheh Chnongs.
Jowai, November 6: The 13 political parties who have already given the government seven days to dismiss the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, will hold a strong protest if the government ignores their demand. of them within 7 days.
Shillong: According to a report from the Commerce Department of KHADC, it has been learned that the shops which have received licenses for the setting up of khapshniuh shops by foreigners within the border of KHADC up to There are currently 10 schools in Shillong, one in Nongpoh, one in Mawkyrwat, six in Byrni and one in Mairang.
The opening ceremony of the Traditional Healer Association (RBTHA) was also attended by Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh. , Umsning MLA, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, RBTHA leaders from Jasper Manih President, Ellington Syiem Secretary and traditional healers from all over Ri-Bhoi and the state as a whole.
“The decision of the Boundary Commissioners and the explanation of the boundary between Kamrup and the United Khasi Hills District was made public in Notification No. 1430 dated 14 September
The union urges the KHADC to issue the NOC as soon as possible so that we the residents of Warsan Lyngdoh area can enjoy the peace of travel and income like others. We strongly request the CEM not to delay and should issue it within these days, because it is clear that if the NOC is delayed, for all the 2-Lanes Projects. from Meghalaya will be exported to other states in the North East.
“Sister Rose Mary was going to Goalpara, Assam on 17th June with the conductor of the bus and some people talked about her dress and drove her off the bus.
Checks worth T.1.25 crore were distributed through Yess Meghalaya, Green Meghalaya and SHGs.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : After three years of fighting before the High Court against the transfer of Director to Officer on Special Duty (OSD), Salgira Marak has been re-appointed as Director of Printing and Stationery. He has been appointed as of Tuesday.
Pala said that the situation has reached the point where all the traders have been robbed of their vehicles, their vehicles by the vehicle companies that lend money because they cannot pay the loans. you are a month.
What frightens and worries me most is that I might become a slave to the things in this place and if so, I will be lost and wandered in its winding paths.
This is the percentage at AIMS, at IIM Shillong, these are the reasons why we have to fight to get admission especially when it comes to employment.
Under the PMFME, MoUs were signed with 15 lending banks and project implementation sanctions were granted for 25 states.
Crores of students, teachers and parents from home and abroad will participate in this programme.
It cannot be said that the owners of the land where these forests have been destroyed can say that the Syiem and the Dorbar Hima have no right to interfere with their private property.
The residents also thanked the Waheh Shnong, Secretary Shnong and the children of Ialong who have worked hard to help and take care of the farmers of the village.
The runners up award was awarded by President Edystone Shylla and the runners up award was awarded by Philander Lyngdoh.
A bench of Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh, Justice TNK Singh and Justice SR Sen, while hearing the case, condemned the 24 hour curfew imposed by the HNLC which has affected the people of Khasi-Jaintia.
For this five years, Conrad has requested T.82,815 crore from the Finance Commission to implement development projects and other needs.
The Waheh Shnong of Tuberkmai Shnong, Jiedlang Sana, said that the Dorbar Shnong has taken this decision to ban the rawon from fishing as it is the breeding season.
Meghalaya is one of the states with the highest number of unemployed youth and this is one of the reasons why the youth are depressed.
The House passed several bills on the last day of the Budget Session and these bills were introduced by the Government.
The Court said that it has appeared in the media that due to the curfew in Meghalaya called by the HNLC, the situation has affected the people to the extent that pharmacies, shops, hotels, Vehicles have stopped and blocked and this has affected the people.
The Prime Minister posted on X: “To promote sustainable development and welfare of the people, we have launched the PM Surya Ghar: Muft Bijli Yojana.
The leaders who win this election should understand that it is the will of God that has allowed them to be the leaders of the people in any field for the benefit of the country. The president is Marshall Biam.
Regarding the border crossing, Bah Syiem also expressed his sympathy to the people of the area especially the villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam for the insults and harassment by the Assam police from time to time. He also recalled the recent incident in Mukroh village in Shilliangmyntang district which cannot be forgotten after the death of five persons in the attack by the Assam police.
Organizations including the JSM, JSU, East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills and the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai under the banner of the Jaintia Coordination Committee for Reservation The JCCRP has launched a sit-in demonstration at Ummulong Taxi Stand, Iawmusiang, Jowai on Monday.
Besides, in the past, when a candidate contested or contested, it was often the people who supported him.
The school has won 32 gold, 18 silver and 21 bronze medals to hold the top position.
“However, what they think is only to deceive each other during the elections.
He said that there are only three options in relation to the MCCL. One is to allocate T.180 crore to revive the MCCL. One is to implement a joint venture with other companies. On this, only the agreement of the Hima Sohra and the Mawmluh Dorbar remains. He said that since 2006 when the dewbilat factory was converted from wet process to dry process, the government has already spent up to T .324 crore in MCCL from its inception in 2006 to
Therefore, if you eat these fish, it is not good for the body and can cause many diseases, according to the newspapers that we read every day.
Speaking to reporters, these youths said that most of the time it is difficult to walk through this area because many times men come to drink alcohol and drugs in this area even in the morning. you don't have to worry anymore.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Carnes said that his struggle and commitment to the Congress is that he loves the people and not the money and if he chooses money, there should be no more The Congress party has offered him billions of rupees to contest the MLA elections this year.
According to the state government, the work will take some time but in many places, these transformers have already been repaired or replaced and the electricity supply to these places has also been completed.
Along with education, it is our duty to preserve and protect our culture and music.
Expressing its concern over the failure of the authorities to take action on the garbage in Jowai, the Dorbar Shnong has warned to take action if the government fails to do anything within three days.
Shillong, July 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday denied that he will appoint ministers in his government.
Shillong received no rainfall at all, while Sohra received only 2.4mm and Umiam received only 0.2mm.
In the Under-16 Girls category, she won three gold and one silver medals.
Those who misuse money or property will be punished under Section 53 and the punishment is imprisonment for up to two years along with a fine.
Perhaps it is impossible to mention others whether they are political parties, civil society organizations, voluntary organizations or any other organization, so only those that are more important in society have been mentioned.
The bodies of these two persons were recovered on Monday night, after a hard struggle by the rescue agencies to search and track despite the cold and bad weather for the past 2-3 days. .
War said that the NGT has forgotten about the destruction and loss of rivers in the area due to the mining near these rivers. coal in the state and has deprived the people who live from it and also deprived the state as a whole.
For this purpose, it is prohibited to drive fast which puts others at risk, to drive under the influence of alcohol, to play music or singing beyond the prescribed volume and other activities without morals that may disturb the peace.
Until now, the body of Bah Marwein has not been found.
I don't have any hope that this will end immediately.
