The visit of BJP President Amit Shah to the state witnessed a curfew by the HNLC and protests by groups to protest against the plan to eat beef and attack Christian churches.
There is no movement and all the MDA allies are firm,” he said.
If they have complete mental health, we will be able to give good gifts to our family and community as a whole and have self-confidence.
Speaking at the meeting, BJP National Secretary Rituraj Sinha said that this is the first time that the BJP top leadership has nominated candidates from all 60 constituencies. Meghalaya has a goal to empower Meghalaya.
Perhaps the bapli was wrong here and there.
However, in 2016-17, he together with the elders of the area, fought hard to return the polling station to Langpih and wrote a letter to the Election Commission of India, in which the election The Election Commission has approved and during the tenure of Arunkumar Kembhavi as the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, who is also the District Election Officer, the Election Commission has directed him to approve and do whatever is necessary. Langpih polling station has been restored.
Nongpoh: In the 28 years of Ri Bhoi District, since it became a full district on 04th July 1992, there have been many leaders in Ri Bhoi District, including u Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati and Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, sent their special greetings to all of them. the people who live in Ri Bhoi.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has informed all those who have applied to the State Bank of India (SBI), Umsning Branch, Ri Bhoi District, on the 16th of this month, They have to quarantine for 10 days.
The lives of millions of people in the country have been transformed by the adoption of digital technology in various sectors such as education, agriculture, finance and others.
For Meghalaya, PM Sajntosh took 2/21 and Bharat Gurung took 2/25 while Gavineal Marpna took 1/25 to end the partnership for the ninth wicket. The run of Sikkim has been increased.
The temperature rise in Kuwait is unprecedented and could reach 68 degrees in November.
NOTE – 692.
When he preached the message of God, he quoted from the Book of Nehemiah; how the people of Israel, after their return to their homeland, confessed their mistakes because they had forgotten many teachings from the Word of God and after the promise of repentance and unity. received many blessings.
The KSU leader said that the Government has built an entrance gate which has not been working in these days.
A mistake in the defense gave Ryntih the opportunity to score, which came from a corner.
On the other hand, Arpit Upadhyaya said that the people can take part without any intimidation especially in the border areas of Ri-Bhoi, as the government has strengthened the security forces so that the people should not be intimidated and can participate. He said that a man has been arrested by the Ri-bhoi Police after he robbed a polling station in Umsning. he and found him drunk and acted in accordance with the provisions of the law.
He said that if Meghalaya had been ruled by the BJP, it would have been one of the fastest growing states in all aspects, but because the state has been ruled by other parties, The state should not lag behind, because most of the money has gone to the pockets of a few people, but the people have not benefited at all.
“This is sad because the work and the words do not match,” said Bah Nongsiang.
The fire started at midnight at the headquarters of the Directorate of Security.
On the other hand, the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has written to the Director General of Police (DGP) last month that the Superintendent of Police and the Sub Divisional Officer have not done anything until the meeting. The FKJGP and the Hindu Pilgrimage Yatra have been involved in a clash between the FKJGP and the Hindu Pilgrimage Yatra.
“These people are the ones who are causing trouble and instability in the area,” said Bah Nongtraw and urged the people of the area to provide detailed information so that the party can take action. which is necessary.
The BSF has 245 personnel, 170 others and 26 soldiers.
“As a team, we will be ready to play in the final of the MSL 2023 against Rangdajied. We are confident that through the cooperation, the team has the hope of winning the title. "It's a victory," said the Khliehmawlieh player.
If you still remember his poems from the book KA DUITARAKSIAR or KI KHASI POETRY about "U Diengbilat" and also "Ka Shynrang"
Do you need a percentage in your degree? How much does it cost to study b.
In Sohiong constituency, there are 63 polling stations.
In the case of announcements on political activities, this requires prior permission from the committees set up in the States/Districts in accordance with Order No.509/75/2004/JS-I, of the Commission issued to on June 15,
(i) Those who wish to be trained to write newspapers in U Rupang, if they have completed a Graduate degree, have an interest in writing newspapers and know how to type Computer.
The opening ceremony of the Corona Care Center at Patharkhmah, MLA and others who attended the ceremony included Bah Victor Ranee MDC Jirang, Bah D Syiemiong BDO Jirang C&RD Block, Bah D Syiemiong BDO Jirang C&RD Block; Dr E Kalwing, Incharge Patharkhmah CHC, Bah N.Kharmalki, Sordar of Patharkhmah, Sengbhalang Leaders, Village, Women, Youth and others.
The fire broke out in the morning at the house of the woman.
The delegation will be led by Punjab Minister Sukhbinder Singh Sarkaria and will be accompanied by MP Ravneet Singh Bittu, Jasbir Singh Gil, MLA Jasbir Singh Gilwill and DS Mangat, Special. Secretary and will meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya along with the State Government officials.
Replying to the Government's misleading attempt to promote the Jal Jeevan Mission project for political gain, Dr Mukul said, “I have been asked how the Government received the Best Award. Performer for JJM? It may be that the MDA Government has thanked the Government of India.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has visited Umtham village in Ribhoi.
The Gospel According to John 3:18, “He that believeth on him is not condemned; John 3:36 “He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abideth on him.
It should be recalled here that the principles of the HSPDP from the past to the present are to stand firm for the rights, freedom and development of the indigenous people in all aspects; to stand firm on building the state in development for the benefit of the indigenous people as promised in the Constitution of India; the party believes in the Constitution of India according to the law, social freedom, freedom of worship, stands for democracy, upholding freedom, unity and solidarity In India; the demand for the independence of the Khasi-Jaintia State under Article 371 of the Constitution of India and according to the boundaries of the Himas and Districts of the Khasi-Jaintia State; the party stands firmly on the ownership of land, forests, traditional rule, customs and language as promised in the Constitution of India; to administer the administration of justice in the State and in the District Council; the HSPDP stands firmly against uranium mining as it affects human life, wildlife, plants and vegetation; to fight as much as possible to resolve the border with Assam; to fight for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India; to have a mining plan for the extraction of mineral resources; to have a policy for youth in employment and income generation; to increase the number of industrial estates for woodworking factories; To prevent the influx of ethnic minorities from the major states of India and abroad as well as the party demands ILP and NRC; To have a policy for agriculture and livelihood of farmers; opposes the introduction of passenger trains without safety measures; to strengthen and empower the District Councils by amending paragraph 12 A and other provisions.
The polling went smoothly despite the protests by many political parties in Garo Hills against the allowance of foreigners as voters and candidates.
Speaking to reporters, Bah P.Kharpuri, said, “In the understanding of the public, it has been informed that if there are positive cases in any place, then they have to declare it as a containment zone immediately. However, in our area, we don't have any cases of COVID-19, but in the past, I have a high risk contact, I was taken and tested and found to be negative. He was sent to Umsawli for quarantine as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
In a recent meeting with reporters, Latiplang said that before giving the approval, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima had given permission to Sujit Sing Saha to change the land. another name is Tochen Bahadur Tamang and this was submitted on 4th June,
This is why he wants the CAB to become a law.
The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Amlarem Civil Sub Division on Tuesday enforced Section 144 CrPC to curb any activity that could disrupt the peace and order of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB). in Myanmar.
In a statement, BJP Meghalaya Secretary Bashailang Khongwir said the party has also discussed with President Amit Shah the preparations for the elections in the state.
In the past 24 hours, 2 cases have been confirmed while 3 cases have recovered.
In Nagaland, in addition to Article 371(A), there is also the ILP. In Arunachal Pradesh, the ILP is along with Article 371(H) and in Manipur, besides the ILP, there is also Article C).
Therefore the kingdom, and the dominion, and the greatness of the kingdoms under the heavens, shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High (Jesus): his kingdom SHALL BE AN ETERNAL KINGDOM, All the kingdoms shall serve and obey him” (Daniel 7:27).
The MHIS scheme has been implemented in the state for more than six years but it has been a source of income for the people from poor families.
On the same day, Banalis Syiem, President, Jery Anderson Suting, President, Biiola Iakai, Vice-President, Joyciful Lypon, Arkini Lytan as General Secretary, Assistant Secretary and Rimika Challam as Treasurer.
The SNSBH has appealed to the High Court against the decision of the High Court to allow MUDA to take over the Municipal land.
Thus, to this day there is a Kur relationship between the Nongkhlaw and Sutnga chiefs.
"The youtube channel is not limited to Mawlai, the state but will reach all over the world," said Bah Pathaw. Today, you need to learn more about this video, because through this video, you will benefit.
This affects not only us small servants, but also the government officials.
At that time, 11,00,000 Israelites died by the sword, 100,000 were taken as slaves into Rome and around the world.
The Seng has vowed to hold a protest against the Government if it does not listen to the demand.
During adolescence when the immune system is still strong and the immune system is still strong, there is little health risk, but still many young people they suffer from many kinds of diseases.
These three bills have been sent to the Standing Committee of Parliament for consideration.
The PTA has shut down the Internet and broadband internet services in all parts of the country on 9th January, following the order of the Pakistani Home Ministry.
The Minister said that the proposal to bring in the railway line from Jaintia Hills will have to be thoroughly considered to get the approval of all the stakeholders.
The cleaning was in parts of Mawlong Market, Motphran, Jeep Stand, Paltan Bazar and Market Head.
Regarding the allegations that Pynursla Constituency does not have any development, Latyngshaiñ said that she as a resident of Pynursla Constituency has seen the development and schemes. “There are many kinds of people who have flocked to the area, the roads, the paths and the streets have been repaired,” said the mother.
The Government of Meghalaya from 2008 to October 2018, has ruled to improve the mynder and foreigners, while the citizens, the state citizens are being deceived every day. On this side, the indigenous leaders who earn wealth and destroy their own people are involved.
Nongpoh: U Bah Arminder Wahlang, Vice-President of the HNYF Jirang Circle, on Tuesday demanded that the PWD department should immediately repair the road to Nongrim Jirang. The road has been badly damaged and has caused problems to the people living in the neighboring villages, which is also one of the areas bordering Assam.
“We request the Ministry of Home Affairs and Police to take action against this incident so that such incidents will not happen again.
Shillong: Regarding the news published in U Rupang on Thursday, February 12, 2021 on the front page of the article “Man dies recently, overturned by coal truck”, The vehicle was not driven by Bah Ribul Shulet, who passed away.
Sohtyngkoh and the children of the place, With my friends I play; I climb the mountains I descend the nights, Without counting the heat and cold.
Mulang Ialong opened the scoring through Jeri Dhar 12', Charelang Mulieh 51' and Nidaroi Mulieh 60'+9
This Amendment Bill shall apply to the entire territory of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
“We request you to send officers to investigate into this matter and if found true, the District authorities should punish the dealers.
They have been farming since the time when Assam was one district and one state.
The incident took place at Khejuri in West Midnapore.
To become a supporter/friend without publishing your name, you can send an email to the District Tuberculosis Officer to get your Bank Account at the following address: East and West Jaintia Hills – dtomgjnh@rntcp.org , East Khasi Hills -dtomgekh@rntcp.org, West Khasi Hills – dtomgwkh@rntcp.org, East Garo Hills -dtomgegh@rntcp.org, West Garo Hills- dtomgwgh@rntcp.org, Ri Bhoi – dtomgrbh@rntcp.org, South Garo Hills- dtomgsgh@rntcp.org.
“It is a visit to encourage and support their struggle,” said the President of the KSU. Also present on the visit were Bah Sadon K.Blah, Ksiang of the HNLC and President of the HNYF. The HNLC has already elected four leaders to take part in the peace talks with the government which is still unknown.
He said that the Assam government officials have also confirmed that they will work together to ensure that there will be no infiltration of voters into Meghalaya.
Accusing the Prime Minister of trying to protect the MPYC, the MPYC President said, “Who is the Prime Minister trying to protect by claiming that the collapse of the roundabout is the cause of the overweight of the building? ? Instead of explaining, the Prime Minister declined and asked others to investigate before making accusations.
Shillong, July 24 : To mark the Republic Day of the country this year, the Raj Bhavan will be open to the public on the evening of the 26th from 3 pm to 8 pm.
The bridge was built during the reign of Siangshai while the road from Ladrymbai through Musniang and Mutong to Kong-ong was built by Nehlang Lyngdoh, MLA of the area and former PWD Minister. Five of them have been defeated, and the road and especially the bridge have been abandoned.
However, to come to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA government of Conrad Sangma, that is, which has a far-reaching and far-reaching meaning.
The counting of votes in these two constituencies went smoothly without any interruption and the people had to wait in line to get their turn to vote. However, there are also polling stations where the public does not have to stand in line.
He said that according to the decision of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, it has demanded from the 60 MLAs of the state to stand against the Uniform Civil Code and to take the issue to the Legislative Assembly. The State Act, because once implemented, it will have a serious impact on the customs and traditions and the uniqueness of our people in this small state.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The IXth Inter School Knock-Out Football Tournament 2023 was held at Madan Heh Mini Stadium, Mawlai Phudmuri. and Garo People, Mawlai Circle, have now reached the quarter final.
Forms with errors and filed less than 7 days prior to the hunt will be rejected.
If you are slow, you will fall into the apot of the seventh day.
"Bah Donbok, the Sordar of the Maharam Hima, has urged the law enforcement agencies to look into this incident, and not to be mere spectators, but to take action after the There has been a lot of fighting and fighting between the opposition parties so that such an incident will not happen again.
Those who violate these orders will be punished according to the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC. Mairang Mission and 12 cases in Umthied Bynther.
It is often heard that “They have a good education, but they don't understand”.
On the other hand, Bah Sohliya in his speech, congratulated the West Jaintia Police Department for taking this important step to raise awareness for the betterment of the community. .
Let's see what happened to the mother of James and John as we can see from Mt.20:20 – 28 who fell at the feet of Jesus and begged to let her two sons go. but they shall sit one on his right hand, and one on his left, in the kingdom of God.
“When school runs for more than two months, doesn't it affect the children?” said the mother.
During the days of his election campaign, Hamlet has been around the Mylliem constituency to inform the people of the problems of the area due to the MUDA boundary crossing. now he is in charge of this department of the state government.
The meeting was conducted by Downingstar Marweing and welcome speech was delivered by Cannyson Marbaniang.
Sanvert Kurkalang tied 56 runs off 21 balls and Levester Phawa scored 20 runs off 17 balls.
The Chief Guest also concluded the speech by leading the reading of the soskular or pledge to all the participants.
Goals were scored by Kirot Phawa in the 2nd minute, Pynaimi Phawa in the 25th minute and Ioolangki Sana in the 36th and 57th minutes.
He said that apparently, the reason for the riots in the border area and recently in Balakhawa, is due to the introduction of jobs by Assam.
The Dolloi has forgotten the members of the Village Court and has not listened to their opinion especially the documents remaining to the Secretary of the Village Court who has passed away in the past few months. Many cases have been handled by the Dolloi alone without consulting with the members. This alone action has caused many problems in the villages.
The goal would also be his 32nd goal for PSG and could be Lionel Messi's last, as he is expected to leave this season.
“When they saw the vehicles from Meghalaya, their eyes widened and they stopped the vehicles,” said a post on social media, which strongly criticized the actions of the Assam police. They are looking for dozens of reasons to intimidate the people of our state and this has been happening for a long time,” said one of the writers on social media.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister requested the Minister of Defense to discuss and allocate the vacant land of the army in the cantonments which the army has allocated to the people to be allocated to the government so that they can improve and beautify the city of Shillong.
The EC of DS Jaiaw Laitdom has strongly condemned the shooting of employees of another ethnic group on the 29th of July at Jaiaw Umpohliew. and on other incidents that have affected the Dorbar Shnong and also on the involvement of students from Kerala.
We don't agree with that and we demand that the Government should take action.
“On these facts, we have come to meet the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to take action that all these villages should return to Meghalaya in this border talks,” said Thaiang. .
The woman, 27 years old, was shocked when she saw the hand of the priest on her body and then other passengers came to the scene and told her. don spirit who has shithab and thap and your heart is bitter.
Up to 18 farmers of these villages have been affected by the damage to thousands of rice seedlings and rice trees.
Before the Eucharistic Mass, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar DD, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, in the presence of the Fathers, blessed the Motsahnam which was erected on the ground floor of the Assumption of Mother Mary Catholic Church. which inscribed the names of the first recipients of the Church of Iooksi.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that there have been discussions and suggestions from the seven MLAs regarding the prevention of Covid-1
So they don't have enough time to get ready because of poor communication from the NTA," he said.
Criticizing the NPP-led MDA Government, she said that they have been in power for four and a half years and have not done anything. “This shows that the Ministers or the Government have no responsibility. to provide employment, to provide adequate health care and adequate education, but we have seen the teachers who have been on strike in the past few months, even though the Government wants to provide them with the necessary assistance. lipstick and other cosmetics.
On the MLA's suggestion to allow the production of kyiad pyrsi in the state to increase income and create jobs for the people in the state, the Chief Minister said that the state lacks and if allowed, it may cause difficulties in filling the rice in terms of food.
He said that according to the information received by the party, this foreigner has an intention to expel the Khasi who have been in the area.
Speaking to media, the leaders and members of the HYC, said that the reason why they went to close down these banks, was after they saw and found that these banks, They open and run the activities and that they don't respect the 'Shad Nong krem'
There are 12 survey sites on the 884 kilometer border of Meghalaya-Assam, which have been approved by the two states, he said.
In this area, they have set an example for the local entrepreneurs, and the government in the next five years should support these small and medium-sized entrepreneurs to develop the people in these areas.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has strongly criticized the Meghalaya government for refusing to sanction additional posts in Sngap Syiem College. Mawkyrwat for the teaching and non-teaching staff as has been done in other colleges of Meghalaya is an insult, insult and insult to the South West Khasi Hills District.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) has proudly announced its partnership with the prestigious Hornbill Music Festival in Nagaland, India, for the second year through financial support.
At this meeting, the teachers also demanded that the government should increase the retirement age from 60 to 65 years as the retirement age of university teachers has been increased to 65 years by the central government. retirement age for teachers.
“Although I am 58 years old, many say that I am nearing the end of my life, but I still feel young like I am 27 – 28 years old.
Shillong, Nailar 18: As part of the campaign to curb the illegal entry of foreigners and foreign authorities into Hynniewtrep, on the 12th and 13th of this month, the KSU Narpuh Circle under the leadership of its President, Samla Syrosse Lamare and General Secretary Samla Kwilness Suchiang have arrested about 271 policemen at Sonapyrdi near the Lukha Bridge (EJHD).
Orphan Children Foundation, Jaintia Hills under the leadership of Founder Chairman Ma L Dkhar has distributed 3 months school fees and food items to orphans and children with disabilities. The body of a man was found dead in Priang, West Jaintia Hills on Monday.
In my opinion, this undermines the power of the people and the rule of law.
At the same time, the JAC urges the law enforcement authorities to take action to arrest these robbers involved in this attack and punish them according to the law.
However, the court ordered that the Coke factories should not operate while the temporary suspension order is in force.
He also created blocks like Mawlai, Sohiong and others in Garo Hills.
Therefore, regarding this bridge, the KSU has requested the leaders of the two constituencies, Mawphlang Constituency and Mawkyrwat Constituency to take immediate action on this bridge. The residents of this area used to use this road and now they are in trouble and in danger in coming and going.
Unfortunately, when these garbage decay, the water from this area, especially during the rainy season, flows into the Umiam River and this is a serious threat to the plants and creatures that live in the rivers such as fish of forty kinds.
Of course, all the jobs are necessary but the doctors are more necessary because they are the ones who have to look after the health and for that reason it is necessary to appoint them quickly and strengthen those who have already worked in the job. said the prime minister.
This is the serpent, the devil and Satan.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sumar said that some of his most famous books include one on the Khasi religion. name, and so on.
Speaking to Mawphor, he said, “As leaders who have grown up in politics, we should have responsibility and respect each other especially in the language because it is not pleasant to see that during these years. They have been working together for three years but now that the election is approaching, they have started to fight each other.
In 1990, Olsen left Bordeaux to play for Caen.
The Chief Minister confirmed this on the resolution tabled by Sohra MLA Titosstarwell Chyne.
They said that the prayer was held in some churches on Saturday, while most churches will hold it on Sunday.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to take action to include this road in Phase-III which is 200 kilometers and we expect that the problem of these four villages will be addressed. I'll be back soon.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that 113 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state, bringing the total number of recoveries to 1,1 .
The time has come to strengthen the Act and the powers of the Lokayukta as well as the intervention of the Hon'ble High Court in this regard.
Let us remember that we all have a responsibility to protect the dignity of women and maintain the good reputation of Akor Khasi.
The President of the Seng Khasi, mentioned some of the areas which have different characteristics from one village to another such as the Poi Kha Poi Man, the Jer ka Thoh, the Jaka Puta and others.
The program will include an essay writing competition on “Youth are the Driving Force towards a Vibrant Democracy”, a debate competition on “India's Vision for a Strong Democracy” and others. such as a song competition, a book competition and a seminar.
She sought clarification on the lack of clarity on the grant received from the Forest Department of the State Government which is not less than T.45 lakh for the registered forests.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court today ordered the Manipur government to release immediately at 5 pm one of the youth leaders who has been arrested. The Supreme Court, comprising Justice DY Chandrachud and MR Shah, has ordered the release of the youth at 5 pm today. He should not stay in jail for one night, as this violates his right to life, which is in accordance with Article 21 of the Constitution.
He also criticized the corruption of the present MDA government from the Smart Meter, roads and others.
The Bhutanese rice we get from the Balipara Frontier Tract will be suitable for some parts of Khasi-Jaintia.
There is only one thing I want to tell you and that is wait for the time.
The speeding of these two Gypsy vehicles of the Police has angered the members of the Sengbhalang who have caused a stir in the area.
“In terms of the elections in Khasi and Garo Hills, we have senior leaders, there are many leaders,” Chatrath said. The Screening Committee in Delhi will finally send the candidates to the Central Election Committee for a decision. destination.
:The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Reuben Najiar, Chairman of the Cell on 24th November 2023 met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla. Discuss on the First Preference for Khasi Students Applying for Non Teaching Posts of Grade B and C which NEHU has recently released.
We don't discriminate against any group or ethnic group, but it is shocking to see from time to time, that those who get the highest marks in the examinations they have fought hard for, don't get a place at all. go to school only because of this slow and inconsistent section.
“The Managing Director informed that two proposals under the DRIP have already been approved while the other proposals have been sent to the relevant Ministry for approval. I'm going to work.
In the Marathon at 6.00 pm, 82 participants took part.
Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan has denied that Pakistan was involved in any way in the Pulwana attack and the killing of 40 soldiers. Pakistan is ready to retaliate against India if India attacks the country at any time.
Shillong, Naitung 1: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem will convene a meeting with all the 25 Hima together with the MDCs on the 7th of November.
However, according to the report, the organizers said that only a few people attended the meeting and many did not come to participate in the day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today said that the names of the candidates for the post of Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) will be discussed soon at the Cabinet meeting.
According to BSF officials, the head constable who shot Bah Roning three times with a Beretta SMG has been suspended immediately.
Shillong, June 17: The Additional Chief Secretary of Assam will visit the district on the 20th of June and will arrive at the Circuit House at Deinchynrum. Hills District at 11 pm, and the Addl.CS of Assam visited the area to investigate the death of 14 workers at Umpung, Saipung area.
The DC was concerned about this after the increase in the prices of goods in the market.
They were burnt at Marten and the lyer that came out of them was very strong.
Indian thinkers and artists understood the secret reason of the West and in 1955 they immediately abolished polygamy among Hindus.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister by various organizations such as the Garo Graduate's Union, Senior Citizen's Forum and New Tura Development Forum on Tuesday, the organizations rejected the claims of the Prime Minister.
“I feel that we are now in the semi final and we hope that in the next 17 days we will be able to reach the final.
I would like to remind you that it is our own choice and decision that will determine not only our future but also the future of our children or the future of future generations.
The current economic slowdown is expected to increase and decline further from the current 4.5 per cent of GDP in the second half of 2019-20 and it is assumed that the indicators They say that it may be similar to what happened in 1991, when India's economy collapsed in front of the world.
Shillong: When a reporter of Rupang, tried to get information on the increase in the price of food items from the shopkeepers and traders, they said that the increase in the price of food items especially food water is the reason. not only in the state but in the world.
“I don't want to contest the election because the people are harvesting soh instead of planting, and the people who have planned to plant don't want to come out during the election because even if they don't want to harvest, the soh falls. hi", he said.
As a sign of remembrance, the Hima held a short meeting with a 10 minute silence and laid a wreath at the memorial of Paiem Sibsing Syiem inside. the ground floor of the office of the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima.
The residents of the village who were shocked by the attack fled the village and hid without finding Amin Raibak Rabha, a prominent leader of the village. His death in these elephants has been a great loss to his family especially to the community.
However, we have now put the youth in front of them and will take a decision for them,” he said.
Through this goal, Mawkhar FC made the match more intense and intense. Both the teams fought hard to score but until the end they couldn't score a goal. as a point.
After this victory, his son – Dr.Kharnary encouraged other youth especially parents not to stop their children if they want to pursue any career. “We all send our children to school to get government jobs but we have seen that government jobs are now available only to the relatives of government ministers or senior officers,” he said. Dr. Kharnary's father.
The DC said that in this regard, he will fight as soon as possible to consider which one is more suitable to set up between the two coal terminals. in this area.
Lyngdoh said the government will not allow those who want to attack the contractors like what happened in Mawlai Umshing Mawkynroh where the robbers attacked two foreign workers when they tried to attack the contractors. They also burnt alive one of the kids who was covered with petrol but these two persons managed to escape.
They count the days and believe that Jesus Christ was born on January 6 each year.
One is that Hosea marries a prostitute and the other is that Gomer later becomes a prostitute and is sold into slavery.
As found, there was no complaint, records and notices to show that there was fraud on the signatures," Chadha said at a press conference in the presence of About 1,050 militants and 319 security personnel have been killed in 791 militant-related incidents in Jammu & Kashmir since 2018, according to the according to the government's statistics.
I don't know what they promise her, maybe they can make her prime minister, but I just ask her to remove the Khan clan from her clan,” said Saumitra Khan.
On receiving a tip, the ANTF of South Garo Hills raided Koch's house and seized 256 bottles of banned heroin containing 100 ml each.
In 2011, those who marked against the school column will add up to decide 1st, 2nd and 3rd.
The Committee also invited Bah HS Thangkhiew, Senior Advocate, Shillong, and others to give their opinion on the matter.
“I will never give up,” said Mevani.
Make sure that the skins do not get into the eyes of humans or animals as they carry diseases.
The Shlem will hold a meeting to discuss how to use the money properly for the benefit of the poor families in our country.
Don't make unfounded accusations but there are those who speak without knowledge and mislead the people.
"The FIR was filed on 20th November, 2010 wherein the Dharmabad Police in Nanded district filed a complaint against the police involved in the performance of their duties in They have been charged under many sections of the to the Indian Penal Code.
“We demand ILP and NRC and we are against CAB. We brought ILP at the meeting with Amit Shah in Delhi.
While we are in this world, we will not escape the storms, we will face them.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the statue of Bah Hoping, the DC of WKHD said that Hoping was one of the leaders, the leader who showed the humility in all matters, and who brought about a clean and pure government, and especially Maieid is also one of the promoters of knowledge by opening many doors. school.
This is not the first time, it happened in October, when an Assamese from Beltola drowned in the river.
“If the government does it, it will be fine,” said the rangbah. “If the government does it, it will be fine.
“The Government also feels that the agriculture sector is one of the ways to increase employment opportunities and besides these the government will also increase employment opportunities in the health and education sectors. education and others such as within the Social Sector,” he said.
The next hearing in this regard will be held on 9th October
She said that interest-free loans of up to T.10 lakh have been allocated to 46 cooperatives.
The UDP has joined hands with the Congress and NPP to dissolve the EC led by Titosstarwell Chyne from the UDP. The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has announced that the NFSA has been released for the post of CEM of KHADC. month of July (June).
He said it is useless to have various offices in the state while the state residents do not get jobs.
“Furthermore, the Minister also expressed his concern for the testing of up to 14,500 children.
T.26,69,000 scholarships have been released to the students including T.753000 for 3rd Div, T.1298400 for 2nd and T.717600 for 1st Div.
“Has the TMC in the state been able to fulfill its promises, if not, I think the people of Meghalaya who have sufficient education will understand and see, that if they cannot fulfill their promises in Bengal, how can they fulfill them here.
Shillong, November 14: A woman was injured when a wild elephant attacked her in Kawagra village, South West Garo Hills, on Friday morning.
He completed his research under the guidance of Professor K. Mohan Rao.
He reminded that although the police have arrested the people involved in this fraud , the people have lost their money , because they have not taken action despite the police warning to avoid these scams doing foolishness.
This type of treatment with herbal medicines is done by those indigenous peoples, the peoples who are still living here and there.
Conrad said that in order to maintain peace and order in such areas, the Meghalaya Police from time to time conduct patrols whether by vehicle or by vehicle. By foot, especially in areas where there is a lot of border dispute, and if there is any incident, the magistrates and police immediately arrive at such areas. and maintain and maintain peace and order.
Waheh Shnongs from different villages of Jowai, elders, parents, youth and others were invited.
The DM&HO of East Jaintia Hills District, Dr.D.Shylla, said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has a target to fight against Tuberculosis (TB) by He thanked the District TB Office Jaintia Hills and the CSR Department of Star Cement for their support to the TB patients in the district. , to take antibiotics to recover quickly from the disease.
Dr. Gordon Roberts, founder of the hospital.
Shillong: The State Government through the Dangle Education Department, has released part of the arrear of higher secondary school teachers who are in deficit in the state, which is 10 months before Christmas.
The Varsity Fest started with the flag raising ceremony in front of the NEHUSU office. After this, the torch rally started from the NEHUSU office to Multi. The Vice-Chancellor of NEHUSU, Prof. PS Shukla and the Sports Secretary of NEHUSU were the bearers of the torch. bearer).
At present, all these towns have many Dorbar Shnongs in one town.
Speaking to media at Congress Bhavan, Congress Spokesperson Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that this shows that this is a robbery of the minority Christians.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has now used his skills in the Indonesia Open to beat another player. - Lakshya Sen in the second round of the All-Indian Duel to qualify for the quarterfinals of the tournament.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : Karnataka lead Meghalaya in runs in the two-day U-19 CoochBehar Trophy at the MCA Cricket Ground in Polo, Shillong.
Scientists at Pennsylvania State University tested 24 women who didn't eat meat and food as a step meal, the same meal with 10 glasses of water, or syrwa with water.
The brother also sprinkled the blood of his brother to say that he too died in fear and terror. He suffered great sorrow and later fled the house.
We also thank the Meghalaya Badminton Association and the State Sports, which has appointed this young man to lead the team.
Blah said that earlier there was a letter sent by the opposition Acting Sordar to the Council on the 25th of this month to inform that they do not want to hold a meeting in Marbisu but want to hold it in the district. council but their letter arrived too late because it was during the dorbar and followed by holidays and when it was working hours the day of the meeting came so it could not. adjourned further and the meeting was continued.
The Chief Minister of Mizoram has sent a letter to Amit Shah on this issue saying that his Ministers do not know how to speak Hindi and do not understand if they speak Hindi. and for that reason he suggested to transfer this officer and appoint those who speak Mizo or at least those who speak English.
Paradip: The day of marriage is considered to be the greatest day for the couple involved; However, for Odisha MLA Bijay Shankar Das, BJP MLA, it has turned out to be a turning point and that is, he forgot his own writing day and thus did not attend. come to your own marriage.
In the past, the Soo Langdohs used to stay overnight at the house of Wamon for three nights and four days to perform the Kopati Puja which was held once a year to thank the gods and kings who had protected the children of the Elaka. “It's been a long time since the house was built,” said Bah Rikut N Parien.
It is a disease that you want to get rid of as soon as possible compared to other diseases.
This year marks the 100th anniversary of the Khasi National Dorbar.
To conclude this short article, I would like to urge all of us to refrain from any public gatherings.
He said it is necessary to control the markets to ensure that the meat imported and sold is safe for the consumers.
At 11:30 pm, the Rangbah Shnongs left the place in a procession with the people following them. Dr. Werlok Kharshiing and Bah RL Blah, said that they will never ignore their demands and if the government does not listen to their seven demands, “We will not be at peace unless the government implements our demands, we will not be able to be deceived by the prime minister and his cabinet,” they said. Any committee or sub committee if the government proposes to us, we will not turn away from you people, we will always talk that the government should implement our demands, if we cannot get a strong demand we will stand “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Dr. Werlok to the crowd.
When they arrived at the residence of the suspects, the police ordered them to surrender but at that time the suspects opened fire on the police and a shootout broke out. it happened at 2 in the afternoon.
He said it is the duty and responsibility of the DGPs to ensure that all information should be collected, especially from the districts in the border areas of the country.
Shillong: U Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MDC of Mawkhar Pynthor Constituency, today sent a letter to the Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to resign from his post. He said that the decision to resign from the post of Chairman was taken after thinking carefully about the state of governance and especially that the United Democratic Forum has lost its majority in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council.
Speeches were also delivered by the founding President Rangbah Kran Ryntathiang, who explained in detail about the origins and working methods of the Seng Samla in the past 25 years and also encouraged all the youth especially those who are still in office at this time.
The party leaders who took part in the meeting also discussed the plan on how to implement it in the future.
The purpose of the 15th Anniversary of the Shad Suk Mynsiem is to thank the Creator and Creator at this time when the trees begin to blossom, for His blessings. The children of Hynniewtrep, whether it is in the field of health, education, income, peace, literacy, trade, agriculture and others part of life.
When asked about the tasks that Prestone has not been able to complete, Manbha said that one of the issues that all the witnesses have seen is that even though the Pynursla Civil Subdivision has started in 2018, the candidates from Pynursla have not been able to complete it. I am ready to register in Pynursla.
Leaders and members of KSU Barak Valley from Assam were also present on the occasion.
The President of the KSU said that the KSU wants the voters to go to all the villages to register their names so that people who have doubts will not be able to register themselves.
On the other hand, the Magistrate of Sohra Civil Sub-division, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, said that the arrest of the HNYM members in Umstew is to prevent any tragic incident if they are allowed to enter the Umstew. the village of Majay.
Such cases have been found in hospitals and child care centres, but the disease is also very common in prisons, soldiers and among the disabled.
According to them, there are less than 1000 candidates in the state, of which 63 candidates from West Khasi Hills, more than 60 candidates from Jaintia Hills and more than 1000 candidates from Ribhoi. .
Speaking to reporters, Singh said this will clear up the villagers who allow foreigners to stay in their homes.
The 13 houses which have been temporarily suspended until the 12th of this month are the houses of Satyabrata Baidya, Ajit Dasgupta, BD Marbaniang, Mentok Ri Projects Pvt Ltd, Mohendro Rapsang, Beroline Khongshei, Saini Pala, Narayan Prasad Jhunjhunwala, Nilesh Tibrewalla, Manchin Fincon Pvt Ltd, Nicholas Wallang, Sanjay Jhunjhunwala and the family of Maruf Elahi.
It needs new intellectuals and scientists to solve these problems in order to wake it up from its sleep.
“Furthermore, it was suggested that the Government's initiative in terms of Insurance, Subsidy on the establishment of wildlife farms and to collect taxes on imported wildlife farms to increase revenue and that it will protect and encourage the state's wildlife breeders," the petition added.
In the video, a police chief was seen shooting at the child while he was driving from the scene.
To suggest an administrator rule just because the ruling NPP and UDP have lost power in KHADC is wrong.
The meeting will start at 11.30 pm at the Dorbar Hall of Jaïaw Shyiap with the chief guest.
After the distribution of the message from the Word of God, the choirs from the Youth Churches including Moopala Presbyterian Church, Demthring, Barato and the Standing Choir of KJP Synod Mihngi were also performed.
The CEO also launched the guidelines on VVPAT. The program was attended by Electoral Officer T Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner Peter S Dkhar, ADMs, BDOs. , SDOs, and political parties such as the UDP, HSPDP and others.
You have made many people thirsty, the youth are now thirsty and searching for the truth.
The rice was offered to atta, moida, and rice mills but not to the traders, while the rice was offered to recognized traders who bought from time to time.
Do not those companies/contractors know that during the rainy season, the rainfall in Meghalaya is heavy and it is necessary to build proper drains so that it does not affect the buildings? Who are the companies that have signed the agreement? Have you had any visits and inspections during the implementation of the tournament? If so, have you ever found cases of corruption and irregularities? If it is the fault of the company/contractor, has the government stipulated in the documents that the company/contractor will be responsible and paid? The penalty clause in the contract documents must be in place otherwise the companies/contractors will be exempt from paying the penalty if there is a breach of contract.
“I urge the Prime Minister to focus on the development works of the state and to implement the development works of the central government properly,” said the Tura MP.
“As a pastor, he cannot set the facts especially when talking to the media,” said Pastor Hynniewta. to reporters, because he also tells the truth.
He said the NPP also urges the government to ensure that the BDO should be released without any conditions immediately.
He said that the second threat to alcoholism is the increase in the number of people infected with HIV/AIDS which can result from the use of injectables while drinking drugs.
This includes EGH: 03 (Others) EJH: 91 (Others), EKH: 395 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –03, Others–392), RBD: 69 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –08, Others–61), NGH: 06 (Others), SGH: 07 (Others), SWGH: 19 (Others), SWKH: 04 (Others), WGH: 36 (Others), WJH: 91 (Others) and WKH: 34 (Others).
Also on Sunday, Taiwan reported that the presence of Chinese warplanes and warships had been spotted on the Taiwan border.
In another match, Nangkiewrat SC beat Lawsohtun 1-1
Garo is also spoken whether in Tura or Williamnagar or any part of Garo Hills.
After 8 hours, only small vehicles will be allowed to cross the bridge and on the day the bridge is lowered, no vehicles will be allowed to cross the bridge.
According to the last census, Christians are more numerous than other religious groups in Meghalaya, but there is a big question mark, why such a state is like this. ? In almost every part of society there is only destruction and destruction which has completely destroyed the image of the ancient nation and has left only shame and disgrace.
The 135 winners include Archery, Boxing (18), Football (18), Karate (84), Judo. (10 people), sports climbing & mountaineering (4 people).
Sanbor today accused Pala, Congress MP from Shillong, of not doing anything to bring about development in the state in the last five years, except to eat sohot outside Parliament.
In the Under-12 category, Bankitbok Ramsiej from Sakwang came second, Rangkatbor Mawlong from Pyndenumsaw came second and Besterson Jyrwa from Pyndenumsaw came second. Rangmaw came to three.
Vincent Pala, MP Shillong, was the chief guest.
Because of the lack of strength of Khla against Nairit, letters had to be spread in the fields.
The poem was first published by Banojyotsna Lahiri, a member of the Presidency University and JNU, who said the poem was written 120 years ago, according to the Bengali calendar.
Shillong, July 17: The United Democratic Party (UDP) is ready to replace Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Bah HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem as CEM and this is expected to happen in the coming days.
He strongly condemned the Assam Police for taking the law into their own hands.
Leaders of the Union led by BB Makdoh Chairman, PB Sylliang Secretary and Sen Thabah today handed over a letter to the EM of Mylliem Elaka, Bah Jambor War. to the Rangbah Shnongs is to strengthen the authority of the Rangbah Shnongs that any business activities must obtain NOC from the Hima and not from the Dorbar Shnong.
According to the report, in 2018-19, a farmer household in Meghalaya earned about T.29,348 per month while a farmer household in Punjab earned T.26,7
This step is part of the government's commitment to improve the quality of health care to the people of the state.
This time, we have not seen new lawyers to contest elections, prominent doctors and even prominent journalists of the country, to contest elections and this shows clearly that the India, these days, seems to want only actors, religious leaders and then the rich and if so, it shows that there is a danger that Parliament will become a resting place or a place to fight and make money by ignorant members.
The cleanliness drive was held on the occasion of Republic Day.
In the final match, Lumkhangdong Kyndong Tuber beat Nangbah Mooknor 3-2
I have asked the questions so that I can give to the Khasi Authors Society what I should do,” said Bah Pala.
Zenith Sangma said that from 2014 to 2019 more than 67,000 farmers have committed suicide and according to this figure, every hour one farmer commits suicide. you are alive.
Shillong: A man, today at noon, went to a shop in Mahadevkhola, to buy Amul Kool drink and said that he will pay back later. but when the seller did not believe him, he struck the seller with a sword.
Among other vendors, they said that the increase in the price of Piat in the market may be due to the smuggling to other states or even to Bangladesh, which has been brought here in the state and they do not believe. Others said that it is a shortage of piat, because when they went to buy from the traders in Paltan Bazar, they found that there was no shortage of piat. how the price of piat was increased.
In the 75th minute, Banehskhem scored the fourth goal, then before the end of the extra time, he scored the second goal (90+ 4 minutes). which is the group.
This service provides information and guidance on any needs related to the PDS service. The NFSS benefits 50.87% of the population in urban areas and 77.79% in rural areas.
There are people who blaspheme their parents without any reason, and to blaspheme without knowing it is wrong.
Before taking the remains of the two brothers to the cemetery, the Presbyterian Church Mawlangniang, West Khasi Hills, held a funeral service at the ground floor of the house of the two brothers. Rev. JT Khardewsaw was the Chairman.
They included leaders from the media, the State Commission for Women, NGOs, the State Human Rights Commission, and Bah Lyngdoh.
Expressing that the people of Songsak are fortunate to have Nihim as their leader who is ready to work for the people of Songsak, Conrad said, “Dr Mukul never comes to me.
Adelbert also strongly condemned the incident of disrupting the election campaign rally held by the NPP in Jaïaw, and urged the VPP supporters not to disrupt the election campaign rally. meetings of other political parties.
Children cannot yet understand the seriousness of such situations.
On the appointment of former Sordar Hindro Samakha as the leader of the Mynsaw raid, the EM of the Elaka will meet on the 22nd of this month to resolve these issues.
Hering replaced Santosh Kashyap as manager of Rangdajied United FC in 2014 but has managed only five games of the season. playing.
In the presence of the principal of the school, Phila Rynjah, pastors, elders, members of the school managing committee, parents, students and other other.
Jowai: U Moonlight Pariat has resigned as the Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today.
According to the union, all the rules have been followed to acquire the land and since previous years, the district authorities have been requested to provide land for the construction of the union's headquarters.
The shortage of nurses has forced others to work overtime in the midst of the crisis,” said MGNSA General Secretary B Thabah in a letter sent to the Principal Secretary in charge of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on Friday.
“There is no talk of the Autonomous District Councils, there is no talk of the Hima which the Government has already passed.
The KSU urges all those who have registered to attend the meeting so that the event will run smoothly.
The KSU said that IIM is an educational institution and not a place of entertainment and demanded from the authorities to improve the behavior of the students of IIM and from now on the KSU will continue to improve the behavior of the students. read this bag read.
Sambormi Lyngdoh President of the EJNC, one of the groups under the banner of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, said that the reason why the jaitbynriew is so weak is because the secretariat is filled with only those traders and officials. Saipan.
At the same time, they said that since the contractor has completed the construction of the bridge, they have a high hope that next year the vehicles will be able to pass, because soon the bridge will be built. open the door.
Pynursla Jymmang 06: The shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih by the Border Security Force (BSF) has brought shocking and unbelievable news to the family members of Bah Roning Nongkynrih. this is the news.
However, now that the Meghalaya Land Transfer Amendment Act, 1991 has come into force, foreigners are allowed to buy land without ceiling.
The award was presented today at the opening ceremony of the five-day National Integration Camp from 23rd to 27th of this month at the Meghalaya Scout & Guide Campus Shillong. Sanjay Goyal Deputy Commissioner EKH District as the Symbud Kong San was the Chief Guest and also in the presence of the Superintendent of Police East. Khasai Hills is not far away.
However, he later defected from the Congress and became the first MP to be removed from his membership under the party's constitution.
Nongstoiñ, June 18: Drug trafficking in Nongstoiñ has increased despite the fierce struggle of the village authorities and police to curb it.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 60597 out of which 54875 have recovered and 1014 have died.
On the other hand, Lydia's love for Hep has grown stronger and she doesn't want to be away from him.
When a young girl drops out of school part-time and gets married and if her husband leaves her after she has two children, where will she go to earn a living? She has to earn a living and her children are left with neighbors or relatives.
He said that such tournaments can be held later and not now when many families have been deprived of their rights.
I asked the journalists whether there are two BJP Mandals in Sohra Mandal.
Shillong: Various political parties in East Jaintia Hills District including the EJNC, JSM, JSU, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF, after receiving news that the State Government has decided to dismiss U The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Jaintia Hills District, has held an emergency meeting to discuss the proposal of the State Government. The State Government to transfer the DC of EJHD, on the grounds that the Sengbhalang from EJHD, have a vision that the transfer of officers, before the expiry of their term of office, will delay and delay. development works within the District.
He said that the implementation of the containment measure will start from 1st July 2021 from 5 pm to 5 pm on 10th July
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul congratulated the party for coming forward to surrender and this is an example for other rebel groups to come forward to bring peace. relationship.
“Of course I came to ask for donation, I didn't demand, these are my friends, they are not members of the party, I just invited them to come with me,” said Tenstar Shylla.
However, Caroline Colony struggled to turn the tide and it was through the second half that Famous Pasleiñ scored the first goal in the 65th minute. The match ended 1-1
“At the meeting, the DC informed that she can no longer issue the order as this order is also part of the implementation of the order of the Meghalaya High Court,” he said.
According to HANM, the road connecting Bilahari to Mawdongki is bad and has affected the people especially during the rainy season.
He said that with the cooperation, it will be ensured that Shylla will win the 2023 MLA election from Sutnga Saipung.
The Seng has recommended that any advertised jobs should be completed within 1 year from the date of vacancy announcement.
We have to understand ourselves, the talent we have, and what kind of future we want.
Furthermore, the foreigner has admitted that he is a resident of Shillong but he used to speak against the Khasi people from outside the state.
Leviticus 25:11- The fiftieth year shall be a jubilee unto you; thou shalt not sow, neither shalt thou reap the things that grow of themselves; neither shalt thou gather the grapes of my vine, which thou hast not cut down.
The Regional Committee headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh as Chairman will leave for West Khasi Hills to meet and discuss the demarcation of the second phase.
The Durbar Shnong informs all the residents of Mawdiangum Village to take this as an information to take action and also those who own land in Mawdiang Village to come and meet the Rangbah Shnong. or Secretary Shnong before that date or you can also contact us on
Not only that, he said that in the evening, the Bangladeshis used to come to Dawki to steal stones, ships and other items. They could steal by cutting with a sword these chains and cords that held the ships and take back the ships.
Although the MDA government has increased the number of Village Employment Councils (VECs) in all areas, many Village Employment Councils (VECs) have expressed their loss of confidence in the MDA government as the 100 days bill has been in place for more than three years. The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) has been implemented in many villages in West Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, MLA Saleng Sangma also supported James' statement that it is the government's bias towards Garo Hills.
“We have not received any reply from the HPC but when the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong returns to the state, we will set a date for the meeting,” he said. “The reason why the HPC has not responded is to ask the HPC leaders why it has not responded and it is their duty to respond,” he said.
The two were identified as Sadrollah Fazeli Zare and Youssef Mehrdad.
Meghalaya's State Gross Domestic Product (SGDP) is the highest in the North East.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Najim said that the policy of the Government has surprised the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi on the announcement of the Government to open the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division while the Minister The Rangbah has suspended the opening on the 24th as a sign of condolences for the deaths of four persons in Mukroh.
Perhaps the NLCN sees a gap between the urban and rural areas.
The festival was inaugurated by the TMC candidate from Shillong North Kong Elgiva Rynjah who congratulated the TMC youth for organizing such a festival known as the 'Winds of Change Festival' ' for the past three days.
Therefore, the time is now for us to end this kind of destructive politics.
The Cabinet meeting today approved the reduction in the tax on petrol and diesel and approved the new tax rate at the same time.
On the other hand, the JSU sends its greetings and wishes to all the people that through this celebration of Behdeinkhlam we will receive many blessings from the TreKirot Kynrad in the field of health. , work, education and welfare in society as a whole.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Chairman of MSMA, Bah DR Ranee and awarded by Bah John Khyriem, a leader who has helped MAKO to establish a Kickboxing Ring. part of the making of this game.
Meanwhile, Bluebell, although she is a new leader, will be able to play her part in replacing Roshan Warjri as Minister of Home Affairs.
“We are not saying that this is our failure, but there is a hand from behind,” said the VPP chief. There was heavy rain and strong wind, but in Byrnihat there was no rain at all and the sky was clear.
On the same day, a clash between the people and the police in front of the Governor's House after the people tried to stand at the gate of the Governor's House.
We have asked them to reduce the interest rate and the price but all this has not happened.
He was the Minister of Finance in 2008-09 and the Leader of the Opposition in 2009-1
Shillong: The State Government has decided to increase the price of Diesel by 50 paisa across the State, and this increase is to generate more revenue for the Government.
In the 55 kg category, Merisha Thongni (Seng Khasi College) defeated Jolene V Diengdoh (St.Edmund's College).
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said Kamrup Metro District has 283 cases, Nagaon has 211 cases, Kamrup Rural District has 210 cases and Sonitpur district has 210 cases. there are 132 cases.
Now, when harvesting the sohniamtra, if it is not sold immediately, it remains empty and disappears.
New Delhi: More than 70 international flights of Air India Express have been suspended due to leave of absence. , because they got sick, according to the report.
There is nothing wrong with you, there is nothing wrong with you; The raw and the chyoh, the thngan and the kpoh.
The purpose of this is to provide services to the people of the state and to bring justice to all.
New Delhi: Three years have passed since the government imposed a lockdown due to the covid-19 pandemic. Well, the rules of covid, in which there are those who are mentally ill and then, there are also those who have difficulty, in ringing and breathing themselves, those who live anxiously and depressed, in their lives.
The MDA Government has agreed that this long pending work should be completed in consultation with the KHADC, Mylliem Hima and the Municipal, before taking a final decision as soon as possible.
He also expressed his pride that Umden-Diwon area in Raid Nongtluh has been selected as the Eri Silk Village in the state to showcase to the world that this area is a strong place for the production of ryndia. , the silk industry and this visit of experts from the Central Silk Board will be an opportunity for the silk farmers that the central government will continue to introduce more schemes for the development of this industry in the state especially this is Ri-Bhoi.
He said that farmers can take advantage of various schemes and programs where the subsidy is very high.
Where can the leaders give money every day to the people who go for help?
Any person who violates the rules of the Solid Waste Management Rules 2016 and Plastic Waste Management Rules 2016 will be punished under section 45 (A) of the Water Prevention and Control of Pollution Act. Act 1974 which includes imprisonment for three months or a fine of T.10,000 or both and may also continue with a fine of T.5,000 per day for violators.
Dr Mukul said the main issues discussed at the meeting included the border dispute, the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 introduced by the BJP and others.
The speech of these two MLAs was to call upon the people to work together to bring about a change in the transparency of governance, the election of Nongmihkhmat in a clean and fair manner. ap money before electing a leader.
He first raped the 14-year-old girl inside the Police Station on 13th October 2013 and the second time on 14th October 2013 and then raped the 17-year-old girl on 31st October
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed two deaths today from West Khasi Hills District. 1597 people.
In an interview with the author, the Pastor quotes the Bible, saying, “Whosoever worshippeth the beast, and his image, receiveth the mark of his name. , from the hand to the forehead, he shall fall into the wrath of God, he shall fall into the wrath of God, by fire and by brimstone.
I say this because I know that if the people vote for me as an MLA, I will have to live within the limits. I don't want to fight with anyone for the implementation of contract works.
The Chief Minister said that 1046 people have been sent for testing and 904 people have been negative and 130 people have not yet received their results.
The State has also taken steps to resolve and overcome those problems in the implementation of development projects.
Speaking to media at the NPP headquarters today, NPP Spokesperson and Secretary Bajop Pyngrope said the NPP has a desire to preserve and recognize the The culture and customs of the indigenous peoples of Meghalaya are not like the AITC which wants to destroy and destroy the culture and customs of the indigenous people of Meghalaya.
So far, the HNLC leaders have met four times with the government to discuss before there is a formal talks.
Senior Advocate Meenakshi Arora represented the Association.
Animal feeds and supplies shops, petrol and diesel and SK oil shops, stationary shops and torch light shops , emergency lights, shatri and rain coats shops, yeast and fertilizer shops, milk shops and pesticides & insecticides shops, seeds and seedlings shops ), truck shops on highways, electrical shops, couriers services and Common Services Center (CSC's), handmade shops (khoh, star, mohkhiew, wait etc).
About the verse-“ Ri Khasi Ri Khasi, I have mercy on youThe darkness of Satan has covered the land of God remember us”I don't see that there will be any criticism of but he speaks of that thanksgiving by the demons, in which the land is covered with darkness by the powers of Satan.
“There is no one who supports such incidents but what has happened is too much and to make such incidents a political issue is even more dangerous,” said Amit Shah.
Recently, such an incident has happened in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam, so the District Magistrate has ordered to look into this.
The time will come when the mining of stone, soil and shyiap will be banned immediately by the NGT if the landowners are not vigilant, think carefully and if they do not pay attention.
Children need to be taught with love and not with coercion, they need to be allowed to express their feelings and to be helped with their uniqueness.
“On November 16, 2021 and November 8, 2022, the party sent a letter to the CBI and ED to investigate the corruption but there has been no investigation and Amit Shah has confirmed that there is no corruption in Meghalaya,” said Donbok.
, and to say “U Jaintia” should refer to any person who lives in Jaintia, regardless of his or her ethnicity.
During the youth week, many kinds of games were held to entertain from children to adults including futsal, dartspot, tan tylle, badminton, carrom board and draft.
Pace bowler Shavian Blah scored 4/69 in 19 overs.
As is evident from Letter No. 2503 P, dated Simla, that Marbisu may become part of the “ Mylliem State because once upon a time Marbisu was part of Mylliem State.
In the first half, the match between the two teams was very friendly with no goal scored.
At the CADC meeting, a moment of silence was also held in memory of the three former MDCs who passed away.
“He said the distribution of these pesticides to different villages so that the villages can have the opportunity to spray these pesticides themselves in their own villages to kill the pests.
Gratitude was expressed to the Pastors, Elders of the Presbyterian Church, leaders of the Church of God Ummulong, Seventh Day Adventist Ummulong, Niamtre Ummulong and all the residents of Ummulong.
Shangpung and Jowai Elaka have been handed over to the Administrative Officer, JHADC has been handed over to the Administrative Officer. F Land.
He said that the party has already announced 16 candidates and in the coming days the party will announce more candidates.
In a letter sent to the DC through Environment Secretary Apdame Papiah, the HYC said that the residents have complained about the pollution of the drinking water supply from the discharge of waste from these factories into these two rivers.
Shillong: The Youth Leadership and Community Development Training has come to an end on the 18th July 2019 which started on the 16th July 2019 at Phramer Village organized by the Diakonia Social and Community Development. Society of the Shangpung Youth Assembly, in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Center Jowai.
Nidaioh Dhar of Mukhla Evergreen won the Top Scorer title and Dawanbiang Passah of Nangbah Iawmusiang won the Player of the Tournament title.
c Khasi – Jaintia 40 percent Garo is not independent.
The MSCSO in collaboration with the Swachh Bharat Mission, East Jaintia Hills has cleaned up the surrounding areas, roads and streets in Moopyniein.
It is not surprising that there are those who come every day from places up to 20 or 30 kilometers away to go to school every day in Shillong.
She was killed at 2 am and her body was thrown into the water in the evening.
Because if these laws apply in the District Council courts, it means that the power and authority of the District Councils to protect the indigenous people has been weakened.
Pynursla constituency, formerly known as Langkyrdem constituency, where BB Lyngdoh was one of the former government leaders who held the constituency.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Voluntary Health Association of Meghalaya (VHAM) will be investigated for allegedly misusing funds donated by the National Aids Control Society (NACO). MACS has been in existence for 2 years.
D.Rapsang, Deputy Director of NYKS, Shillong, explained the activities of the department by inviting NGOs to join or affiliate with the department so that they can carry out the activities to contribute to the department. society in various sectors.
Among those killed in the Hamas attack in Israel on Saturday, 10 were Nepalese citizens who were part of the Israeli group.
There are many reasons why Rajendra Singh did not work.
The border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam has been going on for a long time and the previous governments especially the Congress governments of Meghalaya and Assam have not been able to reach the goal. promised to rectify the border issue within 45 days of taking over as prime minister in 2010.
“Thei Deng, don't take the plate, I'll eat it as soon as my mother finishes it,” ordered Gracia.
Recently, the Union Home Minister – Amit Shah during his visit to Manipur (29 June – 1 July), issued a warning against the Kuki armed groups. They must comply with the rules of social order if they do not want the Central Government to take strong measures against them.
The KSU's demand came after the University Grants Commission (UGC) issued a notice for the post of Ph.D.
Paul Lyngdoh said the PAC has summoned the officials of the department to learn about the ways and means and how they have progressed in the implementation of the water supply scheme which has been delayed for a long time.
JOWAI: A day after the Minister of Transport, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar expressed his support to Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, joint candidate of the MDA (MDA) for the MP election, followed by former Chief Executive Member of the JHADC Ma Madonbai Rymbai to express their support to the Congress candidate Ma Madonbai Rymbai. Vincent H Pala but as a friend and a good man and not as a Congress candidate.
Bah PT is still trying to promote Modi.
The funeral service will be held on the 29th April 2022 at 1:30 pm at the Rymbai Presbyterian Church Pampyrthad.
Shillong: The Miss Meghalaya Organization, under the banner of the Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society, has announced that 18 contestants have been selected for the Miss Meghalaya pageant and 19 contestants for the Miss Teen Meghalaya pageant.
However, these plastics are not allowed to be used and the government has been in talks with Dalmia Cement to take them and use them to generate electricity, he said.
The price of oil at Shangpung SK Outlet will be 82.00 per litre.
Meanwhile, the NPP has announced the names of two women candidates for the upcoming MP elections – Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong Parliamentary constituency and the incumbent MP, Agatha K. Sangma. and Tura Parliamentary constituency.
Deaf people face many difficulties due to the lack of people who know and understand their language in society.
Therefore, we come before your Honor to request and at the same time to urge the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare headed by you to please build or repair the Hospital for the benefit of the patient. “If the PHC Dawki is closed down, many problems will arise for the people of the area especially during this time of COVID-19,” said the letter. HNYF to the Symbud Chief Minister of the State.
The number of cases has also increased in Jaiaw with 11 cases, Laban with 4 cases, Mawprem with 3 cases, Mawkhar with 2 cases, Pynthorbah with 5 cases and Lummawbah with 4 cases.
The source said that security forces have been strengthened in the area by using Commando Police with adequate equipment especially at night and when the sky is not clear. good.
He said that online education will continue and schools will allow only half of the teachers and non-teachers to attend schools.
I don't have any comment but it is up to the EC how to give time to the committee to implement,” said Chyne.
He also hopes for the best for all the participants of the tournament.
Fredrick Kharmawphlang said that due to the night school examinations and to ensure the smooth running of the examinations, the night curfew on the 20th and 21st of this month will start from 9 pm. in the evening and will end at 5 pm.
Andy, who has won three Grand Slams following his victory in Surbiton last month, has won the tournament. He improved his style of play to beat Frenchman Arthur Cazaux 6-4, 6-4 to win the tournament without missing a single goal. set fight.
Because they are a political party, it is not easy to win the MP election, especially those who speak only one word, they have to help the people in many areas and they also need to provide services that improve the quality of life. the public.
They have come to the capital to force the central government to accept their demands, as they have demanded in 2020-'21 and one of these is the demand for a minimum Support Price.
“This ban announced through the media is excessive and against the provisions of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women Act, 2005,” she said.
Why don't the indigenous people anymore or no one can hold this position?” said the FKJGP Leader. Expressing his disappointment that the MDCs are not able to understand the meaning of the Sixth Schedule, he said. The District Councils are the protectors of the Jaidbynriew.
The four armed group members who were arrested on that day were handed over to the police stations of the areas where they were arrested for further investigation.
(This article is my personal opinion and has nothing to do with the organization I work for).
Nongpoh: The residents of Baridua and Khanapara, have expressed their deep sorrow over the increasing power outages in the area, which has caused serious problems. to the inhabitants of the area.
He said that as an MP, he had raised and spoken on this issue in Parliament for the early implementation of the ILP in the state.
Mostopha Kabir is a former member of the NPP and a social worker.
She also explained that the implementation of the Act in Manipur has affected the people.
“Behold, God is great, and we know him not: the number of his years is unsearchable, and his years are without number. to be new)" Job 36:2
Reports from Tripura said the police did not give any warning to the protesters before shooting them but said the shooting was sudden.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Babu Birbor Riangtem, leader of the group, said that the first issue is that if we look at the schools in Meghalaya, according to the Meghalaya School Education Act and will be severely affected in 2022, due to the shortage of teachers.
The match was very friendly, in which the players from all sides tried to score but all in vain.
How happy we are to see that our fellow citizens have come forward to sell even the shana khleh.
According to the KSU leaders, the project is for 18 villages but the information they have received is only for 5 villages and these are Manad, Mawbidong. , Mount Mawbah, Priesthood and Society.
The residents led by the Waheh Shnong, Bah Director Pohthmi and Bah Minus Marten together with the women welcomed the members of the Council with joy and traditional costumes.
They said that most of the small trucks or pick up vehicles in Upper Shillong are operating only from village to village like Mylliem to 7 mer, 5 mer, Sadew and so on. but they still have to pay the tax at the rate of T.50 tyngka.
Swamy also acknowledged that the BJP will soon implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), which is a law that has been passed by the Supreme Court for the past 70 years. as well as Article 44 of the Constitution.
The Petroleum Dealers' Association of Meghalaya (PDAM) has decided to continue to import oil from Assam despite the threat of the North East Petroleum Major Union (NEPMU) not to supply oil to the state from Tuesday. .
He said that the illegal land grabbing in the Khanduli area has been carried out by the exploiters from Meghalaya.
“The State Government has rejected all the demands which we have put before the Government and instead the Government has submitted a proposal from them. We cannot take any decision now we will have to hold a meeting on this first and we will take a decision”.
The HNYF distributed these equipment on the 31st of this month.
In reply, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, promised the House that the Government will take immediate action on receipt of any complaint.
“Dear all, just to inform that I have tested positive for Covid-19 and initiating home isolation as per guidelines,” said Lav Agrawal.
However, when I read another Khasi newspaper published on September 2011, the story was different.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the State Election Committee (SEC) by the party leader, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Monday.
Therefore, if the rules issued by the ECI say that one person one vote, it is illegal that each person can vote two or three times or as many as he likes, but that too depends. the ECI will not decide.
The Dorbar also directs all the Headmans and Sordars of all the border and neighboring villages to publicly announce this in their villages once again as directed in the past years. left.
Other goals were scored by Romarius Laban in the 76th minute and Rimonki Lamurong in the 90th+5th minute. 87 by the Holy Spirit.
After playing seven matches, Meghalaya has reached the fourth position out of seven teams in the table with a win of three matches and a defeat of three matches. stay.
Also present on the occasion were the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Dr W. Kharshiing, Dr R. Thangkhiew, MLA of Shillong West, Bah M Rapsang, women's organizations and others.
On this occasion, 2480 garbage bins were distributed to 1240 households in Jaiaw Laitdom.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: On the 13th of this month, Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the police that 14 residents of Mawtepiew have received ration cards and these 14 residents are also on the list. Shillong, Jymmang 14: The election of the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) will be more thorough due to the nomination of many candidates. , who are eager to take over the post of party leader.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Balajied Ranee MDC, RM Kurbah Deputy Commissioner Ri-Bhoi District. Dr. CM Pohshna along with other dignitaries, doctors, nurses and staff of the hospital.
The Assistant Parish Priest of Nongpoh Parish, FrG Jalong in the presence of the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, opened the ceremony. , KSU North Khasi Hills District President Ferdinand Kharkamni, HNYF President Marcus Marten, S. Syngkli, NPP Nongpoh Block Working President S. Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh together with other elders.
However, we have not received any word, the Bill was passed by the KHADC on 26th March
“On the 28th we will hold a review meeting at 10 pm.
The looting itself is something that cannot be explained in human terms, because it has been thlen since before the election.
Both the matches are from Group-A. The age of the players who will take part in the District Level Subroto Mukherjee Football Cup to be held in West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, has been held. The members of the Screening Committee shall be invited by some of the teachers.
Meghalaya has 3923 SHGs in 21 Block in 1194 Villages and 39230 households.
Shillong: Thousands of tourist vehicles have landed in the Pynursla-Dawki area yesterday. It is said that it is in the area before entering the Wah Umngot Bridge.
At the same time, he said that if anything happens to the health of Bah Ardent, the government should take responsibility.
For that reason, I would say that these documents have been submitted and not verified by the documents issued by the Revenue Department from time to time.
The Church Leader, Bah RG Dkhar, while honoring these founders of the Church, told the stories of the founding of the Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church.
“The BJP will suffer a huge defeat in the state because the people have understood the BJP's strategy,” she said.
Laitumkhrah police seized the vehicle and fined Mukesh T.22,0
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the RBYF Women Wings Umsning Circle, today at 7 pm, arrested six foreigners who were riding in a Bolero. undocumented foreigners and those who intend to enter the state.
“I am happy to be appointed as a minister and as a new constituency, and through this appointment, I will be able to help the constituency and the state,” he said.
However, he said that if the ULFA rejects the terms of the draft agreement, the date for the signing of the soskular can be extended.
Bah Roning Nongkynrih is survived by two young children and his wife and the family demanded that there should be a fair trial and that the Government should do something about it. part of your family.
Shillong: The STIEH, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad, to express their support for the Khasi Social Bill. The Custom Lineage (Second Amendment) Bill 2018 prohibits Khasi girls who marry foreigners from benefiting from the Schedule Tribe.
Wahlang said that the biscuits have started to grow well these days and in the past few months if you harvest twice a month you can get 50 to 90 kilos but these days from the same. If the rynsan is harvested twice a day, it can produce 50 to 100 kilos per harvest but it is no longer profitable because even the traders who come to buy it don't benefit anymore especially if it is far from the main road.
If the BJP leaders do not do anything about Ao's statement, it means that they have agreed with Ao's statement and it will be a big challenge for the party to come to power in the state from here. chess in which the people will no longer believe what they say and will accept that it is just an election campaign which has no basis at all.
The condition of this road after the departure of the companies which have left the work, not only has caused inconvenience to the passengers, but has also put in danger as the deterioration has been excessive. in the time of the rain, you don't know whether the snow is big or small.
The driver of the truck fled the scene without coming out. The family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint. They were arrested at Nongstoin Police Station.
In the meeting, the leaders of Garo Hills urged the Governor to take action to call for talks with the rebel groups in Garo Hills so that peace can come.
Lambokstarwell Marngar urged the government that besides the eight persons arrested, the police should arrest all those involved in the attack in Ichamati on 28th June
The program will include 3 ADGs, 3 IGPs and one DIG. The program will be held at 7 police stations, Sadar Police Station, Laitmukhrah Police Station. , Madanriting Police Station, Rynjah Police Station, Laban Police Station, Mawlai Police Station and Lumdiengjri Police Station.
He said that in fact the road is very important for the development and income of the residents, but if the contractors who are implementing the road do not take this seriously, it will not matter even if they do. they shall come with a little spirit.
In this regard, the Court has postponed the hearing to allow the Government and the HPC to resolve the matter.
In the final, the match was beautiful and friendly, and until the end of the 45 minutes of the first half there was nothing to separate the score.
Not only that, God created the trees, the shrubs, the plants, and everything in it by His command. they see and experience all His blessings, as you all are witnesses of the creation and creation of the Lord God.
Police are conducting a search operation to track down the suspects.
Those who deceive and mislead those who lack knowledge.
More than 2500 people attended the two-day event, who had the opportunity to meet and discuss many issues related to their traditional religion.
The presence of these companies will lead to pollution of the environment and the area and this will endanger the health of the people.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lambor Malngiang, Chairman of the State Planning Board, said that there is a village in Jaintia Hills, near Ratacherra. Assam has been in power until today, but the Chief Minister of Assam has said that the land will be transferred to Meghalaya immediately.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the spokesperson of the group, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that the meeting was called by the political parties according to the letter. They don't understand what the government will call for talks because it has just said to amend the 6th Schedule without mentioning which part to amend.
Speaking to the media, after paying tribute to the leader, the Governor said that Dr Donkupar Roy has shown his leadership in the works of the people. He said that in these leadership positions he has held the post of Chief Minister of the state, as President of the UDP party and as Speaker of the House.
She strongly condemned or once again condemned this action of the Government of India.
The medals will be awarded tomorrow on Saturday, followed by the women's cross country and downhill events for both men and women.
However, even here we see that many of the youth of the country have to go to work outside the State because the Government cannot attract or bring in companies to build Five Star Hotels, Amusement Parks and others. to build roads for the employment of the youth of the country.
Therefore, in this regard, the government has sent to the Advocate General of the state, to consider the matter and only after that the government will take action in this regard.
He said that before they bring a strong protest, they should prepare well so that they can bring a strong protest and that the current protest will not fail and will not. The Government of India can be forced to grant the ILP to Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: U Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki, MDC Umroi, today inaugurated the River View Eco Tourism at Umden Umsaitprah, Ri Bhoi District.
Therefore, our country India also has its own laws and regulations to curb evils in society.
At the same time, he encouraged the members of the Circle, by saying that from now on they should help more and more people who are poor and in need.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, presented the report in the House on Thursday.
Although the incident happened in Mylliem area, the man drove them away and it was when they reached 7Mer that they were arrested because there was a search operation by the police.
Thus we put on the life of humanity and came to earth to earn righteousness, not to deceive or deceive or to destroy and kill the souls and lives of others.
Therefore, we cannot say that the French have given us.
The KSU has witnessed with their own eyes the hard work of various government employees and has found that the fight against corona virus has been very difficult in which all the 24 hour health workers are involved. to work and they have allocated four people each to work and to spray medicine on all the vehicles that come in.
The laws and regulations of the state which were intended to protect the indigenous people, have instead become a stumbling block to the foreigners.
In the hearing, the Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Umat Nath Singh and Justice TNK Singh also ordered the CBI to conduct an investigation into the MUDA officials involved in the issuance of approval, to build these illegal houses and should submit a report by 15th March to the court.
Speaking in the presence of Kong Roshan, DGP Rajiv Mehta said the government will not talk to the insurgents but they should come and surrender.
Rupang: Bah Shullai, what is your dream if you reach your goal? Sanbor Shullai: There are many, the first is growth.
He said the Assam government has also requested the central government for an independent inquiry into the incident.
KSAN: Indian Navy divers have recovered another body from a coal mine in Ksan, East Jaintia Hills at 3 pm on Saturday. to remove the body until the writing of this message.
In the Under-17 women's category, North Liberty HSS vs Little Flower HSS, Police Public SS vs Lumpyrtuh SS, Ri War COG vs Moodymmai SS and Kiang Nangbah HSS vs Jowai Govt UP RMSA. The remaining matches will be played on Friday.
The BSF had agreed to move further away, but yesterday, when the JCB arrived, they turned around and said, “Why are you digging the road? three within 150 yards,” said Bah Kmen.
In the public meeting, which includes the people, these customs should be empowered by the Sengkur, after being approved by the Dorbar Dalariti according to the law.
Though they hear, they hear, but they cannot understand.
Because it has been seen that these days the thinking among the people is not good and they don't think too much about others but only to improve themselves.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday, July 19, 2023 under the leadership of Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President and Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh General Secretary, Post Office Shillong, Meghalaya to protest against the distribution of letters by Gramin Dak Sewak (GDS) who have about 6 foreigners in West Khasi Hills, namely in Byrki, Jaidoh, Mawlieh, Nongtynniaw, Nongkasen and Shirkon.
“I have already visited the work,” said the Minister while speaking as the Chief Guest at the celebration of Wildlife Week 2022 at Phang Nonglait Park. Hydari Park.
He said that he and all the supporters of Kimfa S. Marbaniang and Bajop Pyngrope, after receiving information that Kimfa has been suspended from the Congress, They don't like them anymore because when they come to their village they don't know how to speak Garo but they speak Hindi.
Government Ministers and other authorities shall not be paid from the Government funds from the time of the announcement of the election by the Head of State; and6.
Speaking to u Bah Daniel on this issue, he asked what is the difference between the union led by Bah Aristotle C Rymbai and the union led by Bah L.Marngar which are the unions of SSA teachers. Daniel said that there are many differences and it is too long to talk by telephone but one thing is that Aristotle's organization is a membership organization not only teachers but members include from teachers. The School Managing Committee, the parents of the students while the committee led by Bah Marngar is composed of teachers.
Shillong Lajong will play their final match of the tournament against the Reliance Foundation Young Champs on the 1st of June.
I have never heard marriage planners tell us all those reasons, why we get married.
This initiative is in line with our mission to improve education opportunities in Meghalaya.
He supported Babu Frank M. Pugh and Prof. RS Lyngdoh in providing the requirements of Khasi subjects such as elective, MIL and honours.
“From the current situation in Assam, it is clear that there is a great threat to Assam if the Citizenship Amendment is not implemented,” said Shah.
In the final, WKHDCA failed to tied first and scored 102 runs for the loss of 8 wickets in 20 overs.
The stamp was issued by the Registrar of Geographical Indications, GI Chennai.
Titostarwell Chyne said that the Executive Committee led by Titostarwell Chyne has made it clear that there will be no NOC issued in connection with the mining of uranium or anything else. He said that they stand on the ground that they cannot issue the NOC in relation to uranium.
The installation of these ropeways at Lum Shyllong will enable tourists from all over the world to see the beauty of Shillong and the beauty of the surrounding nature.
The construction of the Septage Management Plant at Marten is underway.
Tarun Vijay has sent a letter to the National Commission of India saying that the Khasi who belong to the Niam Tynrai have been deprived of their rights as minorities while others who are high paid have benefited.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Balendra Kumar Das said that the University has organized such a big chess tournament to encourage talented youth in the sport. Chess.
He said that education in these days is very important, and it is for this reason that the state government is turning its attention to the education department so that the youth can get adequate education.
In any case, the CM speaks English to the villagers.
The candidates who attended the public hearing included the recently resigned MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum who will contest on the VPP ticket, Dr. Aman War, former DHS from the VPP ticket. UDP, retired police officer Mariahom Kharkrang, MLA and former minister, JA Lyngdoh from Congress, Pastor Kyrsoi Pyrtuh from KAM and independent candidate Michael Kharsyntiew.
In the incident which happened in Kyndong Tuber, a 40-year-old man committed suicide by hanging himself in his room.
He said that the entry of foreigners into Meghalaya is due to the fact that it borders with Bangladesh and Assam where people enter and leave easily if there is no proper law to curb this.
As it has been seen that the state is in short supply of jobs for the youth, the government has tried to find ways and means by conducting such training programs which can support the lives and future of the youth. of the youth of the state, said Suchen.
“At the meeting I had with the Union Minister, he was very pleased with what I conveyed to him and it is on that basis that the villages that have escaped from the The first to implement the scheme will be in Nongpoh and it will be implemented in other parts of the state,” he added.
The purpose of this is to prevent the high paid and foreigners from other parts of India from entering the North East, especially the tribal areas. Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Nagaland, Tripura and Mizoram.
Shillong: Meghalaya for the first time has received an electric railway line running 22.823 km from Mendipathar and 34.59 km from Abhayapuri to Pancharatna.
As the MUDA Act to implement 50 kms radius to convert non-tribal land.
There are 300,000 people in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, about 300,000 people living in rep.
Sarma also informed that there are new candidates who will contest the upcoming elections.
The march will start from the Jaiaw Shyiap Dorbar Hall and end at Madan Student.
According to police sources, Bah Shullai said that he had parked his vehicle (AS-01H 1458) near the Guest House of NEHU in Mawlai.
Shukla also announced that on the 5th of March, the ABVP will celebrate Rani Durga Wati Jayanti across the country in all schools.
“We advise women with diabetes to contact the diabetes care team if they are poor at this time of diabetes,” said Mathew Hobbs.
He said the party strongly opposes foreign powers to interfere in the uranium industry.
Meghalaya finished second in Group A while Nagaland topped Group B and will face Manipur in the final on Monday.
“The existence of the District Council strengthens the customs and traditions that we as a nation have, we have Hima, we have Dorbar Shnongs which support the Khadar rule according to the Khadar. Our traditional customs and all these have remained until now because of the District Council, if there is no District Council I don't know what will happen to our country.
First, he visited Teliamura Sub Division, near Krishnapur and Sourav Das, DCM gave information on education and skills development opportunities.
N Shylla Project Coordinator HWH SURE, said that the shelter will accommodate patients who have completed their treatment at Sanker or MIMHANS before returning home.
When asked about the allegation that the BJP will use money to buy MLAs after the elections, Shangpliang said, “Let the elections end first and see how much we get.
However, on the other hand, Kong RM Kurbah, expressed her concern that as the days go by, the number of accidents has increased, because as in Ri Bhoi, the number of accidents has increased. When investigating the cause, it was found that many of these accidents are due to the rudeness of the drivers, besides the overturning of vehicles, drunk driving, the use of mobile phones and others.
The suspect, 31, is from Karimganj, Assam and was driving a Mahindra Scorpio (MZ-01-D-6
In this regard, I would like to clarify that until now the Party has not taken a decision on whom to nominate as candidates in these elections; The candidates will be decided and announced in due course,” said Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, VPP Spokesperson. ), informed that students of all streams who wish to continue their studies in universities or colleges in the country need to sit for the Central Universities Entrance Test. so that they can be admitted to institutions for their higher degrees.
Jesus is the last ship to which man must flee to escape the wrath of God that is soon to come.
The conclusion is that the work on the road has been too slow and the company has failed to complete the deadline by November
The BSP said that during this year, the BSF seized 7433 bottles of phensedyl from across the Indo-Bangladesh border. They shall be punished according to the rules and regulations to prevent such illegal activities from time to time.
Thoughts are pure and free, there is no confusion, life is peaceful, life is only with nature with a firm trust in God the Creator.
If this inspection by these road inspectors is true and approved by the government, for the purpose of improving and upgrading this road, it will be a real joy and a memorable one forever. The people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi, for many decades, have suffered from a bad road full of snow.
Jowai, July 25: The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, CS Syrti, MPS, today said that the body of an elderly man identified as Skan Ryngkhlem has been found.
China has also shown a picture showing that it has fired these powerful missiles.
However, the ethnic groups in the North East because they are against the fact that the state is closed to the environment and the government has set rules to protect according to the Constitution, so they are less likely to be overwhelmed by the that heavy.
“A Committee on Farmer Issue was also set up on 23rd June 2019 under the leadership of Pyniaid Syiem as Chairman to listen to the grievances of the farmers in the market.
We are very grateful for your contribution.
Finance Minister Piyush Goyal has presented the final budget of the Government of India ahead of the 2019 MP elections.
Furthermore, this village has received the 100 days scheme (MNGERY) from Mawshynrut Block; IWDP and Soil; jhur and riewhadem seeds from Agriculture, a few sewage bins from SBM, Asha from Health and Social Welfare received an Anganwadi worker.
It is reported that some children aged 12 years old were injured.
Replying to a supplementary question by Sohra MLA Titosstarwell Chyne, Bah Lyngdoh said the government has extended the term of the GHADC for six months because it has an agreement with the ANVC. The government has taken all necessary measures to bring peace in Garo Hills,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
However, many farmers are not aware of these schemes because no one has explained to them how to apply and where to get the documents to claim for these schemes.
The Youth Center was also inaugurated by Fr.VT Jose.
Furthermore, the MCA has also decided to open cricket training centers in each district for both men and women to promote the sport.
All vehicles coming from New Hill / Shillong Road will be diverted to Kynruh Saphlang and Thomas Jones.
It is worth mentioning that the rangïakura that the youngster has won, he has won 10 times, lost 1 out of 11 matches, while the youngster has won three times. , win 2 times lose 1 time.
KAS has held a protest at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi recently by gathering all political parties and civil society groups to join hands to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the list. phra you riti rule you country.
"As a Congress worker, we want Priyanka to come forward and work with her mother and brother Rahul Gandhi," Thomas said.
Overtaking my brother first.
After the arrest, the suspects and the seized drugs were handed over to the Excise and Narcotics Department for further investigation.
Explaining the news in recent days that the lice have been found in pigs, Kong Mukhim said that the lice are very common in pigs, cattle and poultry but they can be eradicated if properly cared for. They are especially vulnerable from an early age, by giving them pesticides from the age of 2 months.
He said that the concert should also be a training for the youth to avoid bad habits, because many of them have been involved in bad habits.
U Bah KL Nonglait of Sngi Mawlein village in Mawkyrwat district has been arrested by the hospital authorities for three days for failing to pay the bill. .4000 despite having a smart card of MHIS which says that within the cost of Rs 1.60 lakh can be treated as stipulated by ICICI Lombard.
He said that it is time for the government to take action to set up adequate educational institutions such as Engineering, Architect, Skill Development and other Professional Courses for the benefit of the people. He added that the existence of such schools will reduce the cost of living, bring happiness to the students, bring employment opportunities and develop the village. thaw it all.
There are no traditional religions, but when they do or decide on something, they ask for permission from God.
Police have also arrested 35 people involved with him in this act of service which has misled the people and caused people to lose their lives by the shah. hungry.
The Governor wants to know exactly about this Bill which is one of the issues that affects the people who demand the approval of it in order to empower the Rangbah Shnong.
In a letter signed by Enrico D Pasi, President of the union, he said that the government has passed a law in 2010, regarding the parking bridges and this is intended to ban forced collection in the entire State.
Mukesh has now been ordered to have a GST number and pay tax for one year.
The festival aims to acknowledge the success of the rapid change in women's leadership in the marketing of Lakadong shyrmit.
President: Samla Wallam Happiness Shooting2
Ranjit Rabha and Samudra Gupta from Assam have painted the face of Birsa Munda on the back of their own Rabha date as a sign of nationalism.
Shillong, Nailar 17: U MLA of the constituency and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday called a meeting with the DC, SP, Shipai 101 Area, Health Department, Fire. Service and Home Guard including the Rangbah Shnong of Pynthorumkhrah and Golflink to discuss the floods in Pynthorumkhrah.
“If this government does this, the lockdown has no meaning when the coal trucks of the cement factories are allowed to trade,” said Balen Thubru.
Sometimes I see that many of them don't even have a certificate because they are afraid of going to hospitals or other jobs to be punished by the government authorities.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Tuesday appointed 10 Ministers of the Second Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government. Cabinet Affairs, Finance, Forest & Environment Department, Home Political Department, Planning Department, Mining & Geogology, Election Department, Personnel & AR Department, Program Implementation & Evaluation Department, Information Technology & Communication Department and other departments which have not been found have been assigned to other government ministers.
She also urged the Sengkhasi and Seiñ Raij departments who will follow the Mawbynna sahnam on 14/04/2023 to come out on time so that the Mawbynna sahnam can be delivered on time. At the same time, the Sengkhihlang requests the youth of the Sengkhasi Seiñ Raij to walk in a disciplined manner during the Mawbynna. to avoid any accident and to avoid traffic jams on the road.
Former CEM of KHADC Latiplang, Leader of the United Democratic Front (UDF) has filed a complaint in the High Court of Meghalaya against the Administrator Rule in the KHADC. The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, on 7th June 2020, has approved the introduction of the Administrator Rule in the Khasi District Council. The UDF was led by Teinwell Dkhar and the UDF was led by Latiplang Kharkongor.
R. Sumer, Deputy Director of Economic and Statistics Meghalaya Shillong was the chief guest.
The deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills: 08, Ri Bhoi: 03, West Garo Hills: 02 and West Jaintia Hills:
Even after Amit Shah refused to speak or meet the Cabinet Ministers of Meghalaya, the Congress MLAs were the most angry as we have seen in the media.
In this regard, the KSU demands that the government should appoint a BDO and full time staff.
The PFR invites all the children and youth of Ri Bhoi District to join this training camp for the purpose of improving their skills. more in football.
It doesn't matter if it's small or large, but if you work hard, you will improve slowly.
It is worth mentioning that this college is the first in Sawsymper area and with its existence it has helped a lot to the youth who come from poor families especially from Sawsymper area and the villages. The existence of this college has also helped many parents who come from poor families.
Drugs are beverages or drugs that work hard and because they are expensive, poor youths are very strong and for this reason if they are drunk they can't do anything it doesn't matter even if they steal. to satisfy the needs of the body.
The Meghalaya Times once reported that Bremly Lyngdoh of the UN Green Activist found a well in Domiasiat.
He said that the Committee will be set up only after receiving the suggestions or questions from various political parties.
Ram Nath Rai, from Samastipur, Bihar, resident of Thakurbari in Tura, has suffered a serious injury to his head. and which brought him also unto death.
And, this citizenship of these communities-Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians is that if they have lived in India before 31.12.2014 and if they have lived in India for only It is not necessary for them to have those dulir phulir to establish their arrival from these countries, but if they have, it is enough.
Would opening shops of non-religious people and other religions on Sunday be considered anti-Christian?
When considering the statement of the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma that there has been an agreement and talks with the PDF leaders, it is clear that the two PDF MLAs want to become Ministers because Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh is a Minister in the NPP-led MDA-I Government. Time will tell whether this attempt by these two PDF MLAs and their followers to join the NPP will result in The NPP, UDP and TMC are the main political parties in Meghalaya that have MLAs in the 2028 Assembly elections. , Congress, VPP, HSPDP, PDF, BJP and two other independents.
Any accusation against organizations or employees without truth or falsehood shall be avoided.
The Nongstoin Anti-Narcotic Cell was led by Bah HP Kharkongor SDPO Mairang in the presence of independent witnesses of the village. Heroine powder weighs 12.19 grams.
The language of salutation will continue in relations with foreign officials.
Shillong, July 8: The Election Committee of the Pynursla Block Congress Committee today held a meeting to discuss the issue of MDC election ticket from Nongshken Constituency. The candidate for the election will be announced on the 10th of July and will be announced on the following day.
According to national media reports, the incident happened a day after former Hamas leader Khaled Mashal gave a speech online at a rally in Maluppuram, North Kerala. Jaimait-e-Islami groups to take action against non-Muslims.
Siworning Sayoo, Head of Madanrwai Village, Histokrist Pachiang, Head of Ooksi, Kyrshan Chullet, Head of Priang, Deilang Wahlang, Head of Sarhen.
The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) will select more than 25 shooters to take part in the 10th North East Zone Shooting Championship to be held in the city.
In their speeches, these leaders strongly condemned the silence of the state government and especially the central government, which has ignored the demands of the party groups and the people in the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Principal Secretary to the Finance Department, Kong RV Suchiang, said that she is currently preparing a report before sending it to the state government for a decision to implement it.
The Minister also expressed the need for cooperation within the community, and requested the village leaders to take their part in setting up deaddiction and rehabilitation centers in the villages.
Before the opening of the new block, the residents of Purakhasia, Dalu C&RD Block in West Garo Hills, had found it difficult to travel to the city, especially it took up to 10 hours from the road. for small businesses.
This is to free the District Jails from the overcrowding of prisoners.
Umroi, July 21 :The people of Umroi Constituency have decided to nominate Bah MD Syiem as an independent candidate for the MDC election which will be next month.
Regarding the incident, Giri Prasad said police have already registered a case and the investigation to find out who is involved in the incident is ongoing.
“Considering this case from all aspects, including the injury and mental anguish suffered and the damage suffered by the victim or the mother who lost her child, the full table of The commission has issued an order on 1st November, 2021 and confirmed the need to pay compensation of T.3 lakh to the victim,” said a statement from the MHRC. The State should give due consideration to the approvals issued and should not make it more difficult for the victim to find a lawyer at a high cost which it cannot afford.
The Union Minister was accompanied by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State, leaders of various farmer groups, senior government officials and others.
However, if the trees are cut down, it will also reduce the yield of the coffee tree.
Shillong, Nailar 10 : Congress MLA and Chief Whip of the Opposition Saleng A Sangma on Tuesday said, “If the Government Employees do not take responsibility for their duties, we will not be able to curb the illegal entry of bars. The state has not implemented the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
I have been informed by the Minister of Home Affairs (James K Sangma),” said Timothy.
“When asked, the Minister said that Sohshan is one of the most distinctive varieties of soh cultivated and produced in the state and which is also marketed well due to its quality.
So we couldn't organize these children's sports tournaments," one of the MFA members revealed.
Tomorrow the match will be between Mukhla Raij and Nangbah Iawmusiang at 2:30 pm.
When I read it, I found that all the suggestions are the same as those of the government every day, which means what the CM or Dy CM has given from time to time. Whether you are talking about his suggestions regarding the closure of larger markets or border markets and opening only village shops, whether you are talking about the suggestions of the Speaker The entry and exit points of the state whether they are connected to other states or the country should be closed and the movement from one district to another should be restricted. , the introduction of the odd'even number system.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: About 15 ministers of the Hima Mylliem today turned up at the Syiem's ​​office at Mawkhar, Shillong to protest against the allocation of land by the Hima Mylliem to Medalin Kurbah. She has opened her shop on the border of the Syiem Mylliem Police Station at Iewduh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: U V. Narayanasa My, General Secretary of the AICC in charge of the state, together with Vijay Laxmi Sadho, MP and Secretary of the AICC in charge of the state, He arrived in Shillong last night to discuss the work of the Congress in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : The High Court of Shillong today directed the state government to submit a temporary and permanent blueprint for the relief of traffic jam in Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 27: The FKJGP West Khasi Hills District has reminded the FKJGP West Khasi Hills District to demand from the government the issues that it has been demanding from time to time.
The NPP North Shillong Constituency through Bah Erwin Sutnga has sent a letter to the President of Delhi Golf Club Siddharth Shriram to apologize for the behavior of the management of the club. the destruction of the small nation.
“There is no internet in the villages and many don't know how to do it online,” said the Sohra MLA.
Shillong: After seeing the placement of party activities by political parties in front of their programmes, from political boards, flags, flags and others in many parts of the country Shillong, as well as in different parts of the district, even after the end of the programmes, has caused confusion among the people in the city.
As soon as they entered the house, they threatened to kill her. The four men not only threatened her but also threw her into the house and stabbed her in the chest. Sistina was seriously injured.
They include 13 cases in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in Ribhoi and one case in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 9: Meghalaya and the governments of the North Eastern States will hold an earthquake campaign in June this year.
Besides the doctors from the Veterinary Department, the meeting was attended by FKJGP General Secretary Luistar Lyngdoh, HNYF President Marcus Marten, Village Leaders and cow farmers in Ri Bhoi. this area.
However, the Principal Secretary said that his colleagues in the MDA-2 Government have a close relationship and he himself does not see any change in the Government after the Sohiong elections.
To dissolve or dismiss the EC because of the mistake of the Chairman is like punishing a father when his son makes a mistake; If the Chairman makes a mistake, he shall not take a decision to dismiss the Speaker or go to the High Court.
You dare to say that we are five years older than these intellectuals,” he said.
What makes it difficult for a person's mind is that there are such people who believe that only I am better than others.
The number of confirmed cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 6.9 lakh this evening, according to data released by the Indian government, while Russia has dropped to fourth place with the number of cases. 6.8 lakh people have been infected, according to the Johns Hopkins University (JHU).
Why then didn't you kill them immediately? Do you want to do that ? Why don't you dare to sell this land which you should have given to your sons? This is a sin you have committed Kong.
These 14 goals came through Baiarkynti Mylliemngap who scored three goals (3', 18', 54'), Makrisha Songthiang (34', 39', 61', 63') and Charlinda Nongtdu (58'). ′, 67′, 70'+1).
It’s rainy.
For the sake of safety and to avoid any injuries to the tourist spot, the Tourism Promoter Trekking Society Wahkhen has decided to suspend the tourist spot for 2 months for construction and improvement. tourists will have the opportunity to visit the place again when the rainfall is less.
The districts which have issued orders to close schools include East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, East Garo Hills, West Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
So far, Mawkriah have scored 32 goals in their last two matches but in this match they have managed to avoid this against Umpling even after having to support strongly from the back. beginning of the game.
Many people are so busy at work from time to time that it is very difficult to take time to be with their parents.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Lambokstarwell said that the government's failure from time to time has led to the inability to revise the terms and conditions signed in the MoU regarding the revision of the MoU. some of the rules are unreasonable.
In the final match of the second leg of the tournament, Umphyrnai SC beat Sohryngkham SC 4-1 .
Their presence also highlights the importance of taking steps to work together to curb the problems caused by e-waste or damaged electronic devices.
Sohra has no rain, but the shatri style is enough for you.
Marriage is indeed the foundation of society and the Bible says, “If the foundation be taken away, what can the righteous do” (Psalm 11:3).
He said that the incident happened in July this year and it is not the first time that the teacher has raped the girl.
“Don't try to introduce laws to destroy our people, if the fire breaks out, this is a clear message to the State Government,” he said.
E/C member UDP YW Ri Bhoi District
“We have also informed the VC that NEHU should announce the results as soon as possible so that it will not affect the future of the students who are still interested in pursuing higher education,” said Bah. Auspicious.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA), Bah HDR Lyngdoh, said that the government is preparing to hold the mid-term elections.
You don't need to be punished if you find that you spend time doing this while you're at work.
“Therefore, choose a good name to be an example to other youths and urged the youths not to wait only for Government jobs but we should be youths who can create jobs from themselves through “When the youth are strong, the future of the state is strong,” said Bah Michael.
Khliehriat, March 5 : A landslide has occurred again near the tunnel in Sonapur, East Jaintia Hills District today. , the traffic jam lasted for about five hours.
She said that the Prime Minister should have ordered Bah HDR Lyngdoh to resign or he should have resigned but he did not do so. women.
I am the fifth and the youngest is a man," she said.
“The DIG said that according to information, the strength of the HNLC is only about 20 to 30 people.
Shymplong SC beat Mynkre FC 2-0 in the Narpuh District Sports Association (ENSA) Football Tournament held at Umkiang Ground on Friday.
However, it does not mean that we have to increase the vigilance because we too have to know who enters and leaves and who stays.
No matter how much they earn, the expense is equal to their income.
The required documents to be submitted along with the form include EPIC Card, Bank Account Details, Affidavit of Acceptance and Compliance with the Comprehensive Plan and Scheme for Spot Auction. " prepared in collaboration with the State Government and Coal India Ltd.
East Khasi Hills has recorded the highest number of cases with 121 cases, West Garo Hills with 131 cases and Ribhoi with
This appeal aimed at public safety was seen to have worked.
All drivers of autos, taxis, sumo and buses must display and wear a syrnod that they have been vaccinated against Covid-19 on the right side of the front passenger seat and must also leave the vehicle. Office of the District Transport Officer, Ri-Bhoi District together with the vaccinated sticker and the certificate of vaccination and driving license for the purpose of obtaining the Green Card or Vaccinated Sticker. Shillong: "It is not possible to go for testing every 10 days or to be injected with Covid 19," said the district authorities, Hima. Mylliem to shopkeepers and vendors inside the square in Ïewduh on Saturday last month.
According to a statement signed by the Secretary of the EC, the Executive Committee meeting on 15th October has decided that “Rangbah Shnong, Myntri Shnong and Sordar Shnong, Matabor, should not participate in the any political party or group engaged in political activity or assisting in any political capacity".
In the men's category, Banpyn-ksan Warshong (17yrs 44kg), Teiboklang Marbaniang (16yrs 55kg), Nehbor Mawthoh (20yrs 42kg), Pynnehbor Mylliemngap (26yrs 45kg), Jeffry John Nongdhar (29yrs) ). 45kg), Blaseibok Kharbuli (22yrs 48kg), Emdor Blah (29yrs 45kg), Ebrest Lyngdoh (15yrs 48kg), Rudolf Lyngdoh (11yrs 36kg), Andy Taro (14yrs 57kg), Arnold 3 Erk2 Kharbyrnga g ), Dameshwa Marten (14yrs 47kg), Dauni Nongrum (32yrs 54kg), Williamson Ïawrod (14yrs 42kg), Risynroi Kharmuti (14yrs 38kg), Marky Nongrum (14yrs 48kg), Apjingkyrmen Lyngshiang (12yrs 25kg), Silbastar Marbaniang (15yrs 38kg) , Johnronald Sangriang (22yrs 51kg), Rohan Ram Rajak (24yrs 55kg), Andrew Maring (16yrs 51kg), Alfred Watklet Riahtam (33yrs 45kg), Jeky Jana (20yrs 45kg), Lapynshai dongkyr9s9syimlieh 1 s 85kg), Ujal R.Marak (20yrs 60kg), Mewan -lambha Basaïawmoit (17yrs 53kg), Kiven Dapmain L.Marshillong (18yrs 63kg), Comford L.Mawlong (17yrs 60kg), Jopliban Margky-36 Wangjohbor (16 Bryan-sing Marboh (18yrs 50kg) and Albert M.Wahlang (17yrs 44kg).
His son said that his father had been suffering from chronic illness for a year until he could no longer speak or eat.
In Meghalaya, there is a lot of corruption and extortion by NGOs from the owners which has led to the increase in prices. The government and the authorities have banned the government and the authorities from working. This is the corruption of the leaders that makes the state poor.
Tyrso oil : The ingredients of this oil are very beneficial for the blood pressure, this oil is rich in MUFA, which can increase the cholesterol and fat content in the body. blood, and it is on this can be perfected on the flow of blood.
“I am pleased to inform you that a day or 10 days ago, the Government of India has approved the mining lease of four miners. .
It is learned that muster roll workers in Garo Hills have been threatened by the government authorities for their participation in the strike.
If our thoughts are positive, the resulting actions will also be positive.
Ma Thombor Shiwat, MDC of Nartiang Constituency and CEM of Jaintia Hills District Council, expressed his gratitude to the World Mission for serving many souls especially the children by taking responsibility. to take care of them.
Pastor Reuben G Laloo and the Tymmen Basan of the Presbyterian Church, on the 11th of June, were attacked by robbers, while they were on their way to meet the missionaries in in the state of Bihar.
Shillong: There have been 69 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today.
Village leaders and the people of Iooksi Kyanmynsar Thlongmoo attended the ceremony.
On the other hand, the Roman Empire could not imagine and accept that there would be another power that could rival its power and glory.
What we say about I Everbloom is her bravery, because in two incidents, if it weren't for the bravery and courage of this child, she would have been injured and a tragedy for 2 other childhood siblings who were younger than him.
Send the people first while the rulers do and make exceptions according to their wishes.
While he did not mention any other departments, he said to implement the VIP gallery in Riangdo.
“It is not just once, it happens from time to time, perhaps the biggest incident is the shooting, not the shooting of a person on the border but the advance of the BSF to Mawshun.
It is worth mentioning that smoking in public transport has started to decrease but perhaps due to the lack of strict laws, once again it has been seen that smoking in buses and taxis has increased. earnings resumed.
“If the court does not send the case to the Traffic Branch for resolution, I and the taxi company will lodge a complaint against Smith Mawkhniang, the police officer who lodged a complaint against the Sumo driver,” said Bah Disparsing Rani. U Spokesperson of EKHLTWA while speaking to media today.
However, she said that there has been no special allocation of funds and no receipt from other departments for this purpose.
After seven months of record-setting, Manchester City's Julian Alvarez has made history as the first player to win three titles. European Championships, Premier League and FA Cups as well as the World Cup in the same season.
Shillong: Three leaders of the Meghalaya International Exporters Chamber (MIECC) will attend a three-day business summit to be held in Dhaka, Bangladesh from Thursday.
The prizes for the winners will include cash prizes and medals.
The JD(U) has won 16 out of 17 MPs in Bihar by working with the BJP in the state.
In other states, various governments have been working hard to create and find many ways and means to revive the income of the contractors which has been severely affected in recent days. This is the cause of Covid-1
They shall roar together like lions.
The rotten garbage should be composted and the rest should be handed over to the garbage collectors.
Therefore, the authorities of the country have temporarily banned the climbing of Mount Shishapangma due to the poor condition of the mountain and it is not known exactly how long it will last. skhem and at any time it will collapse and these thah will water and flow or collapse as in this incident.
Parwana Malik was sold to Qorban, 55, who claims to be elderly and the reason is because he has a white neck and white eyebrows.
Researchers have suggested that it is necessary to keep your head warm and avoid cold air.
Not only do they ask for a phone but sometimes if you talk on the phone while walking, they come from behind and knieh back the phone and run away.
I was elected as the president along with other members of the CEC through the General Convention of the party at the Polytechnic Hall on 27th July 2017 which was witnessed by the press and media.
“We found that the building of the Accident and Trauma Center at Nongpoh Civil Hospital has been converted into the office of the District Medical and Trauma Center (DMHO),” said Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
It is obvious that the police on duty at that time were only blind spectators.
You see my house is destroyed like this,” said the mother with a happy smile.
She said that the state government should take responsibility for encouraging such crimes and also to punish severely against the people involved so that such incidents will not happen. more afterwards.
"“The ability to control the entry of foreigners belongs to the State and Central Governments.
Meanwhile, Tripura and Nagaland did not take part in the fighting.
You can buy PHH rice in the amount of 5 kilos per head (no payment required).
The Supreme Court of India on 10th November 2013 struck down Section 8(4) of the Representations of Peoples Act, 1950 as unconstitutional. Lily Thomas vs Union of India & Ors ((2013) In the judgment of Justice AK Patnaik and Justice SJ Mukhopadhaya, the court ruled that no MLA or MP who has been convicted in court for their involvement in offenses punishable by imprisonment not less than two years, they shall be dismissed immediately upon the verdict.
) NE, Mr. Ernest Mawrie, President and Mr. Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State.
Thirteen others were injured in the blast in Stanislav village.
A complaint was lodged with the police by the girl’s father.
He also congratulated the opposition for not nominating any candidate to contest the election and said that their non-nomination is because they too have expressed their feelings because They have been in confusion for many months and they want to end these dramas in this district council to allow us who are not paid to run the new EC. .
The rally was held at Iewrynghep Square under Mawkynrew Community Development Block East Khasi Hills.
If you can take responsibility for your failure, you will be ready to face any challenges and accept the challenges,” said the Minister.
On the same day, the MLA of Jowai also launched a book on Kiang Nangbah written by Riquoma Rq.Laloo.
Besides the fact that the candidates cannot elect the leaders of the NPP, they will continue to call for a system of governance.
At the end of the tournament, Rangdajied United FC received a check of T.5 lakh while Khliehmawlieh YC received a check of T.3 lakh.
Let us wait and see.
Shillong: As part of the commemoration of the founder and pioneer of literature in Khasi-Jaintia, Rev Thomas Jones, the father of the Khasi Alphabet, on Saturday, July 22, 2013, the Tyrna Elaka Welfare Society Shillong. The Friendly Match Football Tournament was held at Jawahalal Nehru Sport Complex, Polo Shillong in the presence of the residents of Tyrna who live in Shillong and also from Tyrna who came to play at the ground.
And he said unto them, Yea; “Don't allow the government to take decisions that could affect their jobs.
“Now, the situation has demanded that it is urgent to pass the Bill to ban ar maloi and the government has done that,” he said. and the food shall be destroyed.
Shillong Lajong Football Club beat Diamond Rock Football Club in the second match of Group B of the Second Division League at Balaghat, Madhya Pradesh on Sunday.
In East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from Golflink, 34 cases from health workers, 7 cases from Jaiaw, 5 cases from Mawlai Kynton Massar Block C, 6 cases from Nongthymmai, 13 cases from abroad, 7 cases from Umsohsun. .
Loved ones of Gehlot and Pilot have staged a rally in front of the Congress office in Jaipur to protest against the attack. establish.
The Catholic Church leader said that the lack of online education has caused a lot of problems and it can be said that the students are facing the biggest problem.
Nongpoh, July 12 : The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday welcomed Rinalis Ingti, who won the gold medal in the High Jump competition, at the 66th National School Games Athletic Championships. The tournament was held recently in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh after the state team returned on Sunday.
“Now is the time to be proud of the 7,500 leaders who have been inspired by Parliament,” Modi said.
The Opposition also has four MLAs from the Voice of the People Party (VPP), bringing the Opposition to 14 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly.
The UDP, which has 12 MLAs, the HSPDP, which has 2 MLAs, will work together to take a decision in the RDA. the Legislative Assembly has 60 members.
In the 90 kg category, Alan Sunn Marbaniang won the first prize, Baniaikyrsoi Khongwir came second and Pynshailang Narlong won the third prize.
Shillong, June 10 : The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he will meet and discuss with all the volunteers who have taken part in the struggle for a full state of Meghalaya. their journey in this struggle for their own state.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The desire of the people to enter the Governor's residence has been like going to a cinema where the crowd has been very strong.
However, today, it was decided to change the order to open shops in these three places from 11:30 pm.
They demanded that these issues should be resolved before 26th June 2021 and if the government cannot take decisions on these issues, then the MeECL employees will start their strikes to force the to the Government, not to implement these matters.
And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart” and not only does he hear and listen to me for you but the Word of God says “Jeremiah 33:3 “If we call upon God, God will hear us and show us great and difficult things which we do not know” There are many things which we do not know and do not understand in this world. but if I and you shall call upon our God, he will show unto me and unto you great and mighty things which we know not.
The life of Bah HDR Lyngdoh is only a political struggle.
The gold medals went to Daphishisha Shadap (girls' cadet kumite -53 Kg), Larisha Kurbah (girls' junior kumite -59 Kg), Daphilahun Wahlang (girls' cadet kumite +54 Kg), Damebanmerbha S.Blah (boys junior kumite). – 50 Kg) and Saralin Rynghang (women's committee – 50 Kg).
Phum Lyngdoh, 58, of Lawsohtun, died at HG Robert Hospital, Shillong, Bhimsen Thangkhiew, 79, of Lumpondeng, Umlyngka, died at Super Care, Shillong. Shem Dkhar, 27, of Rngad, Umsning, died at Woodland Hospital, Jowai.
There were also those who phoned and threatened to shut down these ATMs. Furthermore, there were those who phoned that at 3 pm SBI in Pynursla has closed all its doors and it no longer accepts people who come after 3 o'clock, but sets inside those who come early to finish their work.
The ceremony was led by the leaders of the Nongpoh Kali Mandir Puja Committee including Kokon Baroi as President, Babul Roi as Secretary and Hindu religious leaders from Nongpoh.
In a letter sent by Bah George B Lyngdoh, he also congratulated the leaders and members of the Party who have been their advisors and supporters in many ways for providing good services to the people. public state.
He also reminded that Sohmynting has famous plants like Sohphlang and Sohlah Sohmynting and soh like Salyngkiah which was formerly called Sohmynting.
In the 4th STROKE NOVICE, 1st prize went to Bakmenlang Dkhar (Rs 20,000), 2nd prize went to Amit Baidya (Rs 10,000) and 3rd prize went to Manas Pratim Rajbongshi (Rs 7,000).
In 1997, I took a picnic with the children of Seinduli School at Umshit Jakrem.
He said that the raids were also conducted on permits, licences, those who did not wear helmets and those who did not wear seat belts as many public vehicles had violated the Motor Vehicle Act.
“For the good of the people and us.
Because they knew only about the Messiah.
Shillong: An order issued by Arpit Upadhyaya, Sub Divisional Officer of Pynursla Civil Sub Division, has ordered shops selling food items to remain open for seven days a month from Monday, through Saturday.
Dibrugarh: The slasha farm at Zaloni in Dibrugarh has been temporarily closed after 133 people tested positive for covid-19, today.
After the arrest of 11 members of the NLCN, police are conducting a massive search operation in Khasi and Jaintia Hills to arrest other members especially those whose names appear in the register. the police.
Therefore, he appealed to the people of the area to cooperate in all aspects so that the many tasks to be completed will be smooth and successful and that the people will also receive the advantage.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Seng, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said that the demand for money from the members is terrible where there are gates, and if they see that They carried the cows and even the police chased the merchants.
Wandonbok said the Association has decided to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court against the order which has affected the business of commercial vehicles.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today urged the Government to honor Kong Mavis Dunn Lyngdoh to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the State. The first woman in India to assume the post of Minister of State, by erecting a statue of her in Shillong.
“Khliehriat has become the capital of EJH and it is no longer the case that the Block should be in the district capital in Khliehriat.
He said that in the past, Kyrdemkhla and Diengkynthong had complained that the quarrymen in the area were dumping soil into the river. they shall no more throw the earth into the river, but shall carry it away and throw it away.
Half an hour later, Koushik Rabha (33') scored for Wasa.
That act of bombing and beating even women is completely wrong.
These data collections help in the prevention and control of this disease in the state and the country as a whole.
As it is now, this policy has benefited the Garo people.
He had one brother, Hugo, and two sisters, Elma and Liliana Cátia.
However, let us accept that this is the time for us as a nation to do something and start with ourselves.
Ma Coming one said that it is necessary to respect the forest around us.
Remember to keep basic foods such as bread, biscuits or any dry or dry foods as well as medicines in advance.
However, what we see is that the Prime Minister and his Ministers and officers don't do anything but they just listen and now when the point has reached that the youths who used to carry weapons have killed themselves. In the case of Fredrick, the Prime Minister said that the government will have to prove whether the Vice President of the KSU, Frederick Kharmawphlang, has any previous links with the HNLC. Protest for ILP We have already seen many protests such as the demand for the rectification of the border, the protest against the increase in corruption, the protest against the theft by abolition. The protest of the youth who are not employed in the DSC, the protest of the youth with disabilities but “They end only in the rape of government officials by being beaten or bombed, tied with sticks, imprisoned in prisons, accused of being Shillong, Jymmang 20: UDP Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has accused the Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Paul Lyngdoh of being involved in the destruction of government property. The MPA government was elected by the UDP in
The games will be held in Tura, Mawkyrwat, Shillong and Jowai starting from 12th June
Every time we don't move even a little bit of the mawpud, but now he says that we have stolen land from them.
Pulmonary alveolar proteinosis, according to doctors, is the most common disease in humans and occurs in only 6.87 people per 10 million people.
He also congratulated the Governor of Nagaland, RN Ravi, the leaders of the NSCN (IM) and NNPG for their perseverance and hard work.
The theft of the dumper happened on the morning of the 15th, when the robbers tried to steal from a petrol pump in Biharbari. Guwahati, where the owner of the truck, Dip Sharma, has lodged an Ejahar at Basistha Police Station, Assam.
These gates are called stomata.
Winnerson had also contested for the Lamphang seat against Dr Donkupar Roy but was defeated.
“In some districts, we can witness the dangers and we have directed the district authorities to be vigilant and to be prepared,” said Bah Tynsong.
We want these things to be as they used to be,” he added.
Digvijay Patil top scored for Maharashtra with 239 runs off 139 balls.
Leaders of the Seng including Bah Donbok Dkhar and others attended the hearing which lasted until late in the evening.
The Uniform Civil Code benefits many people in the country.
JOWAI: U Awhai Andrew Shullai, Leader of the Opposition in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC), on Tuesday said that the time has come to reduce the number of employees of the council to 1,0 The expenditure of the council in order to be able to run smoothly the activities of the council which is currently in financial difficulty.
“Those who enter the state without a permit will be treated as illegal immigrants,” said Bah Blah.
To explain the fate of tomorrow is very difficult.
The Northeast Half Marathon will be conducted by the Northeast Frontier Railway in collaboration with Innovations India around the beautiful places of the North East.
The following are the measures approved for the welfare of LIC agents and employees: Increase in the gratuity limit from T.3 lakh to T.5 lakh for LIC agents. The ability to re-appoint agents who can receive renewal commission, which will bring more security to them in financial matters.
Also present on the occasion were Chairman WN Dkhar, Secretary Simon Dhar, leaders and office bearers of HITO Khliehtyrshi.
The District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District has issued an order and informed all the Waheh Shnongs to inform the public that these 6 (seven) villages have been declared 'Containment Areas' Family Welfare Department, Magistrates, Health Field Workers and other assistants can collect information from those who have had contact with these infected persons.
All four of them have tested negative.
This procession was held after two years and it was the first time that Lyngdoh Sad Victor Lyngdoh was able to take part as the Archbishop of Shillong.
Many expressed concern over the fragmentation of the Opposition.
The union said the government is well aware of the problems faced by the newspaper owners in the state, including the suspension of advertisement bills, journalist assistance schemes, assistance to journalists, pension. of the newspapers, as stated by the Governor in his speech, in the past few days.
At the same time, they expressed their concern about the law and order situation in the Garo Hills, where the people are facing various problems.
(1) The 7 statements: (i) When Jesus was crucified, Mary his mother wept.
They were informed that so far, the team has guided more than 550 startups and changed people’s lives by creating employment opportunities.
Lucy Bronze and Alex Greenwood are among the 23 athletes who have already announced their names in the list and have prepared for the third edition of the tournament. game is coming.
When asked whether the KJPA has agreed to open churches in March, as suggested by the state government, the Pastor said, “I cannot say anything, we have to discuss it. ".
Conrad also handed over his resignation letter as Chief Minister to the Governor.
The Sein Raij Tuber organized the festival at Biar, Tuberkmai Village while the Sein Raij Jowai concluded the festival at Thaw Shad Sukra, Iawmusiang, Jowai.
They demanded that the Law Department as well as the District Council Affairs Department should read and consider the Bill thoroughly, and seek the opinion of the people.
He said that as a responsible leader, Dr Mukul should have submitted a report on his findings so that he could do something on this issue, but to blame is not because He said that his inspection is ongoing and the government will wait and accept the report that Mukul Sangma will send.
Speaking as the chief guest, OR Challam explained the journey of the Seiñ Raij Jowai in the past years, to find ways and means how to build this suitable place for the Seiñ Raij Jowai. The ceremony was held today which brought great joy to the Seiñraij as a whole.
The policeman demanded money from the Meghalaya vehicle, even though they had provided him with all the documents he needed and had to pay the money. Tron Guard, who is from Shillong.
Why do we still remain in the name Jaintia which has been called many times by the foreigners just to divide and create differences in our Jaitbynriew? The UNESCO World Heritage Site has found that Jaintia and Khasi have their own.
The KSU also submitted to the Minister a petition containing 17 issues related to the improvement of education in the state.
On the other hand, the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak said that the department has set a target to reach 5 lakh households with water supply by November this year.
Babu P.Wanniang i/c Principal of the school along with the teachers distributed the prizes to the winners.
The construction of 5 lakh houses will be completed within 45 days while 8.6 lakh houses are under construction.
The Principal of Jaintia Eastern College in his speech urged the people to be wise to welcome those who come from abroad and not to speak harsh words or words that insult them. The youth of the village should be ready to help and protect the victims in any problems.
Ioh-Dhar (42', 70') alone scored the two goals for Mukhla Evergreen to win the match.
During the raid, the Seng found more than 100 foreigners who did not have Work Permit or any identification documents, and also closed down about 30 shops without Trading Licence.
The output from these four days from the 19th to the 22nd of this month has reached T.1,56,3
Shillong, June 20: The Army Public School (APS), Shillong HQ 101 Area today celebrated its 39th Anniversary of AWES Day.
If we accept, it will be a threat in the future by allowing the VC to bypass the powers of the Council in many areas related to the welfare of the University,” said Prof Kma.
The villages which came out to build this road include Iapkhla, Kyanmynsar, Tongkiad, Priang and Umdeinlin villages together with neighboring villages like Umsalait. Kane and street.
It is learned that these men came on a Pulsar motorcycle, entered the cash register room by knocking on the door and opened fire with an AK 47 rifle and a small rifle. They sent to show the deposit box and collected all the money while it was in the deposit box and knieh also from the hands of the workers who poured oil and fled to the sonapur lines immediately after the robbery.
“In 2020, the Bengali authorities killed Bah Lurshai Hynniewta in Pyntha Umdan which shocked all the Khasi people living in those areas.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr H.Synmon, Doctor In Charge of the PHC, said that as the Doctor in charge of the PHC, he said that the PHC should have He said that the PHC is still using the transformer of Pdengshakap village and he has tried to talk to the office many times and has written a letter to the PHC. The Office of the Health Department has been working for the last two or three years to provide its own transformer for the PHC. MeCEL has not done anything in this regard but so far MeCEL has not done anything in this regard.
The dream of 28 villages in Nongstoin and surrounding areas to get drinking water from the Greater Nongstoin Urban Water Supply Scheme (GNUWSS) has come true. It is only 25 to 30 per cent.
The way is still there and luckily, there is judicial law that opens the door.
He said that the youth should not stop here but should continue to develop in other fields in sports if they understand that they have that talent they should not rest but should work hard to that the work may not profit them.
Furthermore, the union said that a Toll Free Number should be set up in the villages, so that if there are any findings in the villages, people can immediately inform the police, so that there can be cooperation to arrest. these people who use or sell this alcoholic beverage.
This devil in his attempts to fight, does not believe that God will cast him out, the loss will be great if he and the angels who follow him are cast out.
Furthermore, on the statement by the Union Defense Minister – Amit Shah that the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) will be repealed from the state in In the next 3 or 4 years, Liezietus said that the situation in Nagaland has started to improve and in the past 6 years there have been no incidents of violence. has brought about a decline in the peace and order of the state.
Then they tried to introduce only one language and followed by the One Nation, One Election or the principle that there should be only one parliamentary election with the states, in order to reduce costs.
Shillong, Nailar, 13: The Crystal Gayle Memorial Award 2022 has been awarded to the Governor of Meghalaya.
Umkiang PHC is one of the largest PHCs in the Narpuh area, from Hingaria Huroi to Ratacherra.
In order to attract new investors in manufacturing and to promote the Make-in-India industry of the government, a new provision has been introduced in the Income-tax Act from budget 2019-20 which allows any new domestic companies incorporating on or after 1st March 2019 by making fresh investments in manufacturing or manufacturing activities, to have the option of paying income tax in the price 15%.
To protect oneself does not mean to use bullets or swords but to use tricks and powers to prevent others from stealing their jobs.
Jowai Lyber 30.
She said that all the expenditure for the planting of these trees has been spent from the budget of the District Council and the officers who have been sent to look after the work have already been trained.
The source said that before Bina was shot by these youths, they had threatened her about four times, but there was no incident. and they beat her so that she could not get up.
He said that the Jaïaw-Langsning Women's Association has done many things for the welfare of the residents.
Another special talent of this man is not only that he can shrong oh shrup various crafts, but he can also make musical instruments and play traditional melodies with traditional melodies. he spends his time when he has time to turn to singing or traditional music.
“Besides, he said that the discussions on this issue are still ongoing between him and his supporters and also with the NPP. The meeting with the leaders in front to discuss the matter.
The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has donated T.5 lakh to the families of the victims of the killing by the Assam police. It will also provide financial assistance to the injured.
Speaking on Kiang Nangbah, the President of Seinraij Jowai, Ma Hercules Toi, said that Kiang Nangbah is a young farmer and when he sees the actions of the British government that discriminates against women and children, he has the courage to stand up against them. the British government.
Earlier, Rinalis Ingti won the bronze medal in the High Jump event with a jump of 1.55 metres.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 5 people have been confirmed positive for EKH 4 and EJH
Wasa scored through Koushik Rabha (8'), Silgrik Momin (41') and F. Momin (90'+3), while Warima converted through Tremarchwal Ch Marak. (85′).
“Bah Shanbor, on the fourth day, went back to the city to meet with the lawyer, to talk to him about what had happened.
The MDA Government has already done many things which others have not been able to do.
However, a source said that the salary mentioned by the Prime Minister regarding the salary of the Chairman is only the honorarium, not counting the other salaries they receive.
Khliehriat, Nailur 7: The students of the Bosco Integrated Development Society (BOSC) today celebrated the Teachers' Day at Lumshyrmit. This is part of the celebration of International Literacy Day which is held on the 8th of November every year.
Singh said the suspects were brought from Rongbakgre village near Jengjal, about 25 km from Tura in West Garo Hills.
From Lawse you can see the town of Nongstoin and many villages around the West and South West Khasi Hills.
"The newspaper said that the people of the North East of India know that one day they will become low paid, if this smuggling of foreign authorities cannot be stopped. Bangladesh with the help of some profiteering international politicians.
So far, Dr Mukul Sangma has not yet stepped down or will remove other ministers who have appeared to protest against him.
He said that this is not the end of the matter but the Council wants to set a target to transform the Hima Mylliem once again.
The explosives seized from the vehicle included 4500 gelatin sticks, 4000 detonators and 4 tops/drums of diesel fuel of 200 liters each.
On the other hand, the group has demanded that these check posts should be set up in Ummat and Umtlih where the villages have been ready to provide even the land.
You can also complain to the following numbers.
It may be recalled that a few months ago, the office of the same Sericulture Department at Moodymbai near Ummulong was burnt down during the ILP protests and during the curfew hours.
On this day, 72 children received their first Communion and 66 youths received their confirmation.
“Earlier we were ranked 97 but now we have risen to rank 69,” said Sniawbha.
On this occasion, three students of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy College who have scored the highest marks in the B.A examination were awarded by Prof. (Mrs.) Badaplin War (Padma Shri) as the Chief Guest.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma and other MLAs who met and worked with Nimarson Momin sent their condolences to the family of the deceased. it is the loss of the state and the country.
The union also explained that the influx of foreigners has affected the market especially, which has affected the price of mur.
The Bangladesh government has also allocated T.20,000,000 annually for the welfare of his children and has also sent fresh fruits for him.
Y Ningthem Singh, former project director of MDS and S Ranjit Singh, administrative officer, have been arrested in the FIR. The documents of two street houses in Imphal, the report said.
He said he does not want to leave halfway in the struggle against the state government's plan to pass laws in the areas which are the subject of the District Council especially in the field of empowerment of Rangbah. Village.
He said the Government of Meghalaya is very grateful for the unlimited assistance of the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment in many areas.
Earlier, he was a Chief Justice of the Allahabad High Court.
On the other hand, Prof XP Mao and Dr MSN Rahman alleged that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU does not respect the Executive Council and the Academic Council.
The Ganesh Das Government Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shillong has been accused of torture by thyrnia in the body of a mother who had just given birth on Tuesday. .
He said students should have the right to participate in politics.
The 2019 Asian Championships silver medalist Ashish Kumar of Himachal Pradesh will face Kingson of Manipur in the featherweight category.
“The HNLC has taken this decision after the courts have sent summonses to the top leaders of the party even though the peace talks are ongoing.
He urged the State Government through the Sports Department to do something to provide a proper stadium in Nongstoiñ so that they can play and improve their skills. you don't play football in this district.
This Reservation is sensitive, and needs to be carefully arranged and considered.
When they arrived at the scene, they found that the whole building was on fire.
Shillong: The State Government today night, through Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh, Secretary, Political Department, has issued a notice to all the Deputy Commissioners to announce that the State Government has allowed them to travel. from one District to another District only for the areas within the Green Zone.
Only because of the struggle and ambition of the leaders has it led to the backwardness of the community, the region and the state.
It is also surprising that Bah Momin and Bah Pondit do not speak Khasi well and despite their hard work, they find it difficult to explain to the public about the election.
He introduced the Vibrant Villages Program of the CM and directed the Defense Forces to assist the local government officials and people in its implementation.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has not yet started the construction of border markets in four places in the state. place.
Mr. Sokon was surprised.
Heavy Motor Vehicles should not travel in the Polo area from 17th to 19th June
Chasing a target of 86 runs on the opening day of the tournament, Meghalaya lost two wickets for the loss of two wickets for three runs. Sharma scored 46 runs without losing a wicket.
At this meeting, a decision was taken to ban all dewbilat companies from importing coal from abroad.
In this regard, the party has held an emergency meeting and at this meeting the party has unanimously decided to expel the president of the MPUF East. The Disciplinary Committee has decided to suspend Michal Chyrmang from the membership of the party. The party has appointed him as its president and general secretary. from the party and the party will no longer recognize him within the party.
Also present at the meeting were the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong, Government Minister and MLA Marcuise N Marak, Member of Parliament Agatha K Sangma and others.
“We have discussed the measures that the government will take to curb the insurgency in a successful manner,” he said.
Where will the future of the country go if the youth lose their education and become trained in various lines of work?
But I can't understand why its appearance causes bloodshed, prejudice, discrimination, and prejudice? I agree, “Let those who can read read".
Another example is that exporters of agricultural products abroad can also take advantage of this border crossing to smuggle goods.
Before Pakistan's secession from India and a few years later, Assam's trade outside the State was through the Brahmaputra River.
Mawrie said that instead of accusing the Indian government of not allocating rice to those who do not have ration cards, they can receive their share of the PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojna; The State Government should understand that it is not the responsibility of the State Government to issue ration cards.
To achieve their fifth title in seven seasons, City need three points from their remaining three Premier League games.
The JSU said that they will soon meet the Minister of Electricity to complain to him about the sudden increase in electricity bill and the recruitment method at MeECL without advertisement.
We hope that after these Behdeiñkhlam rituals, God will also drive away and cure the COVID-19 pandemic which has spread to all countries of the world,” said Rgh.S Sari Publicity. Secretary of the Senate 12 – Daloi.
"I have been informed that the PDF is waiting for the meeting of the Central Executive Committee while we are talking and after that they will hold the General Council meeting. enough to tell you what decision they made," he said.
Nongrum said that the implementation of any scheme should be approved by the Shnat Raid and the land within the boundaries of Tynring is the Ri Raid except for the Kba fields according to the land tenure law. who have always existed.
At the end of the programme, a song was sung by the famous God of the State, Bah.
“It is sad to know that the school has turned 102 years old, but the school building is still in disrepair.
The order came after the KSU alleged that 11 out of 14 doctoral seats from the state government have been allocated to students from outside Meghalaya in the Open Category.
On the other hand, the WJH Police together with the Fire and Rescue Teams and other rescue teams had to dive into the river with the thought that the woman might have drowned in the river.
After testing in the presence of independent witnesses, it was confirmed that he was a child.
Shillong, Jymmang 9 : After the MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Malngiang, at a public meeting at Lad Nongkrem recently, he said that he will throw a stick at the officers who came to stop the quarrying. The Deputy Commissioner (DC) Isawanda Laloo IAS has appealed to the MLA to enforce Section 144 CrPC to ban the mining of maw and shyiap in the state. East Khasi Hills District without License to quarry stone and shyiap.
Many of those who have been maintaining the bridges, said that the explanation of the MBDA expert, Sanjiv Shankar does not match the knowledge they have acquired in the maintenance and planting of trees. jri is the father of your tymmen.
If 30 years ago, Rs.1,00,000 was needed to implement any development work in rural areas, the government appointed up to 15 employees only in junior ranks, except for one senior officer. , the Rs1,00,000.00 earlier has turned into two and three crore now.
What will this leader answer before the world and before God? In the past, Aung San Suu Kyi was famous in the world as a fighter for the freedom of the people who were enslaved by the Myanmar army. , when the Myanmar army allowed her to hold office as head of government there, she was overthrown and no longer cared about those who were oppressed.
Rahul also refused to lead the Congress in the Lok Sabha, where the party has to elect Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, MP from West Bengal.
The meeting also decided to fight against this without delay until the Government sets up this Hospital in Amlarem, as it is very appropriate to follow it within the Sub-Divisional, Head Quarter. Babyson Pakyntein, Chairman of the Amlarem Development Association, Amlarem Sub-Division, said:
The meeting was attended by several village leaders and members of the KSU EJHD Unit. The meeting was conducted by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah G Warjri. Therefore, the union and the village leaders have opposed the NHAI's proposal, standing firmly on the ground that until the road improvement is completed, the NHAI cannot open the tax collector's place.
This is an incentive for dictatorship, not democracy,” he said.
“However, when we reached this place, we saw the soldiers and without understanding, I heard a gunshot, and the vehicle was dead at this time. “I just covered my brother who was lyngkien with blood and I too pretended to be dead,” he added.
He also expressed his satisfaction that after two years it has been possible to hold this tournament and hoped that through this tournament many players will emerge who will represent the state in national and even international tournaments.
There are also parties that fear that all the MLAs may flee to other parties as is happening to the Congress, KHNAM and HSPDP. However, this has also happened to other parties like the Trinamool Congress. , PDF and others.
The Israelites did not hear or see.
During the inspection, it was found that the construction and cleaning of this road is very poor and has just been done.
High blood pressure is one of the main causes of death in children.
The elders of the Seng Khasi were present to witness this day and on this day the speakers gave advice on how to preserve our own customs and traditions. from generation to generation.
Peter slammed the IGP for using insulting words against those who came to support him on the 5th.
The procession was led by the Apostolic Nuncio, Most Rev. Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli, who conducted the festival in the presence of Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh of the Archdiocese of Shillong.
“However, Government Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said that the BJP has never changed the political landscape on women's issues.
The Garo Hills, which is rich in crime, has celebrated Christmas with great joy.
The Dohkha farmers expressed their gratitude to the Dohkha Department of the State Government through the Blue Revolution project.
On the rumor that if Meghalaya cannot host the tournament in 2022, it could be postponed to 2023, Sacheti said that as of now, He said he hoped that everything would go smoothly and Meghalaya would be able to host the tournament in
However, he warned that those who steal money will be dealt with according to the law.
There are 10 recoveries today.
Malvern alone scored three goals in the 12th, 22nd and 54th minutes.
Through this Mental Health School, children will be able to understand and empower themselves on how to deal with problems in their studies or childhood.
“He is a friend, a guide, the nourishing Bread on our journey to eternal life.
Tei Lyngdoh 65' for Mookaswan Dongnein scored the equaliser.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Narendra Modi will be sworn in as the new Prime Minister of India tomorrow.
The Jaintia (East) conquered the Sutnga Hima and the Hamsaïa Madur-Maskut Hima from the “Land of the 30 Kings”, while the Khasi (West) conquered all the other Hima. Hima is still valid in “The Land of the 30 Kings”.
There have also been complaints from youths who are trying to stand on their own feet by working as suppliers in the transportation of coal, ore and other commodities to these cement plants.
It was not an easy journey for Tura after it was their turn to tied but Agatchu Chetai K Marak scored the most runs with 28 runs. be small but helped the team reach their goal.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 97 cases and in West Khasi Hills, 42 cases.
Due to the absence of a candidate from the Shillong Seat, the Trinamool Congress in Mawkyrwat Constituency has given freedom to its supporters to support any party of their choice.
The clash occurred between the residents of Lumrit and the residents of Lumdiengngan. Due to the ban on the burial of the man at the Lum Jingtep, the District Administration through the Magistrate and Police had to to immediately go to Umrit Village to protest against the ban on the burial of this man at this cemetery.
Taking part in the budget speech in the House, Dr Roy said, “I agree with the statement of the Minister of Transport that Khasi liquor should be legalized so that the government can revenue and it will no longer be illegal".
We have an Election Committee, and it is the All India Congress Committee that will decide to approve the names of the candidates.
This is an abuse of human rights just because there is no Aadhar, the union will not stand idly by on this issue, it will come forward to seek clarification regarding the dismissal of I Kong. Mercy Lamin Amdep.
Nongpoh: Police have arrested a 9-year-old Heprit girl for allegedly raping a 9-year-old girl in Umden area of ​​Ri Bhoi District. to catch the thief.
Lumpaia Avengers CC won by five wickets against Pomshutia CC and Pomshutia CC player Ralphy Heinrich Diengdoh was named Player of the Match.
Leaders of the two organizations also urged the village to close down the dhaba while the investigation is ongoing. light and come awria.
Because almost all the parents in the villages have understood that their children should go to school like others.
Think carefully about the suffering of the Bhoi, Maram, Lyngngam, Khyriam, War should be included...if the Pnars think they are not Khasi.
These are the generations of the nations that came up against Israel, even unto this day.
Shillong, November 27: On November 23, 2016, six MDCs of KHADC were sworn in as new MDCs who have just won the mid-term MDC elections.
“On our part, we understand that the backwardness of the state is due to the increase in corruption. Therefore, we promise to do so. “The retired Supreme Court Judge should investigate all corruption cases in the state,” he said.
To curb the spread of the disease, he announced the rules for commercial and private vehicles in the district. According to the rules, vehicles that can seat 5 passengers should seat 4 passengers including the driver.
Spanish football club Barcelona have increased their stake in the Spanish La Liga to 1.45 billion euros ($1.6 billion) in a statement. The club has allocated funds for the renovation of the Camp Nou stadium on July
Shillong: The Rngaid Development Society (ADA) will hold the grand final of the Got Talent Season-III on 29th June 2020 at Mawkyrwat from 11 am. to 8 p.m.
In the same year, she went to raise a flag against the visit of the Governor with a slogan in foreign languages ​​saying “It's better to be beheaded than to lose an inch of my land”.
“The public has multiple minds.
When we are waiting and expecting the second coming of the Lord Jesus, it is not right to sell everything and sit and wait for Him on the top of the mountain.
The Minister of State in charge of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek was the chief guest at the celebration of the 18th Anniversary of the petrol pump. He also inaugurated the petrol pump set up by M/S NES Jorobat to provide fuel services to small vehicles such as SUVs, Cars and Sdans whether petrol or diesel.
They were in contact with a case in Fancy Bazar, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam.
Alexshon Mylliem Umlong received a donation for his trip to Uttar Pradesh.
Furthermore, the KSU Mawkynrew Circle has urged the government to take measures to build roads in the villages which do not have roads.
Last November, the disease had decreased, but in June this year, it started appearing again in parts of Ri Bhoi District.
“When I was accused as the chairman of all the rebel groups in the state, the image of the whole of Meghalaya and not only me was tarnished.
Esheldonald Syiemlieh scored the first goal for Kynshi Mawria.
According to this video, it was witnessed that the cleaning is done afterwards because it is very easy to remove the newly cleaned color by hand.
Some of these teachers may be older because they get teaching jobs when they are older.
On this day, the students were taught about the changes in the body of women by showing pictures which can help the students to learn more.
Five states, including Maharashtra, Delhi and Tamil Nadu, have 85.5 per cent of the cases and 87 per cent of the deaths. from this disease.
Speaking on the issue of land dealers, the Minister said that the issue will be discussed with the Urban Affairs Department, the Municipal Board, the PWD Roads Department and other relevant departments.
The question is what kind of anxiety comes in the form of the heaviest burden in our lives.
“Children and students should be disciplined in life to avoid bad habits such as alcohol abuse to succeed in education,” said Bah Kharmalki and praised the KSU Narpuh for its efforts. KSU Narpuh 10th Anniversary Celebration.
Do you think he will talk about money, cars, helicopters...yes.
Replying to the question on what measures the union will take if the department does not do anything, Samla Forwardman said that the union is ready to go to court to get the rights of the people. which is a heprit.
In terms of health, the village has one Sub-Centre, one Asha, one Anganwadi and two Anganwadi Workers.
The WRC, also known as the Material Recovery Facility (MRF), was inaugurated by Dr. GH Chyrmang, MFS, Member Secretary, MSPCB as the Chief Guest at the meeting held on 17th June.
The mindset and behavior must be broadened so that we can accept and help even those who did not support during the elections.
Therefore, in order to revive this old seed, the JHDS has worked hard to encourage the farmers through various trainings especially to train the farmers to use this plant to make food including cakes and others. other foods to drink.
The young man was very sad because he couldn't do anything.
The VPP chief said first of all, he wanted to say that Bhagwat meant that the indigenous people of the state were once Hindus who were later converted to Christianity.
At present Queensland already has 80% of the stadiums needed to host the games with the expectation of improving and rebuilding them in order to continue to be able to use the stadiums. grounds in the future after the games have been held.
In the afternoon, 10 Rots were brought from different villages and displayed to the public with the sound of Bom ka Ksing, Bhuri or Tangburi along with risa ka kynoi. selected to participate in this ceremony.
In his speech, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem congratulated the party for winning the election under the leadership of Bah Wanarki Laloo as President through the hard work of the youth.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the 71 new cases include 66 cases from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from West Garo Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills and 1 case from East Garo Hills. there are up to 12 of them.
Although Shatai wanted to reveal the loss she had experienced in her life, the king's son was impressed by her beauty and decided to release Shatai from being left alone. I am ready to save my life.
Nongpoh: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) Sengkmie, under the leadership of Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, President, together with its members, today visited the residents of Nongwah Mawtamur, Mawtamur. that is, before the states of Meghalaya and Assam, fix the exact boundary.
The Minister of Home Affairs also urged the two sides to stop the violence but to turn to the peace talks.
According to the 30 youths, they were promised to be employed by E Chullet at MRDO in Jaintia Hills District.
In conclusion, I come to the point, which I mentioned at the beginning, and that is that I find that it is only in this journey that the spirit of speaking the Khasi language or the spirit of speaking the nation emerges. but in many other meetings, the discussion is to praise one's own party, to criticize the party of others, to praise one's own religion and to criticize the religion of others and even to praise the village and the area. and to speak evil of the village or area of ​​others.
Justice Sen started his teaching career after completing his BA and joined the legal profession in
If the government intends to act by force, as Daniel did not see, literally, there will be bitterness, not only, but there will be bloodshed in India.
The DHS said that through this lockdown, the government will encourage them to take action and to close the dam themselves. state.
In its order, the Court said that after receiving the opinion of some, the State Government has decided to amend the Blue Print which it has already prepared.
OL Snaitang who spoke on the history of patriotism of the Khasi from the past to the present by giving examples that the country and the nation has raised patriots like Syiem Tirot Singh and Phan Nonglait, Bormanik ka Mylliem Hima, Sngap Singh Syiem and King Nangbah who fought against the strong power of the French.
Some of the major projects in which Japan will cooperate are the Guwahati Water Supply Project and the Guwahati Sewage Project in Assam, the Northeast Road Network Connectivity Improvement Project in Meghalaya, the Bio -diversity Conservation and Forest Management Project in Sikkim, Sustainable Forest Management Project in Tripura, Technical Cooperation Project for Sustainable Agriculture & Irrigation in Mizoram, Forest Management Project in Nagaland and others.
The protest came after the Meghalaya High Court revoked the powers of the Dorbar Shnong and Rangbah Shnong in the state until one of the Sordars was arrested. contrary to the decision of the Court.
The National People's Party (NPP) has become stronger in Meghalaya and this time it is in West Jaintia Hills District. ) and three candidates from the two political parties have joined the NPP, the first political party in the North East to receive the National Party status.
The census was conducted by the National President of the BJP Mahila Morcha, Vanathi Srinivasan.
We have differences but that’s our strength and it doesn’t mean it’s going to tear us apart.
This was announced in a statement by Zandy Myrthong, Spoke Person of the Block Demand Committee and Christopher Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Block Demand Committee.
Complaints should be sent to the correct address and registration receipt number.
Basaiawmoit said that the actions of Amit Shah on the 23rd have caused the people to doubt the faith of the state government, which said that it has met and spoken to the ministers of the Indian government. , on the Inner Line Permit mat.
Six members were also elected.
During the suspension of the construction today, the union found that the signboard erection on the border and the road construction are going smoothly, but the affected land owners have not received even one anna.
The Rangbah Shnongs under the banner of the Union of Waheh Chnongs, Jowai have demanded from the government to collect the garbage that has been destroyed in every village.
The MLA has not only assisted the Tbeh Jingshai VO II but has already assisted the construction of the office of the Shlem Jingkyrmen Village Organization (VO) I through the SRWP. Also present were Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, Sordar of Jongksha, Mawkynrew C&RD Block NRLM, office bearers and SHG leaders. various, from the Village Organization and others.
The most surprising thing is that thousands and tens of thousands of people come out to see those festivals where young men and women come out with their khor ka khriam, where they want to see it. traditional dress.
Dr Aman said that some of the money was also released to the MLAs at the beginning of the Covid-19 pandemic in the state.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie, through the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee together with the Tymmen U San Committee, has completed the 'Kiew Pyneh Rngiew' which is 100 years old on the clearing of the holy mountain of the people, Sohpetbneng. on Wednesday, June 6, 2022.
The DC has banned the carrying of firearms by all license holders throughout the district.
In this regard, we would like to remind you that the parents of these children who have more and more wealth are still bringing in Dkhars to work in shops, factories, roads and houses. , the children are still in exile.
