“Yes, they are strong,” said the last.
“Because as of now we have had the state for 50 years but we have not seen anything and maybe that is why the people have turned to this new party in the state. VPP”, said Thomas Passah.
The soldiers in a statement said that they mistakenly shot dead these two men thinking that they were members of the GNLA. The incident took place at Konchikol near Kharkutta at 8 pm. :40 pm while the army and police were conducting a search and checking of vehicles passing by in the area on suspicion of GNLA members passing by.
Police have arrested three youths who confessed to driving the vehicle after shooting khawiang and found that the vehicle number ML05 U
Lyngdoh said the ceasefire means that the HNLC should stop carrying weapons, stop causing trouble in the society.
Speaking to media, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that during the meeting, the DC said that the work has already been prepared but it is still difficult to receive a letter from the government. comply with the rules.
VH Pala MP Loksabha who is also a member of the party attended the meeting in two parts which was conducted by Rtn.
Ecclesiastes 7:13 The Word of God says – “God has done this whether people fear him or not.
If there is no coal transportation, there will be no demand for this mineral, and the mining will end.
The State Government has renamed the Department of Labor as the Department of Labour, Employment and Skill Development.
The deceased were identified as Miss Carefully Wahlang, 13, of Nginong, Miss Queentimary Nonglang, 16, of Mawbyrkong, Miss Stralin Lyngkhoi, 18, of Mawbyrkong, Miss Danisha Nonglang, 21, of Mawbyrkong. Shantidora Lyngkhoi, 21, Roster Mawtyllup, 38, of Nongbudum, Trangborlin, 30, of Nongbudum, Stanbor Phyllut, 38, of Jejankho, 38 of Nongbudum. Rickstar Paliar, 55, of Nongbudum.
On the other hand, Congress MLA Process T Sawkmie also expressed his approval of the price of dohmasi by saying that the price of dohmasi has reached T.400 to T.450 per kilo while the price of dohmasi has reached T.400 to T.450 per kilo. The price of a small cow has reached T.20,000, while the price of a large cow has reached T.80,000 to T.90,0
Speaking on the occasion, Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA of the area, said, “If all these things are not from the Lord, they cannot succeed”. In 2005, he joined the College and tried his best to seek ways and means from the government by going even to Delhi to get the recognition of the College.
The Union does not serve only the Hima but the whole of Bri Hynniewtrep; Therefore, even though the Hima Mylliem has its own act and rules, the Union cannot sit idly by without thinking of other Syiemships, Sirdarships and others who have lost their lives due to the decision of the Kachari.
Speaking to media, Bah Lanong said that the victory and defeat will depend on the people who can bring peace or harm to the political parties in the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 18 : A young man has lost his life in the Chickra Manda River and another in the Simsang River.
From our state too, many non-natives have had to return to our states.
The DC has directed the SP to conduct an inquiry.
At such a time, it is very important to have understanding and determined leaders to protect us according to the principles of Khasi independence as mentioned by Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem Hima Nongkhlaw and Syiem Wicklieff. Syiem, Chief of Nongstoin Hima, said the statement.
In the Supreme Court's judgment in the case of Threesiamma Jacob v. Geologist Deptt, No. 864 2013, the Supreme Court has made it clear that the government does not own any mineral resources and therefore, It is only the land owner's responsibility to collect taxes and therefore, the action of the Meghalaya government is illegal and Para 9 of the Sixth Schedule states that the State Government can collect taxes, only from the coal mines, which are not available.
Speaking to reporters, the Principal of Shillong Public School, Bah Arun Warjri, said that the art of drawing in the state is not good because it is only taught to draw. it has not yet been able to attract and open up opportunities for interested and talented children in this field.
It's been a long time, I don't remember anymore, but in 2006, it was similar to the current one, which they turn off for many hours at night and many hours during the day.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng requests the government to provide immediate assistance to the farmers affected by this natural disaster according to the cost and to pay the cost on time.
After scoring this goal, the Nongthymmai S&CC team was like a shot tyndep for a while, it was Rangdajied who played only on the other side of the field, but in the end, Rangdajied will also be able to score 10 goals and score 3 points with this victory.
Speaking on the occasion, C Sangate, Additional Director, NACIN Zonal Campus in Shillong, said that besides other duties, the Central Government has assigned them to look after the GST in the country. whole.
As 75% of livestock farmers are farmers with 2-4 livestock, access to credit continues to be a major challenge in animal husbandry and dairy farming in India.
Speaking on the teachers, he expressed his deep sorrow to see the teachers having to take to the streets, protest and even sleep on the streets.
However, the court replied that it is the responsibility of the government to decide when the Roster System will be implemented.
After investigation, doctors confirmed that the woman died while her husband sustained serious injuries.
Jarain CSC beat Amlarem SC 1-0 in the Super Division Football League at Ladjaplem Mini Stadium, Amlarem on Thursday.
He was also elected to the Legislative Assembly in 2003 while serving as CEM of CADC. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has been appointed as the CEM of the CADC. In the CADC elections held on the 9th of this month, the MNF has won the election. won the title in 10 regions.
Shillong: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, has expressed its deep sorrow over the decision of the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District, to issue a permanent resident certificate to a foreigner. He is a native of Thangskai.
Police sources said that the truck overturned on the bridge from Shangpung to Jowai (on the right) and fell into the water.
Meanwhile, SWKH, which made its first appearance in the tournament, has lost to Ri Bhoi in the past few days.
Hasina was speaking at a meeting of the Awami League Italian Chapter at the Parco Dei Principi Grand Hotel in Rome on Tuesday.
Shillong: There have been 12 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
The Meghalaya Police Battalion headquarters at Khanduli village, West Jaintia Hills remains a temporary home, while the Assam government has strengthened and equipped its Border Police Outposts.
At the same time, he congratulated the participants for their hard work so that they can win the competition.
On the summons of the party leaders to the National Investigation Agency (NIA), he said that in a recent meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, the party had discussed the issue. section.
In some places, there were no security forces and the polling went smoothly.
The President of the AJCCTA, Balen Thubru, said that at the meeting of the JAC comprising the AJCCTA and the MPLU held recently at Hynniawmer, West Jaintia Hills, the JAC has agreed to They decided to demand from these dewbilat factories to immediately implement the government's decision to increase the fare of trucks transporting dewbilat from Lumshnong to other parts of the state and abroad as well.
He said the main objective of the campaign is to bring about collaboration between health teams, policy makers, researchers and especially the private sector and citizens.
Shillong Lajong FC will have to play two more matches to qualify for the semi final.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today sent a letter to the Director of Health Services (MI) Dr Aman War, seeking clarification and demanding investigation into the death of Manisha Turnia, 33, a nurse at Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong, has died of covid-1
For clarification, the Roster System according to the Meghalaya High Court is only a numerical description according to the above Resolution.
If the strong spirit is strong in the Khasi identity, it is time for the mind to be filled with the Khasi identity.
The source said that there are about 48 places where Katakey has not responded to the Government.
The HC also directed the government to prepare a plan for the auction of the 31.26 lakh metric tonnes of coal in different parts of the state.
“There are 4 dorbars in Jaiaw and I think there are still many things that we need to do and my goal is to bring about development and help the youth in this constituency,” he said. .
By Collin Wanniang When you talk about the nation, you often hear the words “Paradoh-Parasnam”.
“Let us bring back the reputation of Shillong as the city of education as in the past,” he said.
Another is the violence against minorities, especially Christians, even if it threatens the constitution of the country.
God says – “For Zion's sake I will not be silent” “Until Jerusalem is established and established, a praise in all the earth” Isaiah 62:1 / Isaiah 62:7
Produce and Livestock Marketing (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, 2020 as of January 21, 2020.
If the Council does not approve, they have promised to hold a protest in front of the District Council after the date set.
With another eye we must balance other needs such as freedom.
The player has now been awarded an A+ contract for his performance in all aspects of the tournaments he has taken part in.
The State Tuberculosis Officer, Meghalaya has conducted an awareness campaign on the dangers of TB and tuberculosis at Brookside Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
The wheat is a kind of plant and grows in the field.
“We hope that the 2023 MLA elections will bring about a change in the mindset of the people,” he said. vote to elect visionary leaders for the country and the nation”.
The New Generation Outreach Revival Assembly was founded in 1999 by Pastor Batkupar Dunai along with four brothers.
Announcing this, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem, said that the reason for the decision to postpone the meeting was after the MDCs of KHADC felt the need to talk to each other. and after that, the meeting shall be called again.
Jesus declared “Go now and leave the life of SIN.John 8:10-1
God has given Gog (the wicked ruler) of Israel a burial place.
He also stressed the need to take important steps to combat this employment problem.
Shillong: The government has called a meeting with the Sengbhalang on the 15th of this month to discuss the implementation of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act,
There have been several serious incidents of house fires in the past few months including the fire of a multi-storey house of a rich man in Khyndai Lad on 14th March
Regarding the seizure of the drugs, Giri Prasad said that the three persons have been charged under the NDPS Act and the investigation into the seizure is ongoing. to investigate and find others involved in this drug trafficking.
Nongpoh, July 16: The Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation Limited (MMDCL) has awarded the land to the private sector to build a petrol pump and a resort in the city of Nongpoh. The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today inspected the road and found that there are signs that the construction of the road has been completed. petrol pump and resort.
East Jaintia Hills opened the scoring through Sharaihababet in the 42nd minute, but after half an hour South West Khasi Hills opened the scoring through Felinda Pajuh in the 35th minute.
The BAI has already selected PV Sindhu, HS Prannoy, Chirag Shetty and Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Treesa Jolly and Gayatri Gopichand to lead the team. The selection was based on their BWF Top 20 rankings as of the 18th of last month.
The Project Director has been accused of stealing the signature of the MNREDA Director regarding the installation of 70 SLV stations in the state at a cost of T.88.87 lakh.
West Jaintia Hills District came first with 69.96 per cent, followed by East Jaintia Hills with 69.00 per cent and South Garo Hills with 26.57 per cent.
In his welcome speech, T Ram Phawa, Waheh Shnong of Ialong, congratulated SURE for bringing such a training so that the participants of the training. residents will be able to improve and improve their work.
The Chairman of Iawmusiang Village, Wompher Nartiang, said that the village has found that there are still people who spread garbage within the boundary of Iawmusiang from Thomas Jones Synod College Road, shops along the road. Iawmusiang and in front of the DC and this has undermined the hard work of the village to maintain cleanliness.
“However, on my part, I have said that we have a lot of work to do in this regard and I have promised to complete it on the 15th of this month, but at this time. “There has been another impact in the second phase of the pandemic where many of the jobs have been left standing and they cannot run as we have planned,” he said.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the random testing of the residents is part of the prevention and control measures. Community Spread.
The State Government has issued a notice on Tuesday to shift the North Jowai Division from Jowai to Shangpung.
in) or by calling 1967 without having to pay.
Let us take good care of the land and know that the land is not our present property, but it is our right to take good care of it for our future generations”.
Therefore, eat healthy foods to get these benefits.
There is no cure for the anna antu, which are dead in our body.
“We will set a record this time by sending two women from Meghalaya to Parliament,” he said.
At first he came up from the sea but because he died, he had to come back from the Abyss.
The new cases include EGH: 12, EJH: 26, EKH: 293, NGH: 05, RBD: 80, SGH: 08, SWGH: 05, SWKH: 27, WGH: 79, WJH: 89 and WH: 69.
Many of those who were invited to the 25th Anniversary of SBUK, some of them arrived at the venue and some of them could not attend for unavoidable reasons. He was not able to reach the venue, but on his part, during the 25 years of SBUK, he has sent 25,000 as a sign of his contribution, ( Rangdajied FC, one of the football clubs in the state, has sent its 25,000 to SBUK which has been running for 25 years.
Anyone who violates this order shall be punished under section 126 (2) of the Representation of People Act
So far, 6 employees of the Finance, Law and IPR departments under the Secretariat have tested positive for Covid-1 closed dam shipping.
The Spaniard has won all five of his matches against Tsitsipas and has become the youngest player in the Grand Slam to reach the semifinals since Novak Djokovic's 2007 season.
The Seng's follow-up on the college came after it was seen through the media that the Government has decided to cancel the soskular with the company awarded to build the College.
Shillong: U Timothy Shira, today filed his nomination for the post of Speaker of the Children's Legislative Assembly, while Bah David Nongrum, has filed his nomination from the Opposition Congress.
The deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills: 07, Ri Bhoi: 03, West Garo Hills: 02, South Garo Hills and West Jaintia Hills respectively.
They opened a bank account in Delhi in the name of Techno Global University and sent payments to those who bought fake certificates.
Shillong, November 6: The Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills District, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, on Tuesday said that the police are not only good at arresting thieves but also fellow human beings living in the society.
Bah Philip MarweinThe people of Meghalaya have suffered from the increasing power outages, and this outage has caused a lot of losses to everyone.
Liverpool beat Napoli 1-0 in the Champions League on Saturday night with Salah scoring the first goal in the 34th minute.
Shall the man suffer while the woman shall be at peace?
Prannoy, who won the Malaysia Masters Super 300 last month, will now prepare to face NG Long Angus of Hong Kong in the pre-quarterfinals. .
This will help these farmers in their income and in this world of COVID-19 it will help that people do not have to stand in line at the market to buy jhur.
He said that through the improvement of health services in the North East, people will avoid having to travel long distances to other parts of the country for treatment.
It would be good if they too would share quotes from the Bhaquat Gita, or quotes from the Quran, etc. This would show love and peace.
It gave you a lot of wisdom, a little bit of power.
The Congress has worked hard to defeat the BJP and remove its rule in the state.
The UDP has nominated Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah, who is the brother-in-law of Bah HDR Lyngdoh who followed in the footsteps of Bah HDR Lyngdoh in the political establishment.
Shillong: On the demand of some villages to remove the Containment Zones from their villages, the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, on Tuesday said that it is not the responsibility of the people to remove the Containment Zones from their villages. They decided to remove the containment zone.
First, the Commission, on 17th November, 2020, solicited the views of political parties in the country/state until 31st November, 2020 and continued until 11th November. , 2020 at the request of the political parties.
Congress MLA from Umsning Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, while raising the issue in the House on 21st October, said that in the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam, the land should not be affected. without donating anything.
“When they included the District Council initially, the Council worked quickly to complete and collect all the documents of the land on the border with us. also went to get the advice of the village officials.
Recently, the Meghalaya High Court has ordered the deployment of 10 pyrtons of CAPF personnel to check the smuggling of illegal coal in the state.
I'll wait until you answer whether that answer agrees with my view," Hiram concluded.
The message is clear almost like the writing on the wall.
Speaking from Delhi, State President Dr WR Kharlukhi said that this is the decision of the Prime Minister. The state, in which it is impossible to say who will become a minister from which party.
The border areas with Assam should also be resolved immediately to prevent the infiltration of people from the CAA and they will enter our Khasi Hills,” he said.
She received this award for her work as the Head Teacher of Educere Higher Secondary School at Samanda in Williamnagar, Meghalaya.
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss ways to strengthen Primary Agricultural Credit Societies (PACS) through Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs).
Bengaluru: Three thousand people have died of coronavirus in Bengaluru in recent days.
After the government warned to close down the shops if they violate, it was found that in the last 3 days there has been a strict compliance with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in the shops. wine.
The KSU Umsning circle leader was summoned to appear before the police on the grounds that they had seized a Traveler bus carrying about 16 passengers. foreigners, who came from UP and who intended to go to Silchar.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 147 cases and in West Jaintia Hills, 69 cases.
Other wicket-takers included Bipin (3/46 in 15.4 overs), Sudhir Sahani (1/37 in 8 overs) and Manish (1/47 in 22 overs).
In Shangpung Elaka, the turnout was 8637 from all 22 polling stations.
Why can't our people work in their own land? Besides, they have destroyed our land. They have to pay for everything else. We don't need land. It's not enough if you get the quaters...throw them away.
Other IOC officials who were present on the occasion were Ashim Paul Chowdhury, Manager Retail Sale, IOC and Aloke Marandi, Assistant Manager Retail Sale, IOC. .
Then cover the bottom of the hole with dry leaves and cover the edges of the hole so that the wheat does not come into contact with the soil.
The Association has demanded that the dewbilat companies in East Jaintia Hills District should provide the fare of the trucks at a reasonable price in order to survive and avoid the dewbilat companies. you're too expensive.
Sikkim's batsmen included Palzor Tamang (36), Lee Yong Lepcha (25) and Jeetendra Sharma (17) to lead the team to score 136 runs. batter in 38 overs.
Just 10 minutes before the end of the first half, Meghalaya had a chance to score through Oresterwell Langshiang.
A Punjab court has summoned Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge over his party's promise to ban the Bajrang Dal in Karnataka.
These shops are located at the house of Jeny Wahlang, opposite the CRP Camp Centre, Bariduwa on the NH
The by-election in Nongstoin has to be held after the death of MLA Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh recently after being the longest serving leader in the state and India.
“I congratulate you and I am very grateful for your joy with me in such things but to you young men and women of our village, I urge you to seek these things. These are not only to enjoy and spend time but also to build together through hard work, our wealth to contribute to the Jaitbynriew long lang of the Khasi people”, said the mother. love Sweetymon.
The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting is committed to bringing in a new era of transparency, law and order and preparing for the future of broadcasting in the country through the Draft Broadcasting Services (Regulation) Bill, .
The neighboring residents of these factories have been shocked because the nearby farms are no longer available, and especially the river which they used to use for cleaning is now suffering from the garbage. they shall not flow from the bread of the field, nor shall they come from it.
In my opinion, the word 'raibi' is an inherited evil that man cannot break or eradicate.
Those who attended the program included MJ Shylla, Child Development Officer D. Iakai, Waheh Shnong Jalaphet Bri Sutnga. , Bah R.Dkhar and others.
“When we went to the police, they said we will wait for the law.
The Symbud Mynri Rangbah said that in order to reduce this, they will not hesitate to find ways and means and try to ensure that the power outage should not be for only two hours.
However, we cannot say that the Khasi people have declined or declined in value because even today many of the families still hold on to the dignity and rights of the Khasi people. the people who know man know God.
Replying to a question, Marak said that South Tura is a constituency with educated and intelligent voters and therefore they will not vote for money.
When asked, Bah Kharraswai said, “We want the Government to take over the EMRI-108 as the Government has provided 90 percent financial support.
A man has been sentenced by the Special Judge (POCSO), Nongstoiñ to 20 years imprisonment and a fine of T.30,000 for involvement in the rape of a girl. only 15 years old.
Rangdajied FC scored the first goal of the match in the second half of the second half. Rangdajied FC scored the first goal of the match. minute through the 10th minute.
“Due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the interview could not be conducted for the advertised jobs, and since it has been five years since the The jobs have been completed, so we have sent a request for more jobs and there will be an advertisement soon.
Earlier, the Symbud Lamphang, Bah Sanbor Shullai, had resigned from the post without any clear reason.
This was stated by the Vice President of the party, Prestone Tynsong, while welcoming the party to Nehlang Lyngdoh. Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Tynsong said, “The NPP party has been growing rapidly in the months and days since the addition of skilled leaders to the party. The third time we have been able to hold a meeting to welcome the leaders who have joined the party and such meetings will continue in the future because many leaders will come to join the party. you party".
Ajoy said that the Kur has summoned the Dkhar, who is about 35 years old, to testify that he belongs to the Nongrum Kur. The Kur leader said that they will be able to speak clearly on the matter once they have received the facts from the Dkhar, as he believes that he has other members of his family, who This is the Nongrum tribe.
Captain: Darijo Srna , Manager: Niko Kovaè.
When he was the Minister in charge of the department , Bah Bindo said that the slaughterhouse will be built on a capacity of 240 heads of cows per day , many pigs and 160 goats.
Shillong, July 27: U John F.Kharshiing, on Tuesday said that he is not surprised by the statement of the Acting Chief of Mylliem Hima, Bah Ainam M.Syiem and the Ministers on Thursday against him. that the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima should first convene a Dorbar in which the children of the thousand will be informed and the opinions of the jutang shall be explained inside the Dorbar.
KSU Narpuh Circle on Tuesday announced that it will temporarily close the Toll Plaza/Tollgate at Lumshnong due to the flooding on NH-6 near Lumshnong Police Station for almost 10 months.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Dr Mukul Sangma today expressed his concern over the decline in the number of people who want to take up the agriculture sector.
Although the use of Ksew in any field has decreased these days, the need and importance of Ksew in the home is increasing.
On the 13th of October, the Lamphang, Thomas A Sangma, also visited the site of the Ïingdorbar at Mawdiangdiang and directed the contractors to clean up the garbage and the lyngkhot stones that remained inside somehow before the 15th of June.
Adelbert's remarks were on the MDC mid-term elections to be held on November 13,
Jowai, Lber 28: The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Puramon Kynjing on Saturday, 26th October, has approved a new village called 'Myntdu' in Jowai District.
She is very afraid of this.
One of the deceased was a 4 month old child.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya has announced the upgradation of the Western Ri-Bhoi Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub-Division. Civil Sub-Divi sion, Ri-Bhoi District.
The upgradation of Sohra Government College to Provincialized College has cost up to Rs 12 crore in
The order will come into force immediately so that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare can conduct tests for those who may be affected and quarantine and active surveillance to curb the spread of COVID-1
It is learned that besides Sumarlang, there are 2 or 3 other friends of his.
He said that change is needed and to achieve this change, the support and hard work of the voters of the constituency is needed to win KongGrace Kharpuri in the upcoming elections.
At present, after the NGT has banned the transportation of coal since May and after the Supreme Court has released, no one has come to file the challan or pay for the transportation of coal. ban 9 tons per hundred kit.
Friends who hate me, it is better that you don't read any of my writings, let only those who don't hate you read.
Explaining about the scheme, the Chief Minister said that if anyone loses his life in mob lynching, the compensation will be T.2 lakh and T.2 lakh. .1 Lakh for persons injured in such an accident.
To blame IIT Rookee for this incident is completely inappropriate.
As the time approaches, you need to exercise to avoid swelling in the back of the body, the throat and to improve the pregnancy.
The sports tournament was concluded with the presence of Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President KSU Ri Bhoi as the chief guest, Bah Pyndin Mawnai, Rangbah Shnong of Lawbyrwa, Kong Phailin Nongrang. , Principal of the school, teachers, students, elders and others.
He will be willing to proceed because he has received the NoC from the village and if there is no NoC I don't think he will proceed.
The struggle is the way to demand the rights of any work, because the demand by the way, is the best way.
There will be skilled doctors and nurses from Shillong and Guwahati who will provide free treatment on this day without discrimination of religion or ethnicity.
This will have to go through an investigation by the airline's relevant authorities.
In the third match, Newhills beat Mookaswan Dongwah 2-0 with Rguel Dkhar scoring in the 59th minute and Odame Lyngdoh in the 59th minute. at 60 minutes.
Shillong, July 4 : The heavy rainfall from the eastern parts of India has now reached all the states of the region. The IMD has forecast that rainfall will continue in the North East and Meghalaya till 7th July
The BJP will form a government alone,” said Sarma, who is also the leader of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA). the world championship.
One person died and was taken to GTB Hospital after clashes between supporters and opponents of the CAA in eastern Delhi.
We used to tell them why you are not employers and entrepreneurs.
We will send a letter to the NBPGR in Delhi to stop this counting of wages,” said Bah Bandari.
“The Minister said that the length of highways has increased from 10,905 km in 2014-15 to 13,710 km now.
In the Tuber Raij, the Longdoh is the head of the ritual and performs the ritual in the presence of the Wasan, Sangot, Maji, Chutia, Dhulia, Kitkhoh and Tymmen Raijs.
This influx has reached the point where the Dkhars and other ethnic groups are more numerous than the Khasi-Pnar and Garo in Meghalaya.
He said that the involvement of the private sector as well as the Hima in all these activities has been a record in the state although the government has not been able to provide assistance. , but they took upon themselves the responsibility for the benefit of the majority of the church.
Jual Oram said the Government of India has set a target of building 462 EMRS across the country in the next five years and out of these 36 have been proposed to Meghalaya and it will soon be approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.
Speaking to media, he said that so far, 12 people have been confirmed positive for Covid-19, of whom 5 are BSF personnel. The BSF has declared it a containment area and the BSF has not allowed anyone to enter or leave the area.
He said that the opening of these factories will increase the environmental temperature in the Narpuh area which in the past 40 years has been between 24-26 degrees Celsius in the summer. The temperature has risen to 30 degrees and above due to the production of carbon dioxide by coal factories.
He said that to move forward with this work, the party has called a public meeting on the 2nd of November at Rangthong to inform the people of this decision and the directive from the party.
Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Ashok Chavan also sent an update on the number of deaths at the hospital.
Dr Kharsyiemlieh, who is also a retired Judge of the District Council Court, said that these meetings will be held in two constituencies in South West Khasi Hills, Mawkyrwat and Langrin. in Mawkyrwat and the date will be on the 21st of this month.
This is not just a program but a major effort to raise awareness among the people about the importance of cleanliness.
He said that the Sohra Hima has also violated the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act,
Punjab Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann personally supervised the search for Amritpal, which was completed at 4 am this morning.
This was announced by Minister Rakkam A. Sangma to reporters.
About 14 employees of the Teesta Stage 3 Dam in Chungthang have been stranded inside their workplaces.
Let us briefly turn to how this fruit that scientists in the subject of biology have given the name “u Sohkwit” or in botanical terms “Citrus macroptera” is very valuable to us human beings, and Let us see how this kind of soh is really powerful and how we should take care of it or how we should eat or use it.
According to reports, Slinder Turnia (29 years old) has been detained in the village jail at the request of his relatives. the village.
:A new Khasi song, which was released on the 21st of July 2023, is titled 'Jinghiambrew' and is sung by Mewanshwa Nongrum.
These drones can be used by China to send reconnaissance and monitor the condition of the areas it intends to attack.
The Odisha Government has decided to extend the sponsorship for the men's and women's hockey teams as well. which includes the Senior and Junior teams for the next 10 years from 2023-2
The deceased were from Arunachal Pradesh.
SHILLONG: The Government of Meghalaya will have to follow the provisions of the Lokayukta Act and will not deviate from it.
Shillong, Lber : As part of the celebration of World Oral Health Day, the Department of Dentistry, NEIGRIHMS on the 24th of this month conducted an Oral Awareness Camp at Reach Shillong Ministries. You are the head of the All Education Campaign, Laitkor.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Emika M Syngai, General Secretary of the Junior Christian Endeavor Society Mawkhar, said that the Carol is held every year and this year more than 500 people have come to participate.
Before giving a plaque from the matingang, it was felt that it should be warned that it might float or infect others.
The total amount of revenue due has been found after the AG has prepared the estimate and the amount due is T.97,46,45,425/-.
“We stand for one flag of the nation regardless of party or party,” said the KHNAM MDC. While Bah Latiplang Kharkongor said that the protest is not for anyone but for the nation and the party. your future.
The HYC Nongkhla Unit, has sent 100 grams of rice and 10 byrni rice to the family.
According to the CCIB leaders, if the signboard is allowed to be erected at a distance of 150 yards, Dawki and Muktapur will go to Bangladesh.
Shakliar Warjri, the HSPDP MLA from Mawthadraishan, will get the post of Minister from the party while the BJP has elected Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek.
“That is why we have decided to join the NPP because the leaders respect the party office bearers,” they said.
Sawakahi was also named Player of the Match.
On the 4th, which is the closing day of the Lukha Festival, there was a trekking, which went through the forest. The trek was led by the staff of the Wildlife Department, which was also attended by NSS members from Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat.
Indeed, there has been assistance to improve agriculture but somehow the livelihood and well-being of the farmers has not changed or will not improve at all.
It doesn't mean that he is the leader of the UDP and he will be the leader of the people of Khasi and Jaintia. There are still many leaders”.
Three wickets were lost after wicketkeeper Dipankar Baruah caught the ball.
In Ri-Bhoi, there are no coal mining factories, but three out of nine coal mining factories are operating.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Kynton Massar will hold a cleanliness drive on the 12th of this month and there will also be a curfew on that day and time.
The bodies have been left unmoved in the belief that after three days, the victims will survive. 524 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and 7 people have died. The death toll has risen to 1154 in the state on Saturday.
“But in the election itself I don't count sting and I don't count sting any candidate, I remember when I contested against Bah JM Pariat – he said that I was only a child, but when “It was the time I won and I was surprised and I remember at that time people said that I was a Giant Killer,” said Hek.
Besides the trade in sohñiamtra, the British also violated the rules by trading in other commodities in the Khasi Hills, such as coal and coal.
Nongpoh, July 21: The people of Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division, Ri Bhoi District, today for the first time celebrated the Independence Day of Meghalaya. Meghalaya has celebrated its 51st anniversary of independence after the state government recently upgraded the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub Division.
The opposition leaders were speaking at a march of tens of thousands of farmers in front of Parliament today.
I also acknowledge that in terms of the allocation of jobs (even the allocation of special education) there are shortcomings in the State Reservation Policy –
Computer Baba, a religious leader, has been appointed Children's Minister in the Madhya Pradesh government for six months; However, today, he resigned and accused the BJP government in the state of being anti-religious.
He also expressed his concern over the incident in Mukroh where three people were shot dead by the Assam police last year due to the failure to demarcate the border.
The mother of Bah Marbaniang, Kong Dorothy Marbaniang, has gone to the court to request for a thorough investigation into the incident.
If children have a sore or swollen face or legs, or are weak and slow, they should be referred to a health worker.
Kennedy said that the traffic of petrol vehicles on the National Highway 6 is not less than 400 vehicles per day, including those that bring petrol to Meghalaya, those that go to Silchar, If the road is not open, they have to pass through Meghalaya.
Dehradun: A few hours after Narendra Modi uttered the slogan #MainBhiChowkidar or I too am a watchman, he said on Saturday that no one Rahul Gandhi, who has worked hard for the development of India, is the showkidar, now it is the turn of Rahul Gandhi, who has raised the issue of the purchase of Rafael jets from a French company.
“You will judge the people who are righteous”.
Introduce a law to govern the teachers as well as a system regarding the payment of salaries.
Daowan Passah took two wickets for Moodymmai.
Before the welcome ceremony, Sam, Aba and Rishisha held a short program at Mawngap Taxi Stand, Ïewduh with a speech by Bahdeng Dohtdong, Head of Ïewduh, Rishisha Mynsong. Wanz Dance Evolution, Mawlai in the presence of taxi drivers, tympew vendors, soh vendors and jhur vendors.
“Don't worry about the daily allowance because this money is only to attract your vote, once you win all the money will go to their pockets,” said Ma Pariat.
In East Khasi Hills, 282 cases, West Garo Hills 116, Ri Bhoi 99, West Jaintia Hills 86, South West Garo Hills 22, South West Khasi Hills 13, Eastern West Khasi Hills 28, North Garo Hills South Garo Hills 12, East Jaintia Hills 18, West Khasi Hills 25 and East Garo Hills
In the second innings, the batsmen of Striker XI managed to score only 74 runs after losing all their wickets. if 11 is good.
God chose the house of Purno as He chose the house of Joshua after the death of Moses to lead.
The policeman was arrested on Friday.
We remember when the Disciples came to Jesus privately on the Mount of Olives and asked: What means your coming and the end of the world? But Jesus said that there would be scoffers, wars, famines, famines, earthquakes, house-to-house fights, labor pains, and all these things must happen but they are not yet. they are not the end of the world but only signs of the beginning of the tribulation.
He has been an outstanding player for India in recent years and we have been trying for a long time to bring him to the club at the right time.
“Now I am filled with sorrow because I have had to take the decision to leave KHNAM, for the reasons that I was forced to leave,” he said.
There are 29,542 voters in this constituency who will decide whom to send to the Assembly as their MLA.
In the running competition, Daniel L. Wahlang and Marqueenless Ramsiej won 5,000 tyngka, Wolbetstar Ramsiej and Lynti Jingkyrmen K. Jahrin won 3,000 tyngka. Kresstarjune Pathaw and Claire Jones Jala came third with a cash prize of 2,000 tyngka each.
Seiñ Raij Tuber expresses its gratitude to the Department of Art & Culture and Tourism, Government of Meghalaya, the Department of Health, MePDCL. Department, as well as the office of the Superintendent of Police, Fire Service Station East Jaintia Hills and the entire police force, JHADC, District Administration East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills. , Disaster Management Department, as well as the Meghalaya Aids Control Society for their support in the successful and flourishing Behdeiñkhlam celebration.
Her relationship with Salman ended in 1999, when Somy moved back to the US to continue her studies.
These include EKH: 37, RBD: 4, WGH: 1 and WKH:
It is not surprising that if the central government does not provide funds, it will be very difficult for the state government to build roads in the rural areas because the budget of the state PWD department is very low even to maintain them. There will be no money for the roads that have been destroyed and to build a new road will be an unthinkable difficulty.
The District Handloom Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Government of Meghalaya has joined in the celebration of National Handloom Day at a program held at Mukhap CFC cum Production Centre, Mukhap CFC cum Production Centre, West Jaintia Hills District. MLA Nujorki Sungoh was the chief guest and Deputy Commissioner Bah Batlang S Sohliya was the chief guest.
Shillong: The Congress has decided to contest again for the Lok Sabha seat from Shillong Constituency.
For us the Khasi people, we don't have such a day for the Khasi or Hynniewtrep, we don't have such a day for the Christians, Hindus, Muslims and others.
She said that the HSPDP is one of the parties which has a strong foundation to serve the Khasi Hills.
The purpose of the celebration is to encourage the children to stay in school and also to complete their studies.
Furthermore, the tournament was held for the students of the University and also for the students from other colleges.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the KSU Mawlai, Samla Rapborlang Nongrum, the KSU Mawlai said that the arrest of the President of the KSU Mawlai does not mean that it is a victory for the government, but it increases the morale. “Don't force the youth while they are walking on the right path, lest it lead them to take another path,” said the statement.
The KSU has been protesting against the railway line for almost 10 months but the government has not called for talks with them. that it shall call for talks to resolve the issue.
His body was recovered today from the river.
Shillong, Lber 15 : U BJP Leader and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday met with the Minister of State for Science and Technology, Jitendra Singh. at his residence for many development works related to the state.
The meeting was attended by Bah Charles Marngar MDC Mawhati who expressed in the dorbar the problems faced by the people in his constituency and the harassment from time to time in Assam. He also suggested that all the MDCs should visit the border villages to understand the problems faced by the people.
“We have tried through MRSSA too.
To the Jews the Temple was an integral part of the Nation.
He said that the people of the four constituencies of North Garo Hills want to come back to power once again.
After the end of the Anglo-Khasi War in 1833, the Hima Shillong also began to split into two parts and finally was divided into the Hima Mylliem and Khyrim as suggested by AJM Mills in 1853 (Giri, 2012).
As the MBA, I am pleased to see the presence of such unions or clubs and training centers operating not only in Shillong but also in other parts of East Khasi Hills and hopes that with the presence of According to the MBC, the chess industry in this city will continue to grow.
We would like to inform you that a Telegram group has been created specifically for the purpose of receiving complaints from fellow prostitutes, to publish necessary announcements and also to discuss their problems. in relation to the work they do; not for other reasons.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Pius said that he has a desire to bring about change in Ranikor which has not changed at all even though it has had the same MLA for 20 years.
On Tuesday morning, the VPP leaders, led by the President, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, turned to the Secretariat to force the Government to re-appoint the three officers. he was appointed by the Lokayukta.
Besides, Bah Tariang said that the Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong has already appealed to the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to remove the land. The Dorbar Shnong's visit to the garbage dump has not reached anywhere and has stopped.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Drugs Coalition of Meghalaya today met with the media to express its opposition and anger over the incident on 7th July 2019 at Polo which the police have seized. The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ATF) has shot and killed drug users on social media.
All the children looked at him.
The leading office bearers of the MPUF-Khliehriat Circle are Sanjoy Bareh President, General Secretary Thawlad Lyngdoh and 15 other members.
Fr.Manbha Pakem said that the JHDS has a responsibility to share the problems faced by the people at such times and urged the residents not to be afraid. false news spread on social media about the COVID-19 pandemic, but to follow the directives of the Government.
Two other district councils in the state including JHADC to GHADC have faced a severe shortage of funds until they have found it difficult to pay salaries to their employees.
He said that the TMC party has set a target to do for the state if it can form a government, namely to create up to 3 lakh jobs 1000 tyngka per month and 12,000 tyngka per annum to those who young people who have not yet received a job.
In 1990, a group of traditional musicians invited Bah Risingbor from his village to go to All India Radio and Doordarshan Kendra to record songs in the programs of these programs. traditional music.
Samla Belldona Pakyntein (Low Kick -48kg), 2.
Are these teachers and their children criminals? “Are they members of any group that has been illegally recognized by the Government? Did they carry any weapons or protest with any illegal idea which prompted the Police to fire tear gas at them?” “In our opinion through the videos, we without seeing that these teachers or their children carry any weapons or show any signs of committing illegal acts.
The Government has assisted more than 13,000 farmers in Jaintia Hills.
Saphai MDC Habahun Dkhar launched three ambulances in his constituency at a meeting held at three places in Psiar, Iooksi and Saphai on Tuesday.
“The heavy rainfall has damaged the livelihood of these families including the rice which has been collected in the fields,” said General Secretary FKJGP Nartiang Wednesday Dkhar.
The demands of these four organizations include the implementation of the Inner Line Permit, the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act, 2016, as well as the implementation of the entry and exit. point and also to implement the District Task Force Committee through the MRSSA, 2016 in the state, to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
When they met with the officer, they were led by Kong Iaishah Rymbai, where they explained the problems they faced due to the power outage. MePDCL officials have been informed to take action regarding the power outage, but no one has taken action and for that reason, the residents of the village have left the village. MePDCL office in Umiam.
The department has also announced the policies known as the Meghalaya Drug Abuse Prevention Policy, 2020 and the Meghalaya State Policy,
He is a resident of Umlyngka in East Khasi Hills.
We should talk about the issue of providing health facilities of the same quality as RIMS of Manipur or AIIMS or CMC or any prominent private hospitals in the country like Apollo, Fortis hospitals and so on. etc.
Speaking to reporters, the Superintendent of Police (SP) Herbert G Lyngdoh said that the police have arrested the suspect from a vehicle in the area. Mairang said he did not want to return to Nongstoiñ.
This was announced by the General Secretary, Bah Y.Suchiang.
According to Pynshngaiñ, it is understood that the PDF meeting has not taken any decision on the NOC, whether it will be canceled or not as the EC has already decided, but the matter has been sent back to the NOC. the EC to look again at what needs to be done.
The ceremony was inaugurated by Kong M Ampareen Lyngdoh as the chief guest in the presence of Kong Jasmine Mary Lyngdoh as the chief guest.
Shillong: The Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) on Thursday withdrew the request to celebrate the 14th of this month as Cow Hug Day. The condemnation has spread widely on social media.
Regarding the appointment of an independent inquiry, Lahkmen said that the Additional Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District has been appointed to find out the root causes of the incident. This happened after these six prisoners escaped from the jail.
“We would like to request the Government to implement the order according to the law,” said the MCTODA leader. The meeting will be held on the 30th of this month in Shillong.
Example If I am from the Thongni clan and my husband is supposed to be from the Lyngdoh clan although I don't have a husband yet but I put it as an example to clarify Thongni to them.
Ebrin Lyngdoh, 63, of Khliehriat, Shillong, was admitted to Supercare Hospital on April
On the other hand, Bah Sakilang Chyrmang, President EJNC-SC, expressed his deep sorrow over the infiltration of foreigners into Sumer, EJHD especially after seeing what happened in Ishamati, East Khasi Hills District, where the authorities have attacked and taken the life of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, who is also a member of the KSU. , to curb the infiltration of foreigners into the village and urged them to cooperate with the EJNC – Sumer Circle, in order to ensure peace and order in the area.
We at home treat you like a boss,” said Gracia.
JOWAI: Raliang village has been selected by the Government of India as the first Digital Village in West Jaintia Hills District.
The National General Secretary of the AITC also alleged that the NPP-led MDA government has given away the land of the people to Assam just to impress the rulers in Delhi.
“In 2010, the Nongspung Hima had also sent a letter to the Meghalaya Government to set up a Police Outpost at New Balakhawa and to build a road from Patgoan to Balpara to protect the border of the Nongspung Hima. from Meghalaya,” said Sunn.
There was no question and answer session after BJP MDC Lakhon Biam, who raised many questions regarding the council's funds, failed to attend the meeting.
This will also be Benfica's 38th title in the tournament.
Archana – 8281655772, Dr.Sr.
Police have registered a case under section 392 IPC against the suspect.
The office also did not provide information on the number of Christians who marry non-Christians and those who belong to traditional religions.
Shillong, October 20: The UDP Lawsohtun Unit on Tuesday renewed its office bearers in the South Shillong MDC Circle. Jemino Maw wrote.
Behdieñkhlam 2021 will coincide with the celebration of the 75th Independence Day of India and the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
The RBYF has promised to open the bank soon, so that it will bring peace to the people of the area.
It was on the evening of the 15th at 11 pm that the villagers, family members and the 19-Shillong South Women Association, raided the woman from Mawlai to Rhino.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the Minister said, “We have changed the working methods of the MPSC and the appointment process as a whole by creating more Boards so that it can speed up the process. in relation to employment.
He said that any person who works can register as a voter in his or her own constituency.
Among the various parts of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills, the Bhowal Hima is one of the Khasi Himas which the Assamese have tried to invade for help.
Mrunal Thakur, who has been rejected from a film just because of Priyanka, has shown that she has not lost hope at all. Now I have the opportunity to act not only in Bollywood but also in Tollywood.
When they pay, the Engineers of the Divisions have to deposit with the temporary government while the work is not completed. long,that even such payments do not have funds.
Earlier, MS Rao, Principal Secretary (Home Department) read out the announcement that the Pynursla Civil Sub-Division will be operational from today and handed over the necessary documents to the SDO (Civil). The first member of the new Sub-Division, Bah D.Hynniewta, MCS. The meeting was enriched by many participants with songs, traditional dances, musical instruments. The theme song of the North Eastern singer Anthony Kongwang.
At University Hospitals Birmingham, 408 people have died, followed by Nottingham University Hospitals with 279 and Frimley in Surrey with
This investigation was important because it opened the door for the Senate to investigate many other corruption cases in the years to come.
Nongstoiñ, November 15: The National Federation of New States (NFNS) led by Professor Munish Tamang, has launched a massive protest against 40 states in the North East. The election, which started on Tuesday, November 14 at Janatarmantar Square in Delhi, ended on Friday, November
At the same time, the Seng has decided and urged the Honorable CEM of JHADC, the Deputy CEM, the EM Incharge of Taxation and all the EMs to hold a public hearing on the JSU Central Body President Samla Lawyerson War said in a statement that the JSU Central Body has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
The age screening of the U-14 and U-16 teams will be held at four venues including Shillong, Tura, Mairang and Jowai. Shillong, West Khasi Hills in Mairang, Jaintia Hills in Jowai and Garo Hills in Tura.
He said that in fact, the intention of the central government is to set up a National Law School University in each state. Speaking at the meeting, the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, Dr. P. Nongtdu, said that that Jaintia Hills District is one of the most neglected districts in terms of access to the needs of the people especially in terms of educational institutions. He said that Jaintia Hills is a rich area in terms of natural resources and natural resources but the people are not. He said that if the government sets up this law school in Jaintia Hills, it will benefit the students of this area, because such places Government schools are low paid so it will help a lot to enable those who are low income to be able to attend such government schools.
This is exactly like the treatment of this woman and is no different from the violation of the human rights of all human beings.
Furthermore, the KSU Sohra Circle has authorized the Units to monitor and if found guilty, they will take the necessary action.
On these issues, the DC promised to take action for the benefit of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah AL Hek, congratulated the management of the Petrol Pump, for being able to bring in the place to fill up the electricity supply for the electric vehicles. electrical.
It was she who lectured face to face, and he didn't answer.
I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because of this woman's speech to us young people especially to us men. But you should know before you go abroad who will give you the opportunity if it's not your father or brothers. Before you complain, you should know where it comes from and it doesn't only condemn us, it condemns even the state of our country. I don't know why we don't accept the apology from the social media page. It should come from the press in our state and not from the online. Well said Mr Khmihbha, don't you think you want to insult only us but first your family and insult all the children of the nineteenth century...Well said Mr Khmihbha .
She said that many people have learned about HIV, AIDS and how it is transmitted, but sadly there is a discrimination, discrimination and discrimination against patients. residents of the village.
The institute is popularly known as a blood donation center where people from all over the country come to donate blood.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “If the party is strong, I want to contest for the post of MP”.
Vincent, who has just been appointed as Working President, said he will work hard in 2018 to bring the Congress party back to power.
Speaking to reporters by phone, Dr. LD Sangma said that the PHC in Shallang provides services to more than 25,000 people in the Shallang area. and it is also difficult for them to provide adequate services due to the shortage of nurses and staff.
According to the order, the SDO has directed all the Waheh/Rangbah Shnong/Secretary Shnong of Amlarem Sub Division to immediately inform the office of the Sub Divisional Officer (C) and also to their respective Police. Station about the death before going to the funeral or before performing any religious activities.
It was built by a king who fights to protect his thousands of children and his kingdom, not by a king who fights against him in anger.
They expressed their concern over the lack of attention of the government to the area, as it is an area which is lagging behind in many development projects, but what they need first is the street.
He said that in all the social agreements signed after 2019, the Modi government has worked hard and taken steps to implement all the terms.
Wear shoes or slippers to avoid insects that can make you sick.
The President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia, Bah Daniel Khongsit, said that all Rangbah Shnongs in War Jaintia should not issue Syrnot or any documents to prove their identity to foreigners. that they should receive any benefits as we as the indigenous people share, because this poses a great danger if the Rangbah or Nongialam Shnong do not have that responsibility for their village.
Ltd under the leadership of the President, Bah Ransom Sutnga and the National Director, Eldora Lyngdoh.
The budget for this scheme is T.126.76 lakh with a special allocation of T.3.35 lakh for the maintenance of this road within five years. The project was completed in 2013 and these villages have received lynruh lynrah roads and khohruh khohram roads from this budget.
But the more you throw the stone, the more holy fruit it becomes.
If the Government ignores the protest, after the SSLC and HSSLC examinations, FASToM will hold a mass protest in which more than 50,000 teachers will take part,” said FASToM Spokesperson Mayborn Lyngdoh in a statement. was sent to the media on Tuesday.
Others who attended the ceremony included Marak, Deputy Director of Social Welfare Department, LM Momin, Assistant Director of Social Welfare Department and K Marbaniang, District Social Welfare Officer, East Khasi Hills.
We have also increased the ethanol content of petrol from 0.67% in 2012 to 10% in 2022, and recently changed the target to increase this to 20% by 2025-2 the previous target was
I too spent a whole day to listen to that PDF sermon. After the meeting I gathered some of the elders.
Through the Mission, 17,665 farmers have benefited.
The call was made after a power outage on Saturday morning, which started at 4 pm and continued until 4.30 pm. If you are a reporter, please call this number.
In the dry areas where the water flows sharply, if the trees do not get enough water from November to March, the brisoh may disappear completely.
In NEIGRIHMS alone, the number of cases in the food pipeline has increased to between 1,000 and 1,200 per month. year.
For educational institutions: although the Ministry of Human Resource Development of India has special educational institutions for agriculture and farming, we see that those who go to train Most of them can go to this school after completing secondary school.
At the meeting held at Madan Iew Syiem, Mawkdok, the Union, which includes these three villages, also decided that the price of metalized stones will be T.3500/-. cubic meters or 4 jeep trailers.
Nongstoiñ: The ninth match of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament 2018, organized by the Laitkseh Sport Club, will be held on the 6th of this month on Saturday. Shillong Lajong FC will play against Marbisu FC. The Tournament Committee of the tournament has announced that the match will start at 2:00 PM and At the same time, the LSC invites the football fans of the area to come and witness the match.
“If the Meghalaya Congress Committee had started doing so, it would have been for the benefit of the people of the state,” said one of the leaders.
Shillong, July 22: The 500 mark in the Personal Interview for the post of Magistrate in KHADC has shocked the UDP party and has prompted it to think about the interview for the candidates.
The decision came after the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, called for talks with the leaders of the SSA School Teachers Union who have been on strike for four days and three nights near the Additional Secretariat.
This is happening around the world and in the country as well until the Government of India has had to take strict measures to shut down those channels which publish news as much as they can and as much as they find without search out the truth.
At the same time, KHNAM has confirmed that the life and death of ARPA will be discussed tomorrow at the meeting.
“Therefore, the government has decided to continue to subsidize fertilizers for the benefit of the farmers so that once again they can revive their agriculture as usual,” he said. “This announcement by the Prime Minister and Symbud Prime Minister has caused thousands of people who attended the meeting to cheer with joy.
The market was the market of the Khasi children but now it has become the market of the bara mama and the Khasi children have disappeared.
“The attack on the Prime Minister's office is condemnable and the BJP wants all those who guilty should be arrested immediately.
Government employees have staged a 15-day strike on the demand for another increase in salaries in June 2021, which amounted to millions of rupees if the demand is met and this has prompted the officials They have decided to dismiss more than 4000 employees of the four State Transport Corporations in the state who are involved in the strike.
It has also struggled to express the needs of society and environmental protection measures.
The girls who will participate in this competition should be aged 19-27 years, tall 5.2 inches (without heels) and should be young. They are the residents of Ri-Lum Jaintia as well as those who live abroad who are still Pnar by proving by syrnot.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the Committee, said that the Regional Committee has sent its report to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The Assam government has decided to provide free accommodation for the DMC teachers at the Members' Hostel of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC).
“The BSF troops, who were well prepared and guarded, were able to thwart the drug trafficking plot and shot dead a Pakistani drug dealer,” said a BSF spokesperson. A Pakistani man was shot dead by the BSF while he was trying to smuggle drugs through the Ramgarh border area between Tuesday and Tuesday morning. " he added.
According to Bah Sutnga, the strike is a peaceful process and there will be a peaceful gathering of the people to protest against the government's decision on the closure of the National Green Tribunal ( NGT).
On the other hand, the Minister of Municipal Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that in order to generate revenue for the Municipal, it is necessary to amend the Meghalaya Municipal Act 1973 and the government has agreed to do so. .
College) including all the villages of Ladthadlaboh.
Speaking on the occasion, Tribeni Saikia, Manager, NHHDC, i/c Lifestyle and Entrepreneur Division, said that the mission of NHHDC is to promote the ability to market the clothes produced by the company. and the central government's Invest India scheme through ODOP (One District One Product) which means only one product from one district such as Gamosa in Assam.
The location of this village near the clean Umngot River and forests has attracted tourists from all over the world and now people from all over the world such as France, Germany, Israel, UK, Russia. and they came, said the leader.
The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has arrested 18 Sudanese women for allegedly smuggling gold worth T.10.16 crore from the airport in in Mumbai, police officials said, adding that they have also arrested an Indian woman who was an assistant in connection with the case.
The body of the youth was brought from Neighrims Hospital to the cemetery of the Catholic Church Marbisu at about 2 pm today for the funeral.
“When you allege that you need to have evidence and documents and even to shondur or ringdur them, but to just talk about the MDA government is a thief government I don't have time to. I don't spend time with this kind of person,” said Prestone.
The ceremony was held at the Training Hall of the DC's Office in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya, DSO Khroobok Passah, office bearers of the West Jaintia District Sports Association. including Working President, EMH Passah, Vice President Patrick Lamare, General Secretary, Lammatoo Laloo and others.
The arrested youth was identified as Gabriel Elvin Thabah, 33, resident of Bishop Falls, Lower Mawprem.
He said that in the next five years, the Government will spend up to T.1000 crore for the construction of sports grounds.
The HSPDP has recently announced the name of Bah Medalson Lyngdoh Tongkhar as the candidate from Mawkyrwat for the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections.
Many types of farming activities especially to promote those activities inherited from parents and ancestors who are strong in Ri Pnar.
At a time when Meghalaya and other parts of the country have experienced a rapid increase in the number of cases, many young children have returned to their homes and villages to protect yourself from harm later on.
Dr Mukul said this decision was taken because the state government has an aqua mission program to encourage the people in the field of fish farming in the state.
However, replying to the CEM, HRD Lyngdoh said that the KHADC is in short supply of funds and all the expenses have to be spent by the District Council. He said that the KHADC lacks funds but there are ways to create if the KHADC comes to talk to the government.
Meanwhile, Bah Warjri said that the distribution of laptops is a tool that they can use for their own benefit in their studies.
Both the BJP and Congress leaders have demanded detailed information regarding the conduct of an investigation into the damage to crops in Gwalior-Chambal and Central MP. “Earlier, the farmers of the state have already faced problems due to the lack of seeds and pesticides. of untimely rain and at the same time the fall of cold.
Likewise, we see that we also need leaders who have the knowledge and understanding whether they are political leaders or civil society leaders and also as responsible citizens because if we do and demand anything whatever need we demand by the knowledge of the truth.
Before she left the house, all the members of her family had talked and resolved by inviting the village elders to resolve the dispute with her husband, but Regina decided not to no longer wants to live with her husband for any reason.
Besides, he said that talks have also been held with battery manufacturing companies to set up a battery manufacturing plant and repair batteries in Meghalaya.
This number is likely to be much higher in many people, especially as those with mental health problems often hide them due to the social shame caused by these disorders.
When someone drives away the Dkhars, Khasi girls and boys come out and say “Ani ia u bapli!”, who has the same spirit, who is a creature of God, a fellow human being and so on.
College, Sohra, and 3 colleges, Mairang.
Referring to the role of the State Disaster Response Force, he said the SDRF is the most skilled force to conduct operations, such as search and rescue. The incident has occurred due to the natural disaster in the state.
We have classes from 9 pm but after biometric attendance, classes will start until 2 pm and sometimes until late at night.
There are reports that the reason why Kylie is getting surgery on parts of her face is to be more attractive and prettier.
Please be careful not to mix our religion or church with our support.
Home Minister : the Minister of Home Affairs shall be the head of the State; Korbar-ri is the most important part of the kingdom.
So until the end of the first half the match was 0 to
All fifteen dressed in the same uniform and had a bottle of perfume in their hand.
“It is part of a well thought out programme, and it is part of the plan to make Meghalaya a major tourist destination,” he said.
Pala recalled that when he contested the MP election, the prime minister and Congress leaders did not spend time campaigning for him but the prime minister himself had to campaign for him. On the part of the Congress candidate in Lum Garo, he also alleged that some Congress MLAs were campaigning against him at that time.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District Unit has visited the residence of foreign workers of the Nongstoin-Rambrai-Kyrshai road construction company in West Khasi Hills. However, it was found that two employees had raped the girls.
The Minister said that the Chairman of the Board, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, has requested the Government to allow the Board to meet with the experts to discuss the issues related to the herbalists, kobiraj, conspicuous physicians throughout the State.
He said that the state government is in talks with the Maharashtra government to bring in the students and workers who have been stranded in the state. They are from Meghalaya, Mumbai and Pune.
When the State is rich, all the departments of the Government will be fully equipped, and it is the duty of these departments to work for the State as a whole, not just in individual constituencies.
Lightning Smart Phone Back has been used for tens of thousands of dollars, especially in the election.
Speaking to media on 9th June, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma said, “I have personally spoken to the Chairman of the NTA to request for the repeat this exam if possible.
He said that the first complaint had reached the Rangbah Shnong, but the Rangbah Shnong did not call for a meeting and now it has reached him and soon he will call the two parties, Kyrdem Khla and Diengkynthong and also the land owners. right now this week to make arrangements to bring it to an agreement.
Shillong, November 9: HANM Jaintia Hills and the Jaintia National Council (East and West Jaintia) on Tuesday held a procession from Malki Square to Addll.
Shillong, June 28: U Minister of State for Electricity, Clement Marak, on Tuesday said that within 10 days, the state will no longer experience power outages of 6 to 1 hour, due to the failure of NEEPCO. The government has promised to provide electricity to the state after the government has promised to pay the remaining debt.
In a statement, the union leader also acknowledged that the District Councils, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC have not implemented the Trading License Act properly. the tenth of the Trai ri Muluk.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Three political parties today decided to hold a massive protest if their talks with Mukul Sangma on the 29th do not succeed.
He congratulated the BJP for its victory in the elections in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
He said that the Rangbah Shnongs will cooperate with the JHADC for the benefit of the minority community of Jaintia Hills and the state as a whole.
Shillong: There have been 403 new cases reported today.
The Superintendent of Police, WKH, Bah S.Nongtnger, while talking to reporters, said that the suspect along with his friends were involved in the robbery of offices and property. Schools including Block Nongstoin, Agriculture, Horticulture, DTO Office, Anderton School, Ri Lyngngam School, JJM School, New Nongstoin LP School and Church of God Upper New Nongstoin.
She said the government has directed them to take action and do whatever is necessary in their investigation to find out, especially when they admitted that it takes only 4 days and even within 4 days. also the life cycle of the fish is very short.
Akbar promised to prosecute all the women who accused him.
The singing, the singing, the singing is until the end.
He said the recognition of this industry has brought benefits and boosted the tourism industry.
According to information provided to Rupang, the land owners who are eligible for the compensation are only those who have land within 11 meters except 140 to 150 yards.
Bah Titos was sworn in as CEM of KHADC on 24th October,
She said that at the CEC meeting she had proposed a candidate from Lyngkyrdem constituency but the PDF refused.
In the top 10 category, three candidates scored 546 marks including Sreyoshi Aich of St. Marys Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Sngewbhalang Jaraiñ of St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang and Saphirihun Lyngdoh of Alpha English. Higher Secondary School, ka Joyarani Das of Jawaharlal Nehru Secondary School, Phubari, u Ragib Raonaq Abtahee of Janapriya Higher Secondary School, Bhalorbhita.
When asked about the methods used by the department to track stolen two-wheelers and vehicles, the SP said, “The app related to the E-Challan is help us well.
He said that after they have resigned from the government, they can speak and criticize the NPP as they please.
Another political party that will contest the 2023 elections will be the United Democratic Party (UDP), led by Conrad K Sangma. Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that it is a political party that can change the political situation in the state.
Internet related activities should be strengthened and these should be monitored by the district authorities.
The coal traders in Jaintia Hills have not yet agreed with the government's approach.
Various civil society groups as well as environmental groups and others have expressed their strong opposition as this area is close to the Narpuh Forest which is still home to many unique wildlife and will also affect the waters of the rivers. The area is located from the Lukha, Lunar and Umso Nallah rivers.
Shillong, Nailur, 20: The NEHU Staff Union (NEHUNSA) today decided to hold an indefinite strike at the Examination Department from Tuesday against the the intention to extend the contract of the Office of Special Duty (OSD).
“In fact, the DC as a father who is responsible for the welfare of the community and the development of the children of the district as a whole is slow.
Because when I entered these areas since 2019, I saw a lot of needs".
Ayush's father and family members are employees of Dalmia Cement Thangskai and the union knows that this person is not entitled to PRC because he is not a full citizen. of the state of Meghalaya.
It is appropriate that the Government should increase or forgive the tax on commercial vehicles, especially in 2020, as commercial vehicles have been affected during the months of lockdown and the pandemic. COVID.It is also appropriate that the State Government should increase the tax on petrol and diesel.
The body of the deceased was taken to Tura Civil Hospital on November
In this regard, the Sordar has requested the civil society organizations of Ri-Bhoi to take action by taking any necessary measures to find the the reason for the attack and to punish those involved.
The Minister said that it is the right to pay tribute to all those who have served the country with hard work and dedication.
She said that the DHS has been urged to send a proposal to the government to allocate funds for the ASHAs and they will cancel the strike but the DHS has not done so.
Jowai, Nailur 27: East Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the Mutong Village Authority, today celebrated the World Day with a Moopun Valley Festival at Mutong Village.
It is about 10 km from Ummulong.
The suspect was identified as Kentely Tangsang.
Shillong: Two talented dancers, Twinkle Iawrod from Mawsynram Phlangwanbroi and Johnwesley Wahlang from Nongstoin, have been selected for the semi final of the India Talent Fight.
According to Jesus, it is necessary to clarify, improve and complete the Law and he made it clear that it is also important to criticize, question the original laws, not to accept and follow them blindly. .
Recently, the enemies have destroyed the statue of Jesus and Mary in Narayanpur which has caused strong condemnation from various churches in the state.
“Since I became President of FKJGP, I have always said that if the leaders in the Legislative Assembly and Secretariat have responsibility for the people, there is no need for political parties,” he said.
He was the first convert of the Khasi State.
Although the roles of other members of the film have already been announced, the role of Denzel has not yet been announced and perhaps in the coming months Ridley will tell about it.
“I am pleased that we have been able to allocate 14 new jobs to provide better services,” said Paul.
Contract teachers including male teachers, but most of them are mothers who have brought their young children and some of these mothers are poor, but on this day no see women police forces to patrol this area.
Those who dared to do so were directly shot.
However, regarding the threat of the HNLC, there is nothing to say and it is the duty of the government to provide peace to all the citizens of the state without fear.
An earthquake measuring 5.4 on the Richter scale has shaken Bangladesh and was felt in parts of Meghalaya and other states in the Northeast on Monday evening. .
The KSU Sohra, has expressed its deep sorrow over the order of the Maharaj of Ram Krishna, in which he also urged the students of the school, to register Aadhar and He also warned that if they don't have Aadhar, they won't get the benefits, such as books, school fees and other things that the school can help the students. the school.
Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
The Meghalaya State Organic Mission 2.0 aims to convert 100,000 hectares of land into NPOP-certified organic cultivation by 2029 and to provide sustainable income to farmers through increased farming. agricultural production, price increase and production of other commodities from agricultural products.
Umlaper 8 km from Umsiang, Assam police are still cutting down electricity poles.
Does the Church help to raise children who are born one after another? Churches should use their women's organizations to explain to women who have less understanding that if they have too many children, poverty will overwhelm them.
He said that it is time for Meghalaya to decide whether the border will fall within Meghalaya or Assam.
When asked about the Hima which have their own laws or codify acts, Bah Jambor said that at present out of the 54 Hima and Sirdarships, only 18 Himas have their own laws regarding You shall elect a Syiem or Rangbah Shnong.
Everyone knows what happened at the guest house but they all died on their own”.
According to government sources, the man who lost his life in the incident was identified as Sukeswar Gogoi – who died of a stroke. and to a great tree that fell after the storm which struck the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The Inter-School Invitational Futsal Competition (Boys) has been held from 18th to 19th June 2023 by the Seng Khasi College.
He said the economic growth of Jharkhand has come due to the lack of Naxalite activities in the state.
In Asia, only Afghanistan ranked 109th behind India, while other neighboring countries such as Pakistan (99th), Bangladesh (84th), Nepal (81st) ranked 109th. ) and Sri Lanka (64), which are all ahead of India.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : U Vivek Syiem, Superintendent of Police (City) Shillong, today said that police have received a complaint from Charlie Rani, President of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHP). UHM) that more than 100 people have attacked him at his residence in Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
How can the Prime Minister and the Home Minister come within an hour without any reasons that can benefit him and the BJP party besides the BJP has won only two seats and only one Minister.
“This is one of the problems that we have in the government and we need to look at it,” he said.
We believe that the kurs and jait descended from the original Iawbei who was the first mother of each kur in the Hynniew Trep people.
Shillong, November 07: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) is ready to contest the 2023 MLA elections. Meghalaya will win more than 32 constituencies in 2023.
“We must think carefully, because if we make a mistake now in this 2023 elections, there will be more protests than what we have been protesting for so long.
“We don't accept the idea that there are 3 ethnic groups in the State...it's true that we have only 2 ethnic groups in the State...in which we know the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam...we are one as a nation,” said the leader.
JOWAI: The President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Tuesday Lytep has requested the state government and the Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR) to expedite the verification of coal challans so that they can get the verification certificates on time. The deadline for the transportation of coal will end on 31st June.
He said that women have also complained about the lack of permission to lead the VECs due to the lack of proper conduct of elections.
Shillong: A landslide has occurred at Barapani View Point (GS Road) and traffic has been stopped on both sides.
They are the ones who become 'langknia' because they cannot write or answer with their own common sense.
The accused were identified as Surajkumar Radhelal Yadav, Kiran Kamble and Nisha Thapa.
Earlier, speeches were delivered by many leaders who were with Bah HDR Lyngdoh during his tenure in the Congress and also by the Chief Adviser of UDP Sohiong, Bah K Sunn who resigned after the election. he no longer fits the new system and team.
For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.
On the other hand, he requested the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to write a letter to the Chief Minister of Bihar to arrest and punish these people involved. but they attacked the Christians in the area.
The commission's decision comes after reports in the past few days that the state government has decided to dismiss all the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board and other employees from the Shillong Municipal Board. place to other places to live.
• The word of faith is the preservation of nature from generation to generation and not to be destroyed from now on.
In our state, the number of voters has increased by 55,971 per annum between 2023 and
This is exactly related to the story of Lum Sohpetbneng of the children of Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, July 3: Three days into the New Year 2017, the state has experienced an earthquake and it is also the first earthquake of
It is a shame that this story doesn't know even half the truth of fame and glory while in our country the good is proclaimed and praised but when foreigners want to come and verify when they enter the job and it shall not fall even for a half hour.
Prof Lakhon Kma in his speech said that he has been teaching for 22 years and has more than 14 years left in his career.
The speakers said that the incidence of such crimes and incidents is also due to the increasing consumption of alcoholic beverages such as kyiad, drugs and other beverages which causes people to They are not afraid to do evil, because when they are drunk, they don't know the right way to do evil.
But many opportunities were missed.
The strike lasted from 10 am to 8 pm, but after that they broke up after the District Administration came to talk to them. ADM Bah Mawlong invited them to come to the DC's office to discuss the matter. They were also informed that the hearing for the suspended sordar will be held. The meeting will be held tomorrow at 11 am at the District Council Court.
“We cannot do anything because of the blind and deaf government, we cannot do anything, we have to sit and sell and we have to accept what we can. “It's a good idea to have a family especially in this world,” said the vendors.
Girls aged 9 to 13 need about 1,400 to 1,600 calories, boys of this age need about 1,600 to 2,000 calories.
He was part of the 2018 bronze medal team in Indonesia when bridge was recognized at the sports festival.
However, the problem is that in the households, to sit around the fireplace to teach the children, the brothers and sisters, there is no longer, because everyone has lived in the darkness. There is no time for parents and children to spend time together. There is no time for parents and children to spend time together.
Announcing the second assistance measures to address the problems faced by migrant workers, shopkeepers, small business owners, urban workers , smallholding farmers and housing development.
On receiving information that the party MDCs will support the NPP in KHADC, he expressed his strong opposition, but all the party leaders agreed to support as decided by the MDCs. He said that it is against the beliefs of the party, in which he also mentioned two issues which led him to oppose the decision of the party.
don't be afraid, don't be afraid, for you will teach me how to answer.
Bah Myrthong said that in fact the government should have taken action to improve and clean up the roads leading to Nongkhnum, so that the number of tourists will increase and it will be of benefit not only to the tourists. but it will also improve the income of the people of the area.
During these 1875 years and until now, God has given the way of reconciliation to the Gentiles, this way of reconciliation with God has been going on for only a few years.
“After the children have been placed in different schools, where else will they go?” he said.
The state police have arrested more drug traffickers especially in Shillong including natives and foreigners.
The trip to South Africa is part of the team's preparations for the Asia Cup U21, which is a qualifier for the FIH Women's Hockey Junior World Cup.
However, it seems that the suspension of these two pastors was due to their opposition to the Aadhar number and this may have shocked the leaders of the KJP Synod.
“The advice on diet and drinking needs to be updated and reviewed urgently and the poor consumption of saturated fat prevents us from protecting lives,” he said.
The bank currently has 28,000 depositors.
“We strongly urge that this matter should be taken seriously as we have found some officers who have been in the same post for more than 15 years by transferring from one Unit to another Unit within Shillong and East Khasi Hills District but not to other districts,” said Bah Donbok.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 2: As part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of India, the Office of the BDO Nongstoin together with the NRLM Nongstoin have organized an SHG Mela Cum Financial Literacy Camp at New Nongstoin Square.
“You will see the new police bazaar after the completion of this project.
Most of them are from our national party,” he said.
Shillong: The Youth Congress Leader Banphira Basaiawmoit on Tuesday alleged that the NPP-led government in the state has enriched only one or two people who have connections, while the youth have been left behind.
A chief who marries a woman who is not of his race, the son is the chief.
He said that the union wants the BDO to be in the office every day, as there are about 199 villages in the area which need to seek assistance from the BDO. office.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA South Shillong said that the RLSSCO has awarded honors to the students who have passed well and even those who have not passed well. the book is often a great encouragement to them.
Regarding the water supply as requested by the Rangbah Shnong, the MLA said that it will be built soon as a tender has already been called for this project. klur tyngka and it is expected that next month they will lay the foundation stone for the distribution of water in the village.
Don’t be too judgmental of your husband.
Shillong, July 16: The American band Hoobastank will perform in Shillong to celebrate the 50th anniversary of The Northeast Today magazine.
Our Khasi women are truly intelligent because in everything whether in employment, trade, education or politics.
After filling and leveling the old canal of the river, the grounds now known as the 2nd and 3rd grounds were obtained.
“People coming to the BJP means they want change,” he said.
However, what angered the Governor was the protest by a group called Kolkata Nagarik Mancha, which carried a flock of sheep in front of the Raj Bhavan. today.
Of these, 49 cases are in District Jail, 4 health workers, 2 cases in Iawmusiang, 8 cases in police, 5 cases in Salini Colony and 3 cases in Tpep Pale.
Since the incident ha Mukroh, the Ri Bhoi Police have also taken action to ensure the safety of the people especially the National Highway is not only the road used by the people in the state, but through Many states use this road to travel to and from their respective states.
The biggest problem for the nation at present is the lack of employment opportunities for the educated youth.
However, the CEM has rejected some of the words that have stirred up the incident in Mukroh.
“In Bah Ardent's group, there are great thinkers, there are those who have understood, there are those who have learned.
Through this book about Phan Nonglait and her brave deeds, it is to encourage the young women, the women of the country to stand together to protect the land, the kingdom and the country. the whole nation.
Sangma insisted that an inquiry should be conducted and hoped that the central government would accept the case and send an agency to investigate the allegations although he admitted that there was a lot of evidence.
A few days ago, vehicles accompanying JJP (Jannayak Janata Party) leader Devender Babli were stoned by farmers in his constituency, Tohana on July 1, His follower sustained serious head injuries and his vehicle was damaged.
The court has directed the state government to send a report on the outage before the next hearing on the 5th of November.
The Government has launched the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission 2.0 at a cost of Rs 378 crore.
The matches on Monday 25th will be between Umsohsun Sports Club and Mawklot Sports Club at 5.30 pm.
“The income level has declined sharply and there are many bus drivers who can commit suicide,” he said.
However, the law bans only 21 AAP MLAs; However, when it was signed by the President of the country, there are those who believe that this Act will apply throughout the country from now on and on this issue, there is a certainty that the courts will not. The whole country or even the Governors themselves, shall no longer dare to challenge or violate the law, which has been signed by the President of the country, who is the head of state. .
Chiborlang Wahlang, President of East Jaintia Hills Adventures Motor Sports Association (EJAMSA) was the chief guest and encouraged STEDS to conduct more such programs to encourage talented youth in such competitions. .
The moon has ideal places to store these seeds, scientists say.
At the end of the meeting, the eco-friendly crematorium was handed over to the Durbar Shnong Borhuin, to maintain, manage and implement the new Khnap Thangbru.
She had also warned them that no one should be allowed to enter the house.
“I don't treat with umphniang, but I just clean and apply umphniang, which is a skill I have received from my father since 2014,” said Bah Alfred.
Tina said this while celebrating the World Literacy Day organized by RC Eve Secondary School on Thursday.
There are 75 recoveries.
He said that the reason why he came forward with this issue is because not only one or two people are facing this problem but the people as a whole are facing this problem.
However, we understand the urgency on the part of the teachers for the above reasons.
The appointment of Langi as Rangbah Shnong was made in accordance with the provisions of the Dolloi, Sirdar and Waheh Shnong Act Leo Laloo was issued as the interim Rangbah Shnong of the village on the 24th of this month.
He said that the Poshan Abhiyan was launched by the Prime Minister on 8th March 2018 in Jhunjhuna District of Rajasthan. adolescents, poor mothers, malnutrition of mothers and children under 6 years of age.
Thus, the hills, valleys and plains of our country are still filled with foreigners.
They demanded that there should be a special allocation for women in the District Councils.
On the other hand, Ma Dhar, welcomed the construction and expected that the company, which is constructing the road, will complete it on time.
The Principal Secretary, Social Welfare, Sampath Kumar, said that the department has to respond to three departments of the Central Government including the Ministry of Women and Child Development, Ministry of Social Justice, Ministry of Tribal Affairs. “We have a small Directorate and for that reason, the strengthening of the Directorate will succeed.
These villages are about 28 to 40 km from Shillong, on the road to Sohra, and most of the inhabitants of these villages are Khasi.
The worst thing is that the employees don't understand the problems of the people. They just laugh until they don't know anyone anymore because they don't respect anyone else. I feel like going to the Comedy Theater, not to the BDO office.
Strict but flexible rules;xxii.
Like the lights of the sky, Sohra, Announcing the coming of the world.
Khan added that the inability to move beyond the age of modern science would put the system in trouble.
The Seng will not accept this decision of the Government and at the same time urges the Government to think carefully once again, because those who were allowed to come, did not come only one or two but Hundreds or thousands of people have come and there are also those who have not taken the opportunity to become leaders in the State.
The BJP and the JD(S) have strengthened their ties to work together for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections in Karnataka.
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said that the UDP party has not yet discussed to allow the NPP candidate, as the UDP party is still discussing the election of the candidate. The UDP party will not contest the mid-term elections.
The Central Government has expressed its opposition to same-sex marriage, and this has been expressed in an affidavit submitted to the Supreme Court on cases demanding marriage between a man and a woman shall not be recognized by law.
Children up to 17 years old can be trained in different parts of the country. Many of the players trained by the BBFS Foundation have played in various clubs, such as Meghalaya, Manipur and Mizoram.
The Rangbah Shnong said that he has sent a complaint to the PWD to release the road, but the reply he has received is that the PWD does not have a road. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has been handed over to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).
Shillong, July 9: The Chairman of the Legislative Assembly, Bah John F Kharshiing, in a meeting with reporters at Shillong Press Club today, said that instead of political parties and others, Sub Sections 8 and 16 of Section 5 of the Village Administration Bill should be amended or revised or should support the demand of the Federation of Khasi States where the Government of India will fulfill its commitments to incorporate the IOA&AA into the Constitution of India.
Ma Nujorki said that after the harassment of the border residents from time to time by the government officials and police of Assam, they have demanded to set up a Police Outpost in Psiar and the file on this outpost is in the hands of the Minister. It is the responsibility of the State Government, but as there are talks between the Assam and Meghalaya Governments, the people will have to agree on this issue.
He said the disease started in one field.
The Government of Meghalaya, through the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, in collaboration with the Department of Education, has launched the 'Aspire Meghalaya' program implemented by AVENUES, Shillong.
The BJP leaders cannot say that their Vice President Bernard Marak is righteous and just when they see the evidence that the police have seized and released the children detained in the police station. one of the rooms in the inn.
Therefore, we need to protect our own country and land from these groups who worship the New God of the Neo Liberal Era.
The meeting, which started at 11.30 am, ended at 1 pm.
This happened at 7 pm when the robbers robbed the petrol pump of T.52,000 and shot dead the manager Sanjay Sharma who was seriously injured.
Even the Wahumkhrah Bridge was built by Bah PT Sawkmie and it has been completed.
At this meeting, the Tympang Club, which is the owner, will temporarily look after the land until the boundary between Tympang Club and Loom Soo-Iung Newhill is resolved.
According to the information received by the reporter from the residents of the area, there was no one in the house at the time of the incident.
“Whosoever believeth in him shall not perish” John 3:1
In the innings, Indariakor K.Wanniang of SWKH scored 48 runs from 49 balls after nine fours, but this wicket fell into the hands of Bimla Thakur. Anjelica Maring got 1/8 and Dolina Martin got 1/3
The funeral service will be held on Sunday at 12:00 pm at the Catholic Church Cemetery.
“We have inspected these quarries together with the former EM incharge Hedrian Lyngdoh and after this inspection many of the owners of the quarries have come to provide the necessary documents. “These quarries are run by foreigners in the name of the villagers,” said the MDC of Jirang.
Speaking on the occasion, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Bannerjee, said that the opening of the National Law University (NLU) will benefit the students to learn about the laws and customs. of the tribals in this region.
Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat is the head of the Disciplinary Committee.
Tein said that the members of the House should spend their time reading the Rules and Laws and should not just wait at the Chairman's desk to explain.
Pangniang also recalled the time of the Hills State protest where the people shouted 'No Hills State No Rest' “The HSPDP will stand up and fight for the uniqueness of the nation, so that we can be truly unique and not be imprisoned. shall be bound by the laws of India,” he said.
Jowai, Nailar 08: The 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Nangbah Stadium, Hat Majai. Southeast Jowai.
The Government should therefore think carefully about this proposal.
No doubt there will be those who criticize me just because they hate me as you have seen on Facebook in the past few days, by treating me as dead or zero number.
The school has produced many outstanding students.
Speaking on the occasion, Dolloi Ma Puramon Kynjing said that this time the ceremony has been different and they have been able to survive the pandemic. “The recent floods have caused a lot of damage to the rice fields in all parts of Myntdu, and we hope that with the fulfillment of the thanksgiving we hope that the Trekirot will bless the harvest,” said Dolloi Puramon Kynjing and urged everyone to take responsibility for the protection of the environment and to eradicate the evils of the society. society.
It was also noted that many schools do not have windows, blackboards and benches where most of the goats get inside.
Mawkyrwat, June 01: The Expenditure Observers (EOs) for the Lok Sabha elections to be held this month for the 1st Shillong (ST) Parliamentary Constituency including Satyapal.
On this day the ritual was performed in two parts; One began with the sacrifice of two goats, one ram-ïew and one lang-synshar and one pig “suitnia longraid”, along with two cows.
family therapy,grouptherapy,community therapy,individual therapy n Christian follower therapy need to add in this therapy.
In the next match, Ladrymbai Dongwah SC and Tongseng Youth SSC ended in a draw after failing to score a goal.
“In the 2018 election, I prepared for the election in only two months and I won. ", he said.
Perhaps the most appropriate is the supkynshew because it is more common to use that word; Because even if the bank is understood only as a money bank, there is also a blood bank which is called a blood bank.
“At 4 am, these two men came and told my security guard that they wanted to meet me and were nervous because they were not the owners of the truck", he said. Mr. Paul Lyngdoh.
However, during the prayers, a group of unidentified persons forcefully entered the house.
The UDP leader said that the decision of the people to the MDA allies, namely the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP and BJP has reached the number
It can be said that even if the NPP continues to support the UDP, the UDP will continue to support it, as it used to support the INC, until the end of the five years.
Amlarem, June 23: The Lamin Village Council in Amlarem Sub-Division has once again held its Shad Rongkusi from one year to another. .
Airilang also scored the second goal in the 46th minute and the last goal was scored by Jidalin Tumpuiñ (70) for the victory.
About 82,400 bedding, blankets and other daily necessities have been distributed to those who have already been distributed to them.
These medicines are available and distributed to the health centers in the Districts.
He said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to take action on their demand.
Admitting that he is a UDP Original, Bah Bindo said that he had to contest as an independent candidate because he was deprived of his rights after the rich took over. part of the world.
After the filing of nomination papers, Fenela said it would be a difficult task for the HSPDP to decide where to give the ticket and who will be able to replace Maieid Hoping.
They teach righteous rule and respect for fellow humans and fellow creatures.
These are the days before the end of things on earth, which are signs.
Bruce Springsteen, who was born and raised in New Jersey, has also acted and starred in several films.
The Japanese in the Pacific destroyed many American ships.
Speaking at the VPP meeting held at Malki Point, Bah Basaiawmoit said the formation of the Voice of People Party (VPP) was after the country and the people had many challenges. In 51 years of history, the leaders of the state have made the state the poorest state in the North East.
After the rejection and dismissal of the case on 12th July, 2021, the JHADC has tried again to find a way to appeal to the Supreme Court of India by filing a Curative Petition 109 of , on 13th June, 2021 and until now the Supreme Court has not allowed or heard the JHADC. The Curative Petition is a case filed after being defeated or not heard by the High Court. the appeals at the time of the passing of the hearing or the final decision of the Court.
In this regard, the Minister promised to take action and monitor this issue.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he does not know anything about the VPP's refusal to join the opposition but the VPP knows better.
She said that if these Rangbah Shnongs and their group have any dissatisfaction, they should be expelled from the village.
Hazlewood's performance has moved him up to number one in the world and Siraj has dropped to third in the new rankings.
After receiving this information, the reporter tried to get more detailed information from the Sengbhalang whether the news is true or not that the Prime Minister has called them to talk to them. is the real message.
“We have decided to set up these FFCs to find out the truth about the availability of drugs that are no longer suitable for use in government hospitals,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek. after a meeting with the Ministry of Health.
Lucia Sten said that during the inspection by the KHADC officials from the CEM, EMs and MDCs of the Opposition on 29th November, they were looking forward to expressing these issues. which they suffer in terms of backwardness but never got a chance.
However, at the same time, he admitted that the contract appointment has deprived those who are eligible especially those who have passed the DSC or MPSC. You have produced results when you don't have any jobs or when you have passed more jobs.
The covid19 vaccine is working.
“Now gradually the people have started to accept the BJP party like in Nagaland, which is a state with 98% Christians, but the BJP has up to 12 MLAs and The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in Nagaland is from the BJP party and this shows that they don't accept the allegation against the BJP”.
Nongstoin, March 22: After the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date for the mid-term elections, 152 supporters of Bah N.Nongdkhar, have expressed their desire for him to win the elections. He will apply for the Congress ticket to contest the mid-term elections from Nongstoin Constituency.
Alexander Laloo Hek has been the leader for 20 years.
Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen, Ralf Möller, Oliver Reed, Djimon Hounsou, Derek Jacobi, John Shrapnel, Richard Harris and Tommy Flanagan will also take part in the second round of Gladiator.
Lakhan Singh, who scored 5/37 against the Lions on Tuesday, now scored 4/42, including the wicket of Lyngdoh.
There are 3,964 confirmed cases and 918 deaths.
On the other hand, the union urges the government to expedite the approval of those roads from Rwiang River to zero point to fall under Mawshynrut division. He said that the roads from Rwiang to Zero Point will fall under the jurisdiction of Mawshynrut Division.
The union of six village chiefs includes Mawryngkneng, Kut, Puriang, Pommura, Thangshalai and Ksehpyndeng.
These youths are the Evangelistic Team, Lachumire, Shillong led by Shemphang Nongkhlaw, and his friends who have proclaimed to the world that it is the great work of Jesus that has brought them back to life. like other people in society.
The wife of Bollywood actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Aaliya Siddiqui, has sent a demand for the release of her husband and her husband. the reason is also that he should pay the food and be released.
On the 6th of November, Nongstoiñ Police Station has received a tip that two persons were involved in driving around the area in an Eco Van to sell smart televisions belonging to the Sony TV Company. Bravia to the residents, who have also come to the Nongstoiñ area to commit this fraud.
Mawlai SC and Lumparing SC have qualified for the semi-finals of Group B of the Shillong Women's League.
Speaking on this, as young people, they should also look at the examples of other young people who are hardworking in their lives, because in life no one can stop a person. to try in life, let the effort stop or not move forward as planned, but the spirit of effort and determination, are the keys to reaching the goal as planned or desired in life .
He has been charged under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
In a letter sent to the Secretary Election JHTOA, Harpidiyou Suiam, Enrico said, “I, Enrico D Pasi, President of the Association of Meghalaya Traders and Transporters, would like to express to you my desire to resign. He has resigned as Chairman of the Election Committee to conduct the General Election of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA).
Nongpoh, July 08: The Ri-Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today congratulated the football players of the district before they take part in the Meghalaya Games 2024 to be held in Tura.
When we talk about corruption, we often blame only the MLAs and MDCs and government officials, but when we look closely, corruption has now spread to all sectors from the government. rural development, household development, organizational development and others, which has greatly affected the human rights in the state and the region as a whole.
“I would like to express my gratitude to our honorable Government for sending me out of this beloved State,” said Beconia.
The 44 athletes who will take part in the tournament include 22 men and 22 women.
The KSU has urged the people to be vigilant during this time of rainy season and if there is any incident they can inform the KSU.
According to the rules, the offices for registration of names have been selected in East and West Khasi Hills, East and West Jaintia Hills, Mairang and Sohra Civil Sub-Divisions.
"Bah Shanbor invited him. So he went in and Bah Shanbor took him straight to the living room.
When we celebrate our 50th anniversary, we will be the first of the first in the country in any way in the category of small states like us,” said the Prime Minister while speaking at the celebration of Meghalaya Day.
The man worried every day about the life and actions of the woman, because she lived only for herself and did not listen to his advice.
The cause of the fire on the fourth floor of the building is still unknown but a strong smoke from the building was seen this morning.
“The government has directed the Public Works Department (PWD) and other government departments and state officials to examine and submit a report on the damage caused to the villages by the cyclone Amphan,” he said. Conrad K Sangma.
“When we joined the TMC, we expected that the TMC would be a party that could bring about change but in the months that followed we saw that it was not so.
“There are many glorious sons.
Regarding the efforts to gain the trust of the people, Kong Lyngwa said, “Our duty is to be vigilant and any information we receive we fulfill immediately to gain the trust of the people.
The District and Sessions Judge of East Garo Hills District, W. Dieng Doh has been transferred to the post of District and Sessions Judge of West Garo Hills District. E Kharumnuid has been transferred to the post of District Sessions Judge of West Garo Hills District in place of B Mawrie. Sessions Judge of East Khasi Hills District.
The cause of the accident was said to be due to the speeding of the driver of the vehicle, when he reached the remotest place, he could no longer to stop the bus and which caused the bus to overturn.
The official language in Meghalaya is English.
Good Dkhar.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government today lodged a complaint to find out those involved in spreading the names of patients at Bethany Hospital Shillong.
They said that if we look at the Deputy Commissioners who have been there since 2018 until now, they have been sitting only to not vacate their posts but their jobs have remained the same.
He said that the KSU has started such an initiative to give special recognition to the students who have excelled in various fields since
Democracy or freedom means that we are all subject to the law and there is no discrimination from the least to the greatest, from the poorest to the richest.
The union also urges everyone to give the opportunity to their fellow citizens to get jobs, especially in these times of unemployment.
Marchborn and his mother went home.
They said that they have informed about the ban on beef, the activities of the RSS, the ban on VISA, the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act, the ghar wapsi which have been a threat to the Christian community and so on. The Government's intention to implement the Citizenship Amendment Act 2016 which could have a serious impact on Meghalaya especially as it borders with Bangladesh.
When inquired, they were told that it was a new examination system, but after they had written the examination and went home, they were called back to return their admit cards to the centres. don't be afraid and confused.
He said that on his part as the Minister he has tried to do good in collaboration with other departments involved in the implementation of the education department including the Planning Department and the Finance Department.
When asked, Bah Paul said, “From the reports in the media, the Police have seen that this is a more serious matter and it is up to them to investigate and investigate. you cannot recognize them (members of the LRO).
In the second leg, Nangbah Mulang drew 0-0 with Lumiawmuchai Shangpung.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) have decided to join forces as the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) to nominate a joint candidate for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. Sabha will be in
The first question that the people ask is, where is the MLA and what does he do? It is true that the people do not know each other.
He said that the leaders of these three communities have expressed their gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Madanrting and the police for providing protection to those who came to Shillong from Manipur.
There are 12 border areas with Assam and the state government is monitoring this to reach a settlement of the border.
In the women's category, Saiden SS Ri-Bhoi District beat 4-2 on penalties.
The Khasi-Jaintia Hills is also a true country, which has been established and dedicated to the gods.
There was no shooting at Bulchugre village under Rongara police station and no police were injured and no suspects were arrested.
The mission is to collect information on traditional knowledge, traditional customs, famous places, unique features of places, famous people, nature, more unique strategies of different ethnic groups in India.
He didn't even think about the tourist taxi fare from LadUmroi to Borjhar and back.
This is not a way of preserving the old customs and traditions of the KHADC.
The government has also transferred the SP of West Khasi Hills, Darwin M Sangma, to replace Bah Nongtnger as the SP of Fire and Emergency Services.
The woman is from Moolibang Shangpung.
Other speakers were TBn Boldness L. Nongum, Chairman of SLED, Rev. A.Rymmai, Executive Secretary and the meeting was conducted by Rev.NO Kharlukhi.
Jowai, Lber 27: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) as part of the implementation of the Link Worker Scheme today held a health camp at Moodymmai village under Thadlaskeiñ Block West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
In the sixth position, Ansh Gurung of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong scored 557 marks.
In his speech, the Chief Guest praised the Catholic Church by saying, “I am telling the truth that even though Christians make up only 2 percent of the population in India.
On the Congress side, former MLA JA Lyngdoh, NPP President Prestone Tynsong and VPP President Prestone Tynsong led the rally.
Damang bha Wann, who has a talent for singing and composing, has won the biggest competition in Meghalaya.
“Imat you went ahead.
However, it was noticed that farther away from Shillong, no other villages took part in the campaign. There were several villages that the reporter visited but it was noticed that until the afternoon, There was no sign or registration, except for the villages in Shillong.
Without fail, this has shocked and shocked those who used to insult the farmers either in the price of mur or in the price of woh.
Mr. Conrad Sangma, what do you think? Once you go to Phlang.
Before it was time to leave, Bhalang washed the clothes he wore to the village.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 27: The Rambrai C&RD Block has been inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongal Sangma for almost 10 years. FKJGP Rambrai Circle President Jistarland Lyngkhoi said that the FKJGP Rambrai Circle has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country.
“We will work together and there is still a lot of work to be done to improve the economy.
Gopal Dey should not be accused and the police should prosecute and punish him under the law against such people who accuse him without sufficient evidence, said the JSU in a statement.
Despite the opposition, the Assam Government has not been forced to separate and merge this area and has issued Purwana No.TAD/R/31/50/149 dated 13th April 1951 (Assam Notification No.TAD). /R/31/50/149 dated the 13th April 1951).
However, it is necessary to go back to the fifty years ago when the elders of this age still remember that the heart stirred them as children and youth in that age to remember the 15th. Nailur to prepare the Lama Lairong to celebrate in her own home with pride like the children of thousands of India.
Since the establishment of the Seng, the MGSPHSVA has fought hard to crack down on the criminals who use violence and exploit the land vendors,” said Bah Shane.
as the Minister of State.
Under this, the Cooperative Department has promoted the activities of cooperatives and through 56 cooperatives, the Cooperative Department has brought wealth to the poor.
According to him, in the last nine years, the Modi government has undergone many changes and therefore the BJP has ensured that there will be no problem in providing assistance to the people.
Jason Mairom, Sub Divisional Police Officer, Amlarem, said that the victim was 18 years old and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The bus was rushed to NEIGRHIMS, Mawdiangdiang and seized by the police at Sadar Police Station.
Sangma also met with the owners of the houses who were related to the deceased.
Because the food and drink has not been prepared for those villages who went to campaign for the election.
There are 29 MLA constituencies in Khasi Hills including four in East Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi, West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
The people of the state have turned to a strong party that can provide good governance and all eyes have turned to the NPP,” said Conrad.
The National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) is the body that oversees the accreditation of Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) in India which falls under and receives funding from the University Grants Commission. (UGC).
“Meghalaya has many challenges in terms of development.
East Khasi Hills has 63 new cases and West Jaintia Hills has
Thus, in the long journey to reach these holy hills, 9 treps have been lost or lost, leaving 7 treps who have moved to these beautiful hills.
“We have replied with an email requesting to speak to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on this issue.
Regarding the social agreement with the Hima Laitkroh, the Minister said that according to his knowledge there is no such agreement, while Bah Sunn denied the Minister's answer by saying that there has been a social agreement. This was signed by Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh and the Hima.
The health ministry of India has said that the number of recoveries has risen to 5 lakh in the past five days.
Furthermore, as far as he could, he tried to get water supply schemes, football fields, to improve the roads in his constituency.
In addition, there are mined and quarried sections in many parts of the Lunar River.
Four EMs from the NPP, one CEM from the HSPDP and one from the PDA. The Regional Party Alliance (RDA) has three EMs besides the CEM. Four EMs from the UDP, one from the HSPDP and one CEM.
Shillong: The Rangbah of Kongthong, have clarified that the allegation against Christians, that they have destroyed and destroyed a place of worship in Kongthong, is wrong and unfounded.
This nation is in the midst of great difficulties and struggles for the preservation of its rights of inheritance and longtraiew in the Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters after a public meeting in Sohra, Alphonse, Minister of Foreign Affairs, said that Mukul Sangma has promised to do many things, but he has stolen the money. public money.
“The BJP is one of the smallest parties within the MDA coalition government and what is on our minds, what is on our agenda and what is on the foundation of the party and what we have, we should bring and we should include as much as possible in the CMP,” said Bah Hek.
This ULIP from LIC has been replaced by many applications.
The final of badminton was also held on the same day.
He said that on 25th June, officials from the DC office had visited the village to conduct an investigation into these 98 people who had sent a letter to the DC but the surprising thing was that On that day, the village authorities held a rally and demanded a public hearing.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar praised the ability of the workers or mystery to shape the building according to the shape that has not been given. They have been able to complete the project in a short period of time and also to the government officers in which they have worked together in spirit and unity.
The price of the jaj is very high.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has claimed responsibility for the IED blast in Khyndailad on Tuesday evening.
The meeting was held at Infinity Hall, Mooralong where the chief guest was Rtn.
Because through this tourism many youths and families will earn a living.
Will the forests tremble again in flames? You can't explain this.
“I have spoken in the House and I congratulate the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for agreeing to release T.50 lakh to the MLAs so that they can support the people with food items,” he said.
The meeting was held to welcome 16 GNLA and ULFA fighters who came to surrender.
At the same time, this year is the year in which the FSS celebrates its 40th anniversary.
Speaking to some of the residents, they expressed their satisfaction that the government is improving the road not for the people but for Modi.
Speaking at the protest, HYC Education Secretary Samla Enlang Sawian said that the government's delay and negligence from year to year. is one of the reasons for children and youth to receive scholarships.
So 3 years is 1080 days + (6 months) 180 days = 1260 days.
In a letter to the Assistant Executive Engineer of PWD, Shella Sub-Division on Saturday, the Vice President of the HYC Shella Unit, B Natep, said that the members of the Council have found this during the inspection. After receiving a complaint from the residents, they found that the road which has been recently repaired has collapsed due to the poor construction method.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Dong, Bah T Buhroi, while expressing the problem faced by the village, said that he is very sorry to see the students of the village. had to go back home.
According to Bah Hek, the fire will be brought to Shillong and will be installed in several rivers in Shillong including the Umsyrpi River.
She was questioned on charges of involvement in foreign investment.
Shillong, November 2: The JAC of the CSWO (CB) led by Bah Teibor Dkhar and Irene Hujon as Presidents has sent a letter to Rajnath Singh, Minister of Home Affairs on the 1st of this month. November 2015.
“It is a great pleasure that the Seng Rangbah Mawlai has celebrated its Platinum Jubilee, and with the blessings and mercy of God we have grown strong despite many difficulties,” he added. Also present on the occasion were the Parish Priest of Mawlai, Father Telephorus Nonglang as the Chief Guest who blessed the participants. Platinum Jubilee from the Chairman and the meeting was conducted by Bah Peter Lamare.
Article (79) :- Therefore, if it is found that there is no rule of law governing the sker of the dulir-juban-proposal election, the Election Commission is requested to make a guideline. in consultation with all recognized political parties in any case where guidelines have been developed for the general campaign of candidates, meetings, marches, election days, political parties etc. ter.
The goals for Meghalaya were scored by Eiladki Ksoo.
The victory puts Liverpool on 63 points from 27 games and four points ahead of second-placed Manchester City on 59 points from 26 games. , while Arsenal have 58 points from 26 games.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah TK Sawian District Statistical Officer WHJD, Bah P Syiemlieh Inspector of Statistics and others in the presence of students and teachers.
Scholars like M.Beek, who has researched and collected information, has found that in the time of the Sumerians, tall buildings or statues were found. which the builders or rulers used to give fame and explain their meaning.
“We have suggested to the government to amend the Office Memorandum (OM) on the Roster System because in its rules, it is clear that the implementation of the Roster will be from the year of approval of the Reservation. Policy which has been in place since 1972 and will apply to appointments in government departments.
If schools have started from October as the Government of India wants, things will change more and more to adapt to the Covid-19 pandemic.
In the U-17 men's category, EKHD beat Church of God Sec School (WKHD) 6-1
Guwahati: The All Assam Students Union (AASU) has threatened to protest against the visit of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi.
with the participation of the residents.
We cannot just listen like that we have to do something for our people even if we have to shed blood dozens of times but we are ready to fight at any moment.
Halbert started his mobile repair business on January
In the 2008 MLA election, Dr. Don defeated Leston by 939 votes, Dr. Don received 4238 votes while Leston received 3299 votes. In 2013, Dr. Don received 5940 votes. Leston received 5585 votes and lost by 355 votes.
He said that this sudden water shortage came after the party received complaints from the public who expressed their concern, doubt about the lack of drinking water due to pollution, distribution, danger to users.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Saturday slammed the BJP and its allies the National People's Party (NPP) led by Conrad K Sangma. Sangma has increased the price of LPG cylinders.
Dr.SS Nongbri said that the reason why we have to donate blood is because scientists cannot make blood and therefore if we don't help each other it is a threat to our lives. If you are in trouble, you need blood.
These include EGH: 11, EJH: 06, EKH: 195, NGH: 17, RBD: 73, SGH: 07, SWGH: 05, SWKH: 16, WGH: 126, WJH: 41 and WKH:
Also present were the Head of Village, Anthony Kharkongngor, Head of Village, Batskhem Makdoh, Secy.
Likewise, before the great tribulation comes, these little ones must come first.
Many Christians here in our country are sad because they can no longer go to church especially on Sundays.
Until now, the Mission has provided treatment only to those who come for medical treatment and other tests but there is no bed or hospital.
She said that no truth has been found yet but they are just allegations.
The Dolloi of Raliang Elaka, Chawas Lyngdoh, said that the annual cow breeding is an old training after the seeds have been planted in the fields.
At the meeting, the BJP leaders visited the villages to explain to the people about the various schemes introduced by the BJP government and there was also the recruitment of members to the party.
, 1972 Clause 2.2 allows for the extension of the reservation of posts by placing 80% of the Garo and Khasi-Jaintia together instead of a separate reservation of 40% for the Garos and 40% for the Khasi-Jaintia. , at the District level.
“We request the government to send police to patrol these areas as there is a lot of damage caused by the Karbi people,” he said.
This public awareness campaign was also done through a short drama.
The group also aims to strengthen the community with the cooperation of the residents, Dorbar Shnongs and youth of the area.
On one occasion, the robber, who is also the son of Agnes, who has a wife and children, sent her to buy a recharge card and gave her 500/-Mar synmih. The robber followed the child and took her to the Catholic cemetery near his house, where he committed the crime and killed her.
Through this prophecy Jesus warns us not to fall into this trap and that love should not fail and He urges that the spirit of unity should not die.
Speaking to media, the candidates from the 35th Ranikor Constituency expressed their happiness to complete the filing of nomination papers.
The drivers of these four vehicles from Motphran to Nongrah said that there are about 24-25 four vehicles in Nongrah, 20 vehicles in NEIGRIHMS, Mawpat and There are less than 20 people in Shyiap.
If it were in other states, the government would have been ready to accelerate the establishment of drug treatment centres.
A knife and an SBBL rifle were recovered from the suspect. The case has been registered with the police. Saipung Police Station and the search for the suspects is ongoing.
The incident was reported to the police, who arrested him.
The cost of construction of the school building will be T.2 crore to be completed within three years.
Who are you to dare to challenge my will?” Siddaramaiah said while speaking at a rally in Tumakuru.
Tripura police on Tuesday arrested a Panchayat leader from Dwarikapur village, Khowai district for involvement in The Panchayat leader who was arrested on Sunday night was identified as Krishna Kamal Das (48 years old). 50-year-old Dilip Shukla Das, 50, who was involved in the assassination of CPI-M leader Dilip Shukla Das.
Explaining on the question how the rice arrived in Assam, the Minister said that according to the documents, it was only because of an unknown location and the incident has been handed over to the Assam Police. After further investigation and according to the investigation report, the file has passed through the Law Department and the Advocate General and it has been revealed that there was no evidence.
He said that instead of taking responsibility for himself, the prime minister often tries to avoid and go one way to blame others and the example is from this border arrangement which he has done himself. However, he did not blame Dr Mukul Sangma, the former Chief Minister of the state.
This decision is unprecedented in Khasi-Jaintia (except Garo Hills) where the elected Govt.
Following the complaints against them, the management of the company denied that they had done anything wrong and said that the smoke was not only from their factory but from other factories. or neighborhood.
Even as he gave me unto you, and to all that believe, through the salvation of our Lord Jesus Christ,
The Superintendents of these Children's Homes have been running these children's homes by raising funds from their own funds and through some donations.
“Das is accused of robbing the victim in the middle of the road, where he threw his hand inside the car and when he reached Kiang Nangbah Guest House, he tried to throw his hand again. against this slave,” said Chyne.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 38.3 percent worldwide.
I already know why you are still looking for me.
The education authorities reviewed her answer and found that she got 48 marks.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Two mothers and children were injured when they were shot dead on the 13th of this month at 9:10 pm at Kantolguri village in Resubelpara. Block, North Garo Hills.
Through this project, the government estimates that about 50,000 hectares of forest land will be conserved and in the next five years, T.250 crore will be allocated to various groups.
This prompted the Voice of the People Party (VPP) leader, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit to stand up and oppose when the Governor started his speech. The MLAs fled the House as a sign of protest and alleged that the Governor's action was carried out from Delhi.
The Rangbah Shnong also urged the district heads from the DC, Magistrates, SP and Additional SP to help maintain peace and order between the two villages.
Earlier, it was reported that Venkat used to visit his son once a day and this angered Suchana, who alleged that Venkat used to harass and insult her from her. From time to time, but her husband rejected all these complaints in court.
Rihhalin Marbaniang, a martial artist who won the gold medal at the 2nd World Jeet Ku Nedo Martial Arts Tournament held in Kandy, Sri Lanka, was also honoured.
If the sohtrun trees stand upright by supporting each other as I have shown above, or if they are supported by a shken or if the soh is covered with a leaf, (2) Another destruction is destroy the shreng.
Although there are many medicines for these mental disorders, it has been proven that homemade herbs made from tympew leaves can be more helpful in the treatment of these mental disorders because herbal leaves do not contain them. effects like other drugs.
Immediately, he called the driver, who replied that he would come back immediately, but when he called again, he turned off his phone.
And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? They answered that it was Caesar's statue.
The body was later shifted to the morgue of the hospital for postmortem.
He also expressed concern that the youth who come from poor families are deprived of the opportunity to continue their education due to the college fees.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Linus Khriam, Secretary of Umru Village, said that the signboard installed by the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society is located in the middle of Umru Village. put a curfew in the village to warn people not to kill wild animals and all living things.
Mawkyrwat, June 26: The Ultimate Bikers Association (TULBA) of Meghalaya, which has been prominent in its charitable activities, has launched a campaign to help the needy in Meghalaya. On the 25th of June, 2013, they went to Um-Nongrim Village, Wahmawpat Samsymper, East Khasi Hills District.
The typhoon struck parts of Japan before moving to North Korea on Thursday, accompanied by heavy rains especially in to the North.
The Children's Day was celebrated under the theme “Back To School – Safety & Security”, in which about 200 school children attended the event, along with the presence of police chiefs. of the 6th Battalion.
The State has witnessed such a struggle of the Khasi people in the past years and which continues to this day and all this is nothing if not that feeling of fear, fear that the day of the Khasi people will be destroyed. I'm going to leave Earth.
Lionel Daryl Rymmei from Umroi Ri-Bhoi District, has led the India U-19 team as a goalkeeper which is a great pride for the country and the state as a whole. He returned to the state today with the accompaniment of his father and all his relatives from Jorabat, Nongpoh, Umsning and Umroi where he lives.
The Prime Minister recalled the words of the scientists by saying, “India is now on the moon!” and added, “We have had the first flight of a new India.
The match on 30.11.2023 will be between Ladthadboh and Shangpung Lumiawmusiang at 1 pm.
He recalled that in the last five years, protests and riots have happened every month, including the protest in Metor, the shooting of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, the protests of teachers, ASHAs. and even the employees in various offices have affected the people across the state.
The total number of MLAs in the Maharashtra Assembly is 287 and if the election comes, there will be
Shillong, Nailur 22: The contest for the BJP ticket from North Shillong Constituency has become more interesting with Bah Martamlin Pyrbot, one of the candidates for the BJP ticket on Friday. They have expressed their support for Bah Michael Kharsyntiew for the BJP ticket from this constituency.
In a letter sent to the Chairman of the PCI, Krishna said the IMA's support is in line with the decision of the German Medical Association to support the struggle of the health group. in the 1930s and 1940s during the Nazi occupation when they turned back to surrender after 75 years.
The Highway from Jenggitchakgre to Kherapara has been recognized as a vulnerable road due to the collapse of the soil due to heavy logging.
:Dymbur, a metal band, has released the song 'U Tirot Sing', sung by the famous Khasi singer, Desmond Rimaki Sunn.
In 2016 alone, according to the report, the police department registered 112 cases under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.
“I don't know how to make my payments over the phone and many things I still do at the register but my daughter helps me to make them through the app,” she said.
“We cannot do anything by ourselves because the SDO has not listened to the complaint,” said the president of JYO. Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The verdict against the rapists involved in the rape of a child It took time for the seven arrested persons to appeal to the High Court against the decision of the Tura Fast Track Court which refused to grant the release. prove that they are still children.
Regarding the return of foreigners, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that so far 10,655 people have returned to the state.
We must not forget that the most important in this are the following:1
Until God no longer hears prayers and does not receive answers to prayers.
This will ensure that urgent and necessary information reaches as many people as possible in a timely manner.
What is sad now is that all this has been brought to us from abroad.
They ate it all four years, because the manna fell from the sky at any time they opened their mouths.
The final is scheduled to be held at the SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo Shillong on July
At the same time, Prof Streamlet Dkhar, Dean of Humanities, NEHU gave a speech on the contribution of Thomas Jones as a pioneer in Khasi literature.
The army also said that during the past 12 hours (Thursday morning to evening), Imphal East and West Districts have witnessed fire incidents and attempts by robbers to block the road.
They encouraged participation in this program in order to increase awareness of the water supply industry in their city.
Bhawan Chyrmang (UDP) –
Bah Paul Lyngdoh also said that there is a need to appoint Government employees who can have links with various departments of the Central Government so that the schemes of the Central Government can be implemented effectively. within the state and to complete their work within the stipulated time.
“In such incidents, the police need to be well prepared, with the assistance of the SOT, and perhaps the delay of the Mawsynram police on the 12th is because they are waiting for the SOT to come from Shillong,” said Ian. .
And may God be with him throughout his whole life Amen.
Rupang has learned that these pipes which the PHE department should have buried or relocated should have been completed by 2020 as the department of the Government of India has already paid the cost. to the PHE department of the state government worth Rs 78 crore in October
These, along with other issues related to income, and others that may arise from the people, need to be looked into carefully and vigilantly,” said the Principal Secretary (Home).
Some of the residents and some of the elders said that what is causing more trouble to the residents of the village is that even though they urgently need a certificate from the Rangbah Shnong, there are no others. The Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary Shnong are still in jail.
Shillong, November 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday convened a special session to discuss the report of the Delimitation Committee.
Media reports said 13 people, including seven children, four women, were killed in the US operation, which included 24 airborne troops. helicopters on Friday.
The hostel and the medical college have been considered as disease-free areas.
The Rangbah Shnong of Insaw has lodged an ejahar against the Longkmie on the grounds that she has insulted not only him, but the members of the Executive Committee of the village. The Rangbah Shnong and the members of the Executive Committee of the village, went to explain to her that it is not right to clean the water tank inside the village. At that time, the Longkmie, laid hands on the Rangbah Shnong and insulted him with forty kinds of words.
Shillong, March 07: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Thursday threw stones at the Secretariat to express its strong condemnation to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. They also demanded that the government should temporarily suspend the police involved in the bomb blast.
THAT came Acts 2:3
James said that these allegations are just misunderstandings because he was not consulted.
On the demarcation issue, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs has congratulated the state government for taking the initiative to demarcate the border between Meghalaya and Assam in the second phase and expects that the demarcation will be successful. He also urged the state government that the Khasi villages should not disappear as discussed but should be included in the state of Meghalaya according to the documents and customs from the beginning. Mynbarim, along with a request to various political parties to cooperate in this border settlement.
However, the Minister during his personal visit found that all parts of the Auditorium could collapse at any time especially if there is an earthquake, so he suggested that it should be rebuilt through Technical. The Delhi Wing of the BJP party will assist in this free of charge to prepare the DPR and submit it to the Central Government for financial sanction.
As a nation we believe that we came into the world to earn righteousness, to live righteously, to work righteously and to eat only from the bread.
He said the party will consider after receiving the applications of those who wish to contest and the ways and means how to do so.
The nomination day will be on the 30th of October and the 2nd of June.
“Any donation to an illegal party – the HNLC is an illegal party, they will have to take responsibility for any kind of donation or assistance.
They said that the reason for these riots and which has affected the peace and order in the village, is that Bah Phliak Kharbihkhiew and some people from Hima Khyriem, where in 2010, Bah Phliak Kharbihkhiew was awarded the Rangbah Shnong, one from Khyriem Tynring and the other from Khyriem Umket. Headman of Pynthor Sohma.
Kyrshanbor Romeo Songthiang won the silver medal in the 60 Kg category followed by Lorenza Songthiang and Sany Khyriemmujat who won the bronze medal in the 60 Kg category. women.
The owner of the vehicle did not know anything, but when he started the vehicle it did not start and when he opened the bonnet of the vehicle he found that the battery was gone.
“I don't eat soybeans or drink milk, because I think they are food and in my childhood, I used to live without eating or drinking”.
The leaders who were confirmed and sworn in include Budlang Kharjahrin, President KSU Pahamlang Unit, Alexius Narleng, President KSU Baridua Unit, Alexandrio Kharkrang and other leaders. and members of these four branches.
On the same day, the Governor also inaugurated the wooden house built on the ground floor of the Raj Bhavan which has beautified the place.
When they lie and say that there is no coal trade, the people find and see that there is illegal coal trade.
“After the amendment of the Rules, we will issue a notice and then we will announce the vacancies for these vacancies and the CRB will ensure that it will conduct and complete the entrance examination soon,” he said.
About 99 per cent of the residents are farmers who cultivate on their own land and on uncultivated land.
The accident happened on the 11th of this month at 7:30 PM. A Maruti Zen number AS01 R 1724 carrying these three persons collided with a parked truck. don your number ML
B Block Jahangirpuri.
However, the fine from the men's team has affected the women's team by deciding to suspend the tournament.
Only Angelica tied for 10 runs, but this was enough for my team.
Babar was speaking after the AICC meeting, when he tried to clarify that although prices are rising, poverty has decreased.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Bihar 1-1 in the Ranji Trophy match in Patna on Saturday due to poor lighting.
If we read the Gospel of Matthew 20:1-16, JESUS ​​told a parable about the owner of the vineyard who sent out workers at different hours.
“The lush mountains, the barren forests, the fresh waters, the birds, the animals, and the mineral resources have disappeared and almost disappeared because of this disaster,” said T.Bn Bonnie.
The children who took part in this tournament brought a Christmas gift to Meghalaya by winning 33 medals including 24 gold medals, 7 gold medals silver and 2 bronze medals.
Regarding the initiative taken by these two brothers, Samla Mission Tron, expressed his great pleasure to see that these two brothers, have come out of the world to start their own businesses. stand on your own feet, because in such a world of unemployment these youths are an example for other youths of the state.
And they don't need to stand before the Great White Throne.
This is an election without any agreement between the parties in the state.
The Mawphlang-Khadsawphra Presbytery was the first Presbytery to respond to this request for hospitals. for the Dr Roberts Hospital in Jaaw.
When you talk about money or when a businessman comes to contest an election , he has the spirit of winning by any means If all the good candidates who have the desire to serve and become leaders hide away , we will get candidates Leaders who do not have the skills and do not have the will to serve and develop the villages in the constituency, but they are leaders only because they can buy the people with their wealth you have an election.
Sangma also announced that Rs 3 crore has been allocated for the construction of roads in Mowkaiaw.
Sonam Kapoor has entered the shula industry for ITC Vivel as a news anchor, where she has starred in the new shula film of an.
There is also a shortage of educational opportunities for professional, technical and vocational lines.
A Pakistani vessel seized in November last year in southern Gujarat was inside after being searched for a large number of ammunition and explosives.
However, there is also the organization of the Sengbhalang from their respective areas such as the Circle from Mawlai to come from Mawlai, Jaiaw from Jaiaw and so on.
Confirming the position, NPP President Dr. WR Kharlukhi said that after the last mid-term elections, the sympathy vote did not work at all in Rajabala, Selsella and Umroi.
He said that the reason why such incidents are increasing may be due to the lyngkrang in the life or the homes, and he said that the opportunity for evil spirits to enter the He said that in this age of science and technology, if people don't know how to use it, it will make people crave alcohol. through the viewing of pornography which corrupts the minds of the viewers.
We have made decisions and changes in our lives.
Therefore, the 6th Scheduled as it stands has no power to prevent the infiltration of mynder and to protect the villagers of the state.
"Think of how these young people can become unemployed and escape from the poverty that will plague them.
US President Joe Biden has made it clear that talks with Russia can continue, but has assured that the US will not allow Ukraine to violate its independence and will not. govern yourself and yourself.
This is my small request please tell me the theme of this drama. What is the theme? What is the difference between the Khasi and the English according to the book of Drama by Tirot Singh?
Shillong: The dead were identified as Dismi M Sangma (26) of Rangmal Badim, Williamnagar, Sengsram R Marak, Traiwin R Marak, Laskapara (Damra), Goalpara. Marak (23) of Bolgiggkre, Williamnagar, Tangsimbirth M Sangma, of Old PWD Colony, Williamnagar, Chekamchi G Momin (18) of Balsrigittim, Williamnagar and Bah Everest Kharumnuid (45), of Umphyrnai, East Khasi hills.
He said that the curfew continues till today to ensure that the residents of the state are safe.
Furthermore, the report said that the incident happened on the 4th of last month when one of the 16-year-old players celebrated with the thy birthday is in thy bedchamber.
“We have not yet taken a decision on whether to take or leave, for now we are only talking about going to the villages where there is a dispute and listening to the voice of the people to end the dispute from both sides. state,” said Bah Dhar in an interview with the media.
Therefore, you muid be a Khasi or a Garo.
As one who reads the law, I speak clearly to these drivers and I urge the public to pay according to the price set by the government and if it exceeds the price set by the government, I will not refuse to take. by the way as one who reads the law to punish these robbers.
If there is an inspection from both sides of the government, the inspection should be from Komphaduli to Umkiam.
“For further investigation, the committee has sent to the doctor to examine and give a final decision.
Ma KL Pariat, resident of Iawmusiang, said that the future of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) is still in the dark as the government has not yet been able to confirm whether it will save or kill the department. Urban Affairs, which is responsible for the cleanliness of Jowai.
Police sources said that after receiving a tip that someone was carrying drugs from Silchar and was trying to smuggle them to Shillong, the police stopped the drugs and arrested the two suspects. Police said that the suspects were using a Maruti Zen with registration number WB 02 P
After reviewing the implementation of the JJM in Meghalaya, Bah Tongkhar told the media that the target to complete the mission is by November this year and so far the state has more than 40% to deliver water to rural areas.
The Minister said that according to the announcement from the Personnel Department, through the suggestions of these four departments, the starting age for application and the final age for application will not change but will remain the same.
As the price of ata in Pakistan's Karachi district has risen, the residents of the city have not been able to buy the food item at a very low price despite the severe impact on their income. jongki at this time.
The Village Defense Party of Moodymmai was formed on 13th July 1963 with the desire of some Rangbah Shnong to bring peace and stability in the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Seng Khasi has urged the Khasi Jaintia people who have joined various religious groups to return to their traditional religion who still love the Khasi-Jaintia people.
Rynsan KAM calls upon all the residents to join hands to fight for the complete abolition of the Hima which is run by one or two families and supported by the wealthy and khwan benefit yourself.
In terms of public service, public interest, should not be denied even if a person does not have an Aadhar Number, and that a person's personal rights are a special right in human rights and others. The issue is that the government should inform the public that the people should not be forced to have an Aadhar number or that it is not Salonsar for everyone.
Shillong, July 2: The KSU-South West Khasi Hills District today honored two Khasi students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations
The Block Development Officer, Dr.BS Langbang encouraged the farmers to work harder and urged them to take advantage of this program especially as it provides a lot of assistance to the women in various fields.
“The guards said they didn't know anything, but we drove them away from the place and took them to the parking lot of Addll.
Although he did not want to comment on the demand of the political parties to implement the ILP, Pastor Phawa said the church feels that the government should create the mechanisms to bring about the implementation of the ILP. there is peace in the state.
Meanwhile, the driver of the vehicle has been arrested for failing to provide the documents for the registration of the clothes.
Through this victory, Lumshken against Shilliang Umshong changed the result and Tpepswer entered the quarter final.
Program Convener C.Thangkhiew and Program Secretary B.Nongbri said that the party looks forward to holding such programs in the coming days.
Gokhale also promised that the AITC will demand that the ECI should send an inquiry into the NPP's concealment of its assets as it is not according to the report submitted to the ECI. The NPP has submitted its nomination to the ECI for the year 2020-21 until the end of 31st October
The District Legal Service Authority (DLSA) in collaboration with the Divisional Forest Officer, Social Forestry & Territorial Division, on 8th July celebrated the The World Environment Day on the theme, “Beat Plastic Pollution” was held at the Conference Hall of the District & Session Judge, Mawkyrwat.
Shish you have warned me not to PIL. He called my house and warned me to shut up and shut up.
He started his primary education at St. Joseph's Secondary School, Pynthorumkhrah, then went to St. Peter's Secondary School, Mawpat.
There will also be a distribution of bibs on 17th October 2023 at the office of the District Sports Officer JN Stadium, Polo from 10am to 5pm.
In June this year, Javed won three medals in the NPC Junior Senior Open Men Category Power Lifting held in Dimapur, Nagaland.
One of the teachers, who spoke to Rupang, said that the teachers had made a mistake yesterday, that they had not arrested the woman and had not taken her mobile number and released her. it will go back.
In another report, 16,867 new cases were reported today and 328 deaths in Maharashtra.
“Let's see what the answer is.
The husband takes part in the two responsibilities as the mother in his family and the father of the household.
Lum Sohpetbneng: Tens of thousands of traditional believers have climbed the Lum Sohpetbneng today.
“The KSU strongly condemns this action of the Police and demands that the police who ordered to throw tear gas and lathi bombs at the contract teachers should be punished,” said the Chairman of Education. KSU's cell is Raymond Kharjana.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited the Cancer Wing of the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Health is in the hands of the individual to take care of his or her own life, beyond that it depends on the power of nature.
Giving details of various schemes, Rahman said that the construction of the Nekikona Combined WSS Scheme (Scheme Id is 8394205) has been allocated T.6036.03 lakh and the money has been paid to the Nekikona Combined WSS Scheme. if the Firm and the Contractor T.5178.71 lakh.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 16: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited the Khliehriat Civil Hospital and saw with her own eyes that the construction of the hospital has not been completed. Although the staff is sufficient, it needs to have adequate building and adequate rooms.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 3,654 and the total number of deaths has risen to
The department wants to sign contracts with societies for the marketing of this sohphan and the government can also sign contracts with companies to market this soh better.
The Dorbar Shnong Barato has requested the government to set up a police station in the village as soon as possible as the village will also prepare for the Synod service in
The government through the Urban Affairs Department has handed over the operation of STPS buses to private groups after the management of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) failed.
Furthermore, the union has demanded that the JHADC should clarify the benefits of these check points through the transfer of them to the private sector because according to the union, the benefits are from the management and not from the private sector. and the greatest is the shaki riew shimet.
More than 100 entrepreneurs, SHGs and FPC farmers from all over the region attended the meeting.
About 40 villages and 50,000 people are under the jurisdiction of this CHC and only one doctor cannot provide adequate services to the people and most of the people have to wait for many hours. to get treatment even when they encounter cases where some patients who need urgent treatment also have to wait.
On the other hand, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh announced that the party has appointed new office bearers in the state.
Telangana is one of the 10 states in India with the highest income growth in 2020-21, followed by Delhi, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. Nadu, the highest income earner in the state.
He said that there are many kinds of diseases that he treats from rheumatism, rheumatism and bone diseases, rheumatism, rheumatism, rheumatism, shock, eye pain, fever, and others.
Deborah Marak is also one of the candidates who has expressed her desire to contest the MP election from Tura Parliamentary Constituency and who also wants to get the Congress ticket.
Shillong: North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum has urged the Meghalaya government to take action to discuss with the central government the problem of the residents of the state who are living abroad because they cannot return home. airfares have risen.
But when he saw nothing more amazing, he sat back and closed his eyes and listened to the choir of the boys.
After returning to Shillong, they had the opportunity to meet with Bah Donald Wahlang, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, in the presence of Dr Vijay Kumar D, IAS, Commissioner, Finance, Planning, Sports, etc. They had a thorough discussion on many topics and also discussed how to get cooperation in sports activities.
He said the meeting also discussed the issues related to the completion of the counting to the Election Commission, the preparation for the party's Golden Jubilee and the party's general meeting in April. to come.
The church of St Anthony's in Kochchikade, Colombo, was destroyed by a bomb blast.
Meghalaya squad for Col CK Nayudu Plate Group final vs Nagaland:Abhishek Kumar, Abhishek Gupta, Agreas Cham Cham Sangma, Badonnam J Mylliemngap, Bipin Kumar Ray, Joydeepan Deb, Kevin Sanjeev Christopher (C), Kush Agarwal, Manish Sharma (VC), Mrityunjay Bharali (WK), Nishanta Chakraborty, PM Santhosh, Sudhir Sahani, Swastic Chettri, Wankitlang NongpluhStandbys: Aman Kumar, Frickey Sangma, Sachin KumarSupport staff: Neetesh Sharma (head coach), Synrapsing Riahtam (assistant) Dharr coach (Assidao coach), Emidao , Trainer, Help and Death.
Therefore, he said that it is necessary to empower the youth and to revive them by encouraging them to walk in the right path, to be knowledgeable, knowledgeable, knowledgeable, knowledgeable, knowledgeable, who are polite, helpful and grounded.
For example, you may get this disease if you are an elderly person aged 30-60 years and above.
She doesn't eat anything, doesn't do anything and doesn't do anything that is the responsibility of others.
Kitbok Nongtdu, General Secretary of the UDP, said that besides these 600 members, there are also members from other neighboring villages who have joined the party.
Then we went to visit the famous Buddhist temple which is made of gold.
The Congress leader said the Mizoram government had closed down the bridge, which was built by the Assam government in 2011-16, when Girendra Mallik was MLA of the state. region.
Drug users don't even want to take people's lives.
Bah SS Rynjah.
In the second leg, Laban beat Nongrim Hills 1-0 with one goal scored by Khrawkupar Tamu in the 80th minute.
BJP Member of Parliament Sushil Kumar Modi criticized the meeting in Patna as nothing but a meeting on corruption, governance and ethnic leaders.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 4 cases including one high risk, one ILI case, one from NEPA cluster and one police personnel.
Stik Kharlynnai (65), of Mawmaram, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 25-04-2
The house of Bah Thomlin Nongrum, Block II, Lawmali Pyllun was also evacuated from the dam.
Lajong didn't rely on the two goals they scored, but kept looking for ways to score the third goal but many of their attempts were blocked by Kharsati who scored. try to score well.
On the 4th of June, there will be a Holy Mass at St. Anthony's College, Shillong at 6:20 pm and on the 5th of June, there will be a Holy Mass at St. Anthony's College, Shillong. Holy Mass will be celebrated at the Grotto Chapel from 3 pm to 6 pm.
According to the purpose of all organizations is to bring benefits to many churches and to work for the development and welfare of any section of society.
Especially in times of poverty, sickness and suffering, they don't even get the education they deserve.
“The celebration of the birthday of Jesus Christ is not about spending time or money to buy beautiful and expensive clothes, but about doing something for others to give to others and celebrate. bad poor".
“I feel sorry for the teachers, because they have to take to the streets for their rights,” said Ma Rymbui. India has released it for the smooth running of the state.
“This place is the permanent home of the Jaintia,” he said. “This place is the permanent home of the Jaintia.
Aizawl: The Food and Administration Wing, Health and Family Welfare (H&FW) of the Mizoram Government on Tuesday warned the apple farmers that there is a risk of contamination in the apples imported from Mizoram. outside the state and which is very dangerous to the people.
Many times there are cases when we want to preserve the name of the Trai-ri, but it is a little difficult to see that if we call the name Dkhar-India, it is not right, but if we call the name Dkhar-ri, foreigners don't like it. , feeling bright, feeling equal to those foreigners (from abroad) and for that reason most of our people are reluctant to name the names of villages or places in English.
Today's match will be between Nangkiew Irat SC and Langsning from 3 pm.
At this time when we have to stay away, avoid crowded places, it is not easy to hold schools.
MLA to Reach Heaven MLA from Mawhati, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare Minister and Minister from Nongkrem Constituency, has distributed 5,000 heads to the people. around the villages, because it has been seen by the public, distributed by the public and some Dorbar Dong Shnongs have seen and known.
Regarding the appointment of people from those un-represented tribes to be members of the council, the state government of Meghalaya has expressed its opposition, after thorough discussions with all the groups. who also expressed that there may be dissatisfaction among these ethnic groups.
Shillong, Lber 10: The state government will soon announce the mid-term MDC elections in the vacant constituencies after the resignation of seven MDC candidates. “The government will soon announce the date of nomination for the mid-term MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh in reply to a question by Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy. inside the House of Representatives today.
Pradhan expressed his appreciation for the use of technology and suggested that the state should look for ways to introduce drone technology in agriculture to provide services in the field of agriculture. move your goods from one place to another.
Bah Julius K.Dorphang was arrested for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl and charged under the POCSO Act in
Two or three more Congress MLAs will join the BJP in the coming days.
When asked who will appoint the leader of the Opposition, Bah Ardent said that as the VPP has only four MLAs, other parties may appoint the Leader of the Opposition.
Thus he rebelled against God the Father in Heaven, he also taught his followers (the angels) should be free and not bound by the laws of the heavenly father.
After this, the robbers left the Principal's room and talked on the phone to each other in their own language.
Instead of eating food, you have to eat plants that are not your friend.
Those who were present included the Principal of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Fr Josh, the Principal of Little Star Academy, Nina Vanichia S. Pala, teachers and students.
Earlier, on Tuesday, nine people were killed in a shooting incident in Khamenlok village, Kangpokpi district.
The AIM group, as it has appeared since the beginning of the past years, has come forward to shed light across India, especially in Meghalaya itself, on the oppression and discrimination against the residents of Meghalaya. the State, for the purpose of receiving the Covid-19 Vaccine.
This statement came after the Sengkaikhlaw issued a statement to the MDA government, saying that the people who benefit from the illegal coal trade in the state are the prime minister and prime minister's secretary.
Samlin Malngiang has won his candidate from Sohiong, Pius Marweiñ has won his candidate from Langrin and Brolding Nongsiej has won his candidate from Mawthadraishan. to the War Jambor.
The festival was organized by the Directorate of Film Festival, Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India in collaboration with the Directorate of Public Relations, Government of India.
Shillong: Six MDCs of the Khasi District Council (KDC) have withdrawn their support from the Executive Committee led by Bah Teinwel Dkhar.
Only the UDP and NCP have scored zero or duck in the MDC election.
On Tuesday, the cause of the accident was first a tree on Laimer Road, at 8 pm, when the vehicles, crashed into Lummawbah and then those who stayed at Lummawbah Road. The traffic jam continued throughout the day, in which people had to walk from 3mer to the market for more than 10 hours.
Shillong, November 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah John F Kharshing on Tuesday held a meeting with the Lyngdoh, Longsan and Rangbah Kur at Pahambir Them, Raid Nonglyngdoh, Nongpo Sirdarship, Ri. -Bhoi District to discuss the unique customs and traditions of the Raid Nonglyngdoh, Nongpoh Sirdarship.
Shillong, November 13: The Lama Villa Dorbar Shnong will hold a cleanliness drive on the 18th November from 7 am to commemorate the memory of Paieid Soso Tham.
With the help of an ambulance, the following oxygen cylinders are provided: a.
Besides the training to the farmers, the quality of the water brought by the Dohkhana farmers from various ponds was also inspected.
“She is the head of the Commission, which looks after the future of all women in Meghalaya,” he said.
In the end, those who can’t are the ones paying the most.
That's what we always say and encourage for them,” said Bah Khlaiñ Pyrkhat on Thursday before the final.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Hundreds of primary teachers from all over the state of India took part in the General Council Meeting of the All India Primary Teachers' Federation (AIPTF) held at Madan Polo, Shillong.
Modi and the BJP party have now been able to show and convince the whole of India that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), the CAA, the new Constitution of India For the benefit of the BJP and RSS, there is no problem as it has won all the people of North East India.
The temporary closure of the tourist attraction and the fete is to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Children of non-Khasi fathers even if the mother is Khasi should not be accepted into the Khasi race of the mother, even if we take the race from the mother.
Earlier, the MeECL Engineers Association, has sent a petition to the Chairman and Managing Director of MeECL on 1st October 2021, to protest against the dismissal of Bah H Jyrwa SE (EM), on 17th June
Entry Tickets can be obtained from the following shops by 5th October 2019 from M/s. Mukhim General Store, Amlarem, Mr. Missionroy Nyalang DTP Shop Susa Jungai, Amlarem.
Therefore, we cannot escape.
The HYC has also met with the Secretary in charge of the market to discuss the issue of these state coins to trade and work in this area without proper documents.
The year 2022 is also important for Meghalaya and its citizens as the State will celebrate its 50th anniversary as a full State.
In a statement, KJDSTA President Babu Kular Khongjirem said that the government through the office of the Director of DSEL, has sent an order to release the salaries of all the 11 DSEOs in the state.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that 640 Polling Stations have been identified as dangerous, 323 as dangerous and 84 as dangerous.
The demand to suspend the construction of the road is based on the fact that the government has not yet paid the compensation to the land owners affected by the construction of the road and signage.
This order prohibits the entry and exit of foreigners into the village from 5 PM on the 13th of this month until further notice.
He also urged the people to join the Congress party because only under the rule of the Congress party will the country be peaceful and harmonious.
Similarly, before 2014, only Guwahati was connected by rail, but now, under the project to connect the cities, Arunachal, Tripura and Manipur have been connected by rail. the 5 other states is to be completed soon.
He said that once he sent his wife to withdraw money from the bank by cheque, but she could not withdraw it. money, because the authorities have closed their account numbers.
Appealing to the people to vote for the NPP candidate to bring about development and change in Sohiong constituency, he stressed that the way to bring about development in the constituency is to vote. He also appealed to the people not to listen to other parties and ensure that Sohiong will be a model constituency.
Samla Rymphang, Bah Arjunstar and two young women from Kynshi, but could not attend, but were led by their father.
The contribution of Christian churches in health, education, income generation and culture should be seen as good deeds,” said CAS.Shillong. July, 03: The Border Security Force (110 Battalion) on November 31, 2022 rescued 31 muid from trucks smuggled to Bangladesh through on the border of East Khasi Hills.
The celebration was attended by Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, Umroi MLA, Umroi MLA, Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Victor Rani, Jirang MLA and others. There are many NPP leaders in different blocks of Ri Bhoi.
