The 'tiew dohmaw, the writing of the light will shine and spread.
I believe that the success of any program is when it encourages or benefits all those who participate in any way.
The Deputy Superintendent of Police (Dy.SP) was also injured in the incident.
Nongpoh: On the occasion of the 151st birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, the leaders of the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee (RBDCC) and the Nongpoh Block Congress Committee (RBDCC) on Tuesday held a ceremony to mark the 151st birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. A non-violence protest to express strong opposition to the laws introduced by the NDA government led by the BJP party. Gandhi and to protest against these laws of the central government, the Congress held a rally at the Congress office in Nongpoh.
Earlier, the Chairman of the CPA said that during these two days, many important suggestions have come out for the North East.
The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, in the past few days, said that since June this year, there have been seven cases of death in Kamrup (Rural) area. Districts where 63 others have lost their lives and 63 others have contracted Hepatitis A. According to sources, on Tuesday, the Prime Minister, He also visited the Loco Colony area and sent his condolences to the family of a patient who died on that day.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Marbud Dkhar said that he came to help and encourage these students as well as the teachers of the school especially as it is a school which is not like day schools.
These are the ages of the Church's apostasy from the faith. “For that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first” (2 Thessalonians 2:3).
It cannot be said that Jamwal was a skilled player in not allowing Thapa to win easily.
Referring to her joining the VPP, she said she sees Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit as one of the leaders that the country and the nation needs to trust and turn to. a strong foundation for the country and the nation.
“Therefore, it is time to relocate the BSF camp immediately and according to the information we have received, the NoC from Syiem Khyrim and the villages which they intend to relocate have received but the NoC has not been issued yet. it is the KHADC,” she said.
Dr. Mukul's remarks came at a time when Purno A Sangma had appeared himself to contest the MP election and had appointed his daughter Agatha Sangma to contest against the candidate. Daryl Momin's Congress.
“Last year, there was a blackout for about 7-8 hours in the state but we have prepared and taken measures in advance to curb this problem and for this reason, the blackout has decreased this year.
The investigation at the police station is ongoing and those who need it can go to Lad Rymbai Outpost, said GK Iangrai, Assistant Inspector General of Police, Meghalaya.
It is to be recalled that the NEHU Workers' Union has been on strike since 1 July 2022 to demand from the relevant authorities to demand that the relevant authorities should fully employ them.
Dr. Lyngdoh said that as a member of the House, he wants the House to follow the Rules.
Meanwhile, KN Kumar said that the implementation of the Apiculture Mission in the state has boosted the beekeeping industry.
According to the report, the family members of the child had tried to sell the child by a doctor known as Diganta Choudhary, from the hospital shortly after the birth, but nothing happened. and those who were in the house brought him home.
Shillong: U North Shillong MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has lodged a complaint in the House against the increase in school fees and various fees imposed by the school authorities, which has affected the parents of the poor. the book, which upholds the spirit of the Right to Education (RTE).
For this reason, this stone has been named as the tyngka thad tyngka, which is located near Pyrnai village which takes only 5 minutes to walk.
Apart from those from the Garo community, 41 candidates have been appointed recently in connection with the MLHP in an order issued by the Mission Director.
The competition was organized by the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Department of Arts & Culture and Water Resources, Shillong. of whom 32 were students and 5 were individuals.
For the children, teachers have been paid T.3.34 paise per Lower Primary child and T.5 per Upper Primary child.
Amlarem: A man named Yoomikib Marboh has lost his life after his house caught fire and burnt down.
Baroh shi kata,,you can judge the proper channel.
These include food shops, livestock feed shops and shops selling agricultural tools or equipment.
Promising to protect the respect for different religions in the country, Robertjune said, “We will ensure the right to worship as a fundamental right of everyone and this will continue in India.
The Minister said that in his own experience, in some states, where the BJP is in power or has a share in the government, he sees that the income of the people is “The BJP doesn't have any other issues to work for the people, but they say that the BKP is working not for their own benefit, but for the people,” he said. Speaking on the situation in Meghalaya, he said that the BJP should get more MLAs, although the MDA government has done well, but better things will come. If the BJP, it will have more power in the government”.
He said that five ministers of the Malai Sohmat Hima have appealed to the High Court and he as CEM has no choice but to remove him as Syiem and appoint an Acting Syiem.
The two day tournament was held on 21st and 22nd November 2023 at Umsning Auditorium Hall, Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District.
He said that this was done to prevent the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh and if the cows that have been slaughtered will go to Bangladesh and if caught, the owner of the cows will be known. water ksam ears.
At night the owners of the house used to remove the chain from the neck of the ksew, and the ksew which was temporarily freed from the chain was very dangerous to the people who entered the yard of the owners.
The Shillong Arm Fight-All India Championship will also feature several stars who have competed in competitions around the world, including Yogesh Chaudhry and Chetma Sharma who have competed in international competitions.
“Up to Rs 41 crore has been allocated and it will be ensured that by November at least 26,000 to 30,000 households will benefit,” he said.
Matthew 3:12 and so on.
Furthermore, the residents of Shillong and surrounding areas are requested to refrain from traveling through these areas and around Shillong unless necessary or for urgent reasons or take other routes to reach these places. of them, the statement said.
Shaei you don't.
On this occasion, the school authorities also honored the parents of the students who have dedicated their bodies and souls to educate their children because education is the foundation. weapons in this juk is now.
I want to know about the Word of God, Bah or Kong on my part, I want you to pray with me because many times I have walked with the world without pleasing God.
Training was given to young men and women.
“The MC has dismissed David R Marak after he lodged an FIR at Mawsynram police station against the misuse of the MC,” said Saul Chism Sangma, a teacher at the school. monday.
Now the majority are from Assam and also from Manipur.
In 2013, although I didn't win, the spirit of fighting stood firm, and in 2018, with the love, trust and prayers of many people, I won as the MLA of the constituency. North Shillong,” said Bah Adelbert.
On Tynsong's request to the VPP not to talk politics on the issue of resettlement, the North Shillong legislator said, “I would like to remind you that the VPP will not mislead the people. the people of the state.
Where will this wealth lead? The outbreak of COVID 19 has put everyone in a big question mark, because now people have to put their lives first in safety.
Dr.E.Passah, Senior AH & Veterinary Officer, Poultry Farm, Jowai, said that the day was led by the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations. a topic on how to approach the livestock industry for the sake of environmental and health and income generation.
They found that the truck was carrying 70 boxes of phensedyl.
“According to the RTI received from the C&RD Block Sohiong office on 12th November 2022, it shows that the names of 15 persons have received 10 and 20 thousand rupees from the MLA scheme but in fact only one “I don't know,” said Bah John.
Without naming the party, the Prime Minister referred to the HNLC, saying that the willingness of the youth who have been misled to come to the negotiating table is a sign of hope. to have peace.
However, police have not received any information on the modus operandi of the arrested persons and are conducting investigation.
The DC's office has directed that everyone should follow the government's directives to keep a distance from each other in the workplace and the Dorbar Shnongs should ensure that there is a strict implementation of the rules. keep.
The party, through Ma D Tang, Assistant General Secretary of the UDP Mowkaiaw Circle, urged the leaders of the party to take action so that the candidates of the party can work forward without hesitation.
The days and times pass to turn the shalyntem of time.
There are many events in our country which we don't think about or talk about only in Shillong.
The desire of the people of Rambrai to join the VPP was also witnessed by their readiness to stand up from their seats and raise their hands after the President of the party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit who was The Nongkrem MLA at the end of his speech asked whether if the people have decided to join the party, they would like to stand and express by raising their hands without any pressure.
“It is the fact that they counted me out, but from the first day I knew that the people are not stupid and my victory again this time is because they have the strongest weapons. of me, those thousands of voters,” said Bah Adelbert.
The program was conducted by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah A.Nongbri.
He said that without the permission of the government or the Deputy Commissioners, no one can go and collect money.
“Until now, the company has not done anything and the compensation to the farmers or land owners has not been received,” he said.
He said the party's preparations have been going well.
At the same time, the union sends a message to the government that it should not just look at any demands to meet the needs of the people but should also look into providing them in the right manner so that they can meet the needs of the people. don’t put pressure on later.
The policeman was identified as Md Miraj Ahmed, who works at Krishnai police station.
During the dry season, load shedding is usually done where there is too little water, while during the rainy season, load shedding is usually done where there is too much water.
Prof Dr C Daniala, Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS was the chief guest.
“Well, father, just come to school and after drinking, I'll send you to walk quickly to find that it's raining,” said the mother.
Finally, the KSU Khliehriat Circle demands that the government should immediately repair the road, otherwise the KSU will continue with the protest, said Samla C.Suja General Secretary of KSU Khliehriat Circle.
He has about 20-30 seamstresses to sew military uniforms and other items.
Speaking further, the accident happened on November 4 at around 9 pm, while the body of the driver was found on November 5, 2023 at 1:30 pm by the Nongpoh Police Station and the National Highway Authority of India.
East Jaintia Hills Police have seized heroin worth Rs 2.1 crore after a raid in Ratacherra, East Jaintia Hills, and arrested the suspect on 30th June
The chief guest, Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC, said that to take part in such a program is very special before welcoming the New Year
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Government of Meghalaya, today announced several necessary announcements. The reason for these cases of Covid-19 in the state is because there are people who have suffered from chronic illnesses such as rheumatism or rheumatism, but they are stingy and don't have the responsibility to come forward and they are afraid. to send for testing and they want to hide because they are afraid that people will know.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has refused to hand over the investigation into the shooting death of Agnes Kharshiing to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Last month, Assam police also arrested three persons from a village known as Rupohihat's Ambagan who were trying to smuggle the colors of kyndad.
In Mizoram, the government has suspended the opening of schools in the state.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Monday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes to stop the foreign trade between India and Bangladesh through the border. and Tamabil, Dawki.
Hours after the meeting, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has released the results of the B.A.6th semester.
The decision came after petitions against Aadhaar as almost all of them claimed that Aadhaar violates the right to privacy.
During the final, the Sports Club also honored three elderly and intelligent spectators who came to support the games.
Police of Patharkhmah Police Station on receiving the information rushed to the scene of the incident and conducted further investigation.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93173 out of which 91098 have recovered and 1565 have died.
Other speakers included WC Pariat, District Agriculture Officer, W Challam, Superintendent of Fisheries, Hubert Kharbuki, Dr.F .Langstang, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, East Jaintia Hill District and PS Suchen, Assistant Director, Horticulture Department, East Jaintia Hill District.
Cemeteries, 30 feet by 6 feet tall, were dug at Kemnal Park in Chislehurst for the burial of Muslims.
The KSCMD was inaugurated on 29.04.1949 at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw.
After this, Apandanka managed to remove another batsman in the next two overs and scored 4/11 in seven overs.
BAM-JH was established on 14th November, 2020 in Jowai and through this BAM-JH has opened up opportunities for the youth to get jobs and at the same time helps the young people to avoid the evils of society.
They were among the 36 candidates selected to represent India.
Besides the heroin, police also seized two mobile phones, 4700 tyngka and a Scorpio with the registration number MZ-01-D-6
But if it doesn’t work they’ll get back together.
Hiatus hernia - which affects one third of people over 50 years - where part of the abdomen rises up through weakness in the diaphragm.
Odisha, Kerala, Chattisgarh are the States which have successfully implemented this scheme through Women's Organizations and various organizations in different villages of the States. their.
The flag was hoisted by the Chief Guest Rev. (Dr) ES Langstieh and a wreath was laid on the statue of Thomas Jones on the ground floor of the College.
The language they speak is Nongtrai.
He said that the awarding ceremony was organized by the Congress candidate from Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Nongrum and there were also allegations that the party was founded by himself.
The Election Commission in a notice issued on 18th July has announced that the campaign period will start from 7 pm to 4 pm on 25th June and the 48 hour period will start from 4 pm on 25th June. on the 25th of June.
Police also seized the ambulance used by Reginald.
The term of office of the new Executive Committee is 2023-2
Will God do as He did in ancient Egypt? It is terrible, if the people of the countries and kingdoms reject the knowledge of God, how much more will God send evil upon the countries of the world! Countries that reject the living God, countries that persecute Christians who are spiritual Israel, the wrath of God is coming.
“When the Assam police raided the school in Sabuda, hundreds of members of the party came out to attack. The new office bearers of the CoRP are Bandari Ryntathiang, Vice President Donbor Rymbai, Vice President Nickson Kharkrang and General Secretary Friday. Jalong,Vice General secretary Common Klein,Fiance secretary Gershom Hat,Education secretary Lurshai Kharnaior,Treasurer Precious Nongrang,Sport secretary Robes Kylla,Asst sport secretary Dones Surong,Agriculture secretary Wanbok Makri,Organizing secretary Phrangh,Duslindo Public secretary Lycipity secrettun Robin Markhap and 10 executive members.
A spiritually free people is the leader.
The country has a population of about 2.5 million and is also waiting for World Bank assistance to deliver medicines and supplies as it has not received any income.
Although he did not announce the names of the candidates, Rikman said it would be announced once the party has approved the elections but for the KHADC and JHADC elections the party is not ready to prepare. “The BJP is everywhere, the preparations for the MP elections are already there,” he said. who have applied for tickets but I cannot tell you now and I will inform you when the parent party announces”.
I am grateful to Berkeley Diengdoh Pugh for reading all the chapters more thoroughly, and for putting the Khasi language more accurately in many places.
There will always be those to fight against.
Sometimes it happens that the master urgently needs work and he won’t hesitate to keep his worker to work overtime – period.
The BJP has also promised to distribute 10 lakh cows a year and Owaisi asked whether he too will get a cow.
He was not allowed to eat his food from home, but was served at the National Hindu Restaurant near the NCB office. Aryan Khan's mobile phones have been handed over to the forensic police to investigate the use of mobile phones by Shah Rukh Khan's son.
He said that on the 2nd of this month, Bah Witting visited his shop (Wallambok) in Nongstoin and asked about the status of the NPP party. Bah Witting said that the NPP party is like a joke but suddenly in his lack of thought he said that Bah Witting has spoken against him by saying, “You will do with me, you will destroy them. your possessions".
However, after a few days, the ARPA was able to re-elect Grace and James Sylliang, MDC Mawhati, who is the Secretary of the PDF, came to increase the number of people. The ARPA has accepted the proposal of Adelbert to step down from his post and has elected a new leader by Metbah. Lyngdoh of the UDP. As it is now in KHADC, the ARPA is in the midst of a high paid, although there has been a statement from the state government to introduce the Administrator rule, but if the Administrator rule is not implemented, KHADC, it is clear that the next CEM will be Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, if each group and each party of MDCs has suspended temporarily before the election for CEM. ARPA will take over as CEM, he will also be the third CEM among the MDCs who won the 2014 elections whose term of office is only a few months away.
Rguel Dkhar (20) and Odame Lyngdoh (60) scored the goals.
There are many other waterfalls too that are beginning to dry up.
The UDP Mylliem Constituency also congratulates the Upper Shillong Village Authorities Union for taking part in this protest which has affected the lives and deaths of the people of the area.
They also estimated that the loss of Rs 4-5 lakh.
However, despite the 21 runs scored by Manish Sharma, Meghalaya lost all wickets for 86 runs in 41.5 overs.
In India's FIH Pro League matches, the team has won all four matches against Germany and two against Australia.
Dr. Sajied Ahmed, Veterinary, Assistant Surgeon, Mankote, Poonch, Jammu & Kashmir, explained about the problems faced by farmers who move here and there and how to reduce these problems and damage when traveling from one place to another. .
Conrad said it was a small start in Mizoram.
Speech was also delivered by the son of Bah EK Mawlong, who first expressed his gratitude to the Creator and to the people of the area and especially to the people of the area. to the MFA who remembered his father and his legacy.
As believers who have experienced the deliverance of Christ, God's call is that we must stand firm in the deliverance of the Lord.
Roshan said the Government will deploy police patrols along the Shillong By-pass and also provide police patrols for trucks carrying petrol from Assam to Meghalaya.
That if people rebel against God, God can send a terrible plague like the Assyrian plague, in which many of them will die at that time.
There is no doubt that once the Shillong Western Bye-pass is completed, it will benefit the North East and the North East.
Shillong, Nailur 25: More than 100 political parties from Lum Garo Hills District today protested against the allowance of foreigners to take part in the MDC elections in GHADC on 12th March,
It is learned that in the forests there are many beautiful and valuable trees but the people of Assam have already forced them to smuggle them back to Assam.
If you want to become an elder and become a true father of the family you must learn this lesson of mine that you must not be softened, submitted or controlled by a woman.
After Conrad's victory, the ruling synrop party in GHADC has not yet elected a new MDC.
Shillong: U Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, candidate of the TMC, today announced that he will contest the 2023 MLA election from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency.
The Regulatory Board has also conducted an inquiry against the Mahatma Gandhi University of Meghalaya at Byrnihat and will submit its findings on July
Girls' Hostel is located in Mynthong, Jowai.
His inclusion in the squad will strengthen Meghalaya especially in the batting for the tournament.
God is patient, but if a man does not repent, God will destroy him, just as he destroyed King Saul.
“In fact, we have many laws to protect us, we have the Autonomous District Council, the Land Transfer Act, the Prevention of Benami Transaction Act, but why don't we have the right to protect ourselves? “The reason is that corruption is too high and if we forget this reason, the bigger problem will arise,” he added.
In a statement, Minister Langstieh urged the Daju Khasi and Dkhar to come and collect their clothes from tomorrow morning.
“I informed her about the various ongoing projects through the financial allocation that the Government of India used to provide support to various states through the EAP and the various development works that were underway," he said. said.
In the second half, Rangdajied FC had a better chance to hold the ball but couldn't score.
The programme, which has been scheduled, is that on the 18th, there will be a thanksgiving ceremony at 9 pm and on the 19th, there will be a thanksgiving ceremony for the suitnia long Raid. The ceremony will be held on the 20th June 2017 at 12 noon and the shad ka kmen will be held at 1 pm on the 21st, 22nd and 23rd June 2017, said a statement from Bah C Marbaniang. Mylliem Raid Priest.
The meeting also decided to oppose the government's ordinance as decided earlier.
“Tell me about the Madrassas where the tricolor flag was hoisted even on the 15th and 26th of July,” he said.
“This program will extend the benefits of the ECD program to many villages which have not yet benefited from it,” said the Chief Minister. Anganwadi requires a population of 300 to 800 persons and for smaller Anganwadi sites a population of 150 to 300 persons is required, but many villages in rural areas do not have you are not like this.
The song is composed by Marbiang Dkhar and the video is directed by Sawbor Pathaw and Christopher Pathaw.
On the other hand, Bah VGK Kynta, one of the lawyers, who pleaded the case, said that there should be a good monitoring of the sale of meat and food and beverages. The lawyer said that if there is no such inspection, especially to look into the use of formalin, for the forced improvement of meat and foodstuffs, the lawyer said that if there is no such inspection, punish those who are in charge of this matter.
Shillong, November 04: The 2nd Division Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ) has concluded with two matches between Pohkseh SC and Smit SC. who has won the victory.
Nongpoh: The RBYF, Nongpoh Circle, today held a meeting to congratulate Samla Rilang Dkhar, from Umshaken, Ri Bhoi, who has been given the opportunity to leave the country. The 4th Bouldering All India Sport Climbing Competition 2019 will be held from 21st to 23rd of this month at Darjeeling.
The sad thing is that our people don't understand your greatness, you are like Elvis Khasi.
Regarding the illegal logging factories and the illegal smuggling of timber from Jirang to Assam, the union will lodge a complaint with the higher authorities to ban the illegal logging factories. The presence of illegal logging factories and smuggling of timber to Assam, has caused damage to the forests in the area.
Thrive FC scored the first goal of the match through M Shylla.
Therefore, those who have been cleansed of their minds, whose minds have been blown away by the four winds and whose minds have been blown away by the wind, should be removed from the Kingdom. Border.
“You won't see any of them do it," he said.
Shillong, November 03: Shillong Lajong FC Chiponshila FC have won the Bongaigaon Trophy 2023 after beating Chiponshila FC in the final. yesterday Saturday.
Jesus died; His death occurred on the first day of April, 32 A.D. Thus the first day was known as Good Friday.
The price of these items includes T.6000 thousand for women and T.7000 thousand for men.
KSU Narpuh leaders said that another reason for the check gate is that there are too few policemen sent to the check gate.
On the other hand, Kong RM Kurbah, said that as of now, the state government has made it easier for those residents of the state, who are still stranded in other states and She said that now all they need to do is register at a link to accommodate the return of residents and all they need to do is to identify themselves through the ID cards, documents or identity cards, when intending to enter the state, through the COVID-19 Screening Center at Byrnihat.
Gold Medals will be awarded to 17 students who have scored the highest marks in the cumulative grade point average of various departments.
“According to Bah Adelbert, this agreement between him and Bah Pyndap Saibon was after a meeting held on 25th October this year in the presence of Bah Thomas Passah, Bah Mai. Pass with Mr. Wankhar.
Nongpoh, March 22: Pyrda Saw, a famous food shop in Nongpoh, has expanded its operations with a restaurant along National Highway 6 in the village. Lumber in Ri Bhoi.
This comes after Dimarkithmu Gayang who scored 561 marks (M, S&T, SSC, HPE, Kh) came third in the First Twenty candidates.
We learned, however, that it was the American who first reached the moon on July 20, 1969, which surprised the whole world.
check government and police vehicles, many of them are not licensed and their drivers are not licensed and do not wear seat belts.
He took Rajnath Singh during the canvass for the 2019 elections on Tuesday to the Catholic convent to campaign for the election from Lucknow.
Earlier, Minister Kyrmen Shylla had replied to a question by Mawryngkneng MLA Heaving Kharpran on the non-receipt of assistance by two families due to the fire.
The former Congress Government took this decision without consulting the farmers of the state,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who is also the Minister of Agriculture.
“Drivers have to hold in their hands responsibilities not only for their own lives but also for the lives of others.
“This illegal opening shows that there is a clear understanding between the Excise Department of the State Government, the District Council and even the Hima Mylliem authorities. law," he said.
The funeral service will be held on 27.10.2023 at 2 pm at the Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
If you are suffering from hypertension you need to treat it immediately.
Speaking to media, Kong Nongrang, who is also the first woman IPS officer to take over the post of DGP, said, “I don't think that a woman DGP is a woman. but as a female officer and as a woman, I feel that women have their own different role and I will use it to ensure that women feel safe as well as to maintain peace and order and to bring the relationship between the police and the public closer together.
Bah Synrem said the Government will invite the HYC to a meeting in the next few days to get more detailed explanations from the HYC. Rakkam A. Sangma urged the Government to connect Baghmara in Garo Hills, Guwahati in Assam and Bangladesh through the construction of a railway line.
Shillong: Senior leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) from East Jaintia Hills, including former MLAs and MDCs, have protested against the state government for allowing the transportation of u They have resigned from their posts and as members of the NPP through a letter to the National President of the party.
Speaking to u SP City, Vivek Syiem, he said that the incident between the doctors and the patient happened at 8:00 pm and after receiving a complaint, the police arrested the doctor. that at 8:00 o'clock this morning.
There have been allegations that the termination of the case has undermined the confidence of the people who are fighting against corruption in the state, and it has also been alleged that the court's action has undermined confidence in the court.
After that, there was another arrangement between the company and MeECL, for the payment in installments and after that, the company, paid T.2 crore, on 26th November 2011 and after that payment, give fire back to the oil company.
When contacted by some of the shopkeepers in these areas affected by the floods, they said that they have already warned before the rainy season because if the government or the relevant authorities do not take action, The 4-lane road is not adequate and due to the small size of the drains, the flooding will occur only. and the flood came, and they revealed it.
But while he was thinking alone about this, he made a big decision that whatever happened, he would take the law into his own hands in order to please himself and his beloved.
They even eat insects and bacteria that can endanger our health and lives.
“The BJP strongly opposes those who want to divide India as a united country without discrimination against any religion,” he said.
Police have also seized CCTV footage of the incident and are conducting a thorough investigation into the allegation that the organizers tried to cover up the incident. of people.
Besides these members of the Sengbhalang, there were also officials from the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), who visited the bridge and found that the bridge was broken. There has been a lot of damage to the inside of the bridge which has been built since
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that out of these 24 cases at NEIGRIHMS hospital; 13 of them are employees of the hospital including one doctor and 6 nurses, while others are patients and nurses.
Lemtina Pyrbot, resident of Lama Villa, Shillong, passed away on 03.12.2020 at Super Care Hospital Shillong.
Kong M War Nongbri informed the participants that the main purpose of the program was to discuss and take decisions on the ways and means. How the Government and the Press can work together for the sake of security and dissemination of information to the public.
“The Rs 100 crore will be spent from the Reclamation Fund allocated by the government from the coal owners to the Central Pollution Control Board and Rs 200 crore has already been received,” he said. Preston.
Therefore, this honor has encouraged the KSU and the nation as a whole to do many things for the benefit of many of the residents.
After half an hour, Nangseiboklang L.Nongbri scored the second goal in the 34th minute.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of the party encouraged them not to lose hope, as the party will always be with them.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 01: The Special Judge of West Khasi Hills District (POCSO) has sentenced a robber to 25 years imprisonment for the rape of a girl in West Khasi Hills District.
The project was implemented through the International Potato Center (CIP) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Management Programme, Horticulture and the Center Research Institute, Shimla.
Along with Chuaungo, 771 new members, including leading TV broadcaster Vanneihthanga Vanchhawng and journalist Lalremruata Renthlei, have been admitted to the Congress party by the President of the party. Lalsawta at the time of the meeting in Aizawl.
“At present, the work is going on fast, the fields of the residents on the border have been destroyed, but they have not yet received the land fee,” said SL Suchiang, Publicity Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle.
They have improved in education, they have improved in science and they have not forgotten their own culture, but when it comes to the youth in the state it is very difficult just because they have forgotten their own culture. They follow the example of others without understanding what will lead their lives.
Minister Duh advised the pharmaceutical industry to look for strategic locations for investment.
I am surprised and amazed and when this happens it makes us ask, How is the government prepared to fight Covid-19? As the CM and Dy CM have told the people from the beginning,” said Bah Passah.
But they are afraid that I will kill them,” said Bah Iangrai.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Integrated Development Complex or District Secretariat in Jowai. Minister of State for Urban Affairs and Tourism and Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA of Jowai Constituency.
The first day of the conclave will also include the opening of an exhibition showcasing successful projects under ISAC 2022 with cities, interviews with CEOs of smart cities and a visit to the smart cities. projects under the Smart Cities Mission in Indore and Ujjain.
The letter also states that liquor shops can charge more than 100 tyngka if liquor is delivered to the homes of people who have received a doctor's prescription.
“When I asked him if he did the right thing, her husband said he did the right thing,” she said.
“Surprise people, this election is a golden opportunity for you, stop these looting, surprise all these, this is the only golden opportunity for you,” he said.
She said that the MLA scheme has been able to help the villagers as scholarships for the youth from poor families.
It was found that the reason for the delay and stoppage of work is the government's inability to release the bill to the contractors.
This happened at Ummulong village this morning at about 12 noon.
How do you feel, Lano..." asked KongtheiKa Lanosha in her heart, feeling sorry for her friend.
He said that the main goal of the group is to instill the spirit of cleanliness in everyone to love the village by being clean and that is where the Khasi land is. “Our Khasi used to be clean but they changed their behavior later, that's why we want to instill in everyone the idea of ​​being clean and the Khasi country will be clean. clean" he said.
Therefore, he urged the government authorities through the health department to upgrade the Sub Centers in the district which will help the people to get better health care like other districts which have received better health care. more health centers like CHC & PHC and others.
This year's Behdeiñkhlam festival is more special in collaboration with the state government to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Independence which will end on 21st July 2022, as well as the 50th Anniversary of The 75th Anniversary of India's Independence will be celebrated on 15th August
Shillong, March 23: Hindu devotees living around Shillong today completed their Puja by breaking all the idols at the Umkhrah River in Polo.
The Mountains have their own legends associated with the beliefs or origins of different peoples in the world.
He said that the handover of the 33/11 KV substations to foreigners will cause strong opposition in the coming days.
Through Nano urea and reduced use of chemical fertilizers and increased use of organic fertilizers, the cost of farmers will decrease.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on July 24 has approved the cases filed against them,” said the HNLC. A resolution to oppose the proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Council was passed in the Legislative Assembly.
There should be collaboration to build an international source of traditional medicines.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday expressed his surprise and questioned the VPP leaders' sudden departure from the meeting to clarify the roster system called by the government. All parties in the state.
On the same day, the union said that it will continue to oppose the proposal to set up a Coke Factory by companies and private individuals in Nongjri area. The environment will not only pollute this river but will also endanger the health of the people.
He recalled that there was a meeting with Dr. Mukul Sangma on 31st July last year regarding the salary of teachers.
This was announced by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
I would like to thank God for raising up the leader of our country (Arvind Kejriwal) who sees far, especially for the poor.
At this meeting, three students who passed well in the HSSLC and nine students who passed well in the SSLC were honored by the Dongktieh Nongrah Youth Association.
You don't know if it's in your own home. How would you feel if others said that?
Therefore, he appealed to those who accuse him not to accuse without a good basis and the truth. We have a God from above who will judge all those deeds. “It's a very sacred job for them as leaders and rulers,” said Prestone Tynsong.
“We have investigated the Medical Officer who conducted the post mortem, four policemen, three family members, two police chiefs including the OC In-charge. Mawlai and the OC of Khliehriat who were involved in the bomb blast,” said Justice T Vaiphei.
“Regarding the construction of the PMGSY road in New Balakhawa, the Deputy Commissioner also visited the site and later Assam was allowed to build it,” he said.
Not only that, Ranu has been separated from her daughter Swati for 40 years, but now, through Ranu's fame, Swathi has come back to find her own. the mother and Ranu, she is a little happy, when she meets her only child again.
Shillong, July 1: The Garo Students Union (GSU) has alleged that the Government College in Lum Garo Hills is the only gateway to Kiang Nangbah College in Jowai.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by Donal Pyngrope today raided the CHC Pynursla.
A short meeting was also held at the Dorbar Hall Nenggate, Pynursla.
When the child arrived home, she told her mother and immediately took her to the Civil Hospital in Ialong. this happened.
Now they have been able to destroy the Congress party and the second goal is to destroy foreign religions like Muslims and Christians.
Trains have run to the plain Garo Hills and many have begun to see the dangers.
In short, in 2018, we have seen the collapse of the rule of the Indian National Congress (INC) in the state and the replacement of the rule of the MDA under the leadership of the party. sain hima National Peoples Party(NPP).
Shillong, Jymmang 19: To support the strike by its Working President Bah Adelbert Nongrum, the KHNAM has decided to hold a sit-in from today.
He also expressed his surprise that when the Secretary of the Law Department informed them of the provisions of the Sixth Scheduled, they were told that the three Two ADCs have to get the approval of the Governor for Bills in the Council.
The pangolin will be released at the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary after receiving permission from the court.
He said that in the next 2 and 3 years, the state will receive more electricity from the Solar Sector and Thermal Power Plants which will increase the demand for electricity in the state.
The vehicles entering Assam will be searched by the Assam police and will be released if found not to be carrying drugs, according to a statement written by GP Singh. Assam Police Chief, on Twitter.
If you are not one of these people, you should not be afraid,” he said.
The beneficiaries of government schemes were allowed to express their views and there was also a skit competition on how to protect the environment by the Village Organization of the Shnong.
Furthermore, all ration recipients will have to wear masks at the distribution points.
Formalin is a poison that enters people when they eat fish and can cause cancer.
Bah Thomas is one of the Working Presidents of KHNAM who has been a leader since earlier and now under the leadership of Bah Pyndap Saibon as President.
The Minister made this promise during a meeting with a group of Village Authorities led by Egenstar Kurkalang yesterday.
Chairman of the meeting, Bah S Lamurong Ex MDC of the area who is also the President of the 9 Village Association conducted the meeting.
The state team has reached the semi final of the 1st North East Inter State Friendship Tournament held in Nagaland.
The government today sent a letter to all political parties to drop the cases against the leaders of 11 political parties involved in the ILP protest. Bhoi District (DKRSRBD) has declared a 12 hour curfew on the 19th of this month to protest against the introduction of an ordinance by the state government instead of passing the Village Administrative Bill. KHADC: The decision to call a curfew was taken at a meeting of the DKRSRBD held today at Umbuda Square, Nongpoh.
It is in the EM that the corruption scandals of the department have been revealed until the point has been reached where a Magistrate's inquiry has to be appointed. Festival.
The COVID-19 Entry Checkpoint has been relocated on the 15th of this month, on the basis that the state government and the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, have relocated the Screening Centre. This is after some residents of Assam, who complained about the presence of the COVID-19 Entry Checkpoint at 13mer, as the checkpoint falls under Assam and which has affected the movement of people from Assam. state of Assam.
One of the women who sells soh and wai dong near the garbage dump said that she has been sitting in the garbage dump. I've gone down quickly,' said one of the sellers.
589 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed and 11 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1096 in the state on Sunday.
It is the duty and responsibility of the Government to provide basic necessities such as roads, water supply, electricity, sanitation, health, schools, colleges and others in every village.
For now, we have to wait for the 'lap bah' lap san to fill the Umïam and Myntdu Leshka so that we can escape from this blackout for hours a day.
In the past, hundreds of books were collected together to serve as reference books used by great thinkers.
Nongpoh: A youth identified as Kolshi Kathak from Pynker 'C' village, Umtyrnga area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, today opened a playground. which he built in the midst of the city.
The meeting also expressed its regret over the decision of the state government to amend the Meghalaya Service and Conduct Rules which aims to prohibit government employees from holding village posts or others as shown in the the news.
" said Linda.
It is an honor that the children have won many medals in various sports,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
This is what the party stands for".
The next day immediately after receiving the information , that Tuesday of the week, his wife applied for the Visa and received it this morning.
It is recommended to keep your teeth and tongue clean for a healthy body.
James Corden has hosted the Late Late Show for many years now, featuring singers and movie stars.
The lawyer Brightsatarwell Marbaniang informed the court that the teachers who teach in these government-aided colleges do not receive any salary from the government but from the Governing Body. The government has no authority to appoint teachers because they are not its employees. Therefore, “the teaching job in government aided colleges is not the responsibility of the He said that if they continue to teach to contest elections, it is not illegal because they are not employees of the state or central government.
The Dorbar Shnong has also imposed a fine of 1000/- tyngka on any truck which violates this decision.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commandant of BSF, ME Zingkhai said that this is an attempt to bring peace between the people especially the school children and the BSF personnel. uniform, but we are human beings like you and you should not be afraid of us,” said the BSFU chief. protected the country’s border to prevent enemy infiltration.
The strength of our family helps to lay a solid foundation for the future.
What is included in EGH: 22 (Others) EJH: 26 (Others), EKH: 661 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –02, Others–659), RBD: 61 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –04, Others–57) , NGH: 10 (Others), SGH: 12 (Others), SWGH: 46 (Others), SWKH: 03 (Others), WGH: 70 (Others), WJH: 07 (Others) and WKH: 23 (Others).
In the past, the government used to give 500 tyngka per month.
The KSU is not only a kharkhrong but has also done a job of distributing thousands of crores of rupees from Gauhati to Byrni.
The District Level Volleyball Tournament 2023 was inaugurated by Bah Damang Syngkon, District Sports Officer (DSO), South West Khasi Hills District.
They urged the government not to ignore the complaint of this private individual, who has no any thought, for the sake of the welfare of the society and especially, in relation to the the peace of vendors and buyers in Bhoirymbong Market.
The opposition leader of the AITC and former Chief Minister (CM) Mukul Sangma today accused the CM of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma of having close ties with a drug trafficker. They are from the state of Mizoram.
Milan / Napoli vs Benfica / Inter2
We are confident that we will be able to showcase the talent of the children of the state,” said Bah Sammy.
The lives of people in Europe are more comfortable and peaceful.
After the meeting with the Director, HYC General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the Director has promised to talk to the state government on this issue.
The Congress has won five seats, the All India Trinamool Congress five and the Voice of the People Party (VPP) four seats in the opposition.
Regarding the arrest of several persons accused of stealing Umphniang in Ri Bhoi, Bah Kennedy C.Khyriem, said that the arrest of those accused by the police is They have found sufficient evidence and they have to arrest them, because the theft of Umphniang is illegal, but to demand from the government to release them is not the duty of the government. “It will be the duty of the Court to give a verdict and if found not guilty, they will be exempt from punishment according to the rules of law,” he added.
MUDA should not harass the people who need certificates like Occupancy Certificate (OC) and others.
That blindness of Israel to this day we see in this way: “He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not.
This happened at a school where these gifts and donations were distributed for these people who have faced difficulties and food shortages.
However, hundreds of CRP personnel left the camp and entered Block 9 and Block 10 of Mawlai Nongkwar Village. They have bombed and thrown stones at 14,15 households. They have destroyed the roofs of their houses and in this attack, these CRPs have also gone to rescue those youths who live in them. Many residents of Mawlai Village especially those who took many youths to their camp to bomb and kill, have been angered by these bloodthirsty people wearing uniforms. They were handed over to Mawlai Police Station. We as KSU Mawlai Circle have received information that the Mawlai PS has released these youths this morning. 16th.
The body of the woman was left in the Ar kilo forest, Wah Umbluh Wai Khyrmi, which falls within the border of Dkhiah East, so that the CSU team can conduct the investigation. the necessity of the law.
The union also demanded that the Dangar PHC should be upgraded to a CHC which provides services to the people living in the border villages with Bangladesh. It is about 15-20 kilometers away from Mawsynram CHC and Ranikor CHC.
Because many bypass roads are needed to reduce traffic.
The farmers in the area, as soon as they had harvested the rice from the fields, after a month, they started to harvest their fields for planting and cultivating other crops such as jhur. jhep, rice and others.
Regarding the development scheme, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, also congratulated Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA of the constituency, for his hard work, which has brought about the development scheme of Jirang Constituency. to receive these development projects from the government.
Later, the accused accused the complainant.
“If it is a land that we have stolen and it is not our right or if we don't have the proper documents we don't dare to come out like this, we protest and we come out. I don't know if it's your right,” said the old man.
Rangkynsai Syiemlieh and Lumlangstar Nongpluh scored two goals (22, 26, 72, 75) each and Embhalang Suiam (62), Bahunlang Gashnga (45) and Shemphang Mawlieh (65) scored two goals each. Pynshai Myrshiang scored the first goal of the match (42).
Daoshwa Amse scored the first goal for Tongseng in the 78th minute.
“There are several suggestions, there are two suggestions, one should be fully implemented by Public Private Partnership (PPP) and the other, whether it should be connected to the existing health centres. “We have one Civil Hospital, Ganesh Das Hospital or Reich Chest Hospital to become Medical Colleges and another to collaborate with universities in the state like Ri-Bhoi,” he said.
“I’ve focused a lot on Arsenal in the last couple of seasons and the direction in which they’ve been," Rice said, adding “Not last season but the season before kato, where they finished only in fourth place, but you can see the way Mikel Arteta has implemented it.
FR Kharkongor, Commissioner & Secretary Textiles & C&RD led the Textiles & C&RD team along with government officials from the Textiles Department of the state to the G20 Exhibition.
One rule also states that “All languages ​​should be taught in a manner that children enjoy and are able to communicate”.
“The Congress asks for the vote of the people but where does it put the right to vote? I was in the Congress party but I was expelled from the party.
On the other hand, the residents have banned the Rangbah Shnong from issuing the documents to the Acting Rangbah Shnong, as he is only a person appointed by the Syiem alone, without any knowledge of the Rangbah Shnong. It is also against the Khaddar rule of Mawpen.
Who will be affected by such a thing? Isn't it the students? The enrollment of students is another issue that needs to be addressed here.
Speech was delivered by the president of the party, Samla Kyrshanlang Nongbri, who said that the aim of the party is to preserve and protect the environment so that the environment can protect mankind. The change of weather when hot can become hot and cold can become cold.
It is to be recalled that there are about 6 villages in Mawkhyrwang area which have not yet reached the road due to the height of the hills and the difficult nights.
Besides him, Cameron Norrie has also withdrawn from the tournament for various reasons.
Five persons were injured in the incident and were taken to the Civil Hospital Ialong.
“Many of those who earn their living from mining have complained that they can no longer send their children to school because of the ban on shyiap and quarrying,” he said.
One of the youths of Ri Bhoi District who has come forward to speak out for the welfare and social problems of the district and the state as a whole, speaking to the media today He urged the state government to set up adequate schools for the benefit of the students of the area.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, today announced that Section 144 CrPC has been enforced on the Umroi-Dwar Bridge Shillong Bye-Pass, to restrict the traffic on the Umroi-Dwar Bridge at 8 and 9th of this month.
Jowai, 8 Jymmang: After 33 years of service to provide education especially to those families who cannot afford to send their children to school in the city, the Unitarian Church in Puriang today celebrated its 100th anniversary. Puriang Secondary School to Higher Secondary School – from Class 10 to Class
He said the government of India should allow the states to make their own rules to curb the spread of the corona virus, but by following and reviewing the rules of the government. India.
The Special Rescue Team has rushed to the scene to help recover the bodies of these two persons. can bag.
The program was filled with poetry readings and other writings.
The song was seized by a team of 172 Bn BSF near BOP-Hangaria, East Jaintia Hills, which was smuggled into the forest area near the border with the intention of smuggling it to Bangladesh.
Deb said he is against the construction of roads but he said it is necessary for government departments to work together when there are such incidents.
The following are some simple tips for getting a beautiful and healthy skin this summer.
“Regarding the amendment of Article 6 of the Constitution of India, the NPP as the government has agreed and we have worked together to strengthen the District Councils in the state. The Parliamentary Standing Committee has submitted its report to Parliament and the Government will follow up on this issue”.
In just a few months, the state will witness the election of new leaders to the Legislative Assembly of the State which will be held in June or October next year. Many leaders especially candidates from different parties to start the debate even among the parties working together in the state government.
It was in this era that the posts of Syiem, Sordar and Rangbah Shnong became political.
At this festival, farmers from the villages of Sohra (Sohra Civil Sub-Division) will come to showcase their traditional foods such as sohphlang-u nei, sohthiang – sohjew bunjait, ngap-u lwai, syntiew – various natural resources, traditional music, phawar-ka phawer is the time of the 'rang-ki' thei of the area, shad rong – dance from the Hima and herbal medicines .
The Shongkha Shongman is one of the most important parts of the life of a human being.
“In the elections in the Northeast, we have won.
In addition to birds, you can also find many species of snakes such as the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan, the swan. The Nianglartham, the Niangjaw, the Wiehsoo, the Wiehnar, the Lymbnang (Thliem) and many other species who stand like Speh on the road to get human blood), the Kongke, the Tyrpit, the Khrohsyrtuk, the Niangmaha, the Niangsama. -at, Kongweng, Niangsalia and other species of flying insects.
Speaking to reporters, the two Ministers of Mylliem Hima reminded the market dwellers to keep the market clean, and ordered them to clean the surroundings of their shops including kit num and the sleps that have been covered with pailen, which have brought trouble to the market.
"It's just that I have to walk straight, finish my studies and hope that the Lord will open the way when I trust and surrender to Him," said Kynsai in his heart while he was sleeping in his sleep. .
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and Nongkrem MLA, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, on Tuesday said that if there are many candidates who apply for tickets from the VPP, they will have to lose their lots. clean.
Jowai, November 3: The JHADC has not convened a dorbar tlang yet and many MDCs have expressed their disappointment over the failure of the Chairman of the JHADC to convene a dorbar tlang.
JS Khardewsaw, Mawkrywat Village Minister, RR Lyngkhoi and also performances by the children of Jingkyrmen & Syntiewbarit Children's Group, Domjyrti, Juban L Nongsiej, Project Executive Life Promotion (PE-LP).
Marbisu Phoenix and Lawmei Leopards won the U-9 category, Leopards won the U-12 category and U-7 and U-11 category drew.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 29: The Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM) and the Meghalaya Indian Distributors Association (MIDA) have expressed their satisfaction with the government's action on the decision of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU). ) not to import petrol/diesel into Meghalaya after several incidents in the past few days.
An older and more experienced speaker knows how to choose which part of the Word of God to discuss.
The Supreme Court has suspended the order of the High Court regarding the implementation of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Assam and Meghalaya regarding the division and establishment of païa between the two countries. that state.
“Although the rural areas of the states in the country are different from each other but we believe that the states should develop in almost all aspects, so this visit is an opportunity for me to know.
The purpose of the program is to enlighten the world that it should not be afraid of the stupid or the half-hearted and should remove this attitude. say that you shall not stand near them.
FAIRFAX: A court today awarded $10.35 million in damages to Johnny Depp and his wife, Amber Heard.
Other MDCs urged Mansturdy not to take sides as the Speaker of the House, but to run the House smoothly while Albinus said that Mansturdy has “Who sent you to sit on that seat, if it was sent by the opposition,” he said. “You should do what the opposition says but you were sent by us, you should be turned away from us,” said Bah Albinus.
The word damdar also carries the same meaning for a leader who has been appointed to participate in a competition.
They welcomed the elders, youth and women from the NPP and Congress who have joined the UDP. The meeting was held at Mawthynrew South West Khasi Hills District.
About 2 crore children who have dropped out of school will return under the NEP
“I want to tell you if you don't understand that the manifesto is an election promise that the parties promise to the people and you can judge among the parties that promise the election issue who will take action to follow up on the promise on to review the Reservation Policy and we as a party have not delayed from what we promised to the people to blame him for electing only 4 MLAs like other parties who have tried to follow up. “This is because they cannot rule alone and besides that they blame the people,” he added.
Speaking to media, the Deputy Chief Executive Member, Bah PN Syiem said that the request came from all the villages within the Council's boundary including Mawkohmah Village in Nongstoin. However, the river will be in Rambrai constituency, Ksehkohlong in Mawthadraishan but wants to go to Nongstoin and Mawpat in Mawlai but wants to go to Pynthorumkhrah constituency.
Thus, the annual production of rice in Khasi-Jaintia Hills is about 10 million tyngka at a price of Re.1.8-0 per month.
The funeral service will be held today 17/11/2020 at 2 pm at the Unitarian Church, Jowai.
The same English word Chain also means a variety of lynter basa.
To become employees who are diligent, obedient to their employer and responsible for producing a good income, a company in China forces all its employees to sympathize with themselves. hi.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly was dissolved in 2001 and it has been 18 years since the state has been sitting in a foreign house because it does not have its own house.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle President Pauldip Tongwah, members of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, members of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and village elders.
This was announced by Bah Kenneth Majaw, Publicity Secretary HANM North West Khasi Hills.
“Through the speeches of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Education, we have already taken action on this and we expect that there will be consideration for those students who have been affected. that they may not fail to move forward in their future.
there is nothing wrong with it.
According to an earlier announcement, the three-day tournament is scheduled to start on the 1st, 3rd and 11th of November at Kynshi Bangla Stadium in Eastern District. West Khasi Hills District.
Last year, the residents of Nar-ang and Pahammawlein together with the leaders of the Seng Bhalang carried placards and banners to protest against the impact of the pum pum. The road leading to the weighbridge has been cleaned up and the road leading to the weighbridge has been temporarily closed down, but now the people have had to face the same problem. Due to the poor condition of the road and the traffic of many vehicles carrying goods from the gate, the pum pum has caused the residents to breathe pum pum.
“This concealment of facts and unfounded accusations by the Congress party shows the corruption, incompetence and stupidity of the party leaders,” said the BJP. Who ruled the country in those years? Who was it that tried to introduce presidential rule and overthrow them? Isn't it the Congress party that has forcibly arrested and banned the journalists from speaking freely, isn't it the Congress party? It is clear that the Congress party has no intention of providing clean services to the people," the BJP said. “The time has changed that the citizens want a clean, transparent and efficient government. a sure promise.
This writing has angered many women, who have criticized Ranbir for stopping her husband from smoking.
“But you see, we are still in the middle of the survey,” he said, adding that he had submitted the survey report on the closing day of the National Executive Committee meeting held in Delhi recently.
He said that now during Nokmas they have not been empowered to do the work related to the judiciary, because people go to the police and other law enforcement agencies and other issues, which should be done by the court. Shnong and Village Court and Nokma's Court.
According to Dr Jemino, the NC tomorrow will be very different from what happened in the last dorbar.
Para Khasi, the threats and condemnations are very strong whether in the field or in the newspapers.
When asked about the reason for his resignation, Bah Ryntathiang said that he and his followers wanted to join the Voice of The People Party. Prah said that the party, which has strong foundations, also has strong leaders who have the strength to lead.
“Let us accept this 4th of June as a day to remind us all the youth to live like the heroes of the past for the sake of a bright future for our future generations”.
He said that the party will look into this matter and will proceed to lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities.
Part of voter information will be dissemination through various channels such as social media and working group platforms, ensuring access to information among those involved and the public.
Aspergillosis is the most common and affects the kidneys by infection.
“As Mondal understood only Bengali, the court ordered the Jail Superintendent to look into the arrangements related to the needs of the jail so that he could communicate without any interference. trouble.
There are 9,62,640 people undergoing treatment and 95,542 deaths, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Speaking at a meeting of the UDP Pynursla Circle in Pynursla today, Dr Don said, “The Congress is now in the midst of a fierce struggle.
Lajong have played Rajasthan United in the recent match and are sixth in the table with 26 points and one point behind leaders Inter Kashi. adults.
The Secretary of TVWPS, Nongpoh said that the festival aims to preserve the environment and animals, birds and fish.
“We hoped to win at least 20 MLAs in the upcoming elections across the state,” said Dr Mawthoh, who is also the MLA from Nongthymmai.
On the other hand, the union is surprised that all these check points have been operated without the permission of the JHADC and the Licensing Officer according to the reply to the RTI received from the PIO Taxation Department. The union has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of JHADC to close the check gate for foreigners who come to trade within the border of JHADC. point and if it cannot be banned, the party will appeal to the court.
“We have already sent a proposal to the government for the VRS of 39 employees as the department does not have the funds to pay salaries and other benefits,” she said. Director of Housing Department, Rosett M Kurbah, told reporters.
Rev. Crossroads.
Another Wine Store in Iewduh, which is a popular road, has seen that in the past, people used to stand in line but now it is quiet. la ong, 'Before we had four or five workers, but we didn't have time to line up, but now we have only two or three workers. many of them have drunk 'yiad white' he said.
Jowai, Nailur, 26: Clashes between the Karbi and Khasi-Pnar communities have broken out again in Lapangap village, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday after the Karbi used to shoot spears at the Khasi. -Escape.
He said that through the participation of tourism operators from all over India and the world and journalists from all over India and the world in this festival, people from all over the world will be able to tip on the history of Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion was Dr. WL Nary, Medical Health Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said how can the TMC or Dr Mukul Sangma explain and prove on these cards that they have promised not to put the state at risk.
On this occasion, the Mawlangwir Sports Club awarded the best player award of T.5,000 tyngka to Hikai Bareh.
Ardent said that many people say that in politics they have to walk with devils and angels, but Ardent said, “I don't believe if you put two cows together in the same place. If the household doesn't break, then our politics is not a politics of lying and deceiving”.
Speaking on the UDP party, the President said that in 2023 there will be many MLAs from other parties who will join the UDP party. However, there are friends from other parties who have come to discuss this issue and the discussions are ongoing,” he said.
In cycling 6 men and 1 woman.
It is for this reason that the preparation for this great project, which is the life and death of the people of the State for the next five years.
After the inspection, Conrad Sangma said he is pleased to see that the implementation of these projects is going smoothly and in a short time, they will be completed and will become a reality. assistance to the patients at the hospital and especially to those who have Ozygen.
As I mentioned, so far, we have only 4 Resource Centers – Shillong, Nongstoin, Jowai and Tura.
At the meeting, the BJP decided to seek an explanation on the statement by him, and the party also decided to seek an explanation from Bah Dondar Rumnang, member of the Primary Unit for misuse. Modi Fans Club Shillong, as he is also a member of the Modi Fans Club Shillong, has been accused of criticizing the party.
After being sent to the Standing Committee of the Home Ministry for consideration, these Bills have now been taken seriously by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and have been based on the principles of justice, equality. and impartiality.
The NGT has banned the mining of coal in the state for two reasons and that is the environment and the environment,” he said.
There has been a heavy traffic jam in Nongstoiñ, as vehicles have been standing in line at the petrol pumps since 2 pm.
?" The mother asked, "Tip, I'm at home with Mei.
“We will also discuss the issue of the incident of clashes in Lapangap.
The Special Operation Team (SOT) and the Crime Scene Unit have sent Bullet Proof vehicles to Ichamati, Shella to assist the Police from Shella Police Station in the investigation. to control the situation within the region.
After that, attempts were made from time to time to rebuild or revive it, but it did not succeed and remained so.
He said that the HYC will continue to support NEHUSU and all the students and if the Government does not do anything within the stipulated time, the HYC will support the decision and the students. Shillong, July 03: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday announced that it has withdrawn from the peace talks table with the Government of India and the State Government. as a gesture of protest against the Government’s failure to meet the most basic demand which included amnesty.
“For that reason, we don't want to be involved with the leaders or the political parties, we will go only with the village authority,” he said.
When asked who is the strongest candidate to contest this election, Bah Rapsang said, “All the candidates are strong for me but I will win them all and I am sure that the NPP will win. It is to be recalled that Bah Rapsang won the 2018 election on the Congress ticket, but after the departure of Mukul Sangma and 11 others from the Congress. In 2021, Bah Rapsang along with four other remaining members, joined the MDA government, which surprised the top Congress leaders.
The KHADC has allocated up to T.50 lakh for the cleaning of Wahumkhrah, and the work has started almost a year ago, according to the estimates given by the EM in the IngDorbar. Apart from the work orders to the Rangbah Shnongs and Mawnongrim, the amount so far is only T.9.50 lakh.
Imphal, Nailur 12: The protest against the implementation of the Inner Line Permit System (ILPS) Act in Manipur has prompted the state government to decide to close down all schools and schools in Manipur. college, which started yesterday.
It is necessary to speak against this here, because it is no longer possible to talk secretly, and in the future, perhaps it will become more and more difficult.
Sutnga SSCC is in top position with 16 points, followed by Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC with 11 points, Khliehriat West and Dhana with 8 points. points, Rymbai Iawpynsing 6 points, Thangskai Tiger 5 points, Rymbai Wahshnong 4 points and Moolamanoh 2 points.
To understand the value of agricultural products is that if there is a lot of agricultural products, the price is better and all the people in the society have the right to get it, but if there is a shortage, the price of mur will increase. and the poor shall find it difficult to get according to their needs.
Shillong: Lawmali SC has won the Assam Rifles Invitational Football Cup 2020 organized by the Assam Rifles HQ, Shillong.
Stevenson, a student of the Law Phiah Presbyterian School, will leave for New Delhi on Republic Day to receive the award.
He added that this protest is only to send a clear statement to the State Government regarding the Government's non-release of scholarships to the students.
In the batting, Meghalaya managed to score 75/10 in 26.4 overs.
The students sent by the government must sign a soskular (Bond) which states that once they have completed their studies they must return to the state to serve in hospitals, CHCs or PHCs according to the rules. They have been sent by the government for many years and if they do not return to serve the government they have to pay all the expenses and they have to pay immediately a fine of T. or T.60 lakh to the government.
Therefore he had to thank his Father that he had fulfilled that mission which the Father had sent him, that God would grant forgiveness and salvation through Him from all the sins of the world.
Another sign is, concerning the Jews or Israel, the Word of God says – “They shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led captive into all nations; to the Gentiles, until the age of the Gentiles was fulfilled.
While meeting with the Prime Minister, these Nongpoh Chief Ministers said that the Umden area, which covers many villages, deserves to be recognized as a C&RD Block.
One day they saw a man carrying a gun to hunt animals in the forest.
Even after these two incidents, Heprit Everbloom Nongrum, did not tell his family and it was until he became ill, from the entry of wastewater into his body, until he reached the hospital. Tell this brave deed of yours to your mother, to your sister.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government will soon call a tender for the construction of these bridges as the funds are already available.
It was observed that there were many queues in various shops to buy kyiad and it was reported that up to 85 percent of them bought kyiad phareng, while those who drank kyiad white were very few. that they have no more servants.
In his speech, Bah LGM Kharmih, MCS, Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) Ranikor Civil Sub Division said that if there are many water pipes in the villages, without the flow of water, it is not possible. you are benefited.
The KSU as an organization which has been fighting against the introduction of this type of alcohol since 1994 and until now encourages the police to continue to work harder to arrest the snar. The price of this type of beverage will disappear and will no longer be allowed to enter Meghalaya.
However, media reports said that the UDP candidate from Mylliem in 2013 has prepared himself well to contest in 2018 and said that although there will be a division of constituencies between the UDP and HSPDP and although there will be a decision. The UDP from Mylliem should retire and allow the HSPDP which has an MDC, Hamlet will not sit still and will contest the election.
“The road in Meghalaya ends only at Ranigodown gate.
The reason is due to the spread of garbage including bottles of liquor, plastic and others.
“What action has been taken on this?”, asked the questionnaire sent by the Governor to the state government.
Lapang has been appointed as the Chief Adviser of the NPP-led MDA government with Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister.
Referring to the 10th Schedule of the Constitution, Nitish said there is no provision for secret ballot, as demanded by Manjhi. himself" he said in response to his mistake by raising his eyebrows at Manjhi, "Now I have to correct the mistakes of my wrong decision" he said.
Hearing the PIL, the bench comprising Acting Chief Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh said it had received information related to the case. to reduce traffic.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Saha said the allocation for one MLA is Rs 50 lakh and for 60 MLAs is Rs 30 crore.
The incident happened at 7.30 am, when the man was getting out of the car at Tangmang village, when he fell and one of his legs entered the car and was hit. iuh in the rear wheel of the vehicle.
There was also a complaint against the Minister of State, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare for allegedly distributing money to the people of Nongkrem Constituency.
Rumi Lyngdoh scored in the 41st minute and Vicky Dkhar in the 64th minute.
Former BJP President HS Syiemlieh said that Modi has turned to all the states to bring victory to the party and here in Shillong seat too they have a strong hope of winning.
The Seng will not allow and will not stand idly by for them to infiltrate the economy of Bri Hynniewtrep.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hek also distributed the Motivational Awards and prizes to the winners of the Quiz Competition and others.
Regarding the Vocational Course in Agriculture, this is the first course to be launched in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: Retired Judge and Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) Justice T. Veiphei in the presence of committee members BGiri and PJP Hanaman visited the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) The opening ceremony of the District Prison and Correctional Home in Jowai on the 4th of July 2023, in the presence of Bah FM Dopth, IAS Secretary, Commission.
The people of this area are eager for peace to reign in this area so that the villages and activities can run smoothly.
The participants came from Assam, Bihar, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir, Karnataka, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Manipur, Odisha and West Bengal.
“The Union Ministers come here from time to time, they hold meetings but the results are poor.
The Governor, along with the Chief Minister of Assam, also launched two books titled “Towards Natural Farming” and “Rare and Threatened Plant Species of Assam”.
He said that the arrival of these dewbilat factories in the village and surrounding villages is through the promise of employment and to improve the economic development of the villages, but what they The evidence is that they have instead caused environmental damage, loss of water sources and air pollution.
There are 12 cases in East Garo Hills.
Thus, marriage, it can be said, is another war-torn war against the nation.
Because Nagaland does not have a border with the country or by sea, Bangladeshis enter Nagaland through Assam and when arrested, they show their EPIC, Ration card, Driving License and other documents. to prove that they are Assamese.
Almost all the candidates who want to show their strength, lead hundreds and thousands of people to accompany them and also, during the scrutiny, the candidates go to check their documents.
P.N.Shillong:The elders who used to live by writing team numbers in the city, have come forward to send chess. The Hynniewtrep Indigenous Archery Association (KIA) and the Khasi Hills Archery Sport Institute (KHIA) have protested against the government.
However, the judgment will not be another judgment because it will be a work of vanity.
The Kur is grateful to you for your efforts to improve the District in many ways.
Ranchi, March 3: Former Bihar Chief Minister and RJD chief Lalu Prasad has been sentenced to five years in jail and fined Rs 25 lakh. CBI Judge PK Singh today convicted him of corruption worth T.950, in connection with the distribution of food to animals.
The number of cases of health workers has increased to 24 today.
He also urged the MSOA to resolve what happened so that such incidents will not happen again.
“We met with the Chairman of MSPB on 22nd October, but he said that the department has not issued the NOC yet but there is only a proposal,” said Bah A.Jyrwa President of RBPUO. reporters today.
When he was hungry, he went into the kitchen, ate himself and said to those in the kitchen, “Kit hi, if you want to eat”.
Spearlinlang Pariong was sentenced to two years imprisonment under section 324 IPC R/W Sec 75 JJ Act.
Returning to the programmes, the reading of the Tymmen sermon was heard and followed by songs, dances, short skits and especially a story which made the tournament very interesting.
“Because not only we will contest the election, but the employees at the block level will also contest,” he said.
On this day I send a special prayer to all those who are HIV positive and AIDS, especially children and women, God loves you and will comfort and heal you.
In a statement, Bah Blah said that the Governor had told him that the Rangbah Shnong Khasi Pnar had been drunk only at 3 pm. He said that the Union strongly condemns these statements of the Governor and questions how the Head of State can say such words. the nation.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 27 : The Umlipoi Bridge, one of the bridges connecting Nongkasen to Mawkaton, has suddenly collapsed while a truck was passing through the bridge.
Prince Harry, who has been living in the US after leaving the UK, has been invited to witness his father's coronation. to this.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, together with leaders of the MDA government, today met with Rajnath Singh, Minister of State for Home Affairs. They expressed their strong opposition to the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
Police also seized a Scooty Aprilla (ML05 Q 9828) and four mobile phones.
Speaking to reporters, the residents of the area said that it will take time to remove the soil and stones that have fallen as the collapse has been severe.
Dadashev is 28 years old.
The club made its debut in 2009, becoming the first team from the North East to qualify for the National Football League.
Until now, those who cook for the school children, burn wood which affects not only the health but especially the environment. we as it has already built toilets in schools.
“In such festivals, Behdeinkhlam is one of the festivals that showcases the culture and uniqueness of the country,” said Conrad. the land tenure system of the state owners.
In fact, the expectation of many is that the NPP will strengthen this demand especially as it leads the state government.
Shillong, November 21: Three candidates of the HSPDP for the mid-term MDC elections have registered their nomination papers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Shillong today.
The union also congratulates the EE PWD and the Waheh Shnongs of Sutnga and Jalaphet for their willingness to take action, especially on such issues, which can lead to grief.
On the other hand, Bah Michael said that it is time to strengthen the shoulder of the man in many areas.
Hire me to solve your technical issues but your business will fail.
Therefore, the union requests all the teachers of Upper Primary Schools (Improved and Adhoc) in South West Khasi Hills District to attend.
Prof. Shukla in his speech to the students promised that he will take action against this incident saying that it is a disgrace to the university and he will not allow such crimes to happen. come within the four walls of this university.
Jude arrived home at 5 pm on Tuesday after walking for five hours in the hills and rivers.
“The Transporters Association will not allow the government to implement this decision,” he said.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the Mawkyrwat Fishery Association (MFA), Bah SW Nongrum, said that there have been some evil people and robbers who have come to give medicine to the fish. There are 100,000 people living along the Phot Mawpon River where the fish have died.
For unemployed youth and women, the BJP has set a target of providing Rs 1000 per month, while for single women Rs 24,000 per annum.
Lamlynti SC beat Risa Colony SC 0-3
He said the MDA government will complete two and a half years in the next few months and the issue of MLA seats will be discussed in these days.
Police said the suspect was planning to kidnap an Assam trader, Sohar Ali, 50, from Goalpara, Assam by forcing him to buy timber. .
Let us turn again to the living Word of God.
Meanwhile, the party demanded the release of two members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), who were arrested during the protest against the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the past months.
“Some have installed smart meters and we will continue to install more smart meters.
In the late 20th century, some Mafia families in New York City engaged in this lucrative nightclub.
The children who were in the square did not know that it was a lightning strike and thought that the 4 people were injured but after seeing that the 4 people were not moving anymore, they turned around to help and play. I'm going to cut myself off there.
The Deputy Commissioner said that he has not received any information on how to deal with the seized coal. and the DC's office is awaiting the decision of the higher authorities.
The Dorbar Chnong Wapungskur has also banned all its residents from leaving the village to travel anywhere except for unavoidable reasons.
Therefore, the union hopes that Bah Thabah together with the PWD office will take immediate action on this issue, said Samla Banlam Lyngkhoi.
The Meghalaya Budget Session will be held for 40 days from 10th to 26th October.
The curfew will be from 5th July 2014, from 5pm to 7th July 2014, from 5pm.
Lad Myrdon FC, the winner, received a cash prize of T.15,000, while Umsawnongkharai FC, the loser, received a cash prize of T.8,0
The residents of Ratacherra, Malidor have requested the NHAI to take action to look after the areas of Ratacherra, Kuliang and Malidor which are the most affected areas.
Dulong SC beat Chutwakhu SC 1-0 goals in the second half. Dulong SC scored the first goal in the second half by Emi Wa. oo Laloo for 88 minutes.
In order to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the Joint Committee on Village Covid-19 Management, Mynso A & Mynso-B, has laid down several rules, which are as follows:-1) To temporarily close the iew Pyngkat, until further notice. 2) When there is a death, the family members are requested not to stay overnight, but to bury / burn the body immediately the next day. 3) La Outsiders shall not be allowed to attend the funeral of a deceased person, except those who have a close relationship with the deceased. go to bury people in other villages, except if there are dead people who are close.
Police sources said that these flags were thrown on trees and electrical wires.
Despite the heavy rain, more than 42 participants attended the tournament to take part in various shooting events such as 10M (indoor) Air pistol/Air. Rituraj Bhagawati (ISSF) who is a judge from Delhi.
The court will hear the case again on 24th January.
Shillong, Lber 17: Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi will campaign for Congress candidates in four states of the North East tomorrow.
After searching the bus in the presence of private witnesses, police seized 20 boxes of power rong stem from the bus. Heroin weighing 274.23 grams was recovered from the suspect.
Pep Guardiola's side, who have won the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup, became the second English team to achieve this goal.
The incident took place at a government hospital in Chamarajanagar, Karnataka.
The Bill is also available on www.meghalaya.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Umran Unit, today issued a strong warning to the people who throw garbage in the Umiam River. There is also a strong warning to the people who kill the Doh um that live inside the river.
At this public hearing, the residents of Narpuh area expressed the need to have a Block Office and Block Headquarters in Lumshnong for the benefit of the residents of the area.
He said that the people hope and expect that the relevant department will take action as soon as possible on this issue.
More than 500 players showed up to participate in this year’s tournament.
Shillong: Shillong Police on Tuesday recovered the body of a woman from Mawiong Rim Forest.
Clashes and bloodshed between the Kuki and Meitei communities in the first month of June have claimed the lives of more than 100 people in Manipur.
The exploitation of teachers especially foreigners in these times in our country has affected severely especially the households of the rich and the poor and especially the children.
“I have been with the group since the beginning, but I see that my position is only to force the ARPA, but the work has not reached anywhere,” said Grace, who He said that the ARPA does not have the confidence it had when it was with the EC led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM. any misunderstanding between members.
The requests are very sincere and on behalf of the Department, we will strive to bring about the necessary changes in due course".
On the other hand, Bah Lambor urged the youth to use their talents in the traditional music and to preserve them so that the Hynniewtrep people can survive.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony, the Chief Minister said that the construction of the hotel started in 1986 and was completed after three decades.
He said that the dignitaries who will witness the Behdienkhlam include the Governor, Ministers, MLAs of Jaintia Hills, MDCs and others.
He said that Bangladesh is not a poor country for people to flee to India.
The Central Government intends to amend the Act to allow children to work in films, advertisements, films, television serials or any other form of entertainment.
Khliehriat, July 30: The Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (SSDC) invites all the people from near and far to come and witness the 3rd Lukha Festival, which will be held on the 3rd of this month. 4th June 2023 at the Lukha River in Sonapyrdi East Jaintia Hills District and the Society welcomes all.
At this meeting, the union urged the DC to set up a temporary police outpost at Malidor Bridge to check the border crossing and quarrying by the Assamese from the river.
Those people who fall asleep whether due to restlessness, anxiety, or other insomnia including differences in dress code or other disturbances such as the noise of dogs, music and others are witnesses. anger due to sleep disturbances and mental disturbances.
“We didn't get the opportunity to talk about the issues, because we were given only 40 minutes. What shall we talk about?” he said.
Shillong, July 6 : The High Court of Meghalaya today dismissed the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) petition against the collapse of the Dome in the new Assembly Hall at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong.
He said the government has allocated 50 acres in New Shillong Township as the new site for the construction of the project.
“The purpose of providing these air ambulances, even to remote and rural areas like Shillong in the North East, is to meet the shortage in the health sector and the residents will I will no longer have to go to distant places.
The meeting also decided that the officers should inform the government to ensure that the people should not be disturbed by the loss of water and other necessities.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The FKJGP has urged the state government that if it really wants to see the benefits of the installation of smart meters, it should start first in the factories and then in the quarters of the state government. and also at its other facilities.
It is learned that these two men had been in contact with the Assamese for about 10 months, but they had no signs of infection.
The boundary of this area is to the east of Caroline Colony, to the west of Mynkrem, to the north of Lair Kam Kam and to the north of Tympang Ïawmusiang.
In another incident, at 8 pm, a government vehicle belonging to Bah Marcus Pohrmen, SDO Building, PWD Nongstoin, was hit by robbers. The number ML 01 4181 is missing.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in reply to a question by George B Lyngdoh (Congress) regarding the arrear of teachers. SSA, Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools, he said in the House that the remaining amount is T.51.15 crore.
Otherwise and if you are not comfortable, please move aside allowing others who can do it !We have reached the case where the question arises.
The meeting was attended by Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Kalikho Pul, Pawan Kumar Chamling from Sikkim and Nagaland, TR Zeliang, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy, NPP President Dr. BJP General Secretary Ram Madhav, AGP President Atul Bora, BPF Chief Hagrama Mohilary, Ganashakti Leader Ranoj Pegu, Mizo National Front, Sikkim Democratic Front, Naga People's Front and others including DoNER Minister Dr Jitendra Singh.
Therefore, the union strongly warns and does not allow foreigners to work without proper documents to prove that they are not from here because in these days when the CM is implementing the CAA, many Bangladeshis come. to flow into the state through the state of Assam.
Conrad said the government will continue to fight against illegal activities and the problems will not delay the police.
The ILP protest is in accordance with the Constitution and is not an illegal protest, he said.
Fourthly, “We see that you mention only clauses to protect yourself but not clauses to improve the Association as a whole and all its members, which as the Association we cannot accept”.
However, this Amendment aims to bring us into line with those systems of government in Ri Thor and to force our system of government.
The owner of the fish pond, Dhaneshwar Rai, told reporters that about 80 to 90 kilos of fish in the pond have died, including the small ones. bad big.
He said that even the Bangladesh government is suffering from the coal blockade and quarrying in the state as it loses up to Rs 500 crore per day in revenue. merchants have to pay.
“Such schemes which we have promised show that we have thought five years ahead for the people when we rule the state and not like those who think three months ahead only how to win elections. " he added.
Four people were reported dead in Hualien.
He said that if the government cannot give a written reply to their demand, JACATAM has decided to hold another meeting on the 29th of this month. to violent protests.
“Ka seng strongly warns the residents not to throw garbage or pollute this river as this affects the cleanliness and health of the residents.
The village said that it had received electricity only a few months before the village as a whole received electricity connection, but after the breakdown of the transformer, it has had to stay in darkness again. about 7 years.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah S.Kharjahrin, Myntri Shnong Sakwang, said that he received a tip on the incident at 12:52 pm and immediately informed the Fire Service, Shillong. They also immediately informed the Fire Service, Mawkyrwat so that they could come and extinguish the fire in time.
The ceremony was attended by N. Rymbai, Working President, OL Tariang, Vice-President, F. Rymbai, General Secretary, S. Pajuh, Joint Secretary, Becareful Chyrmang, Organizing Secretary, John Pala, Education. Secretary, President of KNGCSU and other dignitaries.
In 2024, there will be elections to elect the members of these Houses under the Sixth Schedule.
States were advised to ensure information dissemination to service agencies as well as the public, through the use of all information channels in indigenous languages.
He said why link the incident with the police raid yesterday in Rimpu Bagan.
Shillong: There have been 21 new cases of Coronavirus in the state today.
If Sunday is so holy, how do you understand what Jesus said is for those who worship God to worship Him in spirit and in truth?
However, as he has been suspended, he cannot join the NPP as it is the ruling party in the state government.
:News regarding the prevention of crime on the India-Bangladesh border, where the Border Security Force troops have tried to curb crime, including smuggling and other illegal activities In relation to the border areas in West Jaintia Hills District which do not have signboards, there is a lot of smuggling, including the smuggling of cattle or goods and other goods such as kwai. , fish, beer, cigarettes, slasha and others.
Along with the shortage of trained personnel in higher education, many of the youth in the state are unemployed.
They said that since last year, they have met with Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA of the area and requested him to help in the repair of the road. but until now he has done nothing.
These cleaners, if they want to wash their clothes in their own homes, cannot afford it because they cannot afford to buy water, because the water suppliers cannot deliver water to their homes because of the money. The water suppliers cannot reach this village and households, and through this water tank, it will be easier for them to buy water without having to go to the bill or wash their clothes.
The tweet received comments and praise from thousands of Twitter users.
The General Secretary of DS Chilliangraij, Oriland Shylla in his speech said that this blood donation is part of the efforts to save the lives of people in need.
The Chairman of the CCIB said that their group is a committee comprising of border land owners and civil society groups, who have agreed that they will not allow the signboard to be erected. It will be at a distance of 150 feet from the border, because it will lose many of the land used for cultivation.
Nongpoh: Many prominent leaders of various political parties in Mawhati Constituency, including the leaders of the National People's Party (NPP), Congress, KHNAM and PDF from Mawhati Constituency, have attended the ceremony. The leaders of these various parties, who have joined the UDP, have announced that they have left the party and have joined the UDP. They were welcomed by UDP Working President Alantry Dkhar, Donbok Khymdeit, UDP President Ri Bhoi, Donkupar Sumer, Michael Kharhunai and others. Many other UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi.
May God bless you greatly.
Bah Monarch ShabongIt is to be commended to the taxi drivers to Sohra, that they have opened the eyes of many taxi drivers, who have been shocked by the eight mats of ignorance and kale, in connection with the attack by the Khar. Assam to the world's largest parts of our Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Out of the 124 cases, 98 cases are from outside the state and 24 cases are from within the state.
Speaking at a thanksgiving meeting held by the VPP at Madan Polo, Bah Ardent said that the emergence of the VPP as a political party has made other parties afraid because they see that the people of the state are turning away. face to this party.
“We have applied many times to the PHE Department and have sent many letters to the Engineers and Chief Engineers.
When asked how he felt when he was in prison, he said, “I'm sitting alone (he points with his hand and sitting on the ground), I'm praying alone, I've never seen such a place. , I've been thinking about how I've come to this world, I've been thinking about sadness alone for my children in my family, I've been thinking about it and I've been thinking about it until now. you put your hand on your head)".
Jaipur: Meghalaya Governor Satya Pal Malik today slammed the Indian government on the issue of farmers and the construction of Central Vista, the highest street in the city. Delhi.
The meeting was attended by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ministers, leaders of the Hills Farmer's Union and market traders.
The marriage ceremony has been considered sacred according to the belief of the Khasi since ancient times according to the stories of the Jaidbynriew. They should be carefully stirred so that the Tarajur will not be able to cross and to avoid the Sang ka Ma.
There are about 500 members of these NGOs who will receive this donation.
He said the central government has set up the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation to build roads in the area.
On learning of the disappearance of the Samla, the family members of Jorhat tried to search for him, but could not find him.
Speaking to reporters, one of the foreign tourists who came all over the country said that they have been ordered to stay inside and not to leave the hotel or go to the hotel. the seashore.
She also informed the public that the District authorities will ensure that all the residents in the District should follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government and those who violate them. the rules shall be subject to a fine.
“Why do you want that, it is my job and I don't want to tell you,” he said when asked whether he has any intention to replace the minister as reported here and there.
It is learned that there was a clash in Nongjrong, Hamren police station, on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, and these Khasi youths stabbed Timung with a knife. The incident happened at 6 pm yesterday.
The living shall be caught up together with them in the clouds (1 Thess. 4:17).
When the fig tree is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, yea, the winter is come.
In addition, there are wealthy people who own resorts (or tourist accommodation) like in Ri Bhoi and other tourist attractions.
Why do you need to interfere in people's private affairs and collect money from shops from time to time? Is that what patriotism is? That's why you don't have to work without doing anything.
Those who have already purchased housie tickets are requested to keep their tickets and the bumper housie prize is T.2 lakh and 30 thousand.
Police have arrested the suspect who confessed to committing the crime without fear or shame.
On this occasion, Bah Ardent launched the website of the school while Kong Ampareen launched the 10th Anniversary Commemorative Book of the school.
Some of those who spent the night on the road last night returned to their villages on the morning of 15 June on foot.
The teachers of this school expressed the many problems faced by the residents of this village.
“We will ensure that everyone supports Draupadi and those who may have made a mistake in not inviting them to the meeting will also be discussed and explained,” he said.
The NEP has also sent for the selection of 14 pre-selected languages ​​for better understanding in the field of education.
The KSU said that it has received permits from the Ministry of Roads and Highways that the 2 lane road from Nongstoiñ to Mawthabah is for the mining of uranium. the language of Pre Mining Activities.
A few days ago, Myanmar had also planned to build a large camp near Holenphai, a village on the border with Moreh.
The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers Union (AJMRWLU) has expressed its gratitude to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma for taking the initiative of the government to release the salaries of the Muster Roll workers. paid to the muster roll workers.
The deterioration of the NH-6 is not only in the By-Pass section but also along the Jowai-Shillong road especially from Ummulong to Mawryngkneng.
A source from the Election Department said that the Election Department is still struggling to register people on the electoral roll and its goal is to register The deadline for registration of names of up to 45,000 voters has been announced on the 5th of July.
MEMRIWU has demanded that the government should abolish GVK EMRI and all the employees should not lose their jobs and the government should ensure that the GVK EMRI should pay the increments and arrears that the employees are entitled to receive from in addition to pay overtime since April
The purpose of signing this MOU is also to empower the SELCO Foundation to build 300 Health Sub Centers so that they will not be affected by the natural disasters. Use solar power to provide electricity to avoid being affected by natural disasters.
The winner of the Annual Sports Meet 2023 was the Blue House named after Amartya Sen.
At a meeting held at Motphran on Saturday, he said that the purpose of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is to ensure that the Citizenship Amendment Act can be fully exempted from its implementation. in the state of Meghalaya.
Samir Sharma died of a heart attack at his home in Mumbai.
This was announced by Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla at a meeting between the Waheh Shnongs of Urban Jowai who met with him to oppose the transfer of the North Jowai Division from Jowai to Shangpung in Jowai Circuit.
The Ministry of Sports has released the names of the participants.
If it weren't for the coming of the Gospel, when we meet our friends in Lyngngam/War Jaintia, we would have to speak in English.
District Secretary MBS&G West Jaintia Hills and Scouts Master, Guides Captain.
“The people know who Bah Paul is, because I was the leader of the Students' Union, I wrote books, I composed songs, I composed poems and I am also a great intellectual, I am not a distributor of weapons”. “If I hadn't been a distributor, I wouldn't have won the 2018 MLA election,” he said.
Administrative Secretary and NESO signed by Bah Samuel Jyrwa as Chairman and Mutsikhoyo Yhobo as Secretary.
The counsel for the MoEF and the Coal Ministry has said that the case will be expedited,” said the NGT bench. and they were asked to carry out sudden inspections in areas where there was coal mining.
Two of them are young people under 18 years old.
Kurbah, also known as Bah Best, is also the Chairman of the Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep.
It is not what they say, "Judas the Beloved.
“Out of these 180 students who have no admission, we encourage the students to turn to colleges outside Jowai like Amlarem, Shangpung to take admission in these colleges and not only in Jowai.
However, as the days go by and in these subsequent governments, the post of Chairman, Co Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Vice Chairman has become only a rehabilitation center for those who have lost the elections. You are a political party in government.
In a statement, the party alleged that the police entered the party office with intent despite knowing that the party leader was in Shillong to attend the Inner Line Permit (ILP) meeting. ).
Shillong, July 12: The Meghalaya government has requested the Karnataka government to lay the foundation stone for Meghalaya in Bangalore, said the Minister in charge of General Administration Department (GAD) HDR Lyngdoh.
"To.
The NITI Aayog has released its report titled “National Multidimensional Poverty Index: A Progress Review 2023”. poor.
What is more interesting about this young man is that even after he has retired from the Seng, he is still with us until this moment when God will take him away.
“We have already told the people that if anyone comes to work in the name of the party, they should inform us,” he added.
Other speakers were Niwanka Shylla Project Coordinator SURE, Ilasiewdor Gashanga who explained about the skill training conducted by SURE which is the training provider of MSSDS.
Even after the repeated shelling and rocket attacks on the West Bank by the Israeli army, it has not acknowledged any damage to the West Bank.
I don't have any insurance even for a penny,” said Amit.
He congratulated everyone on Vishwakarma Jayanti and said that this is for the traditional craftsmen and expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister who has launched this scheme for the craftsmen of the country.
The election falls on the Golden Jubilee year of the 50th anniversary of Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, the Lyngdoh of Raid Nongpoh, Bah Linus Lyngdoh, expressed his gratitude that for the first time the Raid has been able to do something for the donation to this school. It is one of the schools that has served to improve education in the Nongpoh area.
It has happened many times – mostly in Happy Valley, Lawsohtun, Upper Shillong and other places and villages.
If only one or two people are placed in one village, we believe that MeECL will not have to wait for years to receive the money it deserves.
Bah Kyrmen Shylla in his speech expressed his satisfaction with the renovation of the school and congratulated all those involved in the construction of the school, including the government, members of the school. Managing Committee, Village Leaders and Contractors.
He said that today he left for East Jaintia Hills together with the Minister of Transport, Bah Sngiewbhalang Dhar to hold a meeting to look at the border at Ratachera, as part of the preparations for the The meeting of the two Chief Ministers to discuss the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
“The government is trying to find ways and means especially in terms of Public-Private Partnership (PPP) or even to seek the support of the DEA-NITI Aayog of the Government of India,” he said. James said.
Bah Damien and the 136 were welcomed at a meeting of the UDP held at the Nongkasen Village Council in the presence of Mawthadraishan MLA, Bah HB Nongsiej, who is also the Minister of State for Home Affairs. State Government.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Kurash Association (MKA) has selected 21 athletes for the Sub-Junior National Kurash Championship to be held in Haryana from 20th to 23rd November
The purpose "To authorize the Central Govt.
Jowai, June 16: The Jowai Welfare Contract Association (JWCA), under the leadership of Philanderwell Lyngdoh President and Aziz War General Secretary, together with members of the Jowai Welfare Contract Association (JWCA), on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the JWCA. She also honored the MLA of Jowai Constituency, Wailadmiki Shylla, on the 14th of June at Treiongriang, Myntdu.
The longkmie and youth of the village said that the lack of access to the scheme has caused them problems especially at this time when they don't have a bill.
A case of unnatural death has been registered at Itanagar police station.
If anyone violates, he shall be punished according to the laws of the city.
He said that PHH, AAY, Tide Over, MDM and others have been delivered to this warehouse.
Shillong: U Lambor Malngiang, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB), on Tuesday said that he will not campaign for anyone in the MLA elections. The mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency will be held on the 21st of this month.
“It would be good if we inform Delhi, there is no need to inform the Indian government to take action on this issue,” said Dr Ampareen.
Journalists led by CH Passah President and Russel Nongrum Secretary of the union today handed over a petition to the DC of West Jaintia Hills and Additional SP West Jaintia Hills to demand that the government should take action against them. they shall take away the wicked man immediately.
This unity in the proper implementation of the schemes will be a good example for others to follow.
The Chairperson directed the Chief Secretary to direct the authorities in charge of various departments to send an account of their employees on their wealth and income.
The source said Kumar met Kharge and Gandhi at the residence of the Congress leader in Rajaji Marg.
The State Government has issued a directive to government employees not to take part in any political meeting or political party as this is against the Service Rule.
It is worth mentioning that the church is located in the Iaplashait area where most of the residents are Niamtre.
Regarding the march, besides the Longkmie and Youth Wing from the villages of Nongpoh area, leaders of political parties including KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, HYC and others also participated in the march. They shouted and condemned the CAA and the implementation of the ILP. Those who were present this evening, started the march from Nongpoh Center Gate to DC Junction and then turned back to They held another public meeting to explain to the public about the threat to the Khasi people from the CAA and at the same time to demand from the state government to implement it. The ILP should be abolished, so that it will protect the influx of foreigners.
From childhood to adulthood, teach us not to despise anyone, whether poor or rich, to love our fellow creatures, so that the LORD will give us understanding and wisdom.
The ILP is a regulation to screen those who enter our state.
The Additional District Magistrate of Amlarem Civil Sub Division, Kong JU Kharpuri, has enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban the gathering of more than five persons in Jarain village to curb the protest.
“The people will have to understand and ask questions individually whether we should elect the Nongsaiñ Dur for the future generation or the people who are eager and willing to win again in the upcoming elections,” he added.
The decision, taken by the Minister of Home Affairs, K. Saodanga, has requested the government not to erect signs on the borders and remove the FMR. The leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, to take other measures to unite the Zo people, who were scattered under the divide and rule policy during the British rule, but to bring back into one rule.
A total of 39 teams, 33 men's and 6 women's teams, participated in the tournament.
The FKJGP has hoisted the flag on all vehicles in the market areas of South West Khasi Hills District including Mawkyrwat Market, Borsora Market, Photkroh Market and Nongjri Market and others.
Speaking to Mawphor, Linda said that the Waheh Shnong has committed crimes against her family on the right to ration and the threat of eviction by the Waheh Shnong. They said this while they were about to sign their Job Card in front of the Waheh Shnong.
Finally, James Sangma promised to talk to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to provide assistance to the school according to the memorandum submitted to him.
The people don't know the West Bengal party...In the Assembly it is but the people also want someone who works for them.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has confirmed this incident.
In the match between the two teams, no one could score until the end of the first half which led to the tie breaker.
James PK Sangma is abroad, Sniawbhalang Dhar is in hospital, while Marthon has not been able to attend due to Covid-1 and Mr. Pale does not know the exact reason.
The school and toilet were constructed under the MLA scheme and also with the contribution of many elders and various groups to complete it in a beautiful manner.
Of these 206 cases, 8 cases in Bishnupur, 6 cases in Golflink, 5 cases in Happy Valley, 6 cases in Jhalupara, 8 cases in Mawbah, 26 cases in Mawlai, 25 cases in Mimhans, 8 cases in Nongmynsong, 1 case in Nongthyla, 7 cases in Pynthy. in Rynjah.
He is also the Deputy Commissioner of Chandel Border District in Manipur.
Riyot is from the same village in Khanduli and lives near the house of Brial Dkhar, who lost three children for the same reason.
The government forest is also a place of study and research for those students from NEHU and other places, who have come to do their research.
They cooked the rice and water for about 24 hours in a fire that was covered with a scoop of rice.
“According to the Minister, if the ASHAs do not fulfill their duties, the lives of the people are at risk especially in death.
She said that the power outage which has been going on for six months has caused the people to live in darkness without electricity, which has caused a lot of trouble to the people and especially to the children. schools, which require literacy.
The incident occurred at a meeting convened by the district authorities and civil society to discuss the opposition of the civil society to the Meghalayan Age Festival amidst the spread of COVID-19 in the world held in DC. Jowai office on Saturday.
Compared to other incidents in other parts of the country or states, it cannot be said that Meghalaya, which has only 10 per cent of its population, has grown well in these crimes.
He said the reason why the UDP candidate lost the 2019 elections to the Congress is because he did not have enough time.
Until now, the city of God, Jerusalem, has been spoken of and will be spoken of by the people of the world, both those who love it and those who hate it, because the glory of God is in it.
If there is still knowledge and understanding among the people, such crimes will never find a place anywhere.
The Ministry of Tourism expects an increase in the number of tourists, on the one hand, to cover the loss of last year.
The village has once again shocked the whole state.
Shillong: The Riwar Mihngi People Forum (RMPF), a group of political parties, leaders and village headmen, fully supports the COMSO meeting to be held today at Motphran. The meeting will be held at 11 pm, where COMSO will demand the implementation of the ILP. Asaduddin Owaisi, MP from Hyderabad, questioned the BJP government, saying, “You are talking about the Nagas, who demand more power, who want their own oil. but you don't want to talk about Kashmir.
“I will take this as a priority and within this term we will achieve the upgradation of the Health Sub-Centre to the Primary Health Centre,” said James K Sangma.
In a letter to Bah Lapang, Faleiro said, “You are requested to ensure that the intention not to support the party candidate should be stopped immediately and should work hard to win the party candidate. par ty to you all the time"
The match will decide who will qualify for the quarter-finals of Group G as Meghalaya and Gujarat have tied on points.
Shillong: The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has been able to enter the 1st Division of the Football Tournament organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) at the Polo Ground after three years. They will be promoted to the 2nd Division in 2016 and especially in 2019 as the club will celebrate its 75th Platinum Jubilee.
it has affected the family a lot," he said.
The party was founded on the struggle and on the shoulders of great men, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait who has served the party for 58 years, and brave men who have not counted their lives.
Regarding this allegation by these village leaders of Umroi area, yesterday the leaders of the RBSU, came to clarify through the media and in their speech, they condemned these village leaders, They said that the RTI request was made after receiving information from the residents of the area, who complained to the party about the problems in the implementation of the RTI. the CSR scheme of the Airport Authority of India.
However, when they continue to protest, it shows that there is something behind it and it does not mean only the demand for salary increase because they should have been promised by us government leaders.
The PM-WANI of the DoT is an initiative approved by the Cabinet of Ministers headed by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modina for the provision of internet broadband through public Wi-Fi networks.
Everyone will want to play all types of formats and few will be able to but not all.
Marak was arrested while he was trying to hide at the house of the woman, said SP North Garo Hills Jerry Marak.
If you have an LCD (Liquid Crystal Display), you can count the average.
After this, the two organizations went to the factory and found that there are two licenses in the same place and also met with the Officer Incharge of the department, Kong A.Tyngkan. to discuss this issue, but spoke in words that are not appropriate for the society.
Hello Gavin,,,How are you Mawmluh Cement?
Besides, the union said that this is the area where there are the most snakes, and the houses are built of wood and these snakes get plenty of food because there are many restaurants around this area. area.
The rebel group was formed in 2012 and came to the peace talks in November 2015, and the ksiang who took part in bringing them to the peace talks were the General Secretary. Rev. Janang R. Sangma, Pastor Hawakhana Church, Rev. FD Sangma and Rev. Fr. The Chairman of MBOSE who is also the Commissioner & Secretary, Bah EP Kharbhih.
At the same time, he urged the players of the school, that they are still old enough to play chess and to develop their minds in the field of sports, so that they can become the stars of the state. hi all.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Among the government offices, the office of the District Transport Officer (DTO) especially in Shillong is the most busy office and has become a private office and a commercial office. the wealth of the rich.
The contractors also suspected that the sudden price hike by the cement companies may be due to the fact that they are paying money to the candidates who are contesting the election.
Therefore, the government should look into this and punish those involved and those who cannot issue UCs and should also consider how to release or pay this grant received by various departments. Shillong, Nailur 20 : The Young Talent Badminton Club, Mawlai has renewed its office bearers on the 16th of this month after 2019 it has no full office bearers.
“The presence of ethnic parties in the Khasi Jaintia Hills will benefit the party in these hills and the arrival of the TMC will also benefit the party. , Bah Pynshngaiñ said that the people have experienced the difficulties in the rule of other parties in the past five years and many have been disappointed and many want to leave the Congress.
The celebration was held today at Multipurpose Hall DC's District by the office of the District Social Welfare Officer (DSWO) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS). The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS), South West Khasi Hills District and the Life Care Foundation whose theme is, “The problem and harm caused by drugs to health and humanity ".
The Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jowai, which took to the streets to protest against the relocation of the North Jowai Division office, said that it is not against the Mini Secretariat, but do not relocate the North Jowai Division from Jowai to Shangpung.
Because we have not elected those leaders who are responsible for the poor, the rich, the needy and those who are free from corruption.
As a young woman, she encourages other youngsters to come forward and showcase their talents without hiding them. victory in the elections, she urged not to listen to any kind of talk and to walk on the right path.
The Durga Temple in Nartiang is a popular tourist destination in Jaintia Hills and is located near a rich area of ​​stones.
The meeting was attended by all the heads of households and members of the Executive Committee of the village.
As of 2nd July 2021, 2,95,776 people have been tested and 2,82,328 have not been tested positive.
Shillong: UDP-HSPDP MP candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin has called for the unity of the people to raise their voices in Parliament.
He said that his visit to the site was after some urgent and unavoidable work, so when he arrived at the site where the gate was installed, he was brought. but unpleasant conversation and mutual argument.
We got the Meghalaya Autonomous State in 1970, and the full state in 1972. Through their hard work, they have set a good example for the world. That we the people are peace lovers and we don't violate the rights of others and also the environment and we respect, also others who are part of the society, that's why we have We have received the love, trust and support of the entire country during the Hill State which is in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of the country which has created a full state which has employed more than 46 thousand people. The State Government has created jobs by continuing to expand the existing Public Sector Units and Co-operatives. moreover the ways and means to improve agriculture and livestock which have increased income.
These BJP members admit that they have made a serious mistake in their lives by joining the party.
“I have decided not to take salary from the Council, although I am not rich and my non-takement of salary is not due to any rule but it is of my own free will,” said Bah Basaiawmoit. when the question was raised in the Council recently.
The youngest minister in the current MDA-II cabinet, Bah Shakliar Warjri, will hold the Sports and Youth Affairs, Labor Department and Registration and Stamp Department.
It is worth mentioning that the youth are playing chess in this election, perhaps because they want to bring about a real change in the rule of law to turn the dark future of 2018-2023 into a bright future. of this present pali.
It is learned that the movement of buses to the area is without the knowledge of anyone including the SDO (civil) of Sohra.
In the belief that my religion is better than others, this way of thinking makes a difference between one religion and another—this is against the will of God. He created man in His own image.
After this, Mark Austin Wanswett also had a try in the box, but Wanteilang once again managed to save the ball.
He said he had spoken by phone with the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma to explain the incident and demanded that the Assam government should take measures to punish the police. and the Forest Guard were involved in the shooting deaths.
It is worth mentioning that South West District is one of the districts in Meghalaya which produces various sports especially in running.
Earlier, the owner of Rupang newspaper, Bah RM Shabong said that this is the ninth time to distribute aid to the poorest people.
With four consecutive wins, Langsning have now survived to the bottom of the table after losing their first two games.
He said the state governments of the North East have been in talks with the central government on the threat of anti-national activities in the North East.
At this point, everyone in the room at the Secretariat was shocked because the earthquake came to shake twice as hard.
He said that the state government has not taken any action on the problems of the people living on the border and no people's leaders have ever visited these areas where the people are facing problems.
Nongpoh: U Bah Pholding Makdoh has been suspended as the Acting Sordar of Raid Madan Kyrdem on the orders of the KHADC and the Syiem of Hima Khyriem. RM Dorphang, former Sordar of the Raid, the Rangbah Shnongs of the 15 villages under the Raid, said that the main reason for the formation of the KHADC and Hima Khyriem, was that Bah RM Dorphang, has misused his power and has not respected the Rangbah Shnong, or has used force himself.
It is worth mentioning that on the opening day of the tournament, there was also an exhibition of various handicrafts ranging from handicrafts, shrong, siej and others. from all the states of the North Eastern Region of the country.
“The Board of Governors has also been appointed.
In fact, the State has more than 45 shooters, but only 25 shooters have been able to take part because to qualify for this tournament you have to compete,” he added.
Especially in our Khasi country, farmers plant or plant seeds and cultivate them every year with these selected varieties.
The loss of forests also causes other environmental damage such as soil erosion, water and air pollution and loss of habitat. ) of various animals and plants which can lead to extinction.
The order from the DC's office has also banned the movement of vehicles or public gatherings at specified times.
The Working President of the Congress Party said that Dr Mukul Sangma, as he is now, is only because the Congress Party has made him. will explain".
I am from Mawkyrwat and I need a job with Rupang to broadcast news from all over the Khasi Hills.
“I hope that the government's strength will ensure that development projects will be brought about in the state whether it is in health, education and others,” he added.
During the inspection, the vendors said that at present, the area is not suitable for them to sell clothes and they still have to do many necessary things such as electricity supply, cleaning and cleaning. .
Nongpoh, June 05 : The Ri Bhoi Police through the Ri Bhoi Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) have continued to fight against drug trafficking. Police have seized drugs from the drug trafficking police and arrested one person allegedly involved in the drug trafficking.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 570 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 331, Ri Bhoi with 145, West Jaintia Hills with 87 and South West with Khasi Hills 52, Eastern West Khasi Hills 54, North Garo Hills 44, South Garo Hills 30, East Jaintia Hills 33, West Khasi Hills 37, and East Garo Hills 29.
We have decided to meet the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to address this issue for the benefit of the people of Jaintia Hills”.
The Assamese woman said she wants her land and other neighboring areas to fall under Meghalaya. to immediately resolve the boundary issue in the area, so that the people living in the villages in the area can enjoy peace and order and avoid any disturbances.
Referring to the programs of YESS Meghalaya, the CM said, “The government will provide support of up to T.1 lakh for the implementation and establishment of any project.
This was announced by Bah Nongtnger in a statement and sent along with the photographs of the arrested.
Today in the City of David the Savior of the world, the Messiah, the Lord is born.
The President of the market said that there are only 4 outlets in the market and these outlets are not open in the morning, they are open until 8 or 9 o'clock. In the morning, the merchants have arrived, the Daju have arrived early in the morning, where can they go outside? and Korbar.
Andy Alwin Dkhar of Marbisu took five wickets and was named Player of the Match.
Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong said that Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will visit Shillong while L Hek will visit Nongstoin.
In a statement today, in the newspapers, including U Rupang, it was shown that there is a difference of opinion among the leaders of the HSPDP, regarding the MP candidate, in which it was said that Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the party, has said that the party will support Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit as an independent candidate. The HSPDP will win the 2014 MP elections.
The iewmawlong area has become a slum area which has become a threat not only to the tourists, but also to the Harijans living in those areas,” said the statement.
The union has demanded the timely payment of their monthly salary as well as an increase in their daily wages according to the recommendation of the Labor Department which the government has approved among other demands.
In the notice, MUDA said that Kong Rabon had applied for permission to build a four-storey house including a house on March 6,
Bah Marngar said that the tax on synsar has reached T.12,000/- per small truck and urged the Prime Minister to take action on this issue of the farmers living in Block-II. The Secretary of the KHNAM, Bah F Marpna, has sent a statement to the government to consider before implementing the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. introduce railways in the state.
“Furthermore, Justice Phukan said that the Government of Meghalaya has appointed an Inquiry Commission and recorded witnesses from Assam, including Police, Forest Guard Police and many others. .
Even though it was in the evening, the people came to listen to the explanations from Bah Ardent, Bah Brighstarwell Marbaniang, MLA Mawlai and other leaders.
Many churches who are concerned about the increase in rape cases have said that the dress code of young women is one of the suspected obstacles to rape cases.
It is now one of the poorest states in India and comes from the bottom.
Look and take an example from me, I have shiphew husbands but they don't want to share or marry me, but you can't rule even one wife.
Healing whether through prayer or treatment has the limits of religious faith, as Christians we will remain faithful to those who lead with faith and love for humanity.
“My victory is the victory of all of us and we will work hard to develop the constituency more than we have done in the last five years.
Adding to his speech, he said that there are many development projects that have been brought by the government in different places but without the cooperation, solidarity and support from the villages, various organizations and from the volunteers it is impossible to carry out the work further, because the cooperation is essential.
East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh has said that she wants Dr. Mukul Sangma to contest the Lok Sabha MP election from Tura. son of this election.
New Delhi: The Government of India has set up a committee headed by former President Ram Nath Kovind to inquire into the conduct of elections in all the states of the country. 'One Nation One Election'.
Brian Pohrmen, one of the family members of Margaret, said that the family is very sad because they didn't think this would happen to their family. that we may lose their mother.
Fr.Manbha Pakem said that the training will be for all subjects especially Mathematics and Science from Monday to Thursday and the training will start from 4th April from 4.00 pm to 5.30 pm.
United SC won the title after beating Thangskai SC in the men's category.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Body has met with the Director of Infiltration, Bah O.Pasi. .
Modi also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Bhairabi-Sairang railway line in Mizoram in the presence of Assam Chief Minister Tarun Goi, Mizoram Chief Minister Lalthan Hawla and the Governor of Assam and the state. Meghalaya, Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju and Minister of State for Sports S Sonowal and others.
“We have called the MLA and he said he cannot do anything because it is the responsibility of the PHE and the MDC also said that it is the responsibility of the PHE and he cannot do anything.
Meanwhile, five foreign youths who were playing basketball were attacked by about 20 unidentified persons who came with weapons.
She alleged that she was shocked in the abdomen and abdomen, beaten and misused by Kumar, who is Kejriwal's Personal Secretary.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday honored Larisa Lamin who passed the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) in Arts Stream from Adventist Higher Secondary School. , Thadlaskein.
For these reasons, the shortage of people in this country has led us to the border to disappear from the face of the earth.
Shillong, July 03: Former Congress MLA Alexander Laloo Hek has said that he will not join the Congress party but will remain in the BJP party.
Besides the training to the children, these speakers also urged the parents and family members to be vigilant and teach their children so that they can escape from all evils. .
“At independence from the British, the NE and Pakistan were created but we had to fight against this and at that time Mahatma Gandhi supported us.
Besides, there is also a rule that these factories should not go near the water to avoid the pollution of the water, said the CEM. villages or if it is found that these factories violate the rules laid down by the council, these factories cannot get the NOC to set up coal mining factories.
They also said that parts of Meghalaya are only on the other side of the plain to the west.
ADIPR.The Dorbar Chnong Tympang Iawmusiang Jowai has urged all the residents and shopkeepers within its jurisdiction to cooperate with the law enforcement authorities during this time of fight against the spread of the disease. The Coronavirus, which has spread around the world.
“What is needed is not to give fish to the youth but to teach them how to fish,” said Bah Pala.
The State has witnessed such a struggle of the Khasi people in the past years and which continues to this day and all this is what if it is not for that feeling of fear, fear that the day of the Khasi people will disappear. rngai is from Earth.
If anyone takes too much, a complaint will be lodged with the District Transport Officer and the police, said J Rynjah Secretary Shnong, Laban Dorbar Shnong.
“We will continue this protest on the 22nd and we will stand at the Secretariat,” said Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary. , Mr. Adelbert and Mr. Heaving and also Dr. Batskhen Myrboh, Spokesperson of the Seng.
He said the boat sank because it was too heavy for three people but they were sitting for six people and it caused the boat to sink.
Interested and eligible candidates can collect Admission Forms from College of Teacher Education (PGT), Shillong office from 11:00 A.M.to 4:00 P.M.The cost of the application form and prospectus inclusive of Admission Test Fee is(Rupees One Thousand) only.
From its flowers can be made pawdar to kill insects that bite people or infect the household, or to kill insects that eat fruit trees, vegetables, etc.; and those who love all the animals.
Ten million of the million.
He said the government's aim is to enable the state to produce fish for its own needs without having to buy from abroad and also to sell the surplus.
This comes after the BJP party in the MDA government has vowed to withdraw from the government, because although the BJP party is in the MDA government but in JHADC and GHADC they have not included the MDCs of They also alleged that this shows that the NPP-led MDA Government does not respect the BJP party. BJP in the EC in JHADC, is the responsibility of JHADC and the state government does not want to interfere in the work of District Councils. of themselves.
These incidents include the arrest of the Waheh Chnong of the area near Block I, Ma Tyngshain Mukhim and the destruction of houses on the border of West Khasi Hills.
The meeting was held at the Nongpoh Dorbar Hall, and was attended by Bah SSR Kharbamon Principal of Ri-Bhoi College as the chief guest. CORP President Bandari Ryntathiang, General Secretary Markus Makri, Gershome Hat Vice President and leaders from various zones and circles.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 2,333, according to a report from Johns Hopkins.
This incident has brought to an end the hard work of this old man for four years.
He said the government has also taken measures to encourage farmers to use natural fertilizers instead of chemical fertilizers as they pollute the environment.
He said that this will be shown in the Budget for the year 2025-2
“On November 22, 2021, we were invited by leaders and representatives from both the states (including MLAs and government ministers) where we were told that the villages can choose whether they want to I don't go to Assam and I don't go to Meghalaya.
Other initiatives include Poshan Bhi Padhai Bhi (Healthy Food and Education), Promotion of Healthy Food Access through Mission LiFE (Lifestyle for Environment), Provision of Healthy Food Information to and the solution of anemia related problems through 'Test, Treat, Talk'
“According to the order of the High Court, the government cannot forcibly evict the people living in this area because the status quo has made it clear that the Court has already ordered. that the government cannot do anything".
The question is – What sin have these people committed that they have to pay for torture and murder? If we look at the Bengal Famine as well, how and in what form can we justify and convince that these refugees are guilty, because they themselves are slaves under the rule of the British.
Many of these teachers do not provide information to school children.
All three of them have applied the same UCC Act in relation to their marriage and household affairs.
Pala, who said that he will always be with Pynshngaiñ and help him in times of need, has shown to the world that the internal struggle within the Congress party is still intense. which also shows that the MP and the Prime Minister are far apart.
Of course, anyone can stand for election. The most important thing is knowledge, honesty, and ability to do the best. Wealth has nothing to do with knowing how to run the country, but it is the knowledge of man. and a spirit of righteousness to carry out the work.
In this regard, the Seng strongly urges the Government to immediately appoint a full time DMHO in the district otherwise the Seng will not take a firm decision.
In another order, the house of Nirbor Kharkongngor and Rikynti Kharkongngor in Mynsiang Neng, Upper Lumparing has been closed from today.
Also present were the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Bah P.Nongtdu, Rangbah Shnongs from neighboring villages and women who love and encourage sports.
I will give some examples even if I cannot list them all.
Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC, Bah Sil Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh and other dignitaries were also present.
“Ka seng would also like to speak clearly to all those who are watching the situation of our nation that we can be in different flags but in relation to issues that are related to others. “We are one mind and purpose and “that is to protect and preserve our nation,” she added. HYC.Shillong, November 1 : The Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) of Meghalaya, Bah H.Nongpluh, on Tuesday said that the implementation of the Right to Information (RTI) in Meghalaya is very poor due to the lack of First Appellate Authorities. FAA) and qualified Public Information Officials (PIO).
Mohammad Malik, 29, posted his own picture on the posts and the Muslim youth wrote, "Please free me from being arranged by others.
Besides, the President of the country has expressed his appreciation and encouragement to all the ethnic groups to preserve their culture and traditions. and traditional musical instruments, in order to preserve the name of our children and future generations, so that the whole world will know that a nation has a traditional culture and traditions with examples such as, arts and crafts. to use, it is a living nation because a nation that does not have its own customs and traditions is a dead nation.
“In what way does Bah Phidis Syrling claim to be a Lyngdoh in the Raid, when all the documents and authority are in my hands?” said Bah Speshon Lyngdoh Sylliang. Bah Phidis Syrling is not from the Syrling clan, but from the Nongtri clan and the Court has also upheld his claim, on the basis that the District Council has to comply with the The Court has ordered that from 4th November 2018, Bah Speshon Lyngdoh Sylliang will be appointed as the Lyngdoh of the Raid Sohkhwai, along with the Sanad received in 2020 from the office of the Sirdar of Nongpoh. District Presidency.
Dr. R Pohsnem urged the residents to protect themselves by wearing masks in public places as the pandemic is not over yet. He also explained about the Swaach Bharat Mission launched by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Modi and many other hygiene issues.
Faleiro, who came to the city to meet with the MLAs and party workers, said that although the MLAs have differences of opinion, there is no intention to remove Dr Mukul Sangma as party leader. the Chief Minister of the State.
The Minister said that under this mission, the Mission Director and his team will assist the government in informing the measures taken by various departments related to this mission. mat.
The incident was reported on July
Kmoinlang Wahlang is a 71-year-old runner who has completed the Tata Mumbai Marathon.
The children of Hynniewtrep take their jait from their mother, but the members of the SRT take their jait from their father for many years.
The TDF together with the IEQ will help these youths to get the IPYQ, which is a mobile app that can make it easier for the youths to listen to explanations. to print and prepare for the examination by looking at examples from the previous year's examination in a very easy manner.
These minorities include the Hajong, Koch, Rabha, Boro-Kachari and Mann.
The author also urges that it is not permissible to walk while traveling or on the road.
This will be opposed to implementation to avoid traffic jams especially in the southern parts of the country.
The AASU and KMSS have decided to hold a flag raising ceremony around the places where Modi will visit, including at the public meeting place in Changsari, where Modi will speak at the National Assembly. this meeting.
It is not necessary to teach the bad things but the good things to spend time and effort to strengthen.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Surong said that he received the order since Monday evening and his duty along with other officers from other police departments. branch on this road for about 12 hours.
East Jaintia Hills has 77.06 per cent or 1,438 candidates, West Jaintia Hills has 75.77 per cent or 2,921 candidates and South West Garo Hills has the lowest number of candidates. pass, which is only 25.92 percent percent or 1179 people.
The attack was claimed by the Islamic State (IS) and claimed responsibility for the attack. Pakistan is not in the city of Kabul.
Speaking to reporters, the EC, General Secretary of the HSPDP Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, C.Thongni, said that after a thorough discussion, the EC has decided not to allow the HSPDP. The party candidate will be sent to all the primary units to elect the winners from among the five candidates. The party has directed all the primary units to submit their approval. on the 18th of this month.
When they arrived at the swearing-in ceremony, they saw that the pandal was dressed in the colors of the BJP flag. Amit Shah, Union Defense Minister Rajnath Singh and senior BJP leaders from the state were also present.
It is to be recalled that the construction of the road has been suspended since the suspension of felling of trees in Hynniewmer against the military operation in July 2021 which started to improve the construction of this road. slow to run water pipes.
However, if the headache and fever persist for more than three weeks, you should go to a health centre.
According to JACATAM President Bah ED Nongsiang, the report also suggested to the government that the school authorities can set their own rules for teachers according to the rules laid down by the government.
In the next 24 hours, light or heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas, while in other parts of the state, heavy rainfall is expected. The speed will be between 40 and 50 kilometers per hour.
Regarding the Toll Plaza, Bah Jyian Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong of Pahammawlein, said that the Dorbar Shnong has not found any information on the operation between the old company and the company. new, because they do these things without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong.
Up to 30 coaches from various sports participated along with retired Australian Olympic athlete Ian Campbell, Danish footballer Jesper Olsen and Sports Science and Data. expert Dr.Aishwar Dhawan.
The MBOSE examination for Class XI went smoothly without any disruption.
The man looked at them as if he wanted to see.
Among the 16 MLAs and MPs who passed away across the State, the House paid special tribute to former Minister of State, Nimarson Momin who was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
At present, MeEC is in debt to NEEPCO and other electricity generating companies from which MeECL purchases electricity without the support of the Government's Electricity Distribution Department. The State will put pressure on MeECL to improve its service delivery to the residents of the State.
He did not come, because when we talk about the Reservation Policy, it is difficult to talk about him as the President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People. ," Mr. Paul said.
Meghalaya, which needed only 58 runs, managed to score in 11.1 overs.
At the same time, he denied meeting with Trinamool Congress leaders in the past few days during his stay in Kolkata, including Abhishek Banerjee, General Secretary of the party.
As a Christian state, it has also witnessed the multiplication of Christian churches, in fact they are one because they believe in Jesus their Saviour.
Another thing we need to do to attract more tourists is to take good care of the tourist attractions and keep them clean.
On the other hand, the union said that the CEM has decided to turn his office into a room in his own house.
Reporters tried to talk to the Secretary of the MC, but he refused to speak at length and said he was in a hurry and fled the school grounds.
The Moderator shall be appropriate if the Vice Chancellor of the National Law University is invited but if he is not, he may be invited by any experienced lawyer.
Shillong, Lber 06 : The Minister of Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, Paul Lyngdoh together with the Chairman of MTDC, Bah Sanbor Shullai, the Chief Guest, laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Tagore Cultural Complex (TCC). ) at Rilbong Shillong to house the Museum and others.
Finance Secretary- Mathaios Mutong Education Secy- Gilbert Sutong.
Once again and from the bottom of my heart, I wish you a peaceful, peaceful, happy, prosperous and victorious Behdieñkhlam.
The second phase will be on 26th June, the third phase on 7th June, 4th phase on 13th June, 5th phase 20th June, 6th phase 25th June and 7th phase on 1st July. The MP election will be held on July 4,
Long phin just don't know the Father of your son.
Shillong has now become a place where the non-Khasi has become a slave and the land owner has ended up in Shong ingwai.
Nongtnger said that they have also conducted a liquor raid and tightened patrols around Shillong for the safety of the people and to curb any riots.
As the children of the loompyrdi Iongpiah came to sniaw and died, they cleansed the souls of each and every child of the village.
In the meeting with the Governor, the BSF troops expressed their confidence in the border guards and the Governor encouraged them for their willingness to serve the country by leaving their jobs. of the ing the sem.
Raj Kundra was arrested by Mumbai police and his mobile phone was seized.
If others praise me, why should I remain silent? For those others have stirred up the spirit of selfishness.
This book is an attempt to compile and write the history of the Khasi people in collaboration with Professor Bodhi Sainkupar Ranee, (teacher at Tata Institute of Social Science Mumbai). Prof. Ranee who completed his PhD in the subject of “The Federation of Khasi States” which led us to publish and co-write this book “The Federation of Khasi States – History-Epistemology and Politics” (First Edition). ) which is about the history of the struggle of the Khasi Hima from 1773 (First Sylhet Records) to 1835 to
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills today; Under the leadership of the General Secretary, Bah Donlang Nongbri together with the Assistant General Secretary, Bah Tyllibor Swer, they went to Polo to check the license of the shops. yes the documents they are supposed to provide.
The shooting took place in two locations and was in response to the US shooting death of Iranian army chief General Qasem Soleimani early this morning.
Biren Singh has made it clear that he will not resign as Prime Minister.
He said that there are polling stations where if there are no polling agents, it is not good, especially in the rural areas.
Residents said that at 6:30 pm on Tuesday, they heard the scream of a woman and immediately stopped the vehicle passing through their village.
All these activities have been supported by the CoWIN technology platform.This has ensured that the vaccination campaign is streamlined, scalable, traceable and transparent.
What is more surprising is that the department has tried to hide and respond falsely to the RTI according to the request of the union, but the union has sought clarification once again to find out the facts.
In War Jaintia and Nongtalang, they still have this 'Phlong' which is covered with stones.
Nongkasen, November 19: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Nongkasen Unit under the leadership of its President, Samla Firstborn John Marngar together with other members today visited the to meet with the Sub Divisional Officer of PWD (R) regarding the deterioration of the Nongkseh-Mawkhohngui road.
The incident took place in Jammu and Kashmir's Samba district on the 5th of this month.
He said that regarding the use of force by the Assam Police in the Khasi villages in the border areas, the party will hold a special meeting and take better measures. hard.
The party has informed that any students who wish to receive this award are kindly requested to send their Xerox marksheets and phone number to the party office bearers or in the names of Kong Mira Nongrum and Federick Lynshiang from Lawsohtun, Mary Kharmih and Sara Diengdoh from 3mer Lumpdeng, Stephan Lyngdoh and Roi Lyngdoh Tron, Spar and Paduh Nongpiur or can be delivered to the home of Hamlet Dohling in Lummawbah.
In other states in the region, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura, the rainfall is only 50 per cent, 46 per cent and 38 per cent respectively.
"“We have clarified here that until all the cases against us are dropped or the ceasefire agreement is completed, the chairman or general secretary of the HNLC will not be able to take part in any meeting. “At present, we have handed over to our new vice-chairman, Teimiki Laloo, along with the oversight of the working methods and how the work is going.
He said that he is pleased to see that the cultures have not disappeared and encouraged them that not only the Nongkrem dance, but the dances of different ethnic groups should be preserved as a sign. of your knowledge"
The Jaintia Students' Movement, Western Region has donated blankets to the children of the World Mission Children's Home in Modop on Saturday.
He said that the road to Nongryngkoh which has 800 voters has to pass from Nohron which is about 3 kilometers away, but this road constructed under the PMGSY scheme has been badly damaged. car.
Replying to why the sub-contract for the construction of the new Legislative Assembly was awarded to the company which was not received at the time of the tender, the Lamphang said that the department PWD has done this, not from his office, because he as the Lamphang when he visits, he should ensure that the work is completed on time.
He said that the fall of Ri-bhoi as an Aspirational District is regrettable because after 31 years of its independence, it is still in this list but in fact it should have been. The district which has been blessed with the natural resources.
The District Magistrate has banned the mining of minerals under Section 144 CrPC. The order has banned the use of explosives in the vicinity of Krem Liat Prah, which is considered an ancient site. (heritage site).
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday acknowledged that his government has helped Meghalaya to recover from the lack of development in the past 45 years, especially in Garo Hills. .
The mountains, the rivers, the forests, the bright waters, the bright waters, the sweet sweetness of the four seasons.
“The Voice of the People Party is pleased to say that it cannot accept this, because the subject Hindi itself is a very difficult subject to study for those who do not speak this language, and this will create problems. and it will benefit the students,” said Bah Ardent.
Hame Shaniah Suïam won two gold and silver medals, Nisanshwa Lyngdoh and Bantei Sungoh won one medal each and others.
He said the state government has spent money to repatriate the residents of the state who have been stranded abroad during the Corona pandemic.
Conrad Sangma said that the resignation of Bah Lahkmen Rymbui is only the opinion of the BJP, but there is no question mark to remove him and the remarks are only. He said the investigation into the incident is ongoing and the law will continue as it should. whoever has a hand in this matter.
Different nations do not want to lose their population.
Students of a school in West Jaintia Hills District have held a march on the 21st of this month to protest against the assault on a 12-year-old girl.
Khliehriat, July 8: Moolamylliang Village in East Jaintia Hills District has been recognized as the cleanest village in Jaintia Hills District. The Development Officer of the State Government, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday, July 7, 2013 at the meeting held to mark the Environment Day, the Development Officer of the State Government, The Waheh Shnong of Moolamylliang, Bah Apmon Pashiang, was awarded the Best Natural Resources Management Award in EJHD.
Police have arrested Skhemborlang Iawphniaw, 18, and Roplanglin Shangdiar,
Thus, the grammar and part of speech in the Khasi language can be given according to the following rules: Noun-Tienmet Tienpasoh : Name of person, place, the goods, the equipment, the tar, or the things that have a meaning in their name.
The youth has requested for help through the media from the Sengbhalang and NGOs to fight against the incident so that the OC who shot him will be punished.
Maitshaphrang Nongneng scored the first goal for Assam Regiment in the 32nd minute.
Therefore, the feeling of the national party has now shown that those who win are the dark ones.
“WE THE PEOPLE OF INDIA.
How many times have I wanted to kiss your children (children of Jerusalem) but you have not.
In a statement, the Public Relations Officer of the GSI North Eastern Region said that the incident raises questions about the safety of its employees, who work in the field and the GSI demands that The suspects should be arrested immediately and the work in the area has been suspended.
In the second match, Sohiong SC beat Sohryngkham SC 2-1
Other UDP MDCs who lost include Titos Chyne from Sohra, Mitchel Wankhar from Laban from Mylliem and Lambor Malngiang from Nongkrem.
There will also be various programs to entertain the people, in which the group invited and urged the people who wish to take part in the march to go and register their names with the leaders of the march. The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh will be the chief guest at the RBTEDF office.
Speaking on the government's target to provide drinking water to the rural villages through the Jal Jeevan Mission, Bah Kyrmen Shylla praised the work of the PHE staff and the Jal Jeevan Mission. He encouraged and blessed them to work harder to reach their goal.
“On Saturday, they seized the DVRs of the cameras installed in the gates to enter the Prime Minister's residence, in the fences and on Sunday, they seized the DVRs of Cameras installed in other parts of the house.
In addition, the wind blows which stirred up the soil in the hills and carried it to the rivers during the rainy season.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the search for Sengjon is ongoing.
Moosianglamare New and Wahsanphaw SSC have won the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
Shillong: After more than two years since 2015, an 11-year-old girl has been sentenced to life imprisonment. years imprisonment with a fine of T.1000 tyngka and if he does not pay T.1000 he will have to imprisonment for a maximum of six months.
Bah Pariat said that the success of the fish farming industry in the state is due to the cooperation of the people and at the same time from the people in the financial sector.
A video has been circulated, in which a doctor eats a cow's milk.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has been formed from Assam and is not a national party. of Meghalaya.
Shillong: After a meeting of the Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment with the Director of Health Services, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, today said that they had spoken to the Director of Women Empowerment. Dr A War on the increase in the price of COVID-19 tests.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Congress, today, while taking part in the discussion on the Mangtyngka, said that Meghalaya besides the three ethnic groups, another group of ethnic groups known as the “Indigenous Peoples” has emerged. High Level Tribe”.
He said that now they know how to pay them.
To do otherwise is considered suicide in the Khadar system.
Son of African Priest4
Out of the remaining 17 doctors, 27 doctors have gone for training and 11 doctors are currently working at the hospital.
Banerjee, during her visit to North Garo Hills, was welcomed by thousands of people who gathered at Dilma Apal Square, Mendipathar.
Amlarem opened the scoring in the 5th minute through Tiplang Rasmut, while YC Pdengkarong turned the tide through Wanbor Langshiang in the 7th minute.
This painting was also exhibited last Christmas at Moolamylliang.
“We expected the opposition to come and take part in this meeting today, as they are well informed on this issue,” he said. Wednesday.
While some of the projects approved for 2022-23 under PM-DevINE are part of the Budget presentation, projects that can bring economic improvement to the society or creating sustainable income opportunities (such as facilities in all Primary Health Care Centres, full facilities in Government Primary and Secondary Schools etc.) are things that can be looked at in the future.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: The HSPDP today welcomed new supporters of the HSPDP Mawkyrwat Circle. The welcome ceremony was held at the party headquarters in Mawlangwir.
The FKJGP through Shlur Mukhim President and Reachinson Kongwang General Secretary said that the jhur, jhep and other products produced from this area are very difficult to market due to the lack of proper market facilities. The farmers and traders have been forced to endure the cold rain and it has been found that all the goods and vegetables have been destroyed which has caused a huge loss to the farmers and traders of the area. .
Union Minister Kiren Rijiju today met with government officials from various departments at a review meeting held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office. Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to media, the driver of the Mawphor said that the youths were angry and fought with the CRPF. The victim said that he was going to leave for his house on Umthlong Road, but although he showed his ID to prove that he was a press officer, the CRPF policemen who shot him were not able to leave. They stole his ID and bombed the vehicle he was driving. They sent him out of the vehicle and when he got out of the vehicle, they bombed him again.
The suspect was identified as Md. Iqbal Miah, 45, resident of Upsahar village, Sylhet district.
In the evening, because she was terrified of that dream, she immediately woke up her husband.
She said that in 1962 the North East was abandoned and Nehru at that time, he had lost his hand in relation to the North East.
Another elder, Bah S.Nongphud, said that when his cows started to get sick, he tried to give them medicine, but it didn't help. the virus is closely related to the pyrsit virus that occurs in children.
“The discussion on this issue is ongoing but we have not taken any decision,” he said.
We have worked with Dorbar Shnongs, schools and other training centers to achieve this goal,” said Tiwari.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District, this morning at 5 pm, have arrested two persons, who were riding in a commercial vehicle number ML-05-N-2 after receiving information that the suspects were drug smugglers.
Shillong: Two more persons have been arrested by the Ribhoi Police for their involvement in the bomb blasts. to the youth, to do various jobs, so that their income may increase.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Rangbah Shnongs of Meghalaya have left the meeting convened by the Chief Minister after the government did not accept their demand to repeal the amendment to Article 20B of Meghalaya. Services (Conduct) Amendment Rules 2015 which requires government employees to provide information to the government when they hold public office or in organizations.
Shillong, July 10: The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. (Prof.) Dr.
Isaiah 6:9–11.
Shillong: There have been 88 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, including 35 cases in East Khasi Hills and 20 cases in civilians.
The soldier was rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment but died of his injuries.
They have won more than they gave in 2018, so this is the decision of the Government and it is very wrong for anyone to talk about it,” said Conrad.
Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem scored the first and fourth goals in the 18th and 77th minutes.
In the men's category, Daniel Syiemlieh of Red House scored 29 baskets.
Besides Naba Bhattacharjee, the post of Vice President has been given to Rayonold Kharkamni, Gideol Lamphrang Kharkongor has been re-elected as the Honorary Secretary and Chiang D Shira has been re-elected as the Honorary Secretary. The Hon's Treasurer was re-elected by Dhrubajyoti Thakuria and the Apex Council was re-elected by Sengnam Momin.
“We have faced many difficulties during the pandemic and we have seen that Bah PT Sawkmie doesn't hesitate to distribute food aid to those in need. “We should have a spirit of gratitude to help those who help us,” said Homer. “We should have a spirit of gratitude to help those who help us.
These illegal activities have turned into obstacles for small coal owners to earn money while wealthy traders are employed to continue their coal mining activities in the name of 'High Level' and to move freely in that highway.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said that in East Khasi Hills District, 11 cases have been confirmed including 3 cases from the Armed Forces and 8 cases from civilians in North Garo Hills District. in West Garo Hills District, they are also residents.
The distance and exclusion of young people from this work encourages and gives opportunity to exploiters to rule us and ruin the future of future generations.
The report said that the incident happened while he was sleeping and the body was identified by his relatives.
Shillong, Lber 20: After many months of suspension, the Governor of Meghalaya today approved the nomination of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor MDC Nongthymmai as the Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Latiplang said he had received information that the Governor had approved. When asked what department he would hold in the District Council, he replied that he did not know yet.
The trial cum selection will be held as part of the selection of the best players to lead the club for the Shillong Premier Football League 2023 at the Polo Ground which will start in the second month of November
Ten farmers selected from Nongtrai East Khasi Hills village came to participate in the training programme.
Andrew K Jahrin scored the four goals in the 8.10th minute and one in the 17th minute. Banraness beat Lumpynngad 4-0 Syiemlieh scored in the 56th minute to give Golflink a 4-0 lead.
If you want to maintain the health of your blood vessels, the following are some of the lifestyle habits you need to follow.
Ma Careme Phawa said that the date of the festival will be announced later.
The Dorbar Shnong Dulong, Jowai has held a special prayer to ask the Creator to protect us from the #COVID_19 pandemic, which has spread around the world and Meghalaya.
Also present were Minister of State Kyrmen Shylla, Chairman of Cham Cham Village Pilin Dkhar, General Secretary of Cham Cham Village Stop Phawa, Publicity Secretary of Cham Cham Village and others.
The business meeting is filled with great sadness and concern over this incident.
This was like an opening for Nambie.
The Dean of the College of Agriculture Science, Umiam, Ribhoi District, which is a branch of the Central Agricultural University, Imphal, Manipur, Prof.NB Singh (Ph.
She said that the party does not want such things to happen in the future.
Many believers in these last days want to be healed but cannot do anything, they pray for the sick, they are not healed, they want to raise the dead, they cannot, they cast out demons, demons cast them out. as it happened to the Jews who cast out demons.
“However, even after five months, there has been no sign of repairing the road as he promised. “The condition of the road has deteriorated with the passing of the days and this action of the NHAI is also against the law,” said the statement.
Bah Kharkrang said that the protests and curfews, office blockades and night road blockades which have been intense in the past few months now seem to be no longer working and this shows their grief. public.
Maremdor Sutnga tied for 13 runs while Yoometre Malang took 3/6 runs.
The trial also went smoothly until we reached the hill of Sohpetbneng at Raid Mawbuh.
These are according to figures from the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) which has collected information on the income of seven major national parties including the BJP. (INC), Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), CPI (M), Aam AAP and NPP. Between 2021-22 and 2022-23, the BJP's revenue It increased by 23.15% (` 443.724 crore) from T.1,917.12 crore to T.2,360.844 crore.
“Only if we can achieve this goal, we as the state and the citizens can return to the good life that we used to have at all times”.
The house is the first Shlem of any nation.
Then the four Congress MLAs joined the National People's Party, because the Congress has suspended them and if they stay in the Congress they will lose the election.
In the midst of the fierce struggle that the whole world is fighting for the prevention of this disease or Corona-Virus.
At that time they turned to the Lord.
Whether Advani becomes the Speaker of the House or not, it will be up to him and not only the Speakership, but he can take over all the posts in the Cabinet,” he said. Sinha.
A youth from Lum Jaintia, while talking to Rupang, expressed his anger over the behavior of the army and said that many of them had come early to fight for the job but they did not succeed.
It is surprising and shocking that after the decision of the Union Cabinet to suspend the introduction of the rules of Municipal Council and Elected Villages in the Sixth Scheduled of Meghalaya, the Government of Meghalaya through the English newspaper 27th August, 2022 in the caption “Sixth Scheduled Set for Change” the Government of India has once again suggested to include the Municipal Council and Elected Villages in the Sixth Scheduled of Meghalaya. which is against the feelings of the Sengbhalang and the people who have previously written against it to Delhi.
Join the Revolution to protect the country, don't want to be too prominent, don't want to be too prominent, don't want to divide the party too much if you are in KSU who is better to be President now except Bah Kharjarin or want to be President shirta or other parties The old man is the same president because he doesn't want to be like that.
Only then do their leaders know how to ask for our share which we deserve.
He said that those who have been deceived are those who have fallen into the job offer and gone abroad but have fallen into the trap.
“We are talking about corruption in Meghalaya but I want to tell you that the worst corruption is in the MDA government and this has never happened in the history of India,” he said.
Regarding this sudden strike, syllad.com tried to phone the CEM of the council, but his phone was switched off or did not work.
The same way life should be.
In the incident, the fire destroyed property worth T.3.70 lakh including the entire house, furniture, gold and money. The BJP's election campaign for the Delhi Assembly elections has sparked a fierce war of words over the party's claim that the people of the North East are foreigners.
“In the MLA elections, no one came to help us campaign from the Congress leaders in Ranikor but we won,” he said.
“A group of unemployed people has been formed and fish farms have been set up to provide assistance and benefits to many in the area.
The T.29,000 came from the fines imposed on 113 commercial taxis and tourist taxis who were arrested for overloading.
The decision was taken after the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) found that there was an excessive expenditure of Rs 1.71 crore.
Meghalaya will return to Bihar after Christmas on November 27 at the MCA Cricket Ground. Shillong, November 22 : Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling today. The 13th AS Khongphai Memorial Under 14 Football Tournament was opened at Nongpiur Stadium.
Jesus answered, “That David also did this, when he was hungry, and went into the temple, and ate the bread offered to God, which is only for the priests.
“We have to remember that it is necessary to raise awareness about the number of citizens of the State who do not speak or understand Hindi.
Therefore, through the discussions with some of the leaders of Ri Bhoi against the Nepalis in the village, the Rangbah Shnong of Ummat-2, has agreed to return to the area, for the purpose of to discuss the allegation of killing and slaughtering the cow.
A teacher is like a bridegroom at a wedding feast.
When asked why the government has decided to build a Mini Secretariat when Jowai is lacking in all aspects of development in all aspects from water supply, health, roads and education, he replied. “We have spent the city's power and money to provide the necessities from drinking water and we have tried to complete even the pending projects.
It is estimated that there are 16.1 crore voters in these three states, and these elections are considered as a semi-final before the people elect the Lok MPs. Sabha next year.
The hard work of the second wave in the country has led to the loss of many lives and is the third highest number of deaths in the world, except for in Brazil and in the United States.
Not only that, even the GNLA, which has temporarily suppressed the State Police Department, has now restored peace and order after the shooting death of Chairman Sohan D. Shira.
He said that the Government has proposed to separate about 150,000 tonnes of garbage to reduce the amount of garbage in Marten.
Or you can get your result by SMSing Roll No to
Speaking to media, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, Chairman of RBTEDF, said that the group will conduct this walk as part of the RBTEDF's efforts to promote and promote the area. Although the lymbit crematorium has been opened to the public in the past few years.
Similarly, the fact that the Marbaniang clan belongs to the 'Kur Long Lyngdoh' does not mean that all the members of the Marbaniang clan are lyngdohs.
With this victory, Lajong have moved up to fifth position in the table with 22 points from 14 games.
The Lamphang also expressed his gratitude to the Minister of Community and Rural Department, Bah Hamletson Dohling for his initiative in this regard, which has been allocated 2 crore 88 lakh tyngka. I'll start working on it.
" said Mr. Shanbor.
Deepak Kumar Palecha IPS, Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills said, “These counterfeit liquors are spirit-contaminated and to find out the truth about the place of manufacture and the chemicals containing these liquors, a thorough investigation will have to be conducted.
Former Governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary has suggested to the state government to close down the CMJ University after it has not corrected the mistakes it should have made.
The fertilizer that can be applied to it in Khasi-Jaintia is cow or goat dung, or plant fertilizers such as rymbaija, rymbai ktung and others.
“To reach unity, we must hand over the border to the Indian troops.
PC Gotmare said that before the implementation of the Aadhar number, the KSU has implemented the Aadhar number. The office has already issued announcements in the newspapers on the purpose of the Aadhar number and has also sent explanations on the radio and also on the radio. The DIRP office also announces publicly in each village before implementing the Aadhar number.
“In the last elections you saw that a year before the elections the candidates especially the sitting MDCs were busy in their constituencies.
This was confirmed by the Chairman of the Election Committee, Daniel Khyriem and Secretary of the Election Committee, Samuel Jyrwa. The election for the new office bearers of the KSU Central Body and the XIII election will be held on the 11th June from 8 am to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw-Shillong.
However, one thing is that we cannot say that there was a system of counting years and times in the ancients which we need to learn more about.
“The Government has decided to implement a law to fight against insurgency in the country and it will come into force from midnight,” said a statement from the President's Office.
St. Anthony's College beat Shillong College by 3 runs.
Shillong: The Air Force (AAF) has ignored the dumping of garbage in the villages of Mawñiang. , in Upper Shillong, near the Air Force headquarters, where the troops do not care about the public outside the fence.
Kni and Bah Sokon sat in front with the driver while the four sat behind.
The party has also said that it will meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to discuss the issue.
When we look closely at the present House and the 60 legislators we have elected, we see that there are only a few who really ask questions related to the welfare of the people of the state. .
Eighty coal miners were injured, including four seriously injured, said Yildiz, who was in charge of 400 rescue workers. fiber.
“In this incident, we cannot say why the sub-marine crashed and what was wrong,” Joshi said.
The Selection Committee of the MBOSE SSLC Examination 2020 has selected him to receive this scholarship.
The Sikh group Dal Khalsa has announced a curfew in Amritsar on July 6 as part of the 39th anniversary of Operation Bluestar by erecting many flags across the city.
The trial will be held on the 4th of October at 9 am at Jrisalein Square.
These books are part of the traditional teachings of the Presbyterian Church which have been taught from generation to generation since its foundation in the country.
In 2017, all tickets for the festival were sold out and this year's participants were Nao, Corinne Bailey Rae, George Benson, Kamasi Washington and others.
The reason why Idris doesn't want to play James Bond is because he is afraid that there will be rumors that he is not suitable to play the role of James Bond.
If you make a mistake, you will become a foreigner in your own country.
The meeting was also attended by Sengkmie President Wellbirth Rani, Dundee General Secretary Cliff Khongsit, Chairman Livestock Farming Committee Marbud Dkhar, Dr Marco Mitri and other members of the Seng.
