Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Leader of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, said that may 2023 be a year of blessing and help for the poor families. They used to cover the schools but through this assistance from the MLA Scheme, they will be able to cover them with tins and it will be a shelter from the rain and wind.
jah dait when you get out of stateThis is your picture.
Bah BB Lyngdoh, has been the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for the fifth time and as the Chief Minister he has made a name for himself in many areas to promote the development of the state such as the appointment of the MLA. scheme, the founder of the first coalition government in India, which have worked well to date and this is an example that even the central government has taken to implement the MP scheme which we call now.
The mothers or sisters know exactly how many words to prepare the kwai that the heads of the household take to work in each shift.
Announcing the news to the officers at the meeting today, the Director of NEIGRIHMS congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India for the He said that this is the Phase-I of the construction of 301 Nursing posts for NEIGRIHMS. come.
So Samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in the midst of all his brothers.1 Samuel 16:1
The start of MPs' entry into the new Legislative Assembly will start on Tuesday.
Other speakers included the SDPO, Sohra Bah Ian O Swer who explained the duties of the VDPs and some of the rules and regulations relating to them.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills District authorities, today night, have sealed down the office and residence of the staff of the Shillong Times, at Rilbong, due to the presence of those who have or are close to the employees of the Shillong Times. who is infected with Covid
When asked, the FASToM Spokesperson said, “After meeting from time to time with the Education Officers, we have understood the budget of the Government and we have The Government has proposed to increase the salary by T.18,000 and to increase the salary by 5% per annum.
These days there are very few who go to church with humility, with humility and ask forgiveness before God as a tax collector.
These children are the ones he loves very much because he leads them like a father.
Therefore, he urged the employers or contractors to expedite their work or implementation so that the Government of India will implement the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme in 2024 and it will put pressure on them. employer and the State of Meghalaya.
“Referring to the allegation that only the NPP has signed the soskular on the border with Assam, Teibor Pathaw said, “He (Bah Process) has forgotten that the UDP is also involved in the border agreement. border issue.
The man was identified as Madhusana Rajkupar and when his scooter fell into the road, he tried to get out of the scooter, while Bhavna hit him with a stick. ong “Women are afraid to go outside because of such a person”.
Bid documents requested by shall be sent through speed post / registered post on payment of an extra amount of Rs.500/- (Rupees Five hundred only).
We know clearly that there are only four parts required in the appointment of the Government; to release Advertisement.
Moscow: Russia's invasion plans became clear yesterday when there were Z-shaped bases on the border with Ukraine.
Together, we will fight to build a prosperous and happy State”.
They said that although they have had to face many difficulties in meeting their needs in supporting their families and also in paying for the necessities such as bicycles for their children, from On the other hand, these casual workers have stood firm not to back down and to stand firm in providing adequate services even though the government authorities do not respond to their complaints and also that the government is willing to listen. on their urgent need to receive the rights they deserve according to their unfair labour.
It was not until the meeting between the Forum and the Prime Minister in recent months that the upgradation of the Sohra Civil Sub Division to a District has begun to take root.
If you walk in public places, don't be afraid, if you sit in a car, don't be afraid.
Speaking at the TMC membership meeting in Ampati, Zenith said, “The MDA government has abolished all the schemes introduced by the MUA government but now the same schemes have been renamed. .
The Congress party will hold a public meeting on the 15th June 2024 at two places in Mihmyntdu and Ladthadlaboh villages.
It will be a testimony to how much the Hynniewtrep, Hynniewskum people have a rich culture to showcase to the world.
The killings, the discovery of headless bodies, the deaths in the hills and rivers, the deaths from starvation, the violence of all kinds, not to mention the thefts that have spread to the point of death.
“I'm very smart to go fishing,” said Rose. “She used to stop me and she didn't like it when I went fishing.
“The Mawkarah Unit has summoned the family to appear and unanimously the Dorbar Kur has decided to exclude the family from the Kharsyntiew clan after it could not produce witnesses,” he said. ,said the President of the Kur Kharsyntiew Youth Association.
Most of them are women who are marginalized in society.
Looking at the rules relating to the reorganization of constituencies and the publication of census figures, some media outlets from New Delhi have admitted that the Act will come into force from the year 2029 and not before.
Besides many houses, the damaged houses include the houses of Ma Old Dkhar and Ma Phien Sutnga, which are dewbilat houses covered with tin, said a statement from the Daistong Village Authority.
Every Khasi and Pnar should understand that to loot the forest or the fields is to loot the country, and whoever does so is the enemy of the country, and the thief of the wealth of thousands of people. the sons of the inheritance of the land.
The exercise began on 23rd March between Indian troops from the Rajput Regiment and the 5th Royal Battalion of the Malaysian Army.
Solomon's temple was destroyed in 587BC by Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : Karina Sheen Phira has won a new Toyota Glanza 2023 Model from the lucky draw for the season passes or tickets of the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival,
Shillong, November : U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on the 20th of this month as part of his condolence visit to Bah Reniwell Majaw, a prominent herbalist who owns a farm in the state. Marba Majaw Herbal Medicine is available in Mawlai North.
The reason for the incident at the Final football in Byrnihat last month was the HYC leaders' threat to disturb the public.
In the final match, Laingut Chidus FT and Rangkynsai FT didn't have anyone to score because of their skills. of the players.
On the other hand, HANM has demanded that the state government should pay all the expenses of the woman, as they have had to spend a lot of money, after they had to go from one place to another. four to the Hospital.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 07: To address the problems faced by the border residents in Block II, Raid Nongtung, Ri Bhoi District, the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYNY) Northern Region today visited the Block II Raid Nongtung. He met with the Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District to discuss the problems faced by the people especially the issues that require assistance from the Police Department to these border villages.
“Any government that violates the rights of the people should not get a place, we should remove that government,” he said. government".
Due to the heatwave, and the growth of factories in the continuation of economic activities after the pandemic, there has been a demand for more electricity.
Shillong, July 12: The Hynniewtrep Students Union (SSU) has demanded that the State Government should resolve the border dispute between the two countries. In a statement sent by the President of the Seng, Samla K Rymbai, the President of the Seng, Samla K Rymbai, said that the state of Meghalaya and Assam has affected the people living in the border areas. He said that if the state government under the umbrella of MUA-II cannot resolve the border issue, the party is ready not to take part in the MLA election-2018 and at the same time the party urges. Therefore, I would like to urge all the people of Hynniewtrep who live in the border areas not to take part in the election 2018, which will come if the government does not resolve the border issue. at the same time the HSU invites all volunteers to work together, encourage the organization and achieve a good goal for the benefit of the HSU. country and nation concluded the statement.
Earlier, NPP National President Conrad Kongkal Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of the state, said, “We have had talks with them (PDP leaders) and we have spoken to them. be careful regarding their involvement.
Pynshngaiñ said that FOCUSS will inform the government that when it receives funds, it should set the rules and also set a time limit for the state governments to submit to the ADCs such as the 13th Finance. The Commission has made it clear that the government should send the money within 15 days.
On the other hand, Australia scored 10 goals, while Enzo Fernandez of Australia scored the first goal.
“In the past five years, the government has increased the MLA Scheme to Rs 1,337 lakh, and where has it been allocated and where has that money been spent? We will go to the Lokayukta to investigate this MLA Scheme,” said Ardent.
I have been an MLA for 10 years and I have lost only 67 votes; If I can change my mind, I will come back to power, but the Revolutionary Party is a struggle for the benefit of the country and the people.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 04: On the fourth day of the filing of nomination papers for the 2023 elections, nine candidates from Ri Bhoi District today. They have completed the registration of full candidates for the 2023 election from the constituencies in Ri Bhoi District.
At this festival, the public will be able to witness with their own eyes.
all opportunities are available".
The human soul is not an inanimate object.
Those who attended the event included Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Director Sports and Youth Affairs Isawanda Laloo, MSOA Working President John F Kharshiing and other invitees. .
All Banks, Magisterial Courts, Central/State Government Offices, Central/State Undertakings and Industrial Units will be closed on this day for the election to the Legislative Assembly.
Speaking to media, Pala said that although the opening of the registration was held today, the registration will start on 30th November 2021, the registration for those who The IYC office bearer election will be held from 12th November to 12th November
Although NOTA is worthless, it is an important tool for voters that allows voters to express their dissatisfaction with the candidates.
West Jaintia Hills 3 cases, 1 case from outside, 1 case from abroad and 2 cases from screening.
The authorities have sought clarification from the Principal of Government Girls Higher Secondary School in Jowai for singing the election campaign song of a political party in the state on that day. respect the teachers.
It is still necessary to discuss and consult on this issue,” said Dr Sangma.
Opening the programme, EC Anup Chandra Pandey said that since ancient times, All India Radio has attracted people as a storyteller with beautiful voices and strengthening of democracy.
“The blaze occurred due to a type of oil from the synreit tanks while the workers were cleaning the tanks and smoking in a small area,” said the SP of East Khasi Hills. Bah Sylvester Nongtnger.
The Lamphang, in his speech, also stressed on the importance of taxes to promote the development of the country and the state and urged the owners of vehicles to pay taxes on time to avoid the taxes. fines for late payment of taxes by vehicle owners.
Shillong, July 23: The MDC election in Langkyrdem-Laitkroh constituency has started and according to information received from the people of Pynrusla constituency, up to four candidates may emerge from this constituency.
He alleged that the bank account of Bernard and his wife was frozen by the police while nothing was done to Iangrai because he walked around as he wanted and was appointed as commandant of SF
It was not expected that there would be any people who would be ready to help at such a time.
There are also those who have set up their own bands, and there are those who have opened their own music venues in their own villages.
This is a very important issue to understand that training in various jobs along with knowledge through education will encourage students to reach the goal of success when they do their own jobs. or government jobs according to the changing times.
“These people are illegally getting electricity, water supply without any payment.
On the other hand, HNLC Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa, Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni, Foreign Secretary Phrangkupar Diengdoh and PSOs Rymphang Marwein, Storgy Lyngdoh, Aiborlem Marbaniang and Raymond were present. Space.
When the Mother of India looks at the Hill State leaders, she is alone, perhaps she says how can you live alone? Don't you need a friend to be with you? Oh! So they went and invited the Garo to join hands.
Ruhela said that the release of these people has been done by the district authorities in collaboration with various departments and NHIDCL. people from different states.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Nongrim Hills, Bah Bantylli L. Barry, the Disaster Risk Management Action Plan (DRMAP) prepared by the Dorbar Shnong has explained the need to ensure the safety of the people. inside the villages by preventing public gatherings.
This order was implemented as a means of preventing any attempt to disrupt or disrupt the election, in order to ensure a smooth and orderly election.
She stressed the need for a skills training program to empower people with disabilities and her department is ready to provide any necessary assistance. for their good.
Sputnik Spartan beat Langsning by 88 runs through a hundred runs by Kush Agarwal.
In another semi final, Sunny Dale beat St'Thomas 4-0
“The new OM is retrospective and has been issued in a very confusing manner to mislead and confuse the public.
The factory, which is owned by Hindustan Paper Corporation Ltd (HPCL), produces coal.
Police said the mother was shot dead by her own son while she was walking, when the child shot her and she died shortly afterwards with an unknown person. The mother of the child, was also injured in the shooting of the child while she was walking with his mother at the time of the incident.
The Minister said that the non-implementation of projects has affected Meghalaya as Kupli stage-I 200 MW which the State has received about 35MW, Khandong power station which has 50 MW where the State has received about 35MW. 8.51MW and the 25 MW Kupli Stage-II of which the State has received 3.45 MW. problems due to a breakdown that has to be repaired annually.
“Like the sun just came out, four ears and a picture of Gavin.
Speaking to media after inspecting these areas, u Bah Metbah said that the road is one of the development projects that he has been working on since the day he was elected as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. .
One is Wahlakhaw-Laitblieh and will be located at Madan Mot Tirot-PWD Office and Compound.
Weeks after his arrest, Mr. Rodborne was released on bail.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, have been responding from time to time when the media has raised questions on this issue.
Shops allowed to open: Only shops selling beverages and essential items as arranged by the Incident Commanders of each Zone within Shillong and surrounding areas, may open. from Monday to Thursday, from 9 am to 7 pm so that the residents can buy and sell essential items.
The JSU leader thanked the Minister of Health and Family Welfare for listening to the voice of the JSU, for expressing and informing her about the inadequate facilities in the hospital in many areas. He also visited the health center in Khliehriat and found many shortcomings.
Arkidalang Myrthong scored the first goal in the 11th minute, Figo Syndai in the 18th minute and Wanskhem Marbaniang in the 85th minute.
Prestone expressed his concern over the situation in the state where more than 300 people are infected every day and urged the residents to take care of themselves.
He said the Prime Minister has taken action by rescuing Father Tom from being kidnapped by robbers in Yemen. kidnapped.
He said that when they realized that they could not buy the license, they said that the government would go ahead to build a casino if it was not the session of the House. The NPP will continue to build casinos in the future if the NPP comes to power.
Dated Shillong; The 24 June 1947.
This was stated by PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak in response to the allegation by MPCC President Vincent Pala that the MDA government only knows how to promise but cannot fulfill its promises.
Jowai, Nailur 16 : The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today.
Sumarlang Marwein of Pyndengumiong, Mairang and Kyrshanbor Romeo Songthiang of Kynton Mon, Lad Nongkrem, Laitkor have won the Senior Men Full Contact Black Belt category. who won the Sub Junior Boys Category Committee.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that under the NDPS Act, police have conducted a search operation on the vehicle and recovered a pla kieng.
Why do they want to close schools, to sacrifice our children to this disease? What do they want from this pandemic – schemes, projects and funds to enrich someone? Is it right for them to think wisely only for themselves? Have any State given the 'right' only to the leaders to take decisions? Shall we continue to do so even if they force us to become slaves of this long-standing Inflated and Corrupt Commodified Education System (ICCES)? This ICCES during this era of DEVIL-LOVE-MEN (development) however, because it is 'Godless-moral,' does not know how to distance itself from the taboo and the saw. you are dangerous evil.
Shillong: The National Bravery Award is an award given to boys and girls for their bravery. This time, 22 children from across the country have won the award. including 12 men and 10 women who will receive the National Bravery Award 2019 on the Republic Day celebrations in Delhi.
When asked, Sniawbha said that the Government wants to get temporary garbage dumps first because it understands that the garbage dump will be a long process to provide from the ground up. , electrical installations and more.
“The criminals often try to rape the elderly but they don't get it so they don't care about the rain and they rape the children,” said Biti.
After the disappearance of the Covid-19 virus, this place is being converted into an information centre.
In Under 19 (Boys) 1st Prize: NFCC 2nd Prize: Diangmon Rymbai (Dum Dum) and 3rd Prize: Banskhemlang Nongdhar (Lawjynriew).
The sword shall strike, and the thunder shall come upon them that sat quietly in the past.
if it be possible, thou shalt not kill the cows.
The temperature has reached 45 degrees Celsius in Bhojpur.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Border Security Force (BSF) troops patrolling the India-Bangladesh border at Muktapur village in West Jaintia Hills District have allegedly robbed Dr. Seiboklang Buam, Officer Incharge, Muktapur and resident of Muktapur.
Shillong: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Amlarem, has congratulated the Local MLA, Lahkmen Rymbui, for his generosity in providing an ambulance to the Union.
“We will meet the Governor of the State to inform him of our issue,” said S.Pyngrope General Secretary of the Association. This is on the order of the DHS department to dismiss the employees who have been shut down in the department according to the findings of the Association through RTI. He also urged the government to appoint 130 other unemployed youth as the extension of the government will end next month.
From what I have found, I have seen that the leaders in Ri Bhoi, are united despite their differences in parties after the end of the elections, that is, in order to demand for the benefit of the people in the district. “It's all right,” said Dr. DD Lapang.
It depends on the wisdom of the CEM.
If the TMC can form a government in Meghalaya, it will give the power to rule by the people of Meghalaya for the people of Meghalaya and not by others outside Meghalaya, said Derek O'Brien. .
However, the gang kidnapped the truck driver to a forest area and forced the truck driver to inform the owner of the jhur and send the money through Google pay to pay to the sellers. jhur who are the robbers.
The law does not forgive those who do wrong.
This struggle to win the plastic waste, is an example that other residents of Jowai should follow and join hands to restore the beautiful appearance of the Myntdu River and the Syntu Ksiar River which has been covered with plastic waste in throughout.
These nine villages have requested the Executive Engineer (Distribution), MeECL, Moowakhu, Khliehriat to explain within 14 days why they are out of electricity every day. This area is located on the border of Assam and Bangladesh.
Malki beat Meghalaya Police 2-0 on Saturday at the JN Stadium, Shillong.
Likewise, the tipbriew tipblei expresses itself in the song, the music and the dance. While the tipbriew tipblei still rules in man, the song, dance and music not only please and entertain those who listen, but lift up and lift up their spirits; but when the tipbriew tipblei is taken away from the life of man; he produces sounds and words of song which stir up all the animal creatures in man: which even the flowers and the birds and the animals turn away from their sounds.
I appeal to the voters to support the Congress in the Lok Sabha elections.
The foreigners arrived from Jammu and Kashmir and their destination has not been confirmed.
According to a statement issued by the training centre, the selection of players will be based on their skills in sports and they must have participated in Inter National tournaments. National, State & District Level.
In Shillong, the rainfall was 57.5mm today, while today, there was no rainfall.
Speaking to News18, Khan said he had stopped visiting India because of the deteriorating security situation in the North East.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pynthymmai Chyne said that if the NPP does not nominate a candidate now in Shella constituency, it shows that it has justified itself.
Indeed, although in the past four and five years, the smuggling of coal in the area has not stopped, but there has never been such a large number of vehicles as this month.
Arwan Rymbai scored the first goal of the match in the 61st minute.
Addicted drug users need access to drugs every day.
“The damaged items include a safe, money, school supplies, children's seats, computer, piano and others,” she said.
He said that this is the average milk production, but the method of milking depends on the time of birth. it produces a lot, but later it decreases and will decrease more when the cow wants a father.
Samewan Swer scored the third goal (45).
There are 68 recoveries from the disease.
On the allegation that there are many consultancies, the Prime Minister said that there is a need for them and through them the government has now received nine development projects from abroad which have reached T .5000 crores.
“About T.18 crore has been allocated and released for the salaries of ASHAs.
Cairo, Nailar 14: Egypt is in turmoil these days, following clashes and bloodshed in the country between supporters of ousted President Morsi. .
Nongpoh: U Abhijit Kro, Member of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC), who was the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the football tournament at Mawlasnai Stadium, on Tuesday said that he is pleased that the people of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Mawlasnai, they remember him and especially the management of the Mawlasnai Sports Association, who invited him to the tournament.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that he has personally visited the residences of the athletes who will take part in the Meghalaya Games.
This is also a reminder that as long as we have the ownership of our land, it means that the nation is still alive, and if we lose the ownership of the land, we have lost the Country.
“Perhaps there is a misunderstanding between them,” he said.
“I ask for this for the development of the constituency,” said Dr Roy.
The incident occurred at 3 pm when the two policemen were driving two vehicles from the market in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills.
The Czechs scored the third goal through Patrick Schick in the 49th minute.
On this occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also honored nine players from Mawkynrew area who have played in the leagues of the Shillong Sports Association and who have led the state to the national level. .
“It is surprising that the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, which has never contributed to the society, has come to fight to take away the ownership of the Mawjymbuin Krem from the Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong which has been maintaining it since ancient times. now,” said Mr. Dohling.
The Local Organizing Committee (LOC) of the 132nd Durand Cup Football Tournament has announced Shillong, Meghalaya and Kokrajhar in Assam as the new venues for the tournament. paw good of the country.
If the shops in Polo were closed at 3-4 pm, how can the sponges in Iewmulong not be closed from the Government premises? Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants Act 1980? In Polo, who runs without a patlun, who falls into the water, who comes lymbuit to the water, who comes and attacks shops in the dark, why not do the same in Iewmulong? The people of Shillong are like dkhiew, turning to the passing vehicles, from women to children; There is no fly-over.
Ma Garod LSN Dykes said this while honoring the journalists of the district under the banner of the Jaintia Journalists Association (JJA) on Saturday. The public especially at this time of crisis is affected by the spread of COVID-1
Besides the ban on slaughter of cows in some other states of India, it is also prohibited that the trade or transportation of cows is illegal and that those who commit such acts will be punished with imprisonment. being punished.
The injured were taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment while the body of the deceased was taken to the scene. The victim was taken to the Civil Hospital for postmortem.
In the U-17 women's category, Iewrynghep Presbyterian Sec School beat 1st MLP Bn Sec School 3-0 at Madan Heh, Mawlai. Tbe Jingshai Sec School won 1-0
He said that his full name is Khemlad Kharsyntiew and he has six children whose wife is Nepali while the children are Kharsyntiew.
“Referring to another report, it is learned that the State Police together with the Motor Vehicles Division of the State will conduct searches and inspections to ensure that all vehicles comply with the order. of the state government.
Shillong, June 28: The 10 km Run as part of the North East Festival, 2022 and Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav was held on 28th June and was organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner. Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District.
Noting that the NITI Aayog Multidimensional Poverty Index (MPI) has found Meghalaya to be one of the poorest states in the country, she said, “It ranks fourth in poverty in the country and the poorest in the Northeast of the country.
Our collaboration will bring about a full supply of blood in the entire district of Ri Bhoi.
Work on the buildings destroyed by the bomb blast is expected to be completed on Monday.
JOWAI: Police of Jowai Police Station, West Jaintia Hills have released 11 girls and children who have been trafficked into prostitution and arrested two suspected traffickers from Jowai and surrounding villages.
In another development, Wagner said Russia would soon have a new president and the group said the civil war had already begun in Russia.
To enrich the celebration of the Independence Day, there was also an entertainment program with the participation of youth and children from villages and schools in the district.
He said that this is a very difficult task and what is needed is to have a thorough discussion with various groups in the Government.
In another incident, Bah Banraplang said that at 6 pm on Sunday, police stopped a vehicle (AS-01-AT-6157) which was coming. from Assam and intended to go to Khliehriat.
" Bah joined Kharbani.
Block-I and Block-II are the two blocks that emerged in the second phase.
Shillong: The North Eastern Zone Cultural Centre, Dimapur has organized a painting workshop and renovation of pavilions in Guwahati, Assam.
“I am pleased to say that when we talk, we have the same goal, where the needs of the state, the region and the nation come first,” he said. newspaper, today.
Therefore, those who shout in the market places should shout because they only know how to speak lies and deceive the people and not the truth.
This was revealed in the Rajya Sabha on questions raised by the MP from Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi.
However, the remaining road is from Zero Point to Pham Kyrdemkulai which is about 6 km away. During the inspection, the HPF found that Mawsalin has been cleaned but has not been cleaned yet. She urged the PWD to complete the cleaning before the rainy season.
The people are still looking forward to the longrynïeng of such people to lead the way, but it ends in great disappointment.
Sailung Ïalong beat Shangpung Lumiawmushai 5-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament 2023 sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
In a short speech by the Secretary Shnong Mawkyrwat, Bah WL Snaitang, he said that the main purpose of this program is to save and preserve the fish which are underwater creatures. it is also important that we know how to care.
Rupang has looked at the Facebook page of Bah Nongtraw, where he talks about many issues, which he feels are right, but, it was seen that he has not written anything about the curfew called by the HNLC. tomorrow, which should start early in the afternoon (if it is as usual in previous years).
Wankam Disiar scored the first goal for Jaiaw Presbyterian from the penalty spot.
However, we must understand that we must not waste our precious time, which will be the sowing of the good seed and which we can expect to reap the holy fruit when the time comes. for.
This will be the third time for Mukul Sangma to contest against the house of PA Sangma.
He said that both the state governments are continuously monitoring to ensure that any incident is immediately resolved and also not to allow it to resurface.
“If we come to power in 2023, we will ensure that we look into all these issues," he said.
The success of this app is due to the provision of adequate and accurate information from the health staff through the ANMs to the doctors and health officials in the districts and also to the authorities in charge. The state whose job is to monitor those poor women from time to time because it appears and is mentioned in the Mother App.
Senorita Suiam, resident of Moodymmai, West Jaintia Hills District, has passed away on 5/1/2
Meanwhile, Bada (name changed) said that when the Right to Education (RTE) talks about providing free education to children up to 14 years, the government's action is completely wrong.
“PM Modi is good at speaking English, but he doesn't want to speak,” Trump said in front of Narendra Modi.
Sivananda traveled from Kolkata to London on an Etihad flight and stopped in Dubai.
Speaking to media, Disparsing said that the RTI report from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare shows that the Central Government has released T.15.61 crore in Phase I and T.15.61 crore in Phase I. The Second Phase II has allocated T.104.12 crore to Meghalaya.
Thus we see that the country was in great peace during the reign of King David and after him Israel was ruled again by David's son, King Solomon in the year 970 B.C. a peaceful nation famous for its kings and rulers.
The home is what we love with all our hearts, no matter whether it is a house or a street.
There must be that unity and that is why good people don't want to lead because there is a lot of politics not among the politicians themselves but among the people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Director of Arts & Culture, Matsiewdor War, said that the loss of the items from the museum has not been found yet and the investigation is ongoing.
“If you go around the constituency, you will see that there is no development.
We should read not only the books we are taught in school or college, but we should read books that are useful, and that expand our minds, and that explain what is around us, what is happening in this world where we live.
In this regard, on the 19th of this month, AMSSASTA in the presence of Stickson Sangma President of AGHSSASTA met with Ambrose Marak, State Project Director (SPD) to inquire about the delay. to salary.
The construction of the road by the Assam government has taken place at Wahsamynthu, Khanduli to Mukoiram which is about 4 kilometers away.
Nongrim Hills FC scored this goal because Shillong Lajong FC once again did not look like a team ready to play in this tournament.
About 2.5 lakh households will be middle income in 2020-21 and this will lead the Government to spend more than T.70,000 crore on the construction of houses.
The task of the new committee is to discuss the implementation of the Roster and Reservation Policy and will submit its recommendations to the government within six months.
After a thorough discussion, the union has suspended the raid and allowed the owners and landowners to sit down to resolve the issue. He said that the government will continue to conduct such raids on foreigners in these days and in the future.
He spoke about the many activities during the opening ceremony of the NEP and praised the hard work of all those involved in the adoption of the new methods.
“I have been very dirty, the distribution of money in this election has been too much, even to hold the meetings you have to pay a price that will not be discussed tomorrow to vote.
Prestone said that after the wedding ceremony, they held a small party in Shillong. Prestone said that if anyone has any questions, please contact us. Please call 108 to help the government to curb the spread of Covid-19 in the state.
“From Nuit to Spah” Sweden is the first country to demonstrate how to get 99% electricity from nuts.
Philemon Bamon, District Program Manager MHIS explained in detail about the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS-IV) in collaboration with the Ayushman Bharat Jan Arogya Yojana which has amounted to T. 5 lakh per household.
When asked about the number of police officers and the strength of the police, Bah Kharkrang said that as it is now, he can fight himself, but he has to look at the situation in the world. “At present we are sufficient,” said the Chief Superintendent of Police. He said that he has officers who do their job properly and who are quick. to work 24 hours a day which he can call on them at any time of need.
“If we look at Bah Ardent, we are encouraged and encouraged as elders to come here to support him.
Reading out part of the letter from the Ministry, the Minister said, “MGNREGA can be implemented only in census towns which have not yet been declared as urban bodies and cantonments.
After this, Dr. Ferrando Lyngdoh Nonglait, Lecturer, Jaintia Eastern College, gave a speech on the topic 'Problems and Challenges of Rural Students in Higher Education in Meghalaya'
The Market Committee of Lamin Durbar Shnong has decided to open the Bakur Market from the 22nd of this month.
The CEM KHADC agreed to consider the draft urgently and to convene a meeting soon to discuss the matter.
“At present, there is no evidence, documents or writings against the resigned Governor.
“He said that we who are small, even to enter the Cherry Blossom Festival which costs T.1000 thousand, we don't have the money, how can we enter the casino when we need to enter the casino? I don't have enough money in my bank account,” said Bah Rani.
He said that if the government does not listen to their demand, they will take other stronger protests in Shillong under the banner of All Meghalaya PM-Poshan. that right.
These 112 Homeguard Volunteers in West Jaintia Hills District have been working for 280 days at the rate of T.550 per day. There are only 131 days left and the remaining 149 days are left.
Pawar has acknowledged many MLAs of the NCP party founded by his brother Sharad Pawar, and confirmed that he has put the party's name and symbol in its decision. ECI: Sharad Pawar's team has sued Ajit Pawar before the Election Commission and a decision on this is pending.
He said that the problems on the border are only because the border has not been resolved yet and if the border cannot be resolved, ownership and chaos will continue.
The vehicle was damaged and two persons were injured.
Bah Dip and Prof War are senior leaders from the same North Shillong constituency, who have left their parties.
At the same time, he said that the Minister of Home Affairs has said that the Infiltration Check Gate in the State has been operational.
The Minister in charge of Labor in the State Government, Kong M Ampareen Lyngdoh, has been shocked by the reports of three children out of hundreds of children who have been forcibly employed as contractors. She promised to talk to the state government to punish and stop the forced labor of children in any part of the state.
The cause of death of the woman is not known, but her family members alleged that she died as a result of the injection.
The incident occurred at 9.30 pm when 1000 people were on board the boat, which was sailing in the river in Shyambazar area of ​​Old Dhaka.
At this Sohphan Market, the benefits of sohphan such as Um Sohphan, Ashar, chips and others were explained and demonstrated.
There are also villages where houses have been destroyed by the storm.
The POCSO Court, on 11th June 2023, sentenced Brightstarwell to imprisonment for up to 25 years and a fine of T.50,000 as punishment under Section 6 of the the POCSO Act.
Bara FC scored the first three goals, Ricky Jaba in the 6th minute, Nangehbok Jaba in the 6th minute and Nangehbok Jaba in the 6th minute. Banshembhalang Jaba in the 39th minute and Phiding Kharwanniang scored the third goal in the 43rd minute.
In the second semifinal, Rymbai Madanpynriang SC were shown two red cards but Moosiang Lamare New won 2-1
With this inability to appear and shine well, MeSCMA has urged the need for strong support from the state government, especially to come forward to help. to raise funds for the construction of climbing walls of international standard, because the existence of such a competition will help to develop many talented youngsters from the country. They should continue to win medals in the tournaments to be held in the country.
Nongstoin, Nailar 4: Two robbers have been arrested by the Shallang Police Station for allegedly extorting money from a man in Shallang area. Another robber who was involved in the extortion case was arrested.
Then they came and told me that I was still alive.
Nongpoh, June 24: Hundreds of women from different parts of the Nongpoh Constituency, on Saturday, attended the General Council meeting of the UDP Nongpoh Circle Women Wings. Community Hall Sajer, Nongpoh, which is also part of the campaign to extend its full support to Kong Rona Khymdeit for the 2018 election.
Folic acid is available through man-made drugs that help to meet the needs of the human body.
The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills has issued an order recently directing the Chief Secretary and DGP of the State to arrest trucks carrying illegal drugs. law on coal.
The ambulance was inaugurated by Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar in the presence of Lamphrang Kharbani, HANM Central Body President Lambokstar Marweiñ. President of HANM South West Khasi Hills District, members of HANM and other Sengbhalang groups of Mawkyrwat area.
Shillong, March 31: The Secretary of the North Eastern Council (NEC) Ram Muivah on Tuesday said that the allocation of funds by the Central Government to the NEC which looks after all the states in the Eastern Region is too small. heavy work, found it difficult to invest.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the MLA elections in the state will be held in more than 10 years and he hopes that the people will understand the BJP. Shibun said that the absence of BJP candidates in the last elections is not an obstacle to the party's path in 2018 in the state.
Morison was arrested on Tuesday and after eating on Friday night he fell ill and had to be taken to hospital followed by his family members. u all who ate the tit.
On the other hand, Dongmihsngi Mupyut managed to turn the tide through Iaishah Khongmuloh in the 70th minute.
“HAPPY CHRISTIAN HOME SUNDAY TO ALL AND GOD BE WITH US ALL FAMILY CHRISTIANS TO BE THE LIGHT OF CHRIST IN THIS WORLD FULL OF THE CONCERN OF SIN AND DEATH"
Nehemiah Warbah scored the goals in the 15th and 21st minutes.
Markatjuh Dkhar scored 31 runs while V Sangahiwot Rymbai took 30 runs. Kunemi Lato took three wickets and was named man of the match for 16 runs.
In Samanda block, East Garo Hills, Noverfield Marak, Parliamentary Secretary, launched the campaign for the planting of siej for the Tura-Nongstoin road.
Not only that, the members of the Seng also demanded that the factory should benefit Riwiang and the surrounding villages in terms of development projects as this was promised by the factory during the meeting. Public Hearing before the construction of the factory.
The road was constructed with the funding of the NEC under the National Highways Act to connect Garo Hills with Assam.
Four of the dead were from East Khasi Hills.
Last year, from November 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023, 188 Policemen sacrificed their lives to ensure peace and bring order to the society society in the country.
The woman, who was silent after the incident, but she herself, did not go to the ashram anymore, but it was on one occasion, when the religious man, asked her husband, to take him. Their 20-year-old daughter, who was 20 years old, was asked to pray for him and it was then that she told her husband the whole truth and ordered him not to take her. and he gave his daughter to this man.
The toxicity of all pesticides takes about two months to die or lose its effectiveness after use.
The meeting was conducted by Bah DL Nongspung.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, through an order dated 1st November 2020, has closed down the Unique, which is located near DCIC, Polo Short Roundabout Road, Lawmawli, until further notice. .
The World Health Organization (WHO), which has named the virus Covid-19 since it began in 2019, announced in Geneva that China has worked hard to clean up the city of Wuhan from the disease.
The Sur ki Mawlai residents also demanded that the Government should immediately suspend the police involved in the rape of Bah Che.
On the other hand, the Government has also struggled to promote sports in the state by supporting the sports associations, by providing sports grounds and gymnasiums and also by providing venues for tournaments. like this,” said Conrad Sangma.
Shillong, July 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the government should immediately stop the construction of the railway line and call for talks. and to immediately stop the search for members of political parties on suspicion of involvement in vandalism.
He said that to prevent the arrival of foreigners is through the work they do. He said that good deeds start from home.
He said that if the central government goes ahead with the CAB, the party and the people of the North East will fight strongly against it.
He also urged them to give them freedom for the better, and as parents they should also know what their children are doing and where they are, ask where they are spending. the time, the money they receive, and how they use the resources their parents provide.
He said that he has a Canadian passport but he has not been to the country for seven years.
“I have been watching this tournament as well as players like Hugo Boumous, Noah Sadaoui, Mourtada Fall and Zaid Krouch.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, President of the MPCC, Bah Rocky Augustine Marwein, MDC candidate of the Congress from Umsning Constituency and others were present at the ceremony. Other Congress office bearers in Umsning.
Renikton said that he has not been able to visit the hospital since its opening in November 2022, but on this day he visited the hospital as an MLA and was filled with I am pleased to see that despite the many shortcomings in the hospital, Dr. Sutnga, who is also an MS, has taken great care to run this hospital.
According to doctors, the disease is most common in areas or affects the poor people living in unclean areas.
In Nongkrem, the turnout of the voters was slow and there was no queue as many of them were more eager to vote early in the morning because they had paid their bill for the day.
The programme, conducted by Chancellor Dr KM Shyamprasad, was attended by friends of the passed students and supporters of the University.
Earlier in the day, the Chief Minister, accompanied by the Waheh Shnongs of Umkiang, Pyrtakuna, Lumshnong and government officials from the Deputy Commissioner's Office, visited the National Highway. She also visited the PHCs in Umkiang and Lumshnong. She expressed her concern over the poor condition of the National Highway. The NHAI has directed the NHAI officials to repair the road immediately so that it will not cause any problem to the commuters who pass through the NH-6 from East. Jaintia Hills District, has also warned that if the NHAI fails to carry out the repairs, it will take up the matter with the higher authorities.
The entire Nongjri area needs a mobile phone because at present the mobile network in this area comes from other parts like Maweit and Mawkyrwat and the network is not enough. you can't get a net work.
The swimming pool will cost T.10 lakh and will reach T.60 lakh.
He who is rich in spirit brings a smile to the faces of the sorrowful, even if he has been hurt many times.
These political parties and their supporters have said that the MoU is right and too good and that only their party is willing to resolve the border with the country. Assam.
This investment declined significantly in 2019, but increased again in 2020 and increased rapidly in
“We talk about that need to get outside to see sunlight for about two to three hours- not so much necessarily that it’s a very hot sunny environment.
In Umiam, the rainfall was 28.6mm yesterday and 3.0mm today.
“Those who receive the highest prices have received a difference whether they are private A or private B. I don't have anything to criticize but the point I want to say is that the rules have been followed and whoever receives it is also “It's a big deal,” he said while talking to media after the opening of the meeting in Shillong.
God fulfilled the prophecy of the Prophets that the Son of God would be born on earth, so Jesus was born in the year 3 B.C (the third year), in Bethlehem of Judea.
Marak said the government will receive 8792.18 metric tonnes of rice and 1483.85 metric tonnes of wheat while AAY will receive 448.53 metric tonnes of rice per month.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today demanded the immediate release of HANM leader Lamphrang Kharbani. office closure for four days.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle today arrested a teacher of KV School, NEHU for insulting the Khasi students of the school.
The National Action Plan for Skill Development, launched in 2015, aims to train 10 million people with disabilities by 2022 and to provide ATs to people with disabilities. have disabilities so that they can help them to train themselves.
They said that the actions of the Social Welfare Department have put at great risk the census of the Khasi people which has been established and followed by the Longkpa Longkni since the time of the Kulong Kumah. The actions of this department show that it has fought against the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
Do you have a Thlen? In response to this question, I would like to recall the following events that actually took place between 1978-1982.
He also informed that the students who win the Top List will receive a cash prize.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Madan ïng Syiem, on Tuesday, said that what happened on the day of the burning of Bah Kulam Nongrum was not a religious feud or a religious feeling. , but he said that it was a coincidental village incident and it was an unfortunate incident which was not caused by the village authorities, but by the village authorities.
On the issue of funds for equipment, Modal said, “We usually release our share within the stipulated time, but it depends on how the money is released from Delhi.
“We are sorry that the Government does not believe and even the MLAs and political parties in the state are blind,” said Bah Passah.
In his speech, he congratulated the students who passed well, their parents and family members as well as the college.
The Government is pleased that the Lokayukta office should have qualified officers in accordance with the Act and therefore, in accordance with Sections 10 and 11 of the Act, the list has been sent to the Lokayukta and the Lokayukta has selected and issued it. also the information on the appointment letter,” he said.
Replying to this, the MLA of Mawlai constituency said that to force the Central Government to issue the ILP, the Chief Minister needs to lead all the 60 MLAs to Delhi. The Central Committee will see whether it will approve the implementation of ILP in the state.
According to a statement issued by the General Secretary of the Union, Bah FL Pariat, he urged the participants to bring their own sports equipment along with food.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Roswell Shadap, first of all, expressed his happiness to see that the people are ready to give their full support to him to be the candidate of the NPP party in the 2018 elections. He said that the reason why he came forward was after he had met and talked to the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawhati Constituency.
The time will come when you will have to walk or somehow you will suddenly fall from the bus,” he added.
From the voice of these leaders, it is understood that the Minister has said that he will take action to implement their demand and on this they said that the Minister will consider. They have first received the documents on the situation in these 8 villages in the Nongpoh area.
The meeting was conducted by Pastor NS Phawa in the presence of Dr D Nongpluh, staff, nurses and others.
They were distributed at the Community Hall of Mawlai Nongpdeng.
Scholar : you are a scientist, you are a scientist; tih is not clean and not clean; sani is not exactly right.
“This EC has ended without reaching anywhere, because the Seng Samla has not received proper explanations,” said the President.
Thus the end of the days came.
Another problem in the village is the electricity supply.
Therefore, counseling is also one of the ways to help a person mentally along with medication.
“If the government really cares about the people living in the border area, they should put a warning to all those owners. Par Maw who are in the area should take responsibility to improve those parts to enter the mines, because if it is as it is now, this road will not last long and will not provide benefit to the people living in the area.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the State Government has paid close attention to the backward areas of the State and has tried to ensure that development works reach all the remote areas of the State.
Furthermore, Bah Bless said that if the government cannot remove the illegal immigrants, hand them over to the HNYF. and to take the necessary action against these illegal immigrants.
“As part of the discussion, we have agreed on two steps, the first is to work with church groups to come forward and join hands in the fight against drugs,” he said.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar have met today at Nongpoh to discuss many outstanding issues in the presence of the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, the President of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar. Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah RB Shadap, Senior Vice President, Bah RR Makdoh and other leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar.
As one of the citizens who has responsibility and concern for all his brothers and sisters and loved ones, I would like to contribute as much as I can in such a time of crisis.
Even among those stages of unity of the ancient Khasi, dozens of Puriskam Purinams refer to that “Paradoh-Parasnam” of the entire Khasi people.
Every time an attempt is made to destroy the ethnic groups, the number of ethnic groups increases and more and more groups emerge that cannot reach anywhere.
Bah Primson Makdoh, HSPDP candidate from Umsning, said that one of the main goals and aspirations of the people of the border area is the problem of the people of the border area. In order for the HSPDP to come to power, the border issues must come first along with other development issues such as education, agriculture, employment of the youth and others.
“For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ” (1 Thessalonians 5:9).
Through this surprise visit to the DC's office, these drivers had a chance to talk to the DC Ri Bhoi, who also asked for clarification on the lack of money. The DC said that there is no money now and it all depends on the CEO and the higher authorities. He has already spoken to the CEO. on the issue and protest of the drivers and asked for 15 days to complete the payment of these drivers and shopkeepers during the elections. the authorities concerned cannot pay within 15 days.
How many members of the KSU have passed the IAS, IPS or other examinations conducted by the UPSC?2
Two people have died and 78 have recovered.
He recalled that this year it had said that it would relocate after the order of the High Court and through the HLC they had said to relocate but there was opposition.
He said that according to the dulir shown by Basan, the raid Mawlieh is a false dulir, because there is no signature from the Rangbah Shnong or the Sordar but in this dulir there is only the signature of the Raid Mawlieh. and Bashan was alone.
“Besides, we also discussed the cooperation to bring peace between the people of Meghalaya and Assam especially in the border areas,” he said.
In a statement, VPP Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh said, “In the love and especially with the desire of the people to strengthen the party, many Different WhatsApp Group.
On the other hand, Bah Comingone said that after inspecting, he saw that the Umngi River has destroyed some villages and houses.
At the same time, he said that if Kong Ampareen comes as an individual, she cannot be invited to the negotiating table.
The union also strongly condemns the failure of the government security forces at the Meghalaya borders such as Byrnihat and Ratacherra to allow vehicles and motorcycles to enter the state border.
“Earlier, the Congress party, its leaders, came to ask me to join the party, but I don't want to go even though there are those who want to join it,” said Bah Bamon.
The JAC, which accompanied the police today, seized pendrives and mobile phones used by the shopkeepers to sell movies, and arrested four persons from these shops.
She urged to gradually use Bio-Fertilizers instead of Chemical Fertilizers which have been found to be harmful to human health and even to insects that improve the quality of life. the plants that are on the ground.
“I urge you students to expel your friends so that your studies will succeed,” said Bah Tynsong.
At the end of the competition, there were 22 participants from all over Ri-Bhoi, who competed for the title, but out of these 22 participants, 8 participants were selected. The Leaonix, a band from Saiden, came first and won the title in the competition. Ri-Bhoi Super Talent Show Season-I 2018.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Estimate Committee (EC) of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on Tuesday directed the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to ensure that the MRI machine at the hospital should be operational immediately without delay. month.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the CPC to discuss the celebration of Durga Puja in the state.
" Genesis 3:19.
Four farmers have died in the past 24 hours in Tikri and Singhu on the border with Delhi.
The family members of the deceased have urged the public to contact Hammut-i on
The participants on the first day of the festival (17th November) are – Sanam, Hybrid Theory, SURL, Kenny Musik, 4th Element, The Band Phantasm, DBRYN, Gwyneth, Dalariti, CYCO, Aminio, Dr.Legend, Chevinia .
In a statement, the ZSU said this is part of its intention to work with the Nagaland Students Federation (NSF), which is a synrop of the North East Students' Organization (NESO).
Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, Adviser AJMW&LU & AJMDMWU in his speech urged all the day laborers to take advantage of this opportunity given by the government without wasting it as it is for the benefit of the future. of life.
During the British period from 1925 to 1938, they were commemorated once a year on November 11 at Motphran.
Eriti Priest (Son) Shri.Ryntih Priest (Son) Smt.
It is true that the pride and glory of this age have passed away, and this will be fulfilled so that people will think of God, indeed.
Shillong, July 31: U Bah Marbiangki War and six others from Umshyngiar Khanduli (WJH) village have lodged a complaint with the police that on 17th July, 2014, a man named Benedict Siangshai. He pretended to be a policeman and admitted that he was a good friend of an IPS officer and extorted T.2,80,000 tyngka from them with the promise of getting a police job. yesterday was the day.
When following up on the expenditure of the CEM and EM as shown in the RTI on the date they mentioned, it was found that on 25th July, 2015, the FOCUSS has not been established and in fact the FOCUSS was launched on May 8,
The foundation stone laying ceremony started from Umdoh 18mer, then to Maikhuli, where the people were very happy, because they are the villages that have been neglected. too much to other leaders and that they do not deliver any development works to these villages.
The meeting was led by Working President Bah Wanshai Malieh and General Secretary Bah Paia Khongwir.
This has caused the people, especially those who live far away from Nongpoh, to face difficulties to come to this bank, especially for one job, they have to go to the bank. come three to four times a week which has also affected their income and livelihood.
The way to eat rice or food to prevent becoming bih is not to stop or avoid the urge to eat rice, but according to research by Queen's University Belfast, that the best way to get rid of the bih from the rice is to soak it all overnight in water before cooking.
The situation on the India-China border has deteriorated in recent days and the People's Liberation Army (PDA) has reportedly moved towards the border areas. The PLA troops were blocked by the Indian troops. They did not cross the border at the Pangong Tso River.
“I have forbidden them to enter the house, but they are threatening and trying to throw me outside,” said one of the women.
If we ourselves forget our own culture and don't value it anymore, it will be like an insult to our ancestors who have passed away who have established our customs and traditions.
The office bearers of the Madur Unit were confirmed by the Vice President of the Madur Unit, Harvis C. Dkhar while Medistar Dkhar handed over the Constitution, Flag, Seal and Register to the President of the Madur Unit, Phlin Dkhar.
Khliehriat: The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) has demanded that the state government should conduct a thorough investigation into the discoloration of the Lukha River which has killed hundreds of fish and underwater animals in the river.
However, due to the presence of one mawbah which has collapsed due to the landslide, they are still struggling to remove this stone so that two other bodies can be recovered, said the district chief.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 1: “If the MMPO (Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order) Act applies to those who burn down government offices, why can't the robbers involved in the burning of the wooden bridge in Risiang be prosecuted under this Act? MMPO,” said Samla Ricky Sohlang President of the HANC at a public meeting of the Joint Action Committee on Social Organization Maweit Area (JACOSOMA).
After reaching the court, the case was heard and at the hearing, which was held on the 10th of this month, the court gave its verdict and The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), which does not have a Section A&B law, which states that foreigners need a trading licence, has been appointed.
In the past 24 hours, no cases have been reported.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Sports Committee has congratulated all the youth of East Jaintia Hills District who will participate in the Meghalaya Games which will start from 2-6th June.
The BSF has set up various groups in the Frontier, Sector and Unit and in various programmes, documentaries on the BSF have been shown to encourage and train the youth on the recruitment process of the BSF. .
Jowai: U Dr. Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, today visited Jaintia Hills to inspect and witness for himself the coal mine to be sold by the government. The auction according to the order of the Supreme Court has been estimated at 32 lakh tonnes.
On Tuesday, 166 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, four people died, bringing the total number of deaths to
The BDO of Pynursla C&RD Block, Bah PS Tynsong, declared the village as an ODF village at a public meeting held at the football ground of Wahlyngkhat.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri, said that it is a great honor for the people of the city to have this opportunity to meet the former President. most of this city in the last three years.
“We have to come out in 2018 to protect the nation.
“Now I feel that we should no longer be afraid of people but we should look after and protect our children,” said the father.
However, that is not true and in India the citizenship is defined in the Articles and Regulations relating to Schedule Tribes.
Thus we see that the stones in some places here in our city have not been destroyed by anyone but they remain as they are and also to be a sign of our respect for the Longshuwa – Manshuwa .
That is why we need MLAs who can carry the responsibility as leaders and rulers.
He said that to allege that the Lamphang has any connection with the government is not because the work of the Lamphang and the government have no connection.
This style of dress also reflects the uniqueness of the woman, who should maintain the dignity of herself and her family.
Speaking at a meeting of the UDP Mawthadraishan Circle held today at Kynshi for the purpose of recruiting new members to the party, Bah Rymbui said that those who will attend include MLAs, MDCs. and leaders.
He also wrote to Conrad that the state government should not cheat by inserting the names of the wrong buyers instead of the right ones.
Jowai, Nailar 16: The VDP Moodymmai West Jaintia Hills District has celebrated its 50th anniversary in the history of VDPs in the state. , where it was celebrated on 13th January 2013.
Lelad SC beat Mokhain SC 2-1. Pynskhem Dhar scored in the 31st minute and Me-e Rupon in the 53rd minute.
This writer spoke to Bah Phrenly Kongwang, who lives in Umsyiem village and is also the Sordar of Raid Mukertila, where the river is located. “Both the roads from Lad Umsyiem to Dawki have been blocked by these vehicles, which are parked on both sides and have caused traffic jams. the advent of public transport".
The forced marriage of five souls in Mukroh has just happened, but it is sad to see again the quickness of the Government and all those who have expressed their condemnation and anger over this incident.
This research leads to the wrong path regarding diet for blood pressure.
The President of the Seng Khasi Kmie gave a prayer and thanksgiving prayer at the Seng Seng Hall in the morning. , Rgh O.Pyngrope.
Sunn, who joined the UDP MLA after winning the election, said the support depends on the day of voting.
There have been discussions between the Deputy Commissioners of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills in Jowai on the situation in this area, but till now, the KAAC has not set up the revenue collection gate.
More than T.70 crore worth of smuggled goods have been seized in Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad Sangma said the government has investigated this issue from various government departments and the Cabinet has looked into the matter.
Continuing from 338/5, Meghalaya today scored 51 runs before being bowled out for
Shillong, Nailar 19: The NSS Unit of Christian Academy College, Shillong today conducted a one day program on “Training on Food Processing and Life Skills” at ME School, Lum Marboh, Nongrah from from 10 am to 2 pm.
Besides, there will be a variety of games and food at the festival during these two days.
Also present on the occasion were A.Dkhar, Functional Manager of DCIC, Staising Kharbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools, students and teachers.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Association (AMDWU) on Tuesday expressed its dissatisfaction with the failure of the State Government for more than 12 years. the demand for legal recognition of the work they do.
Dadra and Nagar Haveli took the lead in the 14th minute with Pooja scoring the first goal.
According to the minister, the central government has already allocated and released T.165 crore.
“What is more surprising is that now this floor is the headquarters of three government departments/corporations, the Tourism Information Center of the Directorate of Tourism, the Directorate of Horticulture and the Meghalaya Handlooms and Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary, VPP, said in a statement. equipment from the State and information required by the State in the world.
However, the village has received the approval in 2019 and in the approval, they have set the conditions that they should get the trading and labor license, but until now it has not been able to provide the license. trading was to labor licensed.
He said that the company from Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd should be black listed because how can it award sub contract to a company which has been rejected from the beginning, Badri Rai & Company. they are very tortuous.
Nongpoh: The Hima and Raid Leaders of the Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh in Ri Bhoi District today held a meeting to discuss and discuss the issue of not being able to introduce one of the The Khasi Customary Lineage Act, 1997 has been enacted by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Kapoor tested positive for the virus after returning from the United Kingdom and staying overnight at the hotel.
During the search, police recovered a 7.62 Machine Gun, a 7.62 SLR Assault Rifle, a DBBL Rifle, a DBBL Barrel, five wireless rifles, 13 wireless batteries and others are equipped.
“From the beginning, the KHADC has made it clear that it will not allow private companies, state government departments or even the central government to come and mine. to mine and explore for uranium on the land of KHADC especially in Domïasiat West Khasi Hills District.
The Congress MLAs feel that this is a statement that affects the feelings of other communities as well.
These files No.FOR.76/2006, contain information on the misuse of the Border Area Development Programme.
He said that after the policeman learned that a case had been lodged against him, he arrested Sarkar and imprisoned him and threatened to do something wrong if he did not withdraw the case.
“The RSS has served the North East for more than 70 years and has been in Meghalaya for 51 years, but the question of all is that we have never heard of the RSS,” he said.
When inquiring about the news, Rupang learned that there are currently 16 MDCs of KHADC who are members of the PDF and their names have been taken by the CEM to Delhi to show the list of members. of me.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, MV Nongbri today opened the match between Sohryngkham SC and Umphyrnai SC in the second division. Rural Sanitation Survey 2019 in Shillong.
In a letter signed by HG Nongrum President and AC Sangma, Secretary, the East Student Union expressed its deep concern that if any large paid organization can attack the small paid, then the East Student Union Democracy in India, which has been based on freedom of government and religion, has been misguided when we look at these events that have happened in this state. demand that the authorities should take measures to punish these Student Unions, churches and Christian religious leaders so that we can maintain peace and order in the society.
The SKRS supported the passage of the new VAB passed by the PDF while the ARPA demanded that the rules should be revised.
According to the Sordar, the doors of the same market are being constructed in Dympep and once completed in Dympep, it will be built in Mawkdok before being used.
I am deeply saddened by the loss of lives and the loss of peace and I have decided to resign from the post of Minister as a responsibility and sorrow,” she said.
The JSU said that Jaintia Hills Hills is not a place to allow foreigners to steal wealth by destroying the environment which is a punishment for the owners of the land by hiding in the name of the name of the growth.
The question to the MLA of Jowai Constituency is, What have you done in the past 4 years and 9 months? Are you still willing to speak out once again during the election campaign that you have already given us an empty and non-functioning hospital? Has the MLA of Jowai done anything wrong? Furthermore, the upgradation of Khliehriat CHC to Civil Hospital is another of the problems faced by the people of Jaintia Hills. However, the health and services to the public are still very poor from the medical staff, doctors, nurses to medicines.
“The work on acquiring the land and the construction of the entrance gate has started immediately.
The International Court of Justice has ruled in the case of Kulbhushan Jadhav.
Nitesh Darjee joined Punjab FC after showing his skills in the Reliance Foundation Development League where Sudeva Delhi FC came second in the National Championship.
He recalled that the state government in the past months has allocated 5,000 tyngka to the farmers to improve their agriculture. money can be spent in less than a day.
In a letter to Atul Bora, co-convener of the NERPF, Rio expressed his regret over the loss of confidence in the NERPF in the North East.
The tournament will continue on Saturday 23/09/2023 between Old Star FC and MLP FC at 2:30 pm at Len Stadium in Ladmukhla.
On the last election, he said, “We should think about this 155 votes, whether it is a threat or an encouragement to you.
Most of the farmers who used to live in this area have suffered a terrible incident due to the lack of proper roads.
At the same time, he said that through these programs, they can share not only their achievements but also the challenges they face in order to bring victory to their villages.
It will also help to the best of its ability to bring about the best in the Club.
The Peitngor Seng has alleged that U Lum Mawjneh has been allocated T.3 crore or 10.25 thousand shibmon. The funds have been allocated to the Seng Raid Laban. He said that the Seng Raid Laban has never heard of any assistance to the villages, but the money has been spent on the filing of a lawsuit against the village of Lawsohtun.
This was the verdict of three judges, Arun Mishra, BR Gavai and Krishna Murari.
Everything was talked about on the road.
Hindus make up 79.8% or 966 million of the population and Khasi make up only 15 lakh.
Nongpoh, Nailar 02: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Raid Nongtung Circle will hold a protest against the deterioration of the road from Umpowin Nongrim to Mawlasnai Market which has caused serious problems to the people in coming and going for many years. crowd and flag raising ceremony in different parts of Raid Nongtung villages.
Regarding the incident of insulting one of the leaders of the RBYF Sengkmie when he went to speak on the issue of foreigners, the members of the RBYF, strongly condemned the incident. and who have also laid down the understanding that from now on such things should not happen again.
The Congress party, through its candidates from the city including Bah PN Syiem from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh from Mylliem, Bah JA Lyngdoh (Bah Dip) from North Shillong, hundreds of supporters came. with joy and gladness and gladness.
“The Chief Minister of Manipur, Biren Singh, in a statement today, said, “The Government is deeply saddened by this incident and has taken action to protect the lives and property of the people. the eyes of our people.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Tuesday.
The MLP scored 139 runs for the loss of five wickets.
Shillong, November 7: The KSU Central Body today laid a wreath to commemorate the 23rd death anniversary of the KSU Central Leader, Bah Bull Lyngdoh.
He said that there is still a population of only 50,000 people, he said that the rules have to be followed even if there are no CHCs. “I have the opportunity to stand forward with the support of the people from 2013 to 2018 but what did you do during that time as MLA,” he said.
Other leaders were requested not to nominate but to elect Bah Ardent to take over the post of leader as he is already the Vice President of the party.
The final decision will be taken at the FIFA Congress to be held on 17th June 2024 at a venue which has not yet been announced.
It is reported that there are places where it rains and cold and there are places where it rains only.
During the discussion, the names of the candidates will be announced,” said UDP vice-president Allantry F Dkhar after the meeting.
“There is no record that NEEPCO has been relocated to other places from its existing location.
The ANVC(B) has accused the GNLA of carrying out terrorist attacks in Garo Hills to kill innocent people. fight by knieh from the police and army by killing them and then by taking them away.
When God said – Moses now I will send you to Pharaoh, Exodus 3:4-10, Moses answered God – “Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh and ask him? and Israel came out of Egypt? God said – “I will be with you” Moses said to God – how shall I answer if they ask me 'What is His name? What shall I say to them? God says, tell them – “I AM THAT I AM, say send the “I AM" to you to me.
109 cases in West Garo Hills, 21 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in Chilliangraij Cluster, 2 cases in JNV Mukhla Cluster, 3 cases in Muthlong Cluster and 2 cases in Shangpung Cluster.
He said that writing is a wonderful talent that reflects in the mind of the writer through his visions and the words that come out of the writer are the thoughts from the bottom of his heart.
The village leaders, together with the refugees of Umlakhar, expressed their gratitude to the organization, which was willing to donate to the refugees in this incident and the village also blessed the leaders. The organization hopes that they will be able to continue to serve for the betterment of the village and as the village wants to get their cooperation in the future.
The meeting was attended by Bah Marcus Marten, HNYF Leader and hundreds of residents including parents.
“Taxpayers can lodge a case against the KHADC because the tax collected from them has not entered the Council but has entered the accounts of private individuals,” he said.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today became the first Chief Minister of Meghalaya to visit the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to witness the election of the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Council.
Kyrmen said the UDP has the hope of leading the government in 2023 despite the defeat of the ethnic parties in the last elections.
La Ikynti Kharshiing has been appointed as the Chief Magistrate of Sohra Civil Sub Division.
Finally, Bah Warjri (MJA) together with the office bearers of Shilliang Umkhen Spiritual Judo Club would like to thank Bah David Nongrum, MLA of the constituency for being willing to join the Union of Athletes. Judo from the beginning and in the future as well.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court today granted bail to Bah Julius K Dorphang, former MLA of Mawhati Constituency.
He said that the use of the CISF may not last long as the State Government has the intention to allow the mining of coal with scientific knowledge which is dark according to the law.
There is a time for everything.
When asked why he did not meet the MPCC president or the prime minister, Syiem said he did not feel it would be necessary to inform the leaders in the state as they were aware of the matter.
From Meghalaya, the National People's Party (NPP), the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP were also present. .
Therefore, the RBSU leader said that through the Committee and in collaboration with the elders, it is hoped that this demand will be fulfilled and that it will be of great benefit to the students. and especially those who come from low-income families.
Mawryngkneng: The second semi final of the 9th Mawryngkneng Invitation Football Tournament 2019 will be played between Bravehearth FC from Mawryngkneng and YBSC from Shella today at 3 pm at the Mawryngkneng Stadium.
Let's take the example of coal first.
One person has died of COVID-19 in the State today.
As soon as she received the letter, Kong Maya was shocked and understood that it was not easy to go alone.
The mid-term MDC elections will be held on November 13, 2016 after the resignation of 7 MDCs including 6 in KHADC and one in JHADC. The BJP has allowed the mid-term elections to show them.
He said that the arrival of petrol trucks in Meghalaya is not less than 80 every day, while in Garo Hills there are not less than 30 petrol trucks.
“The fault here is also the fault of the contractor for not informing us and when we put the police in Langpih we will do what but if he informs us we will send them to avoid any incident,” he said. The SP said that regarding the security in Langpih for the Khasi community, he will inform the authorities to provide security. Regarding the demand to take action against the Assam police who have injured 28 persons, the SP said he has received the FIR and they will take the necessary action.
“Not only that, he also told the youth not to be afraid of ejahars. “We should not be afraid of ejahars.
Before the election of the office bearers and members of the Fish Farmer's Producer Organization, a short speech was delivered by Ma R Rymbui Superintendent of Fisheries and Ma B Shylla Fisheries Officer to explain the objectives of the organization and the benefits of the organization. farmers and fish producers.
MLA and MDC Gigur Myrthong has helped to build three small roads while MP has not built anything for three terms.
He said that as the President of the party it is his duty to strengthen the party with the cooperation of the office bearers and the party from the former President, leaders and office bearers.
Not only that, the salary of journalists should also be adequate as without adequate salary it is difficult for them to do their job well due to the high demand.
Deicy Mery Marweiñ, Miss.
“I don't have politics, I can't work in the Hima because I don't have any decision, I don't have anything,” said Bah Rapsang.
The total number of registered participants has reached
“Dr. Sangma said, “Don't elect only the MLAs [this time], elect the Government.
The coal traders leader said that the Congress government has neglected the villages in the Border Bangladesh area and Saipung area where the people have not yet received roads, medicines or health facilities. the region as a whole is still lagging behind.
He strongly condemned the HYC for making these allegations and said, “The HYC is sad to see such allegations from the HYC which have been making these allegations for a month or two”.
Why don't you seize these trucks?"
He said that after a few years it has been opened up to class X. He said that the RMSA school has been a great blessing because as the years go by, the population has increased. Even the Nepalis living in the area, these days, have understood that school is very important, they have decided to send their children to school.
In his speech, Modi called on Indians to work together to clean up their country and said he hoped that with their cooperation, India would be a successful country.
Indian football fans have been locked up inside by a man before the start of a football match between India. and the United Arab Emirates, who will play in the 2019 AFC Asian Cup on Friday night.
The funeral service will be held on 27.03.2022 at 3 pm at the Unitarian Church Jowai.
The BJP MLA also appealed to all the party leaders to refrain from any differences within the party and to unite as a party so that it can be of help to the party. “If the NPP wins, the MPs from our state will get more votes than the Congress candidate from the opposition.
However, incumbent Congress MP Vincent H Pala and NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh did not attend the meeting.
And they said, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Savior of the world. and he went out into the country of the Gentiles.
Besides, the Seng has also requested the PHE department not to drill water from the ground as it has caused the soil to collapse in some places. in the places where they are not.
This answer of this child, who is under 10 years old, surprised the reporter when he heard from the voice of a child who in the field, also has a knowledge of nature and living things in the country. an.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the road from Mawjrong to Khadar Shnong has been stalled due to lack of funds from the government.
He said that if the players from Mizoram can reach the national level, there is no problem for Meghalaya to do the same.
The ceremony was held at Mawryngkang Village on the 20th of November.
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) on Tuesday launched an offensive against militant-infested parts of the West Bank and Israeli troops killed three militants. It is a great victory for this country which aims to eradicate and completely eradicate the activities of the insurgents.
As it is true now, this world is destroyed, this world is filled with sin, blood, evil, smell, lies and thanksgiving all will be destroyed now.
And the government is still unable to develop Tika vaccines to kill the virus.
He said that the Union has decided to temporarily close down the meat shops from 27th, 28th and 29th November, 2022 and no one will be allowed to sell meat. They have been informed that they will reopen on the 30th of November, 2022 and requested them to cooperate so that what they plan to do will be successful.
She said that at present, there is only one Deputy Director of Nursing, one Upper Divisional Assistant (UDA) and one Lower Divisional Assistant (LDA).
There is no need to follow the practice of other citizens from around the world, such as in English to write Mr.Ms.Mrs or Hindi Shri.Smt.
He was speaking after the Enforcement Directorate (ED) raided the residence of Principal Secretary Tejashwi Yadav in Delhi and many other residences and workplaces of aides. of Lalu Yadav.
“Many of our schools do not receive assistance from the government, but the Madrassas which have nothing to do with the country receive assistance,” he said. .
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 25: “The indefinite strike by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of Peoples Party (VPP), due to the government's failure to listen to his demand to improve the salary allocation, very reasonable and timely demand.
Even children including school children, the elderly and people with chronic illnesses have had to use boats when they need to travel or get treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Thirteen civil society organizations have remained in the dark over the appointment of a committee by the government to find ways and means to curb the infiltration of foreigners into the state.
The Jerobat Police have arrested these two persons after the Assam Police received a tip on the presence of people who were planning to smuggle Ganja. When they conducted a search at Jerobat, they seized a Zen number ML-10-C-9707 and when they searched inside the vehicle, they seized Ganja and 100 grams of Ganja. they weighed him, and he weighed 40 kilograms.
After the syllad slammed the government and PWD for the death of Dr Sanjoy K Shylla in a car accident on the two-way road connecting Chyrmang and Iongnoh in West Jaintia Hills District, the PWD department on Thursday held a meeting. to close the road completely and put up road signage to block the road.
“We have agreed that for any villages that have disputes that have to be resolved, the first step of the governments is to meet first, to ask the people whether they want to go to Meghalaya or not. Assam and it is not by force,” said Thombor.
Wildfires that destroy many forests.
Some enter through food or drink, such as unclean and uncooked water.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency in the presence of Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, LT Tariang, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, MCS, Block Development Officer (BDO), South West Khasi Hills District, Basan P.Lyngdoh, General Secretary of South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association and others .
Speaking to the family members of the child who died in Mizoram, they said that the child who died in Mizoram was 14 years old and they had her birth certificate. The post mortem report of the child showed that she was 18 years old. The relatives of the child said that the age of the child was given by Golda Thabah. Golda is a school teacher in Mizoram and has two children and her husband is from Siliguri.
In this match, A.Nongspung and N. Bareh scored three goals each.
Shillong, July 14: Ka SPARK, a NGO on Saturday celebrated the Day against the Labor of Children Under 14 Years.
On the other hand, Mawphor office wishes you all the best of luck. May the coming of Christmas bring happiness to you and your families.
The arrest of these six persons was made after the Meghalaya Police received a tip from the Mumbai Police, who informed the State Police about the presence of these six persons. Six Nigerians have been wanted by Mumbai police in connection with murder and attempted escape from Maharashtra.
Bah RG Lyngdoh said, “The difference now is that the new President of the party is a player who wants to get together first and bring together to become one which is something interesting.
The MS promised in front of these leaders that he will take action on this complaint and on his part he will strive to ensure that the patients from the state will not lose their beds and if there is any problem “If you have any questions, please contact us,” said Rapborlang Nongrum, Publicity Secretary, Khasi Students' Union.
Today at the All Party Meeting a meeting was held to discuss the problems faced by the people at this time due to covid -19 and to discuss ways and means how to prevent the spread of covid -1 the people who are suffering.
(The Law) needs to be judged.
Before concluding his speech, the Father said that those people involved in this act of defaming the state and such an act should be punished.
“When the election is far away, you don't recognize the election time, you come and hold hands and feet but the people of Sohiong have understood well now,” said Prestone.
MUDA has done this after receiving an order from the NGT to complete the work within three months.
Only Parliament can bring about any amendment to the laws that existed before the Constitution of India.
This was announced by the Secretary of the Meghalaya Swimming Association, Bah Ian Lyngdoh, while talking to reporters at the Crinoline Swimming Pool on Saturday. The 16th State Aquatic Championship will be held in Yangon.
The name of the Syiem of the Rilum, has disappeared from Shillong and now there are houses where people who have fled from place to place because it is easy to come to this state to get a place to live. It is the land of the shyiap, it is the country of the people, not the country of the government like in the countryside.
On the other hand, the A'chik National Youth Organization (ANYO) has expressed its support to the striking workers and promised to take the matter to the relevant authorities.
Four persons have been arrested with counterfeit money in Goalpara district of Assam on Tuesday, police said in a statement.
Shillong: After the loss of the Congress leader from Mawryngkneng Constituency, Bah David Nongrum on 2nd June 2021, the state has once again lost another candidate. Rajabala Mayor, Dr Azad Zamana who passed away suddenly at 2 pm on 4th October 2021 due to a heart attack.
He said that according to history, the border of the Hima Mylliem reached the Brahmaputra River and through the acquisition of Meghalaya, these areas were considered to be the border areas with Assam. The Hima Mylliem has sent the evidence to the Regional Committee of Ribhoi District.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPPF) and the Khasi Jaintia National Union (KNU) have announced that they will hold a rally tomorrow morning at Marian Hill Square, at 11 am. :00 this morning.
After receiving a tip from the CFO, Rangkhu N. Sangma on the illegal activities in the area, a team of GHADC – Phulbari Forest Range was sent this morning to investigate the matter.
The government should not allow such incidents to happen later where officers misuse their position,” said Kong Agnes Kharshiing and added that the officers involved in the misuse should be punished. wrong to your rank.
However, there have been some changes in the appointment of the CEM to the executive departments as the current EMs are also from the Congress.
These two vehicles were seized by BSF personnel patrolling at Sonapur Bridge, East Jaintia Hills.
Thousands of supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Sohiong on 9th June came to express their support to Bah HDR Lyngdoh by taking part in a rally held at Madan Kseh Bilat. Suddenly.
Bisterly Ksih of Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the Under-17 Boys category, Filicia Sympli of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School won the Women's Under-17 category and Lyonel Ryngkhlem of KB Memorial Secondary School won the Under-17 category. School won the Best Player in the Under-14 Boys' category.
It is worth mentioning that the students of the school during the two days have been able to showcase their skills in the 100, 200, 400, 800, 1500, Relay Race and other events, Long Jump and High Jump, and other events specially arranged by the teachers.
At that time, the people of Sohra were very strong in the word of righteousness, they were not afraid or afraid because it was the highest righteousness and morality in the world.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA, said that the border villages in Nongpoh Constituency have been included in the special scheme. Inter State Border Area Development Program in which some villages have received and implemented development schemes and some have just received the work order.
The Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MASHAWU) on Tuesday called for an indefinite strike and sit-in in front of the Secretariat on 27th November following a recent meeting with the state government.
The HPC in a statement said that they attended government meetings with full confidence but the government gave false information and misleading through the media. news and in general, it is only to deceive them to join this government proposal.
Priyanka Latam of Lumparing SC won the Best Goalkeeper award, Nisilia Majaw of Laitkor SC won the Player of the Tournament award and Suna-Linda Iawren of Mawlai SC won the Player of the Tournament award. the Final.
This situation in Jowai has now caused eye diseases or difficulty to see the garbage of all kinds that has spread in the city of Jowai which is ready to be upgraded to Jowai Smart Town.
In the Khasi District Council, the turnout was 75.70% with 237967 males, 267563 females and 506030 voters.
Gen Burhan has 120,000 troops, while the RSF has 150,000 troops and is a bloodthirsty group.
“He is an opposition leader and before he speaks, he must understand how to speak, how to establish the facts, not just to speak harshly, I expect harsh words from him,” he said. said James.
“At the same time, she said that some political parties have asked questions on these issues and the Government has taken the suggestions as well as the questions to improve by sitting with the officers and the legal experts to answer these questions.
“Therefore, the state government as well as the central government should take strict action against those who violate the rights of the two church workers during their visit to their farm in Bihar,” he said. added.
“Our allocation for the award of only T.5 lakh is based on the receipt of assistance through the Tourism Department.
There are two reasons why Jesus' death was glorious.
Sangma's remarks came after a two-hour meeting with the Prime Minister.
However, the Sengbhalang said, “We want to know on what basis the MCI has decided to close down the factory in this village. but apparently it is not enough to stop the handshake because we need to know the truth whether this company has closed shirts or will close temporarily, we need to know this company will close “How many days,” said Bah Jyrwa and added that the Sengbhalang wants to get an explanation and a written statement from the Dorbar Shnong.
This is an award for the students who participate in various programs conducted by the school for the purpose of improving and guiding the primary school children to draw, write and others to stimulate the brain.
This Act shall come into force soon and shall remain in force until further notice.
The JSU has reminded that Jaintia Hills has been neglected in all aspects despite being one of the areas most affected by the Covid-19 pandemic.
The meeting was attended by more than 300 Rangbah Shnongs and Executive Members of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Sor and Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Khapsor.
He stressed the need to educate and train the people of Meghalaya on how to develop trade through the use of modern technology.
Many political parties have taken the responsibility to monitor the movements of candidates and leaders of various political parties as they travel here and there, in order to find out whether they are distributing money to the voters. vote.
Ryngkat Dhar scored the first goal for Tpeppale in the 66th minute.
The DC of Ri Bhoi, has urged the people in the district not to take stingy the Covid-19 pandemic and urged the people to be vigilant and follow the guidelines. people's health, so that we can prevent the rapid spread of Covid-1
This is how it is.
According to a letter sent by the Waheh Shnong of Tympang Iawmusiang to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, the Village Authority has already held a meeting regarding the garbage dump in Jowai especially in Iawmusiang. and which has caused a terrible smell which affects the health of the people who walk and stand every day, the market dwellers and the school children who pass through these garbage.
All these children were girls.
DRINKING ALCOHOL:— Drinking alcohol in moderation is what the healthiest people do.
The Deputy Commissioners of seven districts on the Bangladesh border including Netrokona, Sunamganj, Sherpur, Mymensingh, Sylhet and Kurigram and all districts of Meghalaya will discuss issues including the fence. signs on the border and other works.
from the time he came to earth in 3 B.C-32AD which means from the birth of Jesus until his ascension to heaven in the clouds.
After the appearance of seven women, who accused MJ Akbar, Children's Minister of India, Ghazala Wahab, She is the Executive Editor of Force Magazine, who will publish her meetings with Akbar.
As part of the protection of animals from injury and in compliance with the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District Bah Wilfred Nongsiej has banned any form of cruelty to animals such as cow racing and other forms of entertainment at any public gatherings such as fetes and other places. public entertainment.
In the past few days, heavy rains in North Sikkim have caused severe earthquakes in Chungthang, Mangan district. damage to roads (including the highway) in the area.
Through ensuring full transparency in the registration process and verification of beneficiaries, the Government of India has been able to deliver funds within minutes of Prime Minister Duh signing the when money is released.
“He said that as a village we want to promote all kinds of sports whether it is cricket, football, basketball and others.
The biggest problem is after the second outbreak of the Delta variant which is more serious than the 2020 pandemic.
Tej's remarks came after he filed a complaint with the court seeking divorce from his wife Aishwarya Rai, whose hearing will be held on 29th November
At the same time, the Police have warned against any person who harasses the employees of the Election Commission who are on duty.
During the search, 34 small bottles of the same powder weighing 1.03 grams were recovered from Vicky Dkhar.
Shillong, November 12 : Although Angkit Tamang took six wickets for 46 runs, Meghalaya lost to Chhattisgarh in the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy on Saturday. Monday in Vadodara.
Shillong, Iaiong: Once again, the Barilang Pyngrope together with some youths, have decided to hold a signature campaign to demand the immediate change of the state government. The reservation policy will be held on the 8th of this month from 1 pm to 4 pm at Sohra Market.
Short speeches were delivered by Rev. Fr. Alphonsius Rongrin, Benjohnson Lyngdoh, President of MCSEPAC Youth and other dignitaries who encouraged all the football teams who participated in the tournament. The 1st Memorial (L) Rowell Lyngdoh Knockout Football Tournament 2022 has been attended by 32 teams.
Shillong, March 1 : The Governments of Meghalaya and Assam have decided to hand over to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the shooting death of five civilians in Mukroh on 22nd November .
It is also prohibited to shoot and carry food broken from homes and restaurants.
NECARF has demanded that the Government of India should immediately release Fr.Stan Swamy.
The National Conference of Vice Chancellors is also part of the 97th Annual General Body Meeting of the Vice Chancellors to discuss how to improve education in the States and the country as a whole.
God is still protecting you in the night.
Advice*Don't be afraid to test if you have symptoms.
These have to be my rishot.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister urged the people to go to the doctors recognized by the government and not to believe or be deceived. to the doctors who don't know anything about health.
The Governor said that the Temple is a central place in the society and will help us to be clean from heart and soul.
“I don't have Aadhaar either, I don't feel the need to do it,” he said while talking to reporters about the confusion of the people of the state about the Aadhaar number these days.
This is the resurrection to eternal damnation, the second death in the lake of fire.
He also demanded that the officers, contractors, engineers and project officers who have issued the bill should take responsibility for the construction of the dam. There is no responsibility for the Irrigation Project in which the dam has collapsed only halfway and has affected about 400 households.
Hambertus said that now the coal traders in Jaintia Hills have put their money on the roads, in the forest and they don't have any money at home and therefore it is very difficult for them to provide. They have spent a lot of money during the coal mining in June and June, because they didn't know in advance that there would be a coal mine. such a decision to ban the transportation of coal.
After hearing the Muktiar of the Central Government and the Additional Advocate General of the State, the High Court, by the consent of the parties, issued guidelines on how to proceed in this regard. .
In a statement, Chairman Paidbah Wahkhen Bah M Khonglein and Secretary Bah R Buhpohang said that the reason why the people decided to refuse to take part in the Pomblang festival in Smit, is because on the lack of action by the Syiem Khyrim to resolve the issues in Wahkhen village which resulted from the Syiem's ​​forced appointment of the Sordar who was appointed without the will or consent of the people.
Harmony: the meaning of harmony, order of thought is acceptable; lang is with the group; rhythm is the same in any part; shijingmut is a way of thinking that is agreed upon.
In the second innings, Meghalaya needed to improve the wicket, but Angkit, who should have taken the wicket in the first over of the second innings, but he couldn’t hold on to the ball he was trying to catch.
The song is directed by Rockyland Laloo and produced by Z-0I. The song was recorded at Emperor Studio @KhasiRapstudio
This book is dedicated to children around the world especially in Meghalaya, which will also be an inspiration and a reminder that with hard work and with God these things can happen even if it is difficult. how much soul.
Although these houses are still there, no one is allowed to enter because they have started to collapse but it was seen that there are still many tourists visiting this place.
When asked about his intention to join the NDA, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) President Naidu said, “It is not yet the time to talk about joining the NDA. and the NDA government.I will talk about that when the time comes.
There are many families who are more poor, a few who are middle class, a few who are well off.
On the other hand, the KSU Narpuh leader also asked why the Wildlife Department of the state government has not lodged a complaint against this, as the site to take Star Cement is near Narpuh. The Wild Life Sanctuary says that if there is a snowstorm, these animals will escape from the area.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : The KSU, FKJGP and HNYF Mawlai Circle on Tuesday sent a letter to all political parties including those in the Mawlai Circle. The ruling party has also called on the opposition and political parties to discuss the delay in releasing the report on the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, former leader of the HNLC. Nong Mawlai has demanded that the political parties should speak out and demand immediately from the Government to release and make public the results of the independent investigation led by one person. Justice T.Vaiphei.
100 pieces of jain were purchased at a cost of T.7,25,000, 1200 pieces of shatri at a cost of T.28,20,000 and 2500 pieces of plastic bags were purchased at a cost of T. 10,25,000 and 100 bands of soping tins were purchased at a cost of T.5,80,0
India will have to step up its production and trade with the rest of the world to grow its economy.
“So far we have received 58 candidates (from 60 constituencies) and that is a lot more than what we had before the last election,” said the party's National President, Conrad. K Sangma while speaking at the announcement meeting of Bah Allan West Kharkongor as the candidate for Sohra.
The former JSU leader has strongly criticized the former and current MDCs for their lack of attention to passing laws to protect the jaidbynriew. and to enact laws to protect this small nation.
Shillong: U Bah RG Lyngdoh, who has returned to the Congress party, today said that from the beginning, he has left the party but he has not left the party. he is still a strong supporter of the party.
He said that even the full office of the Civil Sub Division does not exist and the office is still being set up at the old PHC in Riangdo.
“According to media reports, the AITC leader said, it is clear that the Meghalaya Government continues to appoint the same contractor even after the IIT has submitted its report. -Guwahati.
The protest will start from 10 am to 4 pm at the Parking Lot in Addll.
On the part of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, as a resident of the area, he congratulated Bah Pyniaid who took the initiative to attend this meeting to discuss the problems faced by the village.
After counting the points between the two teams, Lajong had to end the match with a penalty, and it is to be remembered that Lajong beat Rang Dajeed in the first half. Rang Dajeed have won the 2019 MSL Cup on penalties, but this time Rang Dajeed have managed to increase the points in the second leg by 4-3
In this regard, the All Hynniewtrep People's United Front (AHPUF) through its Secretary C.
In the name of the UCC, the Hindu Code was forcibly implemented throughout India and the customs and traditions of many minorities and ethnic groups in India were completely changed.
He said that these Sub-Centers as they are now do not have enough water, and this has created problems in maintaining the cleanliness of the centers and especially will create problems not only for the patients but also for the patients. nurses and staff at these Centers.
Nongpoh: U Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Minister of State and MLA of Mawhati, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the 5.20 km road from Umshiaw to Untangling. achieve savings of at least Rs.5 crore.
The death toll in Delhi has risen to 2,035 with 66 deaths today.
Marak said the Garo, Khasi and Jaintia communities should stand together to provide 80% share for the welfare of the youth from the three communities.
Therefore, Bah Johny said in front of the union, that the union, the village is pleased with the search and gives its support to work together in the future so that we can eradicate these crimes.
According to information received from the drivers of the vehicles, they said that since the day of the cleaning, nothing has been found in the area, but suddenly in the evening of the first day, it was learned that there was a body in the area. They also suspected that the man had been killed and they brought him to the street.
The CEM also launched the website of the Monolith Festival to be held by KHADC on the 25th and 26th at Mawphlang.
In fact, we send our children to school so that they can learn the skills of sword and spear, whether in any field, whether it is agriculture, farming or any other field. claim.
Nongpoh, June 13: There has been a clash between Khasi and Nepali youths in Jatalong Village in the past few days. It is also a matter of great concern that due to this incident, the peace and order of the people has been affected and especially the residents who have been harassed by the Assam Police.
The meeting was conducted by Bah B.Lyngdoh, Assistant Teacher, Maharam Government Higher Secondary School. D.Sohtun, MJS, Chief Judicial Magistrate-cum-Secretary, District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), South West Khasi Hills District, gave the welcome speech.
“Even the UDP MDC from Sohra together with the KHNAM MDCs have brought up the issue of ILP in the KHADC Dorbar recently,” said KHNAM Shella.
Regarding the announcement by the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who is also in charge of the Elaka Department, to summon the Syiem of Nongspung Hima and his leaders. Hima, Paiem Patrick said that the KHADC has not yet issued a statement but the announcement has been seen only through the newspapers.
cin (Sericulture Application Form).
On the one hand, school fees and the cost of most amenities have risen while income levels have remained the same.
It is worth mentioning that the electricity department has not been able to turn off the electricity for hours.
If planted for cattle feed, about 6 ser per acre of seed should be planted but if planted for symboh, only 3 ser per acre of shymbai should be planted.
“I have decided to leave the BJP because when my fellow Christians are being attacked in other parts of the country, I don't feel right to be in such a party that attacks and persecutes Christians because of their soul. my knowledge as a Christian affects me.
Shillong, June 6: More than 300 foreign workers have been taken into custody by the police and their identity has been recorded during the raids. Police of East Khasi Hills District.
It is for this reason that the Khasi writers have created the wrong phrase “U lyngngam u Diko”.
“The BJP has listened to the complaints of the NDA allies from the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, other states in the North East and for that reason, they have not brought the CAB in the Rajya Sabha,” he said. when you speak today.
Jowai: A 16-year-old boy named Kitbok Pale, a resident of Mynsoo village, has drowned in the Wahseinphoh river this morning. which is located between Ummulong and Mookyndur.
He said the KHADC will prepare to hold a traditional festival which is in progress at Mawphlang.
Jowai: The Union of Waheh Shnongs, Ri Jaintia Hills District has strongly condemned the people who took the law into their own hands to shoot and bomb and attempted to kill the Waheh Shnong of Maskut, u ma Kyrsiew Kharbithai just for the small reason that I can't talk to each other.
“In the Mawlong war area, the wealth has led to the digging and quarrying of stones and hills and rivers and the presence of pajwa thang shun. “If this continues like this, I am afraid that within 50 years, this war country will turn into a shyiap country,” said Bah Teiñwell. It is not that I am angry with those who do this work but that if we don't think about the environment, it is a great danger not only to the environment but especially to us human beings.
D.I.Kjam and Bulletin Editor Rtn.
Many discussions arose at the meeting where they decided to continue to operate as usual and they accepted that this action of the police is a discrimination against stem vehicles. -iong are allowed to operate in the countryside while the jyrngam vehicles known as rural vehicles are not allowed to operate in the city.
The event was filled with songs and dances by the youth of the area and prizes were awarded to the winners of this year's Mawkynrew Cup.
The change in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in which the Chief Executive Member (CEM), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, has been removed from the post by the NPP and Congress MDCs, has shown that the ruling party The Opposition in the state, in collaboration with the ruling party.
She said that the government has already appointed more than 180 Doctor Specialists and the state needs more than 300 but the government is looking for ways and means to meet this need. .
SHILLONG: The Langsning Football Club will hold a trial for the U-15 and U-18 category on the 20th of June.
Many of us too have to buy the water that God the Creator and the environment have given us.
However, when they love each other, I don't doubt that they will be happy,” said Maheh.
“I have been informed that one of them will be able to go home while the other will have to undergo treatment,” said Bah Sanbor.
Prestone said that all these allegations against the NPP will be revealed on the 2nd of October this year which is the day of counting of votes and he is confident that the people have understood. to be well founded upon all these things.
People have been crushed by a wide and widening chasm, which separates the poor from the rich.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Wailadmiki Shylla said that the purpose of this training is to help the youth to stand on their own feet. fulfill the word sap.
The meeting also said that journalists must have an Identity Card issued by the newspaper, TV channel or digital channel they work for or an Accreditation Card issued by the DIPR. Therefore, in order to avoid any exploitation by the private sector and to avoid confusion, MEPA will write to the DIPR on this issue so that the people will not be misled by those who do or do not themselves as journalists or reporters.
On the same day, the new office bearers of the party will be elected so that the party can carry out its work which will be communicated to the government authorities.
Last month, the KSU had expelled Samla Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, President of Mawlai Circle, on charges of fighting against the party's rules.
The robbers boarded the Bolero pickup and abducted the vehicle and the driver.
The story of Jesus does not end with death.
Or shouldn't those who are too many be given a place to fill the hole? We’re afraid we’re too vulnerable and that’s the truth.
Therefore, in order to avoid the pollution of the environment, the villagers, the streams inside the village, have issued a strict warning that from now on they will not allow any people to come to eat, wash cars. or to dump garbage in these streams within the village of 18 Mile and this decision was taken after they have cleaned up the streams by writing warnings and if the village finds them “Those who continue to violate the rules and regulations of the village will be punished according to the rules and regulations of the village,” said Frontstar Mawlein.
However, what is shocking is the increasing involvement of foreigners in our state to take for granted to form a government (bulldozed) according to their wishes. their.
According to witnesses, the garbage collected in the area includes plastic, bottles, paper bags, foil, plastic bags and others.
This time, let us say, let us nominate our own candidate so that we can try and win the election.
In the field of orthopedics, there are Dr. DD Phanbuh, Dr. H. Rapsang and other doctors.
One of the roads most affected by the landslide is the road from Langdongdai to Malangkona.
For example, in Khasi-Jaintia, riewhadem can be planted along the entire length of the hillside.
We should not be surprised why the East Khasi Hills District Administration has issued such an order, that is, the implementation of the odd & even numbers rule for all commercial vehicles. They earn separately to Motphran, by passing through Kachari Point and Khyndai Lad, that is, besides those who used to earn separately only to Khyndai Lad.
The Tympang Village Authority, Iawmusiang, has tried to stop the people from gathering, but their efforts have failed after the people from all over the villages came.
We don't need to be reminded of the good that comes from keeping clean and protecting the environment which is the mother of mankind.
Mawlai SC became the winners of the tournament after Langsning FC and Rangdajied FC drew 1-0 on Friday.
In Nagaland, 34 new cases have been reported so far.
Because those who went outside heard only the sound of gunfire.
On the day of his election campaign in Pahambir, Nongpoh, Rajya Sabha MP Rakesh Sinha strongly criticized the backwardness in the state and said that Meghalaya is ruled by a few families. and all the money in the state, too, went into the pockets of those families.
Who is the Creator of order.
Nadda said it is clear through the enthusiasm and support of the people that the BJP in Meghalaya has received that the people of the state have decided to win the election for the BJP. “The BJP will form a government in Meghalaya,” Nadda said.
The forest department will have a role in taking care of this along with the administrative and others but there will also be an opportunity for the youth to get jobs from this area,” he added.
Radheshyam, Minister Government of Manipur President Manipur North East Olympic Association, along with BK Roka, President Sikkim Olympic Association & Working President, NE Olympic Association, Abraham K Techi, General Secretary, Arunachal Olympic Association, & Secretary General, NE Olympic Association, to Mr. John F Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya State Olymlipc Association & Treasurer, NE Olympic Association, to Sunil Elangbam, General Secretary, Manipur Olympic Association, & Secretary, NE Olympic Association, to C Laltlanthanga, Secretary General, Mizoram Olympic Association, & Vice President, NE Olympic Association and Meren Paul, General Secretary, Executive Member, NE Olympic Association, said in a statement.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that before 2014, the cleanliness in the villages was only 40% while now, the country aims to reach all the areas.
Shillong, July 5: After the death of Clifford Marak, MLA of Chokpot Constituency, the mid-term elections in Chokpot Constituency are now near.
The match time has been postponed to 3:15 pm except for the final match, which will start at 3 pm so that Mawlai SC will receive the trophy. last name.
All committees should follow the schedule so as not to overcrowd the place of worship.
They include Bah Alos Nongpoh, Secretary Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society and other Raid Nongtung officials. They said that the people and village leaders of the area have already experienced many problems. In such cases, when the people and the village leaders are in trouble, no one comes to help, but they are looked at by the village leaders and turned into a slave in front of the people of Assam.
Mukul Sangma, has been in trouble after the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP. Everyone knows that there is no pre-election alliance with the BJP, said UDP leader Dr Don. He asked why the Congress should blame the local parties for the rise of the BJP and it is the Congress party's lack of interest in the rapid rise of the BJP in the country and the states. For example, in Assam, many Congress leaders have joined the BJP. In Meghalaya, many Congress leaders have joined the BJP, while in Shella, many Congress leaders have joined the BJP. Congress leader Dr PW Khongjee has joined the BJP and therefore it is not the UDP that has given power to the BJP, but the lack of attention of the prime minister. “If the BJP rises in Meghalaya, it is because of the lack of interest of the prime minister and his party,” said Dr Donkupar. “In Meghalaya, we are sure that the indigenous parties will form the government in the 2018 elections,” he said.
The Lord JesusAre you living in PRAYER like OUR LORD JESUS ​​CHRIST? Or is prayer only when we need God? AS CHRISTIAN HOUSEHOLDS, ARE WE PRAYER? The answer I leave to you individual friends to answer.
Nongstoiñ, July 28: The Halatynrai Eco Tourism Society (HES) in West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, has organized a with a special program to clean up the garbage dumped by the residents and visitors in the Nonbah River.
PFR Football Academy will face North East United in the final tomorrow (30-12-2022) at Chowkidinghee Stadium, Dibrugarh at 6 pm.
Speaking to media, Bah Fantin said that about 80% of the shopkeepers in Laitumkhrah are in compliance with the rules by providing documents, but there are still many. who are not aware of the need to pay Professional Tax.
info has shown the increase in the wealth of government ministers in just five years from 2008 to
On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang of the Congress, said that he has received information through the Rangbah Shnongs of the constituency, that there are still many people who have about 1 lakh people in different villages of the constituency. The ration card includes AAY, PHH, NFSA and Non-NFSA and others.
That is in addition to the money allocated by the government.
Amber Heard, in her testimony in court on Friday in the case against Deep, could not hold back her golden tears and cried during her testimony.
Thus, all these things are done in a way that does not understand the special skills.
Not only that, it is said that during the days of his visit to New York, Berset cooked his own food in a room where he lived with his staff. ; However, someone from his office explained that Berset was staying at a hotel.
Ri Bhoi District is one of the districts where the farmers produce a lot of ginger and the ginger processing unit is exported to the state. Syieng farmers in Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Commander said that he had applied for a visa in Kolkata on the 10th of this month and had to leave for Switzerland from the 17th of this month to the 22nd of the same month. moon.
After receiving information about the incident, a team of investigators arrested Maheshwaran Rajagopal of Chennai at Mumbai airport.
“The Rangbah Shnong has tried to be biased especially when he suspended the allocation of land to hold the party meeting at the last minute,” said Bah Harbinson Kharkongor.
The Government is not aware that the lack of enrollment is the reason for the lack of marks during the examination.
The Seng said that according to the information received, the nurse, has been in poverty for about 6 months and has been sent to work as usual, but within a few days she has informed them. The Ganesh Das Hospital authorities refused to give leave and sent them to work showing that there is a shortage of staff.
“We have decided to welcome the tourists, who like to visit and stay as usual at the Umngot Shnongpdeng River after the temporary closure due to the fight against COVID-19,” said Lurman. B Talang, General Secretary of the Village Council.
The day began with a Holy Mass held at the Shrine of the Sacred Heart of Jesus Nonbah Parish by Rev.Fr.Anselm Nonglang. Fr.Wilbert Marweiñ Parish Priest of Nonbah Parish and others.
However, at the same time, he said that he respects all the parties, but to join another party is not a good idea because he has decided to contest from the Congress.
However, at that time, Lily decided to end their relationship and this is what led to the incident at that time.
Sutnga, Rymbai Shkenshynriah, Khliehriat West and Rymbai Ïawpynsing have reached the semi final of the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
" “The NTPC has agreed to lift the ban on the Meghalaya government from purchasing electricity from other electricity companies. “I don't want to buy electricity from these companies,” he said.
Shillong: The protest in Motphran, which resulted in clashes between the police and the people, continued until last night. The crowd has decreased after the police have closed the door, the police have been stationed on top of the building of the Synod Complex, they have been stationed in parts of the Mission Compound and also at the YMCA and The people didn't have time to play chess.
At the same time, it was also decided to hold the third annual meeting of the Youth Wing, Longkmie Wing, Bhalang Wing, Riewkhmat, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima in 13th July 2013, at 11 am at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong, to discuss the 65th anniversary of the implementation of the Instrument of Accession. and Annexed Agreement dated 17th July, 1948 with the Government of India.
Many parents have warned their children that those who worship have to go to the cemetery at midnight and wear blue clothes and write their names.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the citizens of the state can also use the app for other purposes related to the police department of the state.
I want to ask a little question. Is it right to marry a man whose father is a kur and a woman also wants this answer.
Guwahati Police have seized 198 soap boxes containing heroin weighing 2.527 kilos in Jorabat area of ​​Guwahati on Tuesday night. God and arrested three people, police said.
However, in his speech, the Vice President of NEHUSU admitted that the ABVP members have attacked and shot him is wrong and it should be proved who attacked him, otherwise the ABVP will file a case. bai mynrain in relation to this allegation of the party.
IPS officer Dr Raghavendra Kumar MG has been appointed as SP of East Khasi Hills District in place of Sylvester Nongtnger who has been appointed as SP of FE&S Shillong. The office of the Secretary incharge Home (Police), Bah CV Diengdoh.
The court has sent the inquiry in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court.
Jyntru and Laitryngew were expecting to win because they had lost in the last match.
One group was led by the Deputy Commissioner together with Addl.SP, another group was led by ADC, Bah SS Syiemlieh, S Marwein and one group was led by ADC, Kong DM Suja together with police. and other government officials.
Jowai: The annual Procession of the Eucharist of Ummulong Parish, this year was held on the 16th of this month, in which thousands of parishioners from neighboring parishes of Jowai Diocese, Archdiocese Shillong and The Diocese of Nongstoin has taken part in the Eucharistic Procession of the Ummulong Parish.
It is worth mentioning that the outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020 and 2021 has severely affected the conduct of church services around the world including here in Meghalaya, where Christian churches used to hold services. who has many believers.
Speaking to Rupang, the General Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, Bah RL Blah, said that this is the second protest announced by the Rangbah Shnongs. and others shall continue to sad.
So it doesn't mean that even if I lose, I won't work anymore but we will always be with the people.
After we have received the ILP, I am confident that the people with wisdom and responsibility will elect the leaders to go to the District Council.
“He has met only with the people who have agreed to build the 2 Lane road and he has held a meeting. “It's just a child's talk, but he doesn't know that this road should mine uranium,” said Robert.
The troops seized three mobile phones and two SIM cards.
“We have submitted a petition in which we have lawyers who have explained that we have the grounds to appeal against this petition. “If we as a party lose our trust in them, the people will not be like us,” said Dr Ampareen.
The CSWO demanded that the government should do something to free the farmers from this harassment and to set up markets so that the farmers can store their produce if they cannot sell and to prevent the exploitation of ignorant farmers by buyers.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that in the coming days, the government will convene a meeting with the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to discuss the issue. section.
For that, we need collaboration and intervention in the right way.
The statement said that if these protest programs do not succeed, the Union together with other groups in CCORMAU will meet together to discuss the issue.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, Father Glorius Syiemlieh, Parish Priest of Umden Parish, NEFA leaders including B.Mallai. President of NEFA, and other elders, parents and youth of the area.
He said that the presence of leaders from various church groups is a sign of love and respect among the Khasi-Pnar people and he hopes that this spirit of love and respect will unite one church group. and one without feeling the spirit of religious differences will increase and unite among the Khasi-Pnar people in the days and times to come.
The Indian Aviation Ministry has approved the Chilika Lake in Odisha, the Sardar Sarovar Dam and the Sabarmati River in Gujarat. which will be the landing sites of these aircraft.
Through a meeting at Pahambir Them and also after inspecting the Sohtrun Market, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, expressed his satisfaction to see that the Minister of State, He took the initiative to visit and talk to the farmers and also to provide special assistance to the farmers and especially to the Sohtrun farmers not only in the Nongpoh area. but in Ri Bhoi it is all over.
This song is composed by Bankershwa Suchiang. Edited by Julian and recorded by Soniwan Langstang1
Shangpliang said that two nominations were filed by Bah Wahlang and one by Kong Khymdeit.
As the citizens of the state, we cannot accept such incidents which are a threat to the country and the nation as a whole.
Bah Monarch Shaving...Have you ever thought about how many times you have published such news...Have you published it with a sense of responsibility or to thank the Synod.
The Israelites were a wise and rich well developed country today, but they urgently needed only the Temple to complete the remaining three festivals.
Finally, the ceremony was concluded with the signing of a memorandum of understanding between the Kongwasan of Raij Chyrmang on behalf of the Soo Langdoh and the Pa Dolloi of Jowai District.
Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra has told the Sunday Times that she plans to become the Prime Minister of India in the coming years.
One of the producers, Mahaveer Jain, has spoken about one of Bhansali's films, Padmaavat, saying that this film should have won an Oscar in the past years because of this film. It also showcases the philosophy and culture of this country and sadly it was not sent to compete at the Oscars along with other international films.
The History page is clear.
“In the years since I joined the BJP, they said that Bah Sanbor, who is more powerful, will burn down all the churches, ban Masi, but now that I have won from the BJP, I haven't seen anything. To all of them, the eating of Masi and those who are involved in the elections where are they going during the time of poverty and suffering due to Covid 19, and when they are in need they come to look for Bah Sanbor, please In this election 2023, don't listen to these nonsense, even if I got only a few percentage in 2018 from Laban, but I didn't leave Laban, even those who didn't support me didn't leave empty-handed.
The officials of the federation have informed the public that the tournament will be played only for four teams.
Mr. RS Mooshahary IPS, during his tenure as Director General of NSS in Delhi, at a Seminar, All India Tribal Language of India, which was held in Delhi in 2003, where I attended. “Khasi language is very advanced among other tribal languages ​​in India,” he said.
“If we talk about development projects from the National Highway, NEHU, NEIGRIHMS, the 100 days scheme, the smart card and if we remember that even the food and beverages during the Congress party were what bit is enough.
Poverty will increase and we will go backwards.
The investigation is ongoing to identify more suspects involved in the drug trafficking.
We need to sit down together and discuss three issues,” said Prestone.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Meghalaya High Court today directed the State Government to implement a Monitoring and Checking System to ensure that all goods vehicles comply with the rules and regulations. the burden is beyond the limit.
It also depends on the victory of Garo Hills and what kind of government will come after the 2023 elections.
He said that the preparations for the tournament have been going on smoothly and there are three courts and the preparation of the stadium has been going well because in the past years when Looking at the condition of the stadium, it has been very disappointing due to the lack of electricity and other facilities.
Pawar reportedly fell ill while on his way to hospital. Media reports said that his legs had been covered, but the effects of the disease have not been confirmed. Breach Candy doctors will soon decide after examining what Pawar will have to undergo treatment.
Kong Lyngdoh also admitted that she has proper documents to prove her ownership of the land and for this reason they have protested against the government's violation of their rights. their.
It is a fact that for more than 50 years, the pyrla or the tarujur has not reached the A'chiks.
Dr. Ricky said that this is the beginning of a new journey, so the people should join the VPP party. from one place to another and we will not rest until that foundation of the party has been established and longdoh longsnam in the children of our beloved country.
“The EC should submit a report on the status of the bill so that the committee can be formed.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order to open on 31st October 2020 from 9 am to 5 pm.
The MPCC President said that under this government, contract works have been awarded to only one or two households in the state and the allocation of funds has not benefited the people.
The meeting was attended by BJP Meghalaya MLA JA Lyngdoh, former MLA Sing Mulieh, Jowai North MDC Marki Mulieh. along with other BJP leaders and office bearers in Meghalaya.
Then followed the march of groups of people, vintage cars and Royal Enfield Bikes from Ladthalaboh to Jerusalem.
He also stressed that the authorities of the CM can provide assistance if there is the cooperation of all the people from the state to the people.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson also acknowledged the Iranian shooting of the plane.
These show an understanding of India's rights and a firm stand to protect them.
He said that the soldiers who come here are only those who are on leave and who come to continue their work.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Lasting Lamin said that the drivers together with some volunteers have come out to repair themselves as the road has been badly damaged and has affected the traffic. many people come to visit the village which is famous for its tourism.
Unfortunately, the meter readers will be dismissed because the electricity bill has been paid like a mobile phone.
On the 10th of November, there was a price hike for Eugene Lyngdoh from T.27 lakh tyngka. Hrithik Roshan has surpassed others by Rs 1.5 crore.
The HNYF leaders, including Marcus Marten, President HNYF, NR, Donroy Kshiar and others, said that these people should be arrested immediately and punished according to the law. The HNYF leaders in Ri Bhoi, said that it is the responsibility of the state government to arrest them, because they have insulted the Khasi people and They have spoken against the leader of the Khasi Students Union.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram will hold a prayer and thanksgiving ceremony at Krem Maw Jymbuin on the 15th of November. that day, that no man may come and destroy it.
Here we understand that the British as the rulers of the country have used the divide and imperi policy and it is through this policy of national division that they have tried to mislead us the children of the British. u Hynniewtrep and especially in those places where they can rule has introduced this evil way of thinking and it has been seen that until now there are still some who do not understand that we are one Khasi people in front of the country. Indian buyer.
He wrapped and tied the pig’s legs.
Poverty is not only for the stomach, but also for the body and soul, health and in all aspects,” he said.
Three Myanmar policemen, who are policemen of that country, are currently in hiding in Mizoram.
Services vs Jharkhand.
The water flowed steadily, and Naomi taught Ruth to go to the festival and to dress in clean, clean clothes and perfume.
We are not surprised that from time to time they continue to deceive and call us the people who are ignorant of the truth but they show or bring it through those openness and life. Our value through those two roads to achieve what they want outside, by saying that they will provide those works to improve our traffic, phewse, outside so that the traffic will be smooth. kit you bah to happy you no re you no?.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he will convene a meeting to discuss whether this news is true or not.
This has raised the question among the people whether the cleaning of the Umkhrah River conducted by the KHADC has not been successful.
He said that the purpose of the Kaksha project is to promote literacy and at the same time to introduce a new teaching methodology with different teaching methods to attract the students. The program was attended by 250 children and one teacher from Rymbai Presbyterian Upper Primary School.
Urging the public not to panic, the Minister urged the public to take precautionary measures against this disease which spreads through the skin of the pyrjong. disease that affects people.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat on Friday issued an order under Section 144 CrPC banning vehicles carrying excessive limits and ordering them to comply with the rules and regulations.
The farmers received more detailed information about the BJP land scheme led by the Central Government, schemes that benefit the agriculture of the people of Meghalaya.
For those living in East Khasi Hills District, screening centers have been set up at Polo Ground, Shillong.
The MFA officials also distributed prizes to the teams that reached the final, where Seven United received a trophy and 50,000 tyngka, while Lumsohkhlur received a trophy and thousand rupees.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the dorbar, Shylla said that the reason why he supported the EC of Pynshngaiñ is because he will soon leave the UDP party. He will soon join the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and contest the 2018 MLA elections.
During this planting season, the department will distribute about 6 lakh seedlings to strawberry farmers in Garo and Khasi Hills, ie about 500 farmers.
However, they are grateful and thankful to God that there has been no tragic incident to the brothers and sisters who used to come to pray in the church,” he said.
Marsien came home and sat down on the ground.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Sangma encouraged the teachers and praised the teachers who have served under the umbrella of MUPSTA for 30 years.
The Minister also inaugurated the newly constructed offices of the Weavers Service Centers (WSC) in Indore, Madhya Pradesh and Kannur, Kerala.
Speaking to reporters, Vice President of KACC Bah Tyllang Thongni said that the allegation by the CEm of KACC is to create ethnic differences between the Khasi-Pnar and Karbi which could lead to bloodshed. He said that the party strongly rejects and condemns this statement of the CEM of KAAC and said that this statement is an incitement to discriminate between the Khasi and Karbi. The law on the land of the people involved in crossing the border into Meghalaya will lead to bloodshed between the Khasi and Karbi and it is for this reason that the state government should also take action to talk to the Assam government. .
“According to the article published by Rev. NS Phawa or the KJPA, it is clear that it is necessary to register the marriage according to the law,” said Bah Michael.
However, it is pleasing that the state government, even the Indian government, has heard that the people and civil society organizations in Meghalaya are opposed to the railway line to Khasi-Jaintia. Frontier Railway, has recently expressed its hope that the railway will not reach Meghalaya, because there are those who want, there are those who don't understand, there are those who understand, but there are those who want to benefit. There are those who don't understand well, who just obey what the leaders say.
The meeting was held after the signing of the first phase of the border settlement agreement between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma in the presence of Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs. Government of India on October 29,
I and my sister, Mary, have taken a different path and are like the 'ABBA' singers who are more beautiful and rare to find, and the songs are more touching to those who for'.
The second goal for Nongrum was scored by the PFR goalkeeper.
U Ma Harpidiyou Suiam , Secretary Election Committee.
In a meeting with the Doctor incharge, the union said that the people of the area are willing to upgrade the PHC Namdong to a Community Health Center which will bring them many benefits. The residents of this area are not only Namdong, but also the neighboring villages and the border areas.
Allya BMC of SSA said that the schools receive assistance from the SSA according to the number of students enrolled in classes VI, VII, VIII if there are more than 105 students. Each school will receive one teacher and an Additional Classroom of T.6 lakh, while more than 60 students will receive one teacher and an Additional Classroom of T.2 lakh or more.
“The speech of the Minister of Education is only a joke because the work shows that the job seekers are giving us a lot of support,” he said.
Defenders: Kynsailang Khongsit (Meghalaya), Allen Camper Lyngdoh Nongbri (Meghalaya) Novin Gurung (Sikkim), Aibankupar Dohling (Meghalaya), Habymmutshuh Nongrum (Meghalaya), Kenstar Kharshong (Meghalaya), Rakesh Pradhan (Assam), Naoroibam Romen Singh (Manipur ).
Tourism is one of the main sources of income and programs of our State Government.
“The total number of pilgrims who have taken part in the Darshan since the beginning of the Yatra has reached
The prizes were awarded by Rangbah RHDkhar, Secretary of the Governing Body of the college and at the same time as the chief guest.
The Meghalaya High Court on 4th March 2023 has ordered the foreigners to appeal to the KHADC. Therefore, before foreigners apply for trading licence, the union has urged the KHADC through the CEM not to issue them without first receiving the NoC from the Village Authorities of Sohra.
Shillong: U Latiplang Kharkongor, 33, of Meghalaya, has filed a complaint against the AR in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). He has been missing since 8th June 2020 from Wahiajer village in Bihar.
In the field we have slept, Aidi esti we have sdien, Mama is clearly watching matsuh, Singleness will be destroyed.
Therefore, the KSU urges the SDSEO to take action to suspend the Assembly in schools as this could affect the health of the students.
According to police sources, Ri-Bhoi Police have arrested a woman from Nagaland with the intention of smuggling drugs to Shillong. , police conducted a search operation at Byrnihat and at 4:45 pm police seized a taxi suspected to be occupied by the woman.
In a petition sent to the Prime Minister, the 10 MLAs demanded that the Prime Minister should intervene himself in order to bring peace in the state.
In these two rituals, the phang neiñ has won and it is believed that the crops will be good for the phangñein.
Josper S Dura (Taken from the magazine 'KA PANSARA' of previous years published by (L) Ma Justman Kharmih, Jaintia Hills, Jowai).
Let us see why God does not answer prayers. According to God's Word, we know that there are reasons why God does not hear or answer when people pray.
The Supreme Court today directed the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) to investigate the corruption of the Director of CBI. completed the investigation against Verma and Rakesh Asthana, Deputy Director, within two months.
When trying to talk to some of the elders about how they have benefited from the Eco-Friendly Crematorium in their Raij, they said that in the past there were many deaths in the Raij. In order to perform the ritual of death and cleanse the body in the crematorium, they have to cut down and cut down many tree trunks but now since Mr. Kambell has launched an eco-friendly crematorium, With the passage of time, the cutting down of trees is no longer available and also for the purpose of performing the funeral ritual or cleansing the body in the syiending they can use only a few small trees which have been prepared in advance. .
In 8:1-15 the cockroaches were sent until they tore the dishes and beds.
After this, on November 6, this person called me and said that this song has arrived in my name and I have paid T.35,000 as tax to get it, " complained the woman, according to police.
On this occasion, the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement and STIEH also took part in the wreath laying ceremony called by HITO. The World White Cane Day is celebrated by the United Nations to recognize people with visual impairments and blindness.
In another drug raid conducted in Bishnupur District, the state police in collaboration with the All Manipur United Clubs' Organization (AMUCO) have arrested 35 persons. drug users from North AOC, Imphal (27) and Tronglaobi (8).
Meanwhile, Prof Kma said that the VC's speech is full of “deception” that he has misled the founders of the university and the public that the JAC can also go. The Meghalaya High Court has been approached for comment on this issue.
The scheme will last for seven years and was implemented in 2010 with the allocation of T.87.16 crore by the Planning Commission for the development of the Sohra area.
This Act applies to those children who are in violation of the Act and also to those children who need care and protection by providing the necessities in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
Finally, for me personally, I am sorry and sad because Bah Shylla is no longer among us.
In another match, Holland beat USA 3-1. Memphis Depay scored in the 10th minute and Daley Blind in the 46th minute. Denzel Dumfries scored in the 86th minute, while Haji Wright scored for the USA in the 76th minute.
Other parties (Ba) H.S.P.D.P.– Ha Sla Phi Don Para Imat these don't have a clear goal for the people b) U.D.P.– Um Dum Para They are just like commodities wherever the owner leads.
Not only that, it is also up to the State Government to allow engineers and contractors to work on roads, teachers and students to start their own businesses. Then the coal traders, the miners, to start their work and the farmers, the contractors, to continue their own work and these should go by the understanding and the laws of the government, to protect from the current pandemic or from other diseases.
However, due to the 2018 election, Dr. Sangma has shifted it from Wapung to Lumshnong.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of the Seiñ Kyntu, S.Sari.
There are two levels of allopathic hospitals: one is Full NABH, which includes specialty and tertiary care hospitals, and the other is The Entry-level NABH, which looks after smaller hospitals that do not have the requirements to meet the Full NABH status. that it results in quality care and safety for those being treated.
They and their leaders are fighting to protect their interests and I want our people and our leaders to protect the interests of our Khasi-Jaintia people in the same way.
Please be informed to all Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people that in the Notification May 27, 1980, a Competent Authority was established to approve or approve the sale and purchase of land between the Owner and the and Mynder was cut off.
However, I don't want to talk too much about it but let the law go its own way,” he said.
On 25th June 2023, another meeting was held between NEHU, Principals and the State Government at the State Convention Centre.
Shillong: Police have stepped up their patrols in the Khyndailad area to take action against prostitutes, as their act of attracting people, is not only illegal, but also brings them. panic.
After seeing the incident and the explanation of the son and Maheh of what happened last night, Bah Shanbor as the Rangbah Shnong and three other witnesses were shocked. thank you for the efforts of Bah Let and his family.
Explaining on the decision, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Hek said that from the 28th of this month, 15% of the vehicles will be allowed to operate. Taxis and Autorickshaws in Shillong.
“While the promise of AITC to provide financial assistance is nothing but a credit card, the NPP said that many of the people of Meghalaya have already rejected it. and accept that these programs are merely false promises.
The committee has been directed to send its report to the National President of the party as soon as possible.
“As it appears in the elections in Delhi, the people have longed for change and change comes from the people,” he said.
This time, the struggle in the Nongkrem constituency will be very interesting to watch because the struggle is between the rich.
On the police side, a special cyber cell headed by the AG or SP has been set up to monitor the use of social media and the information spread on social media.
Bah Vincent had to speak first at the meeting as he had to return to Shillong to take part in the meeting to discuss the burning of churches in Manipur.
Therefore, any words brought by the Dkhar Bengali who has been influenced by his cunning methods of attack should be removed.
His wife was surprised and asked, “Where is your father? You are so young now...” “I'm going to need my mother and friends...” He replied, “Oh, I'll come quickly...” She said. “Yes, it's not long.
When we started writing, many of our Khasi scholars passed away.
In this duwan ka dupat, no one thinks about the signs but whatever the Sordar and the elders express their prayers to God, the villagers believe that God accepts them.
“SAP has highlighted our implementation capabilities regarding air quality in Delhi with joint supervision and waste management practices.
However, the Court said that no matter how many coal mines there are, the State must stand by the figure given to Justice Katakey and as set out in paragraph 3.5 of the interim report.
The BJYM Meghalaya strongly condemns Sidhu's insult to the country, the army and the defenders of the country, said BJYM Meghalaya President Egenstar Kurkalang in a statement.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma in Shillong amidst a beautiful performance by the well-prepared people.
However, what the people outside the constituency are talking about is not about the candidate who will win, but about the campaign.
He also alleged that there is a fish pond in Maikhuli which is not in conflict with Assam but has been handed over to Assam.
The CEM and EM left Shillong on the 25th and returned from Delhi on the 27th July, 2015. However, the RTI reply said that that it was a meeting of FOCUSS members with central government officials.
We don't want to overthrow Bah Ardent, but we want to work together with pleasure”.
During the meeting with the AAP chief, people from all over the state came to listen to the party's principles and management and decided to form the party.
The loss of Sohpieng, Ryngud in WahRew because during these years Bangladesh fell under the rule of Pakistan there was a war to unite Bangladesh with Pakistan with the help of Indira Gandhi. The Prime Minister of India has invited Pakistan to protect Bangladesh.
With this in mind, you have to score 10 points.
The Rangbah Shnong of Langkyrding Mihngi, Dr. B. Basaïawmoit, said that in fact, the Army has received a plot of land at Shilliang Umkhen but they are still waiting for the NOC from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council (KHADC).
Therefore, in this regard, the union has demanded and at the same time requested the jio company and the relevant authorities, to please improve its services so that the people can use properly or Nongstoiñ: The Special Judge POCSO Court West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday sentenced the S. Shadap President and NL Talang General Secretary of SBYWA. A man who raped his own daughter has been sentenced to imprisonment for up to 3 years, 5 months and 26 days with a fine of T.10,0
The report also said that although South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills have not witnessed a single conviction due to the fact that there is no Special Public Prosecutor (SPP) to hear all the cases. they remained in the district courts.
To improve the efficiency, the EM said that preparations are now underway to pay by challan to the banks to avoid any errors and fraud.
The statement said that they are surprised that on 12th November 2023, NEHU has issued an order to implement the NEP in colleges from
It is learned that in this incident, the robbers forced the driver to phone the owner of the vehicle to pay the jhur.
Gradually their eyes widened and suddenly he fell asleep.
It is worth mentioning that the decision of the Minister came a few days after a group of church leaders held a special prayer against the bill. It will affect the whole society.
It is seen that the road from Barik to Laitumkhrah is the most trafficked road.
Why do I still have to wear a mask after being vaccinated against Covid 19? 8.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari said that Apot durim has become the mainstay of the durim industry in the region and perhaps in India.
This is just politics.
They said that the party will not allow this empty camp to stand in Ri-Bhoi and the party will hold strong protests if the government ignores the requests and feelings of the people of the area. Ri-Bhoi, everyone added.
On Friday, there were 6,573 cases and 74 deaths.
Explaining about the delay in the working methods of the legislature in terms of release of funds, Bah Teiñwell suggested that there should be another Drawing and Disbursing Officer (DDO) to oversee the work of the legislature.
When the Lord Jesus establishes that Kingdom here on earth, the growth of His kingdom and peace will never end on the throne of David and on His Kingdom to establish it and to support it. with judgment and with righteousness from henceforth even for ever" Isaiah 9:7
However, there are those who say that the victory will go to Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri, on the grounds that she is a sitting MDC, she will get more women votes, she has done many development works in her own country. and joined the INC led by Rahul Gandhi as its president.
Nongpoh: At 12:00 pm this morning, robbers have robbed a house in Umling village and in this incident, these robbers have robbed a house in Umling village. They have stolen a Maruti 800 number WB-24-C-5699 from T.25,000 and besides that, they have stolen a Maruti 800 number WB-24-C-5 the owner of the house puts it in the yard.
On Thursday 8th June 2013, there was a welcome service for the Members and Delegates, a welcome service at 7 pm with a speech by Rev.K.Dkhar on the topic “Kaaiineh in Christ” (John 15:4).
Child Safety Week is a nationwide campaign from 14th to 20th November to raise awareness of the need for child safety. child, through interviews and festivals.
Others who were present included Bah RB Sahdap, President of Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah RR Makdoh, Adviser, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of RBYF, Bah Rocky Marweiñ, Rangbah Shnong of Ri Bhoi Dorbar. Umsning Proper-B and others are the elderly.
The meeting was conducted by Rimiki Lathong and was explained by experts including District Resource Person (DRP) Kynsaibor Kharkongor, Zonal Supervisor Dauni Wanemi Sutnga. On this occasion, the Mobile ICTC (Integrated Counseling and Testing Center), Civil Hospital Ialong also conducted a test for several residents who came forward.
Neiphiu Rio, Chief Minister of Nagaland, who was also the Chairman of the Committee, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya and other Ministers in charge of electricity from other states, at the meeting. Through this meeting, they discussed many issues and especially the development of electricity generation in the North Eastern States.
Archbishop Dominic Jala was arrested on March 10 while driving in Colusa County, Oakland, California.
No.448 of 2018 In reference to WP(C).
Shillong, July 10: The Minister of Border Areas Development, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today admitted that the files have been lost from the Secretariat of the department.
And the name Jesus is the name above all names.
This is the first time that any organization and even the government has given a gift to the media on the Day of Remembrance of Journalists in the state.
Later, Musk, who is about to turn 52, wrote back: “I used to like to act in this character, which I call 'The Walrus,' where I talk nonsense and don't do anything. ".
Although India were expected to play well, it turned out to be a turning point.
The report said the MLAs had tried to knock on the door of the AICC including President Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi to open the way for them to overthrow Mukul Sangma.
In the midst of the joy and cheer of the UDP supporters while they were singing and shouting the victory slogan of their candidate, suddenly a voice shouted “Ha u prah” just to convince the UDP supporters. The IGP, along with other supporters who were waiting outside the polling station at the State Central Library, lined up for 10 days. The supporters happily phoned people to inform them that the UDP has won.
He said that they have lodged a complaint with the DC Nongpoh and she has taken action by calling for a meeting to discuss the matter. iaki you that work.
This will also apply to other Raids and Hima which the Railway wants land.
In this incident, Hilsyntimery Marwein lost her life, while the two daughters of Hilsyntimery, escaped any tragedy as they were in karma sleep and so did Bah Arjun Myrtong. 26 years old left home to go to the street.
Today, it is also the first time, that the electricity demand has reached 8,300 mega watts.
The Minister concluded by saying that he is confident that Meghalaya will be a leader for other states in the North East through various projects in various fields and that it will be able to achieve its vision. Myntri Rangbah Duh said that this region will be the center of economic development of the country.
He hoped that the participation of the students in this Inter School Athletic Meet will be of great benefit to them in their lives as students so that they can focus on sports.
Aashish K Lohar took six wickets for 38 runs while Gaurav J Thakuria took two wickets for 29 runs.
In the match between West Madan Mustem and Pynthorlangteiñ, Pynthorlangteiñ won 2-1
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the number of confirmed cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya has risen to
The party also promised to launch the Meghalaya Road Maintenance and Upgradation Program to improve the roads according to the times so that traffic jam can be reduced.
About 200 Chinese troops have entered the state, or along the Line of Actual Control (LAC), India Today reported.
The road is not easy for them to walk on their way and on their way back.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Development Forum (MLMDF) on Tuesday approved its charter. In the presence of Dr Rajdip Roy MP Silchar and Chairman Shiladitya Deb.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said in the House today that it is necessary to bring in the owners of parks to provide training on this policy and to explain to the people. The Meghalaya Mines and Mineral Policy 2012 has not yet been implemented.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that according to the rules, Meghalayan Age Ltd has been set up and registered as a company according to the rules of law. they are government agencies themselves.
“Criticizing the working methods of the MDA Government, Bah Lanong, who was the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said, according to estimates, it will be only 25%.
On this occasion, the members of the HNPF also had the opportunity to play with these children by singing carols, Christmas songs and other games.
That Bah Hek has already approved the names of me and Bah Kharkrang in the DO letter for appointment and the letter has been sent to the Prime Minister.
Nongstoiñ: Five mothers and children have lost their lives after eating a wild tit.
The celebration was attended by Bah AL Kek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, who was also the chief guest. W Chyne, MLA of the constituency who is also the chief guest, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State who is also the former MLA of the constituency and also the special guest who was also invited, Bah J.Tynsong. MDC, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal, DM&HO, Dr RM Lamare, EL Warjri, BDO Khad-ar Shnong – Laitkroh C&RD Block, other government officials, doctors and others. staff of the PHC and the public who came to take part.
Looking ahead, New Shillong will be one of the headquarters of central government offices, companies, and various groups that are not from this area.
He said that it was through Bah Charles Pyngrope, MLA from Nongthymmai Constituency, who introduced this Phase-1 in Nongrah.
He said there was no discussion to remove or promote anyone but to work and take responsibility.
I shall not comment on this Order of the Court, or the subsequent Order on the PIL relating to the preparation of the Roster.
Many of the MLAs of Meghalaya attended the training conducted by one of the departments of the Parliament of India.
Some of the youths have also gone to the police department to ask for clarification in this regard after they were surprised that their names did not appear in the results of the police jobs announced recently. Even after receiving higher marks than those who nominated for the Personal Interview for the post of Driver Constable, the police department has said that they will issue a written notice, but till now they have not received any. written request from the police department regarding their arrest and to get full clarification.
Therefore, people have more opportunities to stay in this area because it is more quiet.
Anyone who has seen or has any information about this child is kindly requested to call the following numbers: 9615463764/9
“The Modi government came to power because the BJP raised the issue of economic development and income growth.
On the other hand, the AHOR office bearers also announced the cash prize of 2 lakh 30 thousand tyngka along with trophies for the winners of various categories.
It is on this basis that the rest of the Bangladeshis may have taken advantage of the opportunity to steal and rob to commit crimes against the society of the region as a whole.
The inspection was led by General Bah Donlang Nongbri together with Assistant General Secretary Bah Tyllibor Swer. write down whether the documents they have to provide are sufficient.
“It doesn't matter whether we have differences in religion, district, way of life, but the KSU is one of the visionaries to show the unity of the jaidbynriew” , he said.
The Kur Lyngdoh Nongrim-Nongladaw welcomed the guests, the Phangpdeng Kur Makhroh, the Rynghang Kur, the Sangot gave a short story and blessed the guests. by the former Priest Poulstar Lyngdoh, and by the new Priest Melycour Lyngdoh.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 4,3
A source received by the JHADC through the Meghalaya District Council Affairs Department in the past few days said that the Governor has accepted their request.
A sign of the best relations between India and the US is that Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his address to the US Congress said that India is now not only a major partner. but the US in trade but defense cooperation shows a trusting relationship.
The match will be played between Ladthadlaboh and Niaw Wasa at 1:30 PM. Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District Jagpal Singh Dhanoa on the second day as the chief guest inaugurated the department. JS Fitness Center (Gymnasium) in Moowakhu, Dkhiah West, East Jaintia Hills District.
It is learned that it has been agreed to reach an agreement on seven out of 12 border areas between the two states.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) on 17th June, 2023 released its manifesto for the 2023 to 2028 terms.
He expressed his concern that the youth are losing their way in society and therefore there is a need for a training center for the youth to become the stars of the country.
The petrol bomb blast in Shillong has continued and within a month a police vehicle accompanied by the Director of NEEPCO has been witnessed to have blasted a petrol bomb at Mawlai Police Station on the evening of Demthring and this morning a petrol bomb exploded at the residence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
In the match between Mynthong and Khimusniang, Mynthong beat Khimusniang 4-0
I was relieved and pleased to listen to the speeches of the Ministers on the Independence and Republic Days.
He said that his speech should not mention any news sources, but should bring clarity to the people.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by KHNAM MDC from Mawkhar, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit who urged the youth of KHNAM to be responsible for the cause.
According to the Constitution of the Hynniewtrep people, no person in charge of the Raid or the Hima is called President or Secretary but only the leaders of the political parties can be called President or Secretary.
Shillong, June 11: A senior member of the GNLA, who is also the General Camp Commander, has fled the party and surrendered before the Superintendent of Police of East Garo Hills. in the presence of religious leaders.
No child wanted to attend the newly opened and unrecognized school.
Mawryngkneng, June 23: The KSU Mawryngkneng Circle, after receiving accurate information about the number of foreigners without permits and work permits who came to work at Mawryngkdang Mawkhanu Toll Gate, has informed and sent a letter to the Mawkhanu Toll Gate. The Labor Inspector of Mawryngkneng C&RD Block has written a letter to the Labor Inspector of Mawryngkneng C&RD Block to conduct a search at the toll gate.
(4) Like other apps, enter the name of the place you want to send to.
Up to 25 acres of land is required by the Government for the construction of the new jail.
Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM), from the Central Body, including President Loris Dohtdong, Vice President P.Nongphlang, General Secretary K. Rangjem, Coming Soon Dkhar President East JH and others, On Saturday, they visited Deiñler village in Block-I of Labang Nongphyllut Elaka to listen to the problems faced by the residents of this area.
Ryntathiang said the tablet does not have a SIM card slot.
As can be seen now, the attendance at schools is no longer meaningful when the schools send to bring these books which most of the poor households cannot afford.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 13: “The protest of the people of Assam living in the border villages to demand the government to strengthen the security forces to prevent the attack by the police in Assam will not go anywhere “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah T. Marweiñ.
East Khasi Hills has 81 new cases while West Khasi Hills has 133 new cases.
Order: – His Excellency the Agent of the Nongmynsaw state grown Representative Rajapara the petitions after full consideration on the grown that of Boko Syiemship Muskar Hills and Council and Synthe river down to Lejedubi to Gegang River to Abhiram down to Mrek River to Siangra Village down to Sumuria Village to Brahmaputra down to Chanmary Guahati upto Khanapara Mylliem State to Nonmati upto Ranigoan Village near Nongspung state Nongkhlaw, Rambrai state over was a state it caused to be so when the Office of the Syiem fell into abeyance about sixty years ago.
According to the figures, in the month of November this year, the BDO of Mylliem C&RD Block had distributed work orders to 123 poor households and all of them are now facing the same problem.
East Khasi Hills has no new cases of corona virus.
Bah John Kharshiing, today, visited Mawdem area and had to stop his car at Warmawsaw and the village authorities had to come with a 4wheel village ambulance, because the road was very bad.
He also believes that his path in the upcoming elections will be through the strengthening of his soul, that the principles he has prepared well, have been rejected from the beginning. until the end.
The Bill is biased, because the government employees who have come to stay, are exempt from the implementation of this Bill and on our part, we cannot accept it at all.
Another earthquake has affected QC Springside SS School in the same village.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Samkhamti Independence Cup will be held again next month.
Shillong, November 11: On the 9th of November, 2013, Mewanhi Tang, a Home Guard Police Officer who was posted to Phramer in the Traffic Department of the Police Traffic Department, lodged a complaint that on that day while the police were on duty. Three coal trucks (ML-04B-3783, ML-04A-8149 and ML-04-9849) fled the scene at Shangpung, Phramer.
They claim that their religion is the only good and righteous one.
Shillong, June 23: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Riji on Friday visited Shillong to observe the curfew called by the HN LC against the curfew called by the HN LC. BJP President Amit Shah.
Police have registered a case under Case No.274(10)2023 u/s 325/341/506/34 IPC. He was arrested on 5th March and brought before the Court after police custody.
Each truck has to pay about 50,000 thousand tyngka to transport the coal.
Macdonald Kharbuki of Marbisu was named Man of the Match.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday issued a notice that the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, as amended by the Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Act, dead or seriously injured from collisions with vehicles that did not catch up or stop.
“We don't want to know the steps taken by the government on the recommendations we have sent,” said Bah Khyriem.
It was witnessed that the teams of Mawlai were happy after winning this big title for the women but it was sad to see that the girls of Laitkor were crying. for the loss of this privilege for the second time.
Sokon listened carefully to the story of the sahep without telling or revealing it to his wife.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few months, there have been complaints from the Sengbhalang that there is a lack of teachers in government schools in the rural areas.
New Delhi : The number of vaccinations against the COVID-19 virus has reached 185.18 crore so far on Tuesday.
“The JNC wants to ask if the Government has billions of rupees to build a railway line,” said Bah Lyngdoh. Why can't the Government bring in the College? Two Residential Schools in the district have been abandoned.
Once the traditional thought according to the traditional beliefs of the nation has been lost, it is very difficult to understand.
Regarding the search for land by the BSF through their agents, he said that the area is peaceful and there is no need for the BSF to search for land there. The BSF's land search is only a trick to detain the people and companies who go to mine uranium.
This will bring beauty and brightness as a blessing to Mother Earth and the sky as well.
The second quarterfinal will be played tomorrow between Lutituber Ialong and Kseh Sylle Ialong.
Yadav said the farmers in Meghalaya will benefit if the FCI builds a cold storage so that they can temporarily store their produce.
This happened after a complaint was received on the 15th of this month at Mawngap PS that an RS 200 motorcycle No.ML-05-P-6045 was stolen from Mawngap PS. A case has been registered in Mylliem.
How much more painful it would be if banks would increase the amount of money to the farmers, many of whom would misuse this opportunity.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Roykupar Synrem, on the demands of the HYC, the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the recognition of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit. He said that the ILP and the recognition of the Khasi language in the 5th Schedule of India are the issues at the forefront of the HYC. The HYC stands to protect, preserve and develop, especially to fight without hesitation for the unique issues of the jaitbynriew,” he said.
Shillong, July 19: Two UDP MDCs, HS Shylla from Nongkrem and Arbinus from Umroi, have not been included in the list of UDP MDCs who have left the People's Democratic Forum (PDF).
Regarding the SSLC examination, the school leaders said that the examination should be conducted as scheduled by the Ministry of Education and the Minister will leave to collect the results. The review meeting will be held in the coming days.
Jowai, Nailur 22: The residents of Mupliang village in West Jaintia Hills have arrested a man for allegedly demanding money from the residents of Mupliang village in West Jaintia Hills.
Police have recovered a Mahindra pick up from Tyrsad village, East Khasi Hills District.
Throughout the Khasi Hills or even in the Jaintia and Garo Hills, the widespread felling of trees means even the trees that are still young and need to grow without thinking about the environment when felling the trees. The soil that holds the roots of the tree is cut off. When it rains, the soil flows down to the river and the water carries away the soil, leaving only the shynrong. maw, bad sah shrah, of course, it cannot be said that there are old trees that have to be cut down because they have fallen, this task should be handed over to the relevant authorities.
This area falls under Mawshynrut constituency and several villages fall under Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The seat of Dr. Mukul Sangma has been shaken and it has been shaken this time, said Congress MLAs.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Energy Generation Corporation Limited (MePGCL) has announced that it will close traffic at the Umïam Damsite from 31st October to 8th June due to the maintenance of the bridge.
On the other hand, the Sohra MLA urged the Chief Minister that before releasing the T.80 crore grant to the MCCL, it should improve the operation of the factory. down well.
He said that the protesters, especially the youth, expressed their anger by burning vehicles and damaging public property and also tried to fight against the police patrolling as part of the protest. condemned the violence of police officials against civilians in the area.
The earthquake was felt in parts of Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and other parts of Meghalaya as well as in Manipur, Nagaland, Mizoram and Tripura.
“If you build any house including a sher dara or a cow shed according to the village administration, you should get an NOC from the village and these believers from the Pentecost Church have not received the NOC. NOC to build a church from the village and unanimously the village authorities have decided to demolish the church on the site which is within the boundary of the village.
Remember, if we continue to allow the NPP, the time will come when even to sell waidong in Nongstoiñ market, we will have to get permission from the high levels,” he said. “If the people agree, we will warn the NPP-led government. Only the Congress has the power to warn the NPP and we will confirm this on the 2nd of October 2023,” he said. said further.
He said that during the meeting with the HYC, the Executive Engineer promised to look into these issues and to improve the bridge and the road as soon as possible. you'll be able to do it quickly.
RJ Musical Wonders would like to invite you all to subscribe to our Youtube Channel: RJ Musical Wonders. The Official Music Video will be released on the day of its release.
One day, the earth will be destroyed by the most terrible wars after Satan Lucifer is cast down to this earth.
Otherwise, the establishment of the District Council will be a sham without authority, without intelligence, without strength and power and if so, the future generation will be destroyed. immediately establish the District Council and revive the Syiemship in this country.
To love or develop the nation depends on us individually how we develop the society to work voluntarily for the people for the poor, the suffering and the children and to develop the needy.
“The independent investigation is to find out whether the allegations against the Governor are true or false,” the newspaper said.
“The questions we would like to ask the Minister of Home Affairs is whether the State Government is still more concerned about the polluting factories or the border with the Hynniewtrep people living on the border? Why have only 10-15 Police personnel been deployed in Khanduli Sector but 50-60 Police personnel to protect the polluting factories? Why have the police been ordered to use tear gas, to bomb the people, to touch the hands of the women while the police at the border have not been ordered to use them? The HYC has asked the HYC that the Government and the Police have not been able to protect the border or to fire tear gas at those Karbi who entered the State border in Lapangap. they must answer for these events.
Rida, on the other hand, turned her attention to her future life.
The ceremony was held at Infinity Conference Hall, Mooralong in the presence of Dr. P. Nongtdu, Principal, Rtn.
The HNLC stands by its decision that the curfew will be in force from 13th July 2014 at 6 pm and will end on 15th July 2014 at 6 pm. evening.
On the same day, the South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association (SWKHDSA) in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District (SWKHDSA) has organized the 5th Annual Swimming Competition The tournament was held at Phot Umnew.
Payal's husband, Dr Salman, also lodged a complaint against her husband and was transferred to another department, but after two months, when she was sent back to the hospital, the same branch, there, they spoke of it very much.
The enthusiasm of those leading the state government can be understood from the fact that they have brought together all the ethnic parties and private members for the sake of stabilizing the government without too much fighting if they sit in the opposition.
Shillong: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with NESFAS has implemented a project to educate the community on the importance of eating healthy foods. which keeps the traditional food alive and invigorated.
The residents of West Khasi Hills have complained about the excessive price of baikali in these days.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 827 with eight new deaths on Monday.
Nongpoh: The Lawei Phyrnai Organization, Ri Bhoi District, has decided to hold a traditional food and clothing festival on the 1st of June at the NSCA Ground, Pahamsyiem Mini Stadium, Nongpoh.
“Illegal activities have happened so far because of the involvement of people in power and this act cannot be used only by mowkhiew or belsha but by the authorities, so why do the people who hold the “Our state is not so big and many districts have been created to have many officers who have eyes and ears to see,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma. “If the government doesn't listen to any illegal activities, these illegal activities will continue,” said Dr Mukul. the coal mining industry to sympathize and punish all those involved.
“The government last year released T.1.6 crore and before that, it released T.1.4 crore for the needs of the Municipal,” she said.
AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi today criticized Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat's statement that there is a rise in violence. "We Muslims use condoms a lot," Owaisi said, adding that the Muslim birth rate has dropped significantly.
“There is an urgent need to pass a law to define the powers and duties of Rangbah Shnong, Nongsynshar Shnong due to the recent decision of the High Court.
He added that he found it difficult to compose lyrics with his sister, Wandashisha.
According to the estimates, the 500 members will be if the Dorbar Shnongs have less members but if they have 10 members from each Dorbar, the attendance is expected to exceed 1,0
The ANVC-B has also alleged that there is no democracy in the state and this allegation is based on the fact that the party has seen the number of people who have supported the ILP demand. at the public meeting on the 30th of this month at Madan Student.
He also congratulated Conrad for his responsibility to the constituency by providing many development projects in the area.
Sohan hid a large amount of items in Durama, which he would sell, when he surrendered later, and then the money, worth billions of rupees, was hidden in a hole in Durama. No one knew about it, except Sohan and his closest family members.
He said that regarding the SSA salary, the state government has not been idle and is always monitoring to ensure the salary and rights of the state government.
As the Khasi people, gold and silver are precious commodities especially when making necklaces and clothes. In English they are called NECKLACE – In Khasi the most precious necklace is the KPIENG. PAILA. The mother used to call her son like my golden paila.
DG (Prison) Prem Singh said police are conducting a thorough search for the escaped member.
However, since 2018, at the second Cabinet meeting, the Muster Roll has taken into consideration the issue of salary on time which is monthly as others and to increase the salary. you salary every year.
For this reason, the people are sorry that they cannot listen to a single voice that is united in the cause of the entire nation of Ri Khasi.
He said that Bah Pynshngain has held a gun as an MLA and MDC but unfortunately he has not known how to use it until MUDA has moved to the 6th Schedule areas.
On the other hand, Conrad may be sworn in as Chief Minister on 7th October in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
But you can regain your joy by finding and reuniting with friends who have been separated for a long time because of personal needs.
I don't pray for this Shot Snaitang, but I pray only for those at home...Amen"
Police also seized T.11,790 thousand.
