The fair was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, A Baranwal as the chief guest. District Project Manager (DPM), NRLM, Bah K Slong, Waheh Shnongs and entrepreneurs from the district.
Furthermore, the Synod said that the UCC will also affect the language spoken in the country because at present besides the language spoken in the country, there are two other languages ​​spoken in the country. Hindi and English.
The KSU has sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong to demand the establishment of a Traffic Branch in the district. However, unfortunately, the government has not done anything in this regard.
Shillong: The State Government has allocated 10 acres of land to the Harijans in Them Iewmawlong.
In other words, the mission of the family in the work of evangelism must be what it is called to be – that is, living everyday life as a Christian family or like John Paul II Bd.
In Shillong, the Inter-College Debate Competition was organized by the NPP Women's Wing and students from St. Anthony's College, Umhyrpi College, Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), Synod College, St Mary's College and Women's College Shillong took part.
Therefore, unity should be brought to get a righteous and fair government in Meghalaya.
They went into hiding in Jammu and Delhi as refugees in their own country.
When asked how he feels if the Rangbah Shnongs of Pynthor-Umkhrah support Pynshngaiñ, he said, “At the time of I have fought against Bah JM Pariat 13 villages where the Rangbah Shnongs support Bah Pariat, then the women's organizations, youth organizations and the KSU also support Bah Pariat but the people gave the vote for me,” said Bah Hek.
In this regard, I as the elected leader of the people, I am very sorry to face these problems but with one voice and with the cooperation I hope that all these will succeed. during these years for the benefit of the community of this area.
On the other hand, the Pastor said that during the synod service, no topic is given to the speakers but the speaker is given the freedom to speak on any topic.
The incident occurred when there was an allegation that Ma Thombor Shiwat was the son of Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar MLA Nartiang. In 2018, he voted against RC Laloo and there was a conflict between the Congress Jowai and Sniaw and this affected Thombor Shiwat.
Expressing that there is an agreement on three issues between the Hima Mylliem, the SMB and the Government, Bah Tynsong said, “There is no payment of money.
The second phase is to build a large dewbilat top and another pump house at the bottom of Mawphlang.
When I visited the Meghalaya House in Kolkata or Delhi, I found that the leaders there were Bengalis or Assamese, not Garo or Khasi-Pnar.
He referred to the announcement of the Government of India in 2020 which has set an MSP of T.200 per ktum for kwai.
Shillong, November 17: The relatives of three persons who were killed in Smit in connection with the Menshohnoh incident have said that the victims will not be able to sleep.
Dr Mukul said that because the government has not been able to convince the people to take the right medicine, it has forced them to take the right medicine. government.
The Chief Minister Special Assistance Scheme 2012 has been implemented by the CDPO offices of different Block. One of the CDPO offices said that it is full of people.
The Chief Minister said that on receipt of this information, the police have decided to continue their investigation and at the same time they have received information that another similar incident will happen again in Shillong. these few days.
Replying to the statement of Joe, in which he supported Lambor Malngiang, Congress candidate from Nongkrem, and in which he accused Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, in supporting Pastor Ardent Basaiawmoit, he said that he supported Lambor Malngiang, Congress candidate from Nongkrem. The MDC (besides being an MLA), replied to the Pastor, “I didn't go to the constituency” and said, “He is just talking, that child”.
It is here that it can affect the prestige/credibility of the MBOSE in front of India as a whole.
She said that she will soon visit Tura Medical College to learn more about the condition and the work that is ongoing.
The VPP also expressed the need to relocate some of the central government offices from the crowded areas in Shillong in order to reduce traffic jam and make it easier for traffic. comes.
He said that the SymphoNE is a great start and promised all those involved that the department will accept the views of all those involved in these activities to achieve the objectives. .
There are 32 MDCs in the KHADC and the names of two independent MDCs, James and Grace, are in both the groups. It is learned that these two persons have not yet informed the PDF that they have left the group.
On the occasion, the SRSRBD leaders, led by Bah BB Makdoh, Chairman of the SRSRBD, in the presence of the DC Ri Bhoi, met with the DC Ri Bhoi. The Union has informed him about the problems faced by the people on these two issues.
Furthermore, the union has also suggested to the Deputy Director on the socially appropriate price which will benefit the people of many churches by increasing the minimum wages of the workers.
At the beginning of the year, the Government has held a Dorbar mang Tyngka which lasts only 10 months while in previous years it used to last 10 months or even 10 months.
Therefore, the public is requested to take this opportunity to call the helpline number as shown below for information and explanation on any issue related to Vaccination to prevent Covid which the people want information or want explanation.
Here in our state, we hear only silence and silence.
Let us work together through love, unity, and understanding without partiality and with kindness.
That is why Daniel said, "God removes kings and sets them up.
In another match, Casper Ruud, who came on the pitch with his victory in Estoril, was defeated by Cerúndolo and was sent off. for the second time in the quarterfinals of the tournament.
According to the Nehru Institute of Mountaineering Uttarkashi, Uttarakhand on Friday, a team of relief workers including NIM, Indian Army, Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP), High Altitude Warfare School (HAWS), Army, State Disaster Response Force (SRDF) and District Administration have recovered 12 bodies from the hill.
Nongpoh, Naitung 31: As part of the joint efforts to curb the use of plastic which not only pollutes the society but also affects the environment, the Nongpoh Town Committee has decided to to cooperate with the District Administration to eradicate the use of plastic in Nongpoh Town and even in the District as a whole.
On the other hand, the KSU demands that for the purpose of investigation, removal and repatriation of all the mynder foreigners who entered the country before 1971, bread to the pictures of the country.
Cyril V Diengdoh, Director of Tourism, who was the chief guest and opened the restaurant, said that when he was SDO Civil in Sohra, there was not a single hotel, but now There are hotels and many homestays that are suitable for accommodation.
Shillong, Naitung 16 : Leaders of the Achik Conscious Crime (GSMC) – Laben Ch Marak and Balkarin Ch Marak – have decided to continue the strike until the Prime Minister. Conrad K Sangma, Governor of Tura, will invite them to discuss the demand for the implementation of the backlog policy and winter capital in Tura.
Lakh for those under 40 years, T.50,000/- for those up to 60 years and T.25,000/- for those over 60 years.
She said that on 18th July 2015 he sent her to his house in Mootyrshiah to check the illness of her son and on the same day he asked for T.1500 (Khatsan). spah tyngka) and after he had looked through the water brought from the house, he told that the illness of his son was too severe and he said that this I cannot do and I have to call u Pa-stad from Assam to cure or cure this disease of his son.
More than 5,000 fans attended the final round at home.
Only Candidates, Counting Agents and 2 other pass holders can enter the polling station.
Even their most important religious dance, “Chomangkan”, was inherited from the Pnars.
Speaking on the occasion, Prof Laloo said that this office was opened for the benefit of the people and to bring better PHE services to the rural people.
The Pastor called on the Presbyterian Church to change their minds and not to associate themselves with the world and not to fight against the law of the Lord.
On this occasion, the winners of the Slogan Writing Competition and Drawing Competition were also awarded to the students who won the World Environment Day on the 5th of this month. July 2023.
“Amit Shah's call is only to deceive us because he has not freed our state from the CAB. Of course we are rich but as long as we have the spirit we will fight to protect the country,” he said. state.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has expressed its satisfaction with the victory of the people in the struggle to persuade the government to appoint an Expert Committee to change the state's employment policy.
The NIA is investigating the case.
The Cabinet also approved the proposal to appoint T. Pyngrope as Secretary of the Meghalaya Dispute Resolution Forum. Among the three who came forward, Bah Pyngrope was appointed to hold this post.
Henderson has made nearly 500 appearances for Liverpool in all competitions.
Speaking on the floods, he said that the NHAI authorities have been asked to improve the water supply system, but this has not been done. They have been talking only during the floods while during the dry season there has been no action to talk about or improve the water supply system.
The meeting was also attended by the Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah I. Lawrniang, MCS and other government officials.
D) in Sociology from the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM) Techno City, Killing Road Baridua, Ri Bhoi District.
“Earlier, the electricity bill was only 2-3 spah but now it has increased to T.15 spah to T.2 thousand,” said Bah Promeyoo Khongjirem.
Shillong: Today, 11th June 2023, at a meeting chaired by the District Authorities, including J.kharpuri Add.
After being explained, many have understood and are now willing to cooperate.
The song was composed by Imonmi Nongtdu and recorded by Lastborn Pdang.
We also remember that Ronghang, regarding the incident in Mukroh, had spoken harshly and insultingly even though he felt that the position he stood on was right.
This was revealed while the Meghalaya High Court was hearing the case between the two cases on Tuesday.
Among those arrested, one of the suspects used to help people cross the border, police said.
The tax on petrol was T.9.48 per liter when the Modi government came to power in 2014 and the tax on diesel was T.3.56 per liter in this year.
Bah Nongrum said there is no better way than the ILP to prevent foreigners from entering the state.
Dr. Lapang at the ceremony said that he will be present to work together for the development of the school and to bring to the government the needs of the school. the school.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) leader Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that there is no agreement that the Lamphang seat will go to the UDP but at the time of forming the government, Dr Donkupar Roy was one of the senior leaders. , said that he is ready to take over the post of Lamphang and all his colleagues in the MDA are happy with this as he is one of the oldest.
Shillong: The construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong Township, Shillong, today said that the construction of the new Legislative Assembly will be completed within the stipulated time.
Alvarez became the 10th player to become European champion with his club and world champion with his country in the same season.
Rumi Lyngdoh scored four goals for Diengshynrum SC to win and qualify for the semi final of the Second Division Football Tournament (EJHDFA).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Vice President of the union, said that the seizure of the vehicle and the arrest of the members was a misunderstanding. The union has already arranged with the owner of Anjalee Petrol Pump, Ramesh Sureta, whom the union has spoken to that the donation will be a kind of donation for the needs of the Anjalee Petrol Pump. establish.
And all their agricultural products, such as rice, livestock such as cattle, pigs, goats, jhur, ryndia and other agricultural products do not go to the Karbi or Assam market.
I believe this is only by the grace of God who has protected His people who welcome the Pastor of the Church into their homes.
He urged those who have a hand in the legislatures to resolve the issues of the people through dialogue and consultation.
Today too, passengers have been affected by traffic jam at Mookyndur just because of the difficulty of trucks to climb the riat at Mookyndur.
When inquired, the residents said that the employees from the block have ordered to take pictures and take them to the office so that they can be sent to the government for assistance.
On the other hand, Bah Grosmobinglan Tympuin, President of the Seng, said that the Seng has met with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) and AI in writing regarding this issue. The DC Supply has sent a letter to the Director School Education and Literacy but the union has not yet received any reply.
There is no constituency where the turnout is 100 percent.
The remains of the deceased were taken to the funeral home in Ialong and the funeral service will be held on the 12th May
He said that although the state has the Benami Transactions Prohibition (Amendment) Bill, 2018, which amends the provisions of the Meghalaya Act No. 24 of 1980) and section 2 (e) and Section 2 (f).
He said that this additional allocation is only for political reasons.
It is worth mentioning that after the introduction of this Act, there has been a lot of opposition from the state.
I never expected that Bah Lambok Thabah, one of the journalists, who has been doing his job well for 25, 26 years, would pass away quickly and that too, without show no signs of your health.
It is worth mentioning that this tournament was held as part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the club which has resumed holding tournaments after a two year hiatus due to Covid-1 .
““The incidents that happened in Shillong are not peaceful and after 10 o'clock the traffic is not peaceful.
Therefore, once again we will think carefully to keep the headquarters as it is now (Saitsohpen), but we will demand that the various offices such as the agriculture offices should be located in areas where there is a lot of farmland. veterinary clinics are available in places where there are no veterinarians and so on.
It is important for families to be vigilant and as parents we need to be vigilant with our children especially in their travel and how to pay for them.
"I will raise this issue and work hard to make it happen, because the leaders don't have time to think about it," he added.
Portugal from the outset pressed into Ghana's goal and scored several goals.
“The MCCL has been facing problems for some time now, and the reason is because it cannot produce dewbilat,” said the Chief Minister after the Cabinet meeting today.
“I have examined three witnesses including the Medical Officer who conducted the post mortem, four Police Chiefs.
These are the days when people love themselves and only their own, rather than thinking for others.
Dr Jemino's remarks came after the Meghalaya High Court ordered the deployment of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel to curb the illegal smuggling of coal in the state.
The DGP said that the doctor in charge of the arrested man had said that the man was sick, but he had not received any information whether the doctor had given him medicine or not. that he might drink, he said that after supper he was taken to prison, but he died.
The Empowered Committee headed by the Union Health Secretary in the Central Government and the Principal Secretary, Health/Medical Education in the States will monitor the progress of the work.
The deadline set by the UDP has expired on Tuesday, but Pynshngaiñ has not been able to respond to these issues according to the deadline and has responded in writing to the UDP. 7th to the UDP where he asked for permission and said that these issues will be discussed at the Executive Committee and the PDF meeting to be held on the 16th of this month.
Awesa G Momin took four wickets for the match.
Pershia Phawa and Syrpailin Phawa are the two women, Dr Ryngkat Phawa and Dr Shwameki Phawa are the other two doctors who participated.
Nongpoh: A truck carrying Kyiad, number AS-01-DD-1540, overturned on the NH-6 on Saturday morning at 1 pm. in the village of Mawdiangum in Ri Bhoi.
In their speeches, the Rangbah Shnongs expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the MLA for fulfilling their long-standing dream as many leaders have requested for an ambulance but no one has listened to them. The area has been blessed with the help of the MLA to serve the people who need assistance in the hospital. difficult.
On 30th October 2024, the necessary documents wrapped in plastic will be dropped off.
A few minutes later, youths from Mawlai, members of the KSU and several members of the HYC arrived at the scene and did not allow the policeman to flee. They also showed the video footage of the policeman apologizing to them for saying that he had done something wrong, and shortly after the police received the information, Police of Mawlai PS have arrested the suspect from Banalari World Cars.
New Delhi: The Ministry of Home Affairs of India has announced and extended the curfew across the country, which will continue until 17th June
These shops will have to follow the rules, in which they will employ only half of the employees, they will wear masks and they will have to keep a distance from each other.
On the following day, Saturday, souvenirs were distributed to the Chairman and Secretary of the district and those who have contributed through their work in the district over the years. they went backwards.
After completing his primary education (Class III) in Dulong, he was sent to Marianhill Secondary School and after passing Matric from Marianhill, he dropped out to continue his higher education.
During the inspection, it was found that this petrol shop to supply to the dealers of Nongpoh area for the purpose of distributing ration to the people in the villages, has become a shop that causes danger to the people, because The facility does not have enough facilities to be installed in such a way as to avoid injury in the event of a sudden fire or explosion.
The above Sub Inspectors should not be in their own district if they have served for more than 3 years in the same district and should be transferred.
Rangdajied Sayoo scored the second goal in the 79th minute and Dabiang Law in the 80th and 3rd minutes.
He said the UDP welcomes the decision of the Supreme Court in which it has listened to the complaints of the people across the country and has also sought clarification from the Government of India and expects that the The Supreme Court will decide what the people want.
The main challenges faced by the manufacturers are the implementation of the Goods and Service Tax (GST), the cost of labor and the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday rejected the permission of trucks carrying excessive loads to pass through the Umiam Bridge.
Of course, there are those who do not obey the rules of “the authorities”.
However, as a nation, as it has happened in the past, the time has come again, that the storm that came to blow from across the sea has now once again come to blow again, which If it is not strong from the beginning, it is ready to destroy this nation completely from this face of the earth.
Jowai, November 15: The Mih-Myntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) today inaugurated the Drop in Center for Senior Citizens at MCSWA. Head Office, Faith Academy Campus, Moosalangkat, Salaroh Road, Jowai.
It is the market road, the war road, the Syiem road of the Sutnga people and the whole kingdom to reach the Borghat market, Sylhet market and also the residence of the chiefs in Jaintiapur.
Aaizawl: Today, 10 Mizos were killed in a road accident in Cachar district.
There were therefore with us seven brethren: and the first took a wife, and dying left no seed, and his brother took his wife.
“The police in iong uniform came to search for me but the SP sent an SMS explaining that the police did not come to search or arrest me,” said Wallambok. .
Whoever he is, let him go before God in humility or in pride when he asks, so that that ask may be true.
Now the forests have been cut down and the quarrying has started.
These coal mining factories not only produce lyer bih and pose a threat to human life and the environment, but they are also illegally established without complying with the rules of environmental protection, ie What is more surprising is the claim of some rulers who claim that they have the right to do commercial activities.
Tens of thousands of crores have been taken to improve lines, substations and power stations and then they will be handed over to the companies and this money will have to be paid from the taxes of the people,” he said. .
Nine rots from different parts of Mukhla have arrived at the Seiñraij Mukhla.
The departure of Bah Plielad Tiewsoh after his suspension will not affect the NPP Nongpoh as he has confused many of the party office bearers and who can trust him. After the departure of Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, many friends came to join the NPP especially from Nongpoh.
The meeting was inaugurated by Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya as the chief guest in the presence of Nongpoh MLA, Balajied Ranee, Nongpoh MDC, MB Tongper, ADC. Ri-Bhoi, Bah BB Makdoh President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi, RR Ronghang President of AMKA and others.
Shillong, Lber 19: The composer of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) song Kongdeng Kongnah, Bah Smiling F Mylliemngap, on Tuesday said that the VP has honored him as the composer of the song. Samla Skhem Myrboh, singer of the song, said that the party has given him a great honor which he has never received from other parties.
On the other hand, the Assam government has said that several cases have been registered against the smuggling of coal.
“The UCC affects the culture, language, family, race,” said Martle.
Speaking to media, Bah Donlang Nongbri, said that the lack of issuance of licenses by the shops and the government's lack of attention to enforce them has caused a loss of billions of rupees. revenue per annum which has led to a decline in the government's budget.
They lost in the round of 32 to RBI's Ayhika Mukherjee. Ayhika led by three wickets and needed only two points to win the next match.
The people should know that the common platform of the candidates is 10,000 times more effective than the mastieh in the streets.
They include Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Mahendro Rapsang and Bah Kimfa S. Marbaniang.
Pastor Mohrmen said that the drivers of commercial vehicles are the ones who provide services to the public and to take the passengers to their destination.
Those who apply individually must be over 18 years of age and under 58 years of age. They must have a valid commercial driving licence, ID proof such as Aadhar card. , residence, half-form.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 14: The Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TWWP) has launched a campaign to protect the Amur Falcon and also to develop the area. The two-day festival was held at Madan Tyrso in Ri Bhoi District.
The total number of confirmed cases is 161, of which 104 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Khasi Hills, 29 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 16 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 4 cases in North Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Raj Bhavan, Shillong today celebrated the Constitution Day, also known as 'Samvidhan Divas', as a sign of acceptance of the Constitution Day. The Constitution of India was passed by the Constituent Assembly on 26th November
The reason why he has not received the figures is that he is not in office but now that he has returned, he will provide the figures according to the requirements of the Audit CAG. Justice HS Thangkhiew, after hearing the case of Salgira, which challenged the two notices issued by the Printing and Stationery Department.
According to these residents, when they bring Synsar, they have to pay a fine of T.3000/- to T.5000/- tyngka, just to get home. their.
The government has also allowed the opening of travel agencies and car showrooms.
May God bless these reminders for His own glory ....
Hussain, an MLA from Samaguri in Central Assam, said his wife has also tested positive for the virus.
They drowned while swimming in a pond in the Umtyngngar River.
It would be a blessing if we could stay in Shillong, Meghalaya and we wouldn't have to travel by motor if we need to travel.
We would like to thank all the paradohs living in the border areas who have become the border guards of the nation.
This illegal trade puts the farmers at great risk besides damaging the water, rivers and the environment.
The incident occurred at 6.30 pm last night.
For that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
How can the CEM and EMs of GHADC dare to spend hundreds of crores of public money without the knowledge and understanding of the central leadership of the party? Only those in GHADC can be threatened and threatened by the party leaders.
There has also been a collection of 400 tyngka per truck by the Syiem of Sohra from these trucks carrying coal passing through the Majai Land Custom station.
“The Government has taken steps to bring about change and Meghalaya will grow rapidly in the next 4.5 years,” he added.
Speaking at the ADC meeting, Kong Blah expressed the importance of drinking milk for its health benefits.
The Behdieñklam of the Seiñraij Jowai will be held from 8th to 11th November 2021 and the Seinraij has already prepared the standard operating procedures (SOP) to encourage the public to participate.
The Acts of the Apostles: 4:1
The candidate, who has lived in the United States for 14 years in New York, said he used to travel around the United States and other countries of the world to get information by visiting the villages.
“I don't know, but I think I have to think carefully with everyone and if it is for the benefit of the state I will accept it but if it is not so I am against it,” he said. and Prof. Kma.
As children, remember to listen carefully to the words of your elders because they are wiser than you and you will learn from them.
“Regardless of whether there are leaders who support the KSU or not, the KSU is ready to stand alone on this issue,” he said.
Furthermore, the bus drivers in Tura have clarified that the police will be subject to the rules if the bus overloads.
If he fails to pay the fine, he will have to spend another six months in jail.
The reason is that only the wise do not need to listen to the advice of others.
The election was conducted by the Dorbar Shnong Phramer and the HITO under the leadership of Donbok Dkhar as well as members of the HITO from East and West Jaintia Hills.
However, this agreement will only work if the Pnars are quick to cut down the trees planted on Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor.
The meeting was led by Kong Banalis Syiem, President of the Seng Kmie, who reminded the hundreds of school teachers from all over Ribhoi of the inspiration of Rimai Nangbah. To participate in the Dorbar Ri to fight and liberate the women of the country from the violence by the invading authorities from the West.
The pre-quarter final will start on the 5th of July and the match will be between Risyon FC and Shillong Lajong FC (reserved team) at 2 pm. .
Susan Hopgood, President of the All India Primary Teachers' Federation (AIPTF) Rampal Singh, who passed away recently, was also present on the occasion. The Bus Bharat Yatra will start from all over India from North East, West, North and South India on 5th November, demand the Central Government to re-implement the Old Pension Scheme for Government employees as well as for teachers and to regularize contract teachers in all ways and to improve the salaries of teachers across the country.
Senior officials including KD Kharkongor, District Agriculture Officer, HS Nadon, EE Water Resources, Mawjam Makdoh, Horticulture Development Officer, F. Kharsyntiew, Project Director of ATMA with farmers from 3 C&RD Block in Ri Bhoi.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: The JHADC, despite the shortage of funds from time to time, has appointed 32 posts and 4 posts. Vice Chairman who are also strong supporters of some MDCs. These 32 MDCs have been appointed without any public announcement, and the appointment of 4 Vice Chairman has been appointed. Madonbai Rymbai, Chief Executive Member, has appointed Heihok Suting as Vice Chairman of the Office and paid him. T.50,000 per month.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 25: The Ministry of Education (MoE) has changed the textbooks for school children, which has affected parents to go to the shops to buy books.
Meghalaya scored 204 runs in the second innings while Odisha needed 74 runs to win in 19.4 overs.
Offline registration can be done at the MSOA office at JN Stadium Polo from 1 pm to 6 pm.
The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Titos W Chyne, on Tuesday said that the decision to appoint or remove the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, will depend on the decision of the leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP). The party of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh or the Leader of the State Conrad K Sangma.
On the vacancies in the place of the Garo appointed by the Khasi and in the place of the Khasi appointed by the Garo, they will not discuss this anymore so as not to confuse anyone.
Ardent said that the VPP was established on two principles, namely to bring about clean governance and the strengthening of the ownership of land by the indigenous people.
According to him, the food prepared there will be only from the area and not from abroad.
The Dorbar Shnong has expressed its gratitude to the MLA who has helped to the best of his ability to all the residents of the Constituency especially during this cold season.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The opposition Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) on Monday sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to convene the session urgently.
“And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God...and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
We also pray that the incident in Manipur will end and that peace and order will once again prevail in Manipur,” said the statement.
At the same time, the UDP leader from West Jaintia Hills, also congratulated the office bearers and members of the UDP 5-Sutnga Saipung Block for their hard work and good work for the development of the UDP. The party will not win the upcoming elections.
However, it was not the case with those 5-6 young men.
Dawki, Naiwieng 12: Two days after the BSF held a meeting with the Bangladesh Border Security Force, hundreds of Bangladeshis have climbed to Ghat Um Syiem and Ghat Dawki from Ghat Um Syiem and Ghat Dawki. part of quarrying stone from the rivers.
Police of West Jaintia Hills have conducted such operations in various parts of Jowai, Dawki, Amlarem, Phramer and Ummulong.
ng) In 1974, Sohra was made an administrative unit and in 1982 it received a full-fledged Sub-Division.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Congress MDC from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that when the leaders of Dongkadiang, Lumshyiap and Nongmensong Dorbar Shnong came to him to discuss the issue, It has been difficult to get the houses because he is not the MDC who leads the constituency which includes Nongmensong.
Police seized 300 bottles of beer (195000ml), 605 bottles of 145095ml of kyiad and 340095ml of rum from the shop of Manchester Wankhar in Demseiniong.
When they arrived at the hospital, they learned that the Longkmie was found by the police at a place in Guwahati. They were handed over to the NGO to urge them to take good care of her. When no one came to work, they took her to Golaghat on the 16th to take good care of her.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri also honored two residents of the village, Nancy Sohtuh, ASHA and Hoke Kharumnuid, also known as Padit. You don't have to drive at Mawlai Bus Stand.
If we fail to ensure that farmers get this fertiliser, at a reasonable price and on time, our efforts will be in vain," he said.
The ruling National People's Party (NPP) has decided to nominate candidates from both Shillong and Tura seats for next year's Lok Sabha elections. will still take a decision regarding the candidates who will contest.
Jowai, Nailar 12: A fire broke out at a nightclub in Khliehriat this morning at about 8 pm.
Shillong: Police in Williamnagar have recovered several firearms hidden in different places, some in pigsty, some in trees and some in trees. dense forests.
“Ka Seng has taken a firm position on this issue since 1988 and continues to insist that it will not accept the project until there is a law to curb the illegal entry of people from outside the State. and from neighboring countries like Bangladesh,” he added.
On the other hand, all nine bowlers of SGH took wickets, including Dianchidora N Sangma and Rikmanchi M Sangma who took two wickets each.
Regarding the unemployment of youth in the state, many jobs in various departments are vacant, but the government has not appointed or provided jobs and this has raised the question whether the government has Why don't you appoint young people?
“We as a state cannot accept this bill because it is against the rule of law of India,” said Robertjune.
In the 49th minute, Kerala through Ummer Afaf Ca scored the first goal of the match.
When we examine the development of political parties, we will find that parties that have leaders who are old enough to lead, the party is growing well.
Therefore, I strongly demand a thorough review and 50% allocation for the Unreserved Category according to the rules laid down by the court,” said Dr Kazi.
Besides the damage to the houses, there has also been damage to crops, Bah Kyrshan Timung of Umden Diwon, urged the authorities to inspect these houses. you are Phria.
The Khasi of old were a people who lived only in war.
Perhaps God will not give us the tree of sympathy because he does not see the differences in the Christian congregation.
It was on the 4th April 1829 that Syiem Tirot Singh fought against the British and this day (4th April) was named “National Independence Day”.
Even the human life until now the government has not been able to provide assistance for the farmers so the decision of this meeting is that we will not allow the destruction of those wild animals because Even if the government authorities arrest us, we will not hesitate because as farmers we have faced many problems that we don't even want to go to farm. to give those relief or to pay the farmers so that they can stay at home? He asked a question.
Mukul Sangma expressed his gratitude to the Principal and management of the college for their efforts to provide adequate educational services to the youth.
The latest news is that he died in his sleep.
The call of the Central Police is only in cases of threat to peace and order as we have seen in the past years in Meghalaya.
Because even if you win only four MLAs, those who lose are those who are stupid.
“I have received information in Parliament that there are three states in the East with the highest HIV prevalence including Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura. “It is reported that HIV is most common among foreign workers, truck drivers and factory workers,” said Bah Shylla.
There is also a school to teach young people, both young women and men; From the elderly to the young and many young people have now been employed, through music training in Wahkhen.
The demonstration was known as the Students Black Flag Demonstration.
The group also congratulated the Mawsbuit Museum, Rymmang Nongrum, Pynshngain Dkhar, Risha Kharkaliang and Madiang.
The Court should consider whether this Act to ban non-government teachers (givt.
However, the drivers were arrested and sent to court today.
In 2019, scientists took a sample from the body of a woman who lived in Rakhigarhi, the largest city in the Indus Valley, and examined it with scientific equipment. found that it descended from people who came from Iran and has a connection with the peoples of southeastern Asia.
Police chiefs said that the woman has been able to deceive up to 450 job seekers from the rural villages in the Mairang area, and to these youths the woman has also demanded to pay a fee. 50,000 tyngka each, and it was learned that when she came to these villages to collect the money, she was dressed in a police uniform with the rank of SI. crore 25 lakh rupees from these youths, and after a while, these youths started to complain because there was no sign of the promise. They went to the man who had spread the news to them from the beginning.
Meghalaya has a large population of young residents with 30 percent of the population under the age of 15-35 years, which is higher than the country as a whole. state to be in hopes of unearthing more leaders in the coming years.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today awarded Meghalaya for its progress in agriculture.
If we do not take into account the job aspirations and life goals of the youth, employment policies will continue to fail for the youth.
KHNAM is surprised to learn that there is only one candidate, Surajit Bordoloi, who was appointed on 1st March
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today launched the campaign in Betasing Block of South West Garo Hills.
This book is indeed a collection of information about the struggle of the Pnars against the French army which ended with the betrayal and assassination of the leader of the Pnar army, Kiang Nangbah.
However, the price of Rs.18,000 thousand per month.
(Please read the first page in memory of the two Jaintias who were imprisoned in Nowgong jail and killed, both Thaiang).
The match was very strong between the two teams, although Mawkhan played better in the first half.
There are also stalls set up specially for registration, NCD registration, TB Screening, covid injection and counselling.
“Two years have passed, so to understand the progress of this work we have been able to talk and we have been informed that the work has progressed.
The forest guard reported the incident to the Zirikending police station.
“Let us stand together to demand from the state government to implement the ILP, because it is the power given by law to prevent the illegal entry of mynder, because the will of the mynder will change “It will change the land tenure system and there will be a monopoly on our trade,” said the statement.
The District authorities have been directed to bury these pigs in a cemetery 7 feet deep and to spray them with disinfectant.
Ma EMH Passah in his speech said that the West Jaintia District Sports Association is committed to promote sports activities in the district and urged the villages to take part in various competitions organized by the WJDSA. that for sha that for.
About 18 young women who have already been trained as Assistant Pharma at the Cardiac Research Center in Tura, have faced their problems after being cheated to get a job in Hyderabad.
It is time to have a perfect working method.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA and Minister Alexander L Hek has said that the BJP's inability to win many MLAs in this election is because the people of the state have not yet Speaking to reporters, Hek said that regarding the ILP demand and other outstanding issues, the BJP will wait for the decision of the Prime Minister. “The BJP cannot raise these issues, if the people do not give their full support to the BJP, how can we can carry it and if they give us full support then we can say what we can and what we cannot do,” he said.
All the works, plans, and thoughts of man in this age are evil.
Shillong: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) has appointed its new Vice Chancellor, Professor Prabha Shankar Shukla, Professor of GB Pant University, Pantnagar, Uttarakhand.
The Seng said that the illegal residents in this area under the Municipal area raise cows, dump garbage into the streams and rivers and this affects the health of the village.
He urged the residents who need to go for treatment to inform the Rangbah Shnong so that they can inform the DBOs in the villages to get the vehicle passes.
Furthermore, perhaps, in the coming months, new candidates from various parties, including women, will emerge to contest the 2023 elections.
The role of iSpirt for public IndiaStack platforms, NPCI for high-speed digital payments, ONDC for digital payments, those in UIDAI are some of the signs of how PPP projects accelerate the digital transformation process.
Hazarika said the meeting was scheduled to be held at Khanapara Square on 17th November, but now the parties want to move it elsewhere.
Nongstoin, Nailur, 12: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, Supply, West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the PDS for the month of August, 2022 has been released through the distributors. 2.26 liters per card for AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA households.
The National People's Party (NPP), which is one of the national parties in the country, has witnessed an increase in its revenue in the past 10 years, from T.47.20 lakh in 22 to T.7.562 crore in 2022-2
The World AIDS Day celebration was held by SURE today, December 10, at the hall of HK Singh School, in collaboration with the office of the Headmaster of the school.
Heibormi Sungoh, a prominent writer of the region, told the story of Woh Kiri Daloi Dhar. Speeches were delivered by various departments of the party followed by a speech by the Chairman of the Ministers. Bah TS Phyllei and Bah Treilang Suchiang MDC in the presence of Bah R. Rabon.
“Everyone is imperfect and makes mistakes but to dig up the bad will not lead anywhere but we must find a way to build,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Pralhad Joshi, Minister of State for Home Affairs, has tested positive for the corona virus.
Niwel said that from Jaintia Hills, according to his information, there are 1,000 candidates, but out of these 1,000 candidates, only 19 candidates have passed.
“If we remove and run the Odd-Even numbers next month, how will it help the driving system and if we find that it doesn't help, we will have to look at other ways,” he said. The DC said that according to the videos and reports received, the traffic jam is due to the lack of parking space to transport and drop off the passengers. and the charioteers and the chariots went round from one place to another.
The song was sung by Ram Suchiang and Larihun Lapang.
“Out of 5.89 lakh households we have been able to allocate funds for the supply of water to 5.62 lakh households,” he said.
“In politics, I don't want to talk much now, we will announce later,” she said.
Justin G Momin, candidate from the AITC, said that Mawshynrut is a constituency that has been left behind for decades, compared to other constituencies.
We strongly condemn this act of bloodshed and violence in Manipur,” he said.
The total number of cases has risen to 6,110 and the death toll has risen to
Sangma also praised the former MLA of the area, Bah Hamletson Dohling who has worked hard for the implementation of the Indoor Stadium in this area and urged the residents to use this space to encourage young people in the right direction.
Through this meeting, these village leaders, held a thorough discussion and strongly condemned the acts of violence by this private person, whom they alleged to be Bah Hoping Kurbah, whom they said. He said that he is not a resident of the area and when he passed through the area he did not have a Curfew Pass.
The government has not implemented the roster system according to the reservation policy since the state was independent for 50 years.
“We cannot say how to renew it but the government should do the best for both groups of indigenous peoples perhaps by allocating 80% to all and fighting for each other. (Khasi and Garo),” he said.
People from all over Meghalaya are looking for jobs (skilled and unskilled) in it.
Is it because the Central Government doesn't care about this state or is it not yet time to recognize the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule?
This was revealed in a report released by the Additional Chief Secretary (NET) KS Kropha in Shillong today.
The immediate wearing of masks could allow the spread of the corona virus and this will be punished, as long as the government authorities agree.
Reflector : Laphalang, a reflector that reflects the light from the sun to reflect the light in the right place in the darkness or shadow.
In this incident, the Maruti Gypsy was completely destroyed by the fire while the bus was burnt down from the front of the vehicle.
At the same time, he urged the Hima and everyone to run the market in such a way that it will be a blessing for the farmers.
Shillong, Nailar 13: Many of the world's leading music groups have come to Shillong, the city known as the city of music.
The state police are in coordination with the Mehruli police to fulfill all the requirements.
He said the government will create the mechanisms for the members of the rebel groups to take the opportunity proposed by the government by coming forward to leave their activities.
Besides Mawnianglah, there are two other villages which will soon get paved roads through this RIDF scheme, Baniun and Sawmer shiteng.
:In a meeting between the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh on 6th November, District Hospitals across the state.
“The dissemination of photographs and videos will affect the feelings of the relatives as well as the children and even their minds,” said the Chairperson of the SCPRC. on Friday.
He said that in the course of the school's journey, it has faced many challenges but many are still ahead.
The government will now have to take advice from marine experts on how to fight water pollution from the source.
Last speech was delivered by Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President of the KSU Mawlai Circle and after the speech the Chief Guest, Symbud Chief Guest, KSU Sengkmie Leaders, invitees and KSU Mawlai Circle Leaders congratulated the players. and it was handed over to the Referees to conduct and start the game.
The Government of India has decided that half of these drugs will be marketed by companies and then half will be given to the Government of India and sold at a price of T. earlier.
He said that this tournament is also a way for the talented children to develop in the field of football, as the children who are willing to be trained in the Football Academy will also be selected. ) different.
Prestone Tynsong said the Government has a plan to build 1,200 km of roads in the state.
Religious leaders as well as the elders are also invited to express their views.
Jowai, July 25: The celebration of Polling Day by the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today was a success.
On the other hand, the shopkeepers said that they have received permission from Bah Rapsang to build a shop by acknowledging that he is the owner of the land and paying him every month.
The Nepali Association, together with the Heads of the Assam Government, has also sent a letter and a map to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, to confirm the rights of these villages in the Langpih Sector. .
The DSEL has said in a letter sent to the Principal that this is against the rules and regulations of the government.
In the men's high jump, Primus Ronghi of Ri-Bhoi won the gold medal after reaching 1.90m while Pringchang N Sangma of Williamnagar and Simeon Marak of North won the silver and bronze medals. Garo Hills.
Andrey Rublev 42006.
We should also respect and love our fellow human beings.
These children, fell ill after eating the land, which contained sana, motor vehicles and other items.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Mawphlang MLA Kennedy C Khyriem has welcomed the decision of SK Sun, Chief Engineer of PHE, who has retired from his post, to contest the 2018 MLA election. who is ready to fight anyone.
The Khonraij or Chilliangraij brought the village of Blai and placed it in Loomsooïung.
“A lot of money has been spent and a lot of work has been done to improve education.
L.Syiem, MPS, today lodged a complaint with the police that Walter Jones, 27, has sent another person named Opland K. Jahrin to take the Physical Efficiency Test. He was appointed to the UBSI post at 1st MLP Battalion, Mawiong-Shillong.
Otherwise, the Dkhar lyngkien can also use the name of any Khasi village where he lives when he reaches the end.
If you choose the wrong one, you will become a slave to yourself.
Regarding the committee, the committee has 45 days from the date of issuance of the order to visit these villages and approve the distance, the history of the residents, the village management, The Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya said in a statement.
This was witnessed on Friday when the cyclists cleaned up the surroundings of Malki Forest after the end of the Meghalaya Games 2022 organized by the Meghalaya Cycling Association. in the Malki forest to ensure that the area is clean.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has submitted a petition to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to the city last month. and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court today dismissed a petition by Juhi Chawla against the implementation of 5G internet in India and fined her T.20 lakh. two others involved with it.
The report said that the injury occurred while he was participating in a training and physical training programme.
The right business model, the right revenue model.
Lt Gen DS Ahuja, GOC 101 Area, organized the ceremony.
However, now that this has happened, we will think about it and take a decision on this.
If we turn to the road from Jowai-Amlarem to Dawki we see that the village authorities there have found that the construction of the road is not enough and they have threatened to go to court if the contractors do not work and improve it. street.
Just so before.
Tynsong's request came after the opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) at the beginning of the Assembly session on Thursday requested to extend the session. this season.
Drishti, 50, a resident of Rangjuli in Goalpara, has surrendered to the police in South West Garo Hills, Meghalaya along with four of her followers.
However, it may also raise many questions if the Bible is thought to be the cause of the country's economic growth.
Mawkyrwat: After receiving a tip on the presence of several robbers who used to commit robbery and robbery in the Rajaju SWKHD area, the Mawkyrwat Police Station, this evening raided a They were arrested in a village known as Teenpool in the area.
“He has been brought to court and will appear tomorrow,” Bhattacharjee said.
The incident occurred at about 1 pm.
The activities we do and continue to do help us to grow, give us the opportunity to continue, persevere and improve whether in personal or professional life.
I would like to thank the Christians, Hindus, Muslims, the Khasi religious group who have prayed and asked God to protect us from the disease.
Shillong, Lber 03: “Don't do politics until Mukul Sangma, we will continue to do our job,” said Conrad K Sangma when asked how he feels about the government's delay in accepting his name. Conrad's remarks came after the government, besides not accepting his name as an MDC, has also withheld the names of the MDCs. Dipul R Marak who was appointed by the Executive Committee (EC) of GHADC to replace Sengnal N. Sangma.
Only 16 teams will be accepted for this tournament, the entry fee is T.4,000/- per team and there will be a prize for the winner and runner up. individual award.
The eligible candidates are those who have scored 70 percent or above in SSLC, 65 percent or above in HSSLC, 60 percent in Bachelor (Degree Passed) and 60 percent above in Master Degree. .
He told them everything.
Surong said that the jyrngam taxi and the stem taxi have no difference but the difference is only the colour, the tax we pay the same, the sticker we get the same, the difference is only the color and the name. “It means that we are rural taxis, which means that stem taxis cannot go beyond Umshyrpi,” said Bah Surong.
At the same time, the union requests the police to conduct a search operation to arrest these robbers soon, he said.
However, in 1997, the Federation of Khasi States under the leadership of Bah John F Kharshiing, met with PB Archarya, Incharge, BJP in Shillong. After the meeting, the BJP leader issued a statement saying that the BJP will hold and respect the treaties and social agreements with the Hima rulers and the Government of India, during these decades with the Government of India.
Nongpoh: U Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, former President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Nongpoh Constituency and Vice-President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Nongpoh Constituency, has been appointed as the President of the National People's Party (NPP). The President of the NPP in Ri Bhoi, has announced that he has resigned from the party.
If you use the shaba fertilizers I have shown in the previous article, these can be applied to the nurseries a few days before planting.
Regarding the disappearance of Rahul Mandal, his family members have informed the Sonapur Police Station to assist in the search for Rahul Mandal, who has gone missing since last night. The incident occurred at the factory at 15mer.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Seng Khasi Kmie, through its Rongbiria Committee, has held a Rongbiria at Second Ground, SRGT, Polo.
These cases have also visited Deinchynrum, Lad Sutnga, Mookympad, Sookilo and had contact with some people from these villages.
“For except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God”.
“The journey will not be easy and going to Delhi to get the ILP will be like climbing a tree to pick soh.
Speaking to Rupang, he said that the present HSPDP is a new HSPDP and not an old one which the leaders have worked hard to save the party. He said that he has met with Hopingstone Lyngdoh, President of the HSPDP, Hopingstone Marsharing, Joint Secretary, Ri-Bhoi District and Auditor of the Central Body of the HSPDP. Markus Lyngdoh, who was also from Block II, who contested the MLA election from the party from Mawhati Constituency, said that Hoping is now old and he is just like a man. “Bah Hoping is no longer like before, he has become like a rubber stamp,” said Bah Marsharing.
Shillong, July 28 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday decided to reconstitute a Select Committee for the consideration and amendment of the Khasi Inheritance of Property Bill,
By doing this, he can learn how many poor mothers are in need in the area so that he can remind them to come for checkup so that they can give birth safely to their children. they.
He also slammed the BJP which during its election campaign, accused the government of many corruption cases, but only after the announcement of the winners of the election immediately went to support the NPP to form the government. .
However, he listened to his followers who said that the party is just a uniform.
Similarly, if those Khasi men who are fighting for the rights of men have difficulty in getting Khasi wives, if allowed, they will have to marry other Dkhars, whether Kharlum or Kharthor, but that too is still in doubt. to leave, they shall go to their mother.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, on Tuesday said that it is true that the Hima Mylliem has issued permits to four Metor drivers residing in Them Metor. land is not for the private sector but for public use.
The walk will also be a message to others that we should take care and love nature because without nature, man cannot live.
Drinking sweet milk and shynrai can also be very helpful and beneficial for women.
“Be this person, whom others can trust, but by yourself, you cannot trust others.
These children and their parents should be commended for their contribution to transforming this 'Smam City'
Condemning violence against women, Rangad said, “Women don't want to be used anywhere by those who want to spread hatred,” although she said that hatred can be overcome with love.
How did the people of the country get this freedom to elect their leaders?
On the speech of Prestone Tynsong, Mawrie said, “It is just his speech alone. I don't want to answer anything. tell me the decision".
The question is why these organizations don't want to come to the platforms so that the people can ask questions from them.
Sawkmie said the Executive Committee (EC) will meet on Monday to discuss the issues related to the upcoming dorbar.
Speaking to media, UDP leader Michael War said the party is still looking for those involved in this case. bria tang because of the election.
The slavery of the poiwir is the physical and mental strength.
They said that the implementation here has been slow and there is no consistency in the appointment of teachers because in LP schools only 2 SSA teachers have been appointed and the work has been heavy for them and it is lymbrum lymbram and The reason is that the government cannot provide according to the needs of teachers.
A bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh issued the order.
Earlier, Kong Khymdeit had signed a license agreement.
The Myndtu River, known as the Guardian Angel's, has changed its appearance in these days, posing a threat to the human beings who use it for drinking, eating and drinking. to cleanse, especially the lower parts of it.
Regarding the clearances from the Board, Nongbri said that these factories have not yet appeared but only the Company Style Carbo Camp India has applied but has not received the Clearance Certificate from the Board. .
A house to live in and shelter is a basic need.
Jowai, Naitung 3: U Marbiang Shylla, 48, of Jowai, has been shot dead by another friend of Wanmi Lamare, 30, of Jowai. age.
Speaking to Rupang, one of the leaders of the Seng Khasi, said that the marriage custom of the Khasi man, which has been around since ancient times, is that he has one wife, but he can have many more. in ancient times, when there were very few men, men (even those who were married) were sent to give seed to the women, who had don in the age of 45 and above, because they become duh jait.
These tablet manufacturing plants have been set up in all districts but many children do not know where these tablet manufacturing plants have been set up and now once they are damaged they have become just toys.
In connection with the incident, there were two investigations; One investigation was conducted by the Magistrate and the other by the District & Sessions Judge, Tura.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 29: Two Integrated Village Cooperative Societies, Mawlong Nongtluh IVCS and Umwang IVCS today received assistance from the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency (MDA). The MBDA distributed various jhur seeds to these two IVCSs in the presence of Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest at the meeting held at Nongpoh.
The robbers opened fire on the people and burnt the houses in the village, the report said.
The deadline for the nomination of candidates to speak first is 6:15 pm exactly.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has accepted the Resolution I brought on the Roster System, but due to time constraints, the Resolution could not be adopted during Private Member Business; and I have no choice but to bring a Motion for Adjournment to explain this issue which is necessary for the people of the state.
Shillong: Police of the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) together with the Sardar Police Station on the evening of 7th November 2019, under the leadership of the SP of East Khasi Hills District, received a tip that A drug trafficker will smuggle drugs to Khyndailad.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) will elect its new office bearers on the 22nd of June.
To commemorate the occasion, the Prime Minister, Bah Lapang and Parliamentary Secretary, Bah Justine Dkhar, distributed relief items to the disabled from the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme.
He said that this construction without permission or without conducting Public Hearings is a threat to the residents living near Marten, as this garbage dump is not only for the garbage that comes. From the markets, villages and townships, it has not been able to clean up properly, it has set up this garbage dump from hospitals and this is a serious threat to the health of the people.
He said the state government has now removed chemical fertilizers from the plants and has produced bio-fertilizer.
Police recovered T. 1568 Bangladesh rupees and T. 640 Indian rupees from his body.
One person has died in Gujarat, Haryana, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh.
From the villages under the Nonglang Sirdarship to the Pilangkata-Khanapara and Raij Marwet areas, the residents are afraid of being forcibly deported to Assam and are now standing against.
He said that there are 72 types of essential medicines which the government will provide and which can be obtained from government hospitals 24 hours a day.
“You supporters of the party which has no foundation, go home and throw your prah as you want,” said Ampareen while asking the VPP supporters to leave the meeting. After the election campaign of Kong Ampareen in Umsning and after the meeting with people in many villages in Ri Bhoi District today, there was a lot of shouting from the NPP. VPP supporters who shouted at Prah ha u Prah, and at this moment there was also a handshake between the supporters of the NPP party against and the supporters of the VPP party but the clash was stopped. The victim was identified as Umsning Police Outpost.
The residents of Sutnga District, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday took to the streets to protest against the MDA government over the Coke Factory in Sutnga District, East Jaintia Hills District. illegal.
Job 2:9.
Shillong Lajong have scored 10 points from their last match in Kolkatta against Mohammedan SC and hope to score the first three points today. Mawkyrwat, November 08: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat today announced that the office of the Director of Higher Education & Technical Education, Meghalaya, Shillong invites applications from students who are full citizens of Meghalaya for three types of Scholarship Schemes for the year 2023 –
Patton was accompanied by Union Minister Arjun Munda.
Security forces fired several tear gas shells to disperse the protesters.
They also prepared to blow up these tunnels when the Israeli troops passed over them.
Before the end, a traditional Khasi dance was performed.
At work, he worked hard until he got home.
They said that they only saw the flash of torch light and on the morning of the 15th, they found a Formaldehyde Solution which was suspected to have been used to kill the cows.
He said how a foreigner can sell land in front of the Secretariat and this shows that there is no check on people entering Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sanbor Rapsang, Discipline Secretary of the HNYF Central Body, said that the reason why the HNYF has come forward to demand the relocation of the BSF camp is after many complaints. The residents of Mawpat, Langkyding and other villages near the BSF camp have complained that every day, there is a shooting of gunfire and gunfire. The children were shocked in their sleep by the sound of gunfire and especially the students who were in the middle of their studies.
“It took the government three years to get the results.
What I want to say is that I find that many Khasi women are left without children and their children grow up without fathers.
In the Junior Cadet Girls – 48kg, Rijanai Ryndong won the silver medal, Bashisha Nongrum won the silver medal while Lifefirst Dkhar and Medaker Kharbyngar won the bronze medal.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong has requested to assist in the implementation of this discussion as soon as possible for the benefit and welfare of the residents.
On the other hand, Bah Lamare said that the government has taken measures to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong and one of these is that the government has a plan. to relocate heavy government offices to the site of New Shillong.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has launched a leaflet entitled “The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, They were also distributed on 28th June, starting from the Secretariat gate, government offices like DC Office, MPSC Building, Chief Engineer PWD, District Council Office and other places. on this day.
Diana Hayden today slammed Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Deb for insulting her when she was elected Miss World.
In fact, the state government is in trouble because of its financial crisis, the NGT's ban on coal mining and the central government's financial crisis.
“The NPP is committed to serving the people through the Election Manifesto and Vision Document for the year 2023-2028 and we have made it clear what we will do and even what we cannot accomplish we will fight to “We have completed them,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Regarding the appointment of jobs, as it has appeared in the media, there has been a serious discrimination as it appears in the letter of the SE of PHE Western Circle apologizing. the Deputy Commissioner on the issue of illegal immigration.
Any agricultural products brought from the fields are collected in Assam,” said Bah Nujorki, and urged the state government to take action against this and not allow the construction of gates in Mukroh area.
U smart meter:- It is the difference between the lybak and the other.
“Because of the river, there has been a discussion on how to connect these three areas.
Needful Shylla scored the first goal for Sabahmuswang in the 63rd minute.
JYF General Secretary Ma S Pajuh said the road has been severely deteriorated from Myntdu Bridge to Muphlang, Amlarem, Pdengshakap, Amlari, Muktapur to Lumpyngngap and Muktapur to Dawki.
I hope that this Eco Fish hatchery will create job opportunities and promote trade in the village and the area as a whole,” he said.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle today met with the DIG of Eastern Range, Bah MK Dkhar, to discuss the issue of strengthening security in the border areas especially in the areas. War Jaintia, in which they said that they don't trust the BSF anymore because even though they saw the infiltration of Khar Bangladeshis, they didn't do anything to arrest them but allowed them to enter the country. In India.
“Many foreigners who drive commercial taxis drive without Labor License or drive Khasi or foreign vehicles.
Mark Gashnga, Assistant General Secretary of the RBSU, said that the RBSU has seen the need to have its own Pollution Testing Center in the district. However, the establishment of this Center will also help to reduce the impact on the environment, as many vehicles have produced too much smoke. but they are driving on the road due to the lack of a government agency to control such vehicles.
“However, there are those who can sit without power, there are those who cannot,” said Bah Pala.
In conclusion, he encouraged the staff of Bansara Eye Care to expand their operations to other places so that the people can benefit from this eye care.
France has renamed the militant group, acknowledging that it is a beheading group and will no longer call it ISIS. ISIS has been on the rise since the US launched 167 bombings since 8th July this year.
He said he had thought of joining the national parties but after thinking carefully he said that only one national party can fight against the Congress and that is the UDP. “All the people who were with me who used to vote for Dango have now shouted and expressed their disappointment,” said Marak.
While Bryan died shortly after the electric shock, Epsil, who was 8 months pregnant with her son, fell to the ground during the shock.
The patient was treated by a team of doctors from the Department of Tuberculosis and Respiratory Diseases, Anaesthesia and CTVS OT, Dr Priyanka Dev Associate Professor and Dr Dasara Nongbet Senior Resident and their team from the Department of Anathesiology. Dr Reuben Kynta, Associate Professor, Department of CTVS, who conducted the treatment in the operating room.
The TMC candidate from Jirang said that six months ago other parties thought that the TMC would not get support in Meghalaya, but now they are starting to accuse and criticize because they have seen what the TMC has done. The people of the state will give their support to the TMC which is the strongest party in the state.
With these, Meghalaya hopes that this time too, their performance will be strong in the collaboration of other bowlers.
This year, 3 houses have collapsed and 22 others have been in danger, and these too have died to lose their homes and move to another. the king's land, and some of them have moved away.
Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) rice will be distributed in 35 kilos per AAY FI Card at the price of Rs.3/- in urban and rural areas.
If that happens, where will we go as a state? Therefore, we urge all the residents to take action to pay the electricity bill.
The President of FKJGP, North Khasi Hills District, led by the President of FKJGP, North Khasi Hills District, inspected the toll plaza on the occasion. while the Khasi youth are very few and there are only a few who have been employed.
However, on the border issue, Khosla said, “the talks are sufficient and the two states have a process to do this”.
Wanstep contested the MLA election from Sohra when KHNAM was first formed in
The meeting was conducted by Bah K.Lyngdoh and welcomed by Kong K.Thyrniang.
As a goalkeeper, Bunya led Lajong in 1998-1999, Riatsamthiah in 1990-1991 and Wahingdoh in 1997-9
Thangsning SCC won by five wickets against Friends United CC and Khrawkupar Kharumnuid was named Player of the Match.
M Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also a Minister in the MDA 2.0 government, has been elected to contest for the post of MP. , Vincent H Pala, and General Secretary of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon.
When the day came, Bahnah got up early in the morning with joy and cleaned his clothes and said to his sister, “Deisy, let's go to Riia's house at four o'clock or less.
The owner of the cow, Fitim Sejfijaj, said that the cow now has two female cows, which he lives with and he lives happily ever after and he has enough food and drink. .
The party also set targets to improve air traffic, Internet use in rural areas, build IT parks, build Water Management and connect water pipes to many households.
I have spoken to the Deputy Governors and other offices through the VC and telephone.
Various speakers said that thousands of people have been affected by the NGT shutdown and now they are in darkness where to turn.
The Block Development Officer of Laskeiñ, B.Niang was the chief guest and unfurled the Lama Lai.
There is no doubt that even the illegal sale of kyiad and other intoxicants in such a place, especially in the evening, does not disappear.
The inability of the poor to grow in income causes many misguided lives.
As directed and to ensure the safety of the vehicles carrying petrol and other essential commodities to the state, the police today escorted these vehicles which entered the state.
Dalu Government Higher Secondary School, which performed the worst in the examination, won the first position. Out of the four candidates, none of the candidates passed. Williamnagar Government Higher Secondary School was the worst candidate with 12.50% marks out of eight candidates.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
After talks with the DC, the Waheh Shnong of Khanduli announced to suspend the protest for 10 months as the DC has promised to take action as soon as possible on this issue.
“Before the rain comes, this bridge should have been completed,” said Bah Renikton to the contractor.
Speaking to media, Bah AL Hek said, “How can we tell the people when we ourselves who are in government are violating the rules.
Here I would like to suggest that we should not accept the offers of money from any candidate or any political party because this will destroy us all the Khasi people which will appear as moral and financial corruption after we get a new government.
HANM Mawshynrut Circle has no information and cannot accept the decision of Hamar Lyngkhoi President HANM West Khasi Hills District to dismiss the complaint to the District Forest Officer against the coal mining factories. (coke coal factory).
Pius won the MLA election by defeating Martin M Danggo from the NPP after he resigned from the Congress party three months after winning the election.
Each clinic has one ANM, one Psychologist, one MTW and a Doctor to look after 5 School Clinics.
New Delhi: The World Health Organization (WHO) has directed countries to monitor the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and to send each other information on the spread of the disease. rise again those who are sick.
Those who attended the function included Phrilda Rani, Mother of Wallambok Rani, Bah Skurming Jana, Rangbah Shnong of Umden Arka, Bah Siral Marbaniang, Chairman of Umden Arka Durbar and others. elder of the area.
“He said that Bah Ardent's statements on the origin of the Khasi alphabet with the letter 'C' are not only for the Chyne clan, but there are also others like the Chen clan, Cunville and others.
When they found these families, the police chiefs of Ri Bhoi, distributed rice, jhur and other food items to these poor families in Korstep village.
The seven families who received the assistance are Phibawansuk Kharkongor from Nongrim Sadew, Bah Suren and Injona Thangkhiew from Nongkseh-Upper Shillong; Dril Nongsiej of Mawphlang, Pdiang Kharkrang of Sohiong, Phila Lynshing of Khlieh Umrnong and Globinda Pale of Kyndong Tuber.
The Bible says: “God recommends his own love to us in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
“The Pradhan Mantri Arogya Yojana, the largest insurance scheme, provides up to Rs 5 lakh for family health care.
There are 29742 samples tested, 28967 negative and 260 pending results. The number of returnees is 23,3
Proposal On these actions, I have moved a motion on the 3rd of this month in the District Council, in which I have proposed that both the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam should look into the matter. and some of the grounds, which were approved by the whole House.
The total number of cases in the country has risen to 1,33,58,805 and the death toll to 1,69,2
It is learned that there have been clashes in other districts of the area.
He said that as a leader he sees the lack of educational facilities in the area.
“I don't want to say much in this regard because this matter is in court and the government hopes that this issue can be resolved completely,” he said.
Kohima: Nine new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in Nagaland, bringing the total number of cases to
“We are ready if the MDC elections are held at any time,” said the CEM. Regarding the foreigners who trade to Majai, the CEM has asked for the cooperation of the Shella MDC to find out how much. Two of the state residents have been able to do the jobs of foreigners in order to cancel the trading licences of foreigners.
Nongpoh: In a tragic accident, which happened at 5 pm this evening, a man named Bah Laurence Biam, who is also a policeman working in the Fire Service Department, was killed. in Shillong, he died shortly after the vehicle he was driving collided with an oncoming truck on the road.
From 2000 to 2010-11, there were 197 MBBA graduates from the government sector and those who had signed with the government to serve the state after graduation but did not pay attention to the The agreement with the government in which they did not return or pay the fine imposed by the government but they were forced to walk on their own.
However, after meeting with Bah Bobby, we understand that he is qualified to stand for the party.
In the election campaign, one of the most prominent UDP spokespersons in the news was Amazing Kurbah who went to campaign for the UDP candidate Bah Synshar Lyngdoh.
Lad Rymbai town is the most crowded and heaviest traffic jam in Jaintia Hills, but according to reports, the town has become quiet and there is no more traffic. traffic jam.
Likewise, unemployment is the reason why we are forced and turned away from these jobs which we often consider small or menial jobs. Let us not have that spirit. Don't be afraid to do any work because if you work hard and work hard any work can build up your life.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday distributed food items at Khliehriat East.
The footpath was funded under the SRWP scheme for the year 2021-22 at a cost of about 5 lakh tyngka. President of Sohkyndur Village Youth Association, Bah S Mawlong Rangbah Shnong and other dignitaries.
He said that until we can make Hindi independent by accepting words from other indigenous languages, it cannot be developed.
However, the private sector has not rested but has worked hard on its own and has been able to showcase its talents and express itself amidst many shortcomings of the State.
In 1963, a bye-election was held and Bah HH Hynniewta (Shillong), SDD Nichols Roy (Sohra), BB Lyngdoh (Nongpoh) and HS. Priest (Nongstoin).
“Therefore, the only defense we can have to prevent the entry of foreigners is the implementation of the ILP and also to release the CAA in the State,” said the HYC leader. Jowai, Lber 18: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) on Saturday launched the Lucky Draw Tickets for the year 2024, as a way to raise funds for the organization. now in the process for more than 3 years of providing employment services to young men and women.
“This has left us in the dark how the government can open a meat processing plant without providing the necessary equipment,” said William Diengdoh, a meat transporter.
The number of injections administered so far is 4,64,1
The Government of India is understood to be considering extending the curfew across the country on the recommendation of various State Governments.
He worked for the unification of the Jaitbynriew by building a single language, writing and literature through schools.
“There is no reason to conduct the examination once again just because someone has requested information through RTI against the Minister of Health and Family Welfare,” said the nurses.
After the Lukha festival: Is there one thing we should think about when organizing festivals?
In a statement, the Commissioner and Secretary, Education, Bah DP Wahlang said that all the remaining examinations will be held again after another announcement.
“It depends on the government or those in charge,” said the father and took the kwai from his son.
After the collapse of the EC led by Bah Titos, the Congress has left to support the NPP to form a new EC under the leadership of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC of the NPP from Sohryngkham. long as the new CEM.
Ladakh will also have a geothermal power plant.
On the other hand, Bah Shullai congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for appointing him to the departments and said, “From the first day I will sit down and consider all the departments and especially the Labor Department, which is the most important department because it is for the workers".
Regarding the release of T.1.81 crore to the company, the report said that they released the money according to the rules stipulated in the agreement signed by NABARD because the is the funder of this work.
She said Gujarat has developed rapidly and one of these is the good and adequate roads.
From an adult human it produces in this way about ten quarts of water a day, and from larger animals it produces more, according to their body size.
When there is a lack of rainfall, the rainfall will be low and when there is a lack of rainfall, there will be various problems such as health, agriculture and water shortage. To witness or verify this, let us look at the rainfall in the villages adjacent to the Umïam Dam of MeSEB such as Mawlyndep, Umbir, Umsaw, Umbang, Sumer. , Umroi Road, ICAR Complex, Nongsder and East Khasi Hills.
“There are some hospitals which have to pay for the building fee because they are open, private hospitals have to pay the salary of their doctors, nurses and staff and these hospitals have their own salaries. “It is not easy for the government to set the price of treatment in these hospitals,” he said.
Shillong: U MLA of Amlarem Constituency and Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the protest expressed by the Hynriew residents against the dumping of garbage in Mynkjai, It is because the government should not find a way to wear shirts, not just to put a bread shop for a while.
Speaking to media, he said that he sought this information after many job seekers asked him for assistance in relation to vacancies and offices. of the police department.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Umsawli, Mawpat, today collected the garbage and food items, which were scattered along the roadside of Umsawli.
However, now there are some elders who have sent letters to the party expressing their desire to contest the MDC election from the party.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that he will provide assistance to Ialong village through the Chief Minister Special Development Program scheme for the improvement and protection of land especially the fields damaged by the Myntdu River in Ialong village. .
John4:21.
The establishment of multi-disciplinary Education and Research Universities (MERU); xx.
“We will do our utmost to ensure that the UDP will be the party that wins the most MLAs in the 2018 elections,” he said.
During the raid, they also arrested a member of the party.
Shillong, July 31: The teachers of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) have staged a protest under the banner of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) against the announcement of the results of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS). Prime Minister Narendra Modi's WhatsApp account has started sending complaints.
“He said that the introduction of the synsar at the market will enable people from all over the country to know what the synsar looks like.
He said that in these years the MCCL has not needed any assistance from the government.
It is also prohibited to gather more than five people during the curfew hours in the areas near government offices in Mawsawa, Sangshnong, Umwiehsup and Mairang Mission.
At this meeting, the Additional DC promised to take action on this issue, and the Seng also demanded that another rice should be replaced with another rice. but it is not necessary to give an explanation on this reception of such a wicked person.
Speaking to media, Rymbui said that as the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, has announced that this year the government will allocate T100 crore for the improvement of the 200 government schools in the state and or the money will be from the collection of cess.
The rally scheduled to be held in Bhopal has been canceled due to the Congress campaign at the same time as it was scheduled to be held at the same time.
Between getting unjust wealth and earning righteousness.
It is a place where people like to dress up but it is difficult to choose or adapt to the customs.
Since the beginning, this special allocation has benefited the villagers in terms of education or employment for the children or youth who have become more prominent and achieved more in education. or in wisdom.
Because of their disobedience, the Israelites chose a cursing.
Members of KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle led by President Samla Sonstar Nongkhlaw on Monday met with the management of NEIAH after receiving information that the Director of NEIAH has forcibly resigned. one person from Uttar Pradesh as a contractual attendant.
The people of Meghalaya have understood that they need change now, and that change can only be brought about by the BJP”.
“We want the people to suggest what issues we can put as part of the manifesto, that's why we listen to the people because if we just create ourselves it can be enough but come to completion.
This may open up a new way to treat those staph infections which can be very serious, and perhaps it can also be used in combination with other existing antibiotics”.
On the other hand, the KSU Iooksi Unit has urged the people not to eat wild tits.
They were granted bail with a surety bond of Rs 30,000 and ordered to be present at any time for investigation into the incident.
The men's team of Mawsynram from East Khasi Hills and the women's team of Jowai from West Jaintia Hills have become the winners of the 3rd Meghalaya Open Softball Championship
It is also up to the traffic department to curb this disease as soon as possible.
The order will come into force from 16th March 2020, said Miss Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
Besides the salary, the electricity supply has been reduced.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, said that only after he took over as the Minister of Urban Affairs, he wanted to expedite the work which has been stalled. from the election.
Nongstoiñ, March 04 : The loss of funds for the construction of the road from Kyndongei to Mawrok, has shocked the residents of the villages in the area, as they have long been waiting for the government to build the road. It will build the road from Kyndongei to Mawrok, it will make it easier for the people to travel to and from Rambrai and other villages.
Marbisu also had another chance to score in the 88th minute and Gasper Langstieh sent the ball into the net. Gasper Langstieh scored the first goal of the tournament at Laitkseh.
Christmas Games: In many parts of the country, especially in the Maram areas, there is a custom that in every village there are Christmas games on one of the days of the Christmas season. during the day to dance around the church, then to eat Christmas and in the evening inside the house all night, from sunset to sunrise.
The Diocese of Jowai has urged all the Fathers, Religious, Sisters, Brothers working in the Diocese and Parishioners from different parishes of the Diocese are encouraged to attend this Diocesan Day, which is also a day of celebration for every parishioner within the boundary of Jowai. Diocese, concluded a statement sent by Father Manbha Pakem, who is also the Director of the Faith Formation Commission of the Diocese of Jowai.
In a meeting with the media, Bah Chesterwell Sohtun, Sordar of Kut Village, said, “This person is the one who wants to disturb and spread rumors in the village. thaw.
From the first day we witness that the Leaders spend time explaining even the meanings of words or sentences.
The union also alleged that according to the RTI investigation of the IAY scheme for the year 2011-2016, it is the JE who has changed the names of the people. who are eligible for this poor housing scheme.
“The delay in the implementation of the Medical College in the state has caused many problems and losses in many areas in terms of health care in the state.
Bah Diengdoh requested the cooperation of the local taxi drivers and the village authorities to facilitate the movement of the residents in the area.
I called the owner but when he came to check, he told me that Somchai was dead.
He alleged that Munu Arengh had sold 12,000 acres of land and not only 7,413 acres to Deilang Chirup Law at a price of Rs 78 crore.
I don't want to see your children go to Chennai, Bangalore or Hyderabad, I want them to study here and work here and not go to other places, your state is the most beautiful place I promise to promote tourism here and you all will get jobs and income,” he said.
He said that the NDSA is one of the oldest associations in the state and West Khasi Hills which looks after all aspects.
The child was not named because she is under 18 years old and has been placed in foster care and will be given training to correct her thinking and evil thoughts.
Shillong, Naitung 24: U Bah Jamphrang Nongkhlaw, who has been removed from the post of Minister of Nongkhlaw Kur in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that he is entitled to succeed him as Minister of Nongkhlaw Kur. He said this according to the Gazette of Meghalaya published on the 13th of this month.
Jowai, Nailur 29: As part of the celebration of Gandhi Jayanti, the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has arranged to hold a cleanliness drive tomorrow, 30th November from 8 am. The Deputy Commissioner's Office (Election) is open.
“We have been closely monitoring the number of children who are illegally employed so that they should stop and should be able to go to school and not be employed,” said the NCPCR members. concerned about the lack of educational facilities for children in this state.
Zakir Khan, a contractor from Khanapara, said, “It is difficult for me to carry a gas cylinder on a bicycle from one house to another because of the rest and inconvenience in carrying colour.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Lukha Festival, the biggest festival in East Jaintia Hills, which is named after the famous Wah Lukha to encourage the people to preserve the environment, was held on Thursday. began this festival.
It was also heard that all the Khasi MLAs and Ministers were not named and the Khasi Ministers and MLAs were called at a time when thousands of people were gathered. They are still in the Assembly in Khyndailad.
The land belongs to the children of Drin Kharbani and Rina Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, who are the owners of the land of Mawphanlur village. in the kingdom of Myrïaw.
Manipur is a strong witness to the power of ethnic discrimination between the Meitei, whose origins are in the Imphal region, and the Kuki-Zo (Paite, Baite, Hmar.
The ruling Congress won only 63 seats, while the JD(S) led by HD Devegowda won 44 seats. eh in Karnataka.
This is where we fall short in many areas, not just talent.
Madhavi Latha will play against Owaisi from Hyderabad.
After many discussions with the parents of these children, school principals, village leaders and various departments involved in the implementation of this project.
At the same time, Pamrapiathlu Village also expressed its gratitude to the JSM for extending their helping hand to the residents.
“The KSU strongly condemns such incidents should not happen again and urges the police department to expedite the investigation so that this bloodthirsty man can be punished according to the rules of law,” he said. said more and more of the Seng.
The 7.8 suspects broke into the house of Akbar Ahmed in Lower Gasuapara at 2.00 pm and stole about T.50,0
Some of the residents also informed that the overloading of trucks going to the factories in this area has been excessive, and most of the time due to the length of the goods loaded in the trucks they carry siej. The signboard was running from side to side of the road, and it was at this time that the truck carrying rnga hit the signboard until it collapsed the electrical posts, and at the time of writing this news no The truck and the electrical post that fell on the road could not be removed.
The BJP, on the other hand, believes that this is a direct attempt to rule the state on the basis of religion, said the party chief in Andhra Pradesh.
Amazing Grace Dkhar, MBOSE- 65.83%, Wapung Secondary School, Wapung.
ii) The awarding of the Bhasha Samman which started in 1996 and has been awarded by two Khasi writers, Dewi Singh Khongdup in 1997 and SS Majaw in
This is the spirit of Ram Rynjain.
"We want to deliver another 500 vehicles in the next five years," he said.
Thus, these unfair actions of the authorities have turned the students away.
It will accommodate about 1,224 MPs. Inside it will be the Constitution Hall where the inherited rule of India will be displayed.
I am pleased to see and find that the entrepreneurs in the state are physically and spiritually strong and even the pandemic has not discouraged them from reaching the destination.
The issuance of this warning came after such fishing competitions caused noise and disrupted the traffic of vehicles and the public as well.
The mob rushed into Singh's residence and set fire to it.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, today expressed his regret that not a single student from Meghalaya has passed the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) examination.
“Then you sit down.
Shillong, June 22: A shooting incident occurred at the office of the Pro Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Tura on Saturday night. They suspected that it might be the work of the rebel groups in Lum Garo.
According to them, they are full residents of Umdohlun from their ancestors.
“I have met Hindi film stars like Sara Ali Khan, Diana Penty and Esha Gupta and other international actors,” he said.
“We will sit down and see what we should do on the part of the Planning Board so that we can advise the Government if necessary,” he added.
Nongpoh: Twenty-six schools from all over the country took part in the District Level Inter School Football Tournament (Subroto Mukherjee Cup) in Ri Bhoi District today. From these schools, 46 teams competed in the U-17 men's and U-14 men's categories.
In addition, she said that although iron is important for health, too much can lead to harm; it can lead to diabetes, hemochromatosis, asthma, asthma, and asthma which can lead to premature death.
These Manars who followed the Syiem to Northern Assam came to settle in Mirza and those parts of Assam.
Comparing the filmmaking process in Bollywood and Hollywood, Aamir said that Hollywood has improved in many ways and filmmakers are not afraid to make any difficult and difficult films. also want to try.
Meanwhile, Bah Shimladbiang Rynjah, Vice-President of the Union, expressed his satisfaction that the child who was hit by the scooty has recovered after being treated at a hospital in Guwahati.
The children of thousands of Hynniewtrep, Dkhars or French were known and recognized by the name “Khasia” or “Cossayah”.
“He made it clear that KHNAM will not oppose the proposal of the state government, if it complies with the rules and regulations laid down in Section 6A of the Sixth Schedule.
“Of course, the Commission has considered this matter carefully and found that it should be done in another way.
Others who attended the meeting were Justice TNK Singh, Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya.
They have worked for 280 days and the salary they have received is only 131 days, the remaining 149 days at the rate of T.550/- per day.
The race will be about 10 kilometers long and will start from the ground floor of Circuit House – Mawleiñ Market – Sakwang – Pyndensakwang and end at the ground floor of Circuit House.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the party will hold another meeting soon regarding the peace talks as the work is going smoothly in the country. the right way.
The party said that it prays to God for the present leaders – the President, Prime Minister and all the Ministers to work fairly with dedication for the welfare of all; for all the citizens of our country to take part in building the country; for all religious leaders to set an example in promoting Peace, Harmony and Love among all peoples; for our State of Meghalaya – to the Governor, the Chief Minister, Ministers and all those in positions of responsibility, to receive physical, mental and spiritual strength; for SAFF, to continue to move forward in the spirit of unity and cooperation to achieve its noble objectives.
There is also a power outage in West Garo Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District and MePDCL is in the process of providing power.
However, they will continue to fight against the NPP, Congress and BJP until they are overthrown one day.
As a sign of appreciation, the DC has sent a letter of appreciation along with a syrnot.
Of the 273 cases, 39 are foreigners, including 17 from Italy, three from the Philippines, two from the UK, one from Canada, Indonesia and Singapore.
And this will affect the health of these people in this area especially through the pum pum will affect their breathing.
After this, the district authorities of the two states immediately took action to resolve the dispute by holding a meeting and reaching a decision which has been able to end the dispute.
Kohima: The NSCN-IM has written to the Prime Minister expressing its deep concern over the social standing between the Indian government and the Nagas.
These are the churches and places where He preached- (a) At Mawkhar Presbyterian Church Shillong on 7th, 8th and 9th March (b) At Laitkynsew Presbyterian Church on 10th March (k) At Sohra on 11th March (d) At Shillong on 12th March (e) At the Assembly services at Mairang from 14th to 16th March (g) At Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church on 18th March and (ng) at Mawphlang Presbyterian Church on 19th March.
According to the 2011 census, the population of the state has increased to more than 29 lakh, an increase of 25 percent in the last 40 years.
“There are about 40 shopkeepers from Motphran to Stand Jeep and the Council does not want to give any promise to them because they are selling on the PWD road,” said Bah War.
It has spread the disease by taking advantage of these months because many diseases are spreading during these months.
Shillong: The MIECC has expressed its gratitude to the Prime Minister, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Minister of Forests, the Chairman of SEIIA, the CS and officers, all for their hard work. to release the smuggling of shun from Meghalaya to Bangladesh and to release the challans.
Matthew 23:13.
He said all the Standing Committees should raise their voices against the order and should appeal to the Division Bench.
Annu Rani won the gold medal in the javelin on the second day of the Federation Cup 2023 Athletics by exceeding the qualifying mark for the Asian Games in the Athletics Federation of India (AFI), where Annu also broke the AFI record of 56.46m; with its ability to cross the Sum at a distance of 59.24 m.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23 : The State Government has decided to seek financial assistance from the Central Government for the setting up of Police Stations and Police Outposts in those areas where there is heavy violence and harassment by the Assam Police. the public.
Two of these were bowled by Ankita, while one was bowled by Bimala Thakur (1/18).
Look at Jowai which doesn't even have a dumping ground.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93071 out of which 90897 have recovered and 1565 have died.
“It is unfortunate that some of our youth spend their time in the wrong jobs, while nobody wants to see the good jobs produced by the Government.
Before the end of the performance, the Seng Khasi Nonglang also gave a gift to all the male, female dancers as well as the children.
“In two years, Meghalaya will turn 50 years old and I want to see that the state comes first in all fields.
A house in Nondeiñ village of New Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills has been robbed by unidentified robbers. lakh in cash and four gold ornaments.
To tip the LYIUR is gone.
The executive members include Botmeki Nongtdu, Shibor Syrti, Pynshlur Syrti, Yowanmi Shylla, Rimiki Pajuh and Juhkilang Shanghai.
The Seng has also sent another complaint to the NHIDCL regarding the deterioration of the roads from Mylliem to Dawki Tamabil and to repair them as soon as possible, for the safety and order of the people. order to clean up the areas that have been cleaned up especially in the villages to avoid the floods which affect the health of the people of the area.
The previous ones are 350 km at a cost of Rs 2480 crore.
Sharma has inspected the Qutb Minar many times for the ASI. “There is a 25 inch long device on the roof of the Qutb Minar and this is the device that monitors the Qutb Minar. The movement of the sun and it is from this device, that on the 21st of July, that it did not go at all was the syrngiew in this place, for half an hour.
The Minister said that there are also Government schools, Higher Secondary Schools which have to appoint Principals and the work has been suspended for five years and the MPSC has had to carry a heavy responsibility to ensure that the Principals are not appointed. We have started to appoint new boards to change the appointment process.
The incident of killing of two foreigners in Ichamati area happened on the 27th of October.
When farmers help and support us, what else do we have to help and repay them? If we repay them with a spirit of love and knowledge, will the Lord and Creator bless us? /dining room) to feed on an empty stomach, it would be foolish to forget the budlum of the country and the State.
Bah Pynshai said that his return to politics is a mission and not a business.
After the bomb blasts in Shillong, the Police have worked tirelessly to prevent the terrible bomb blasts that may happen in the coming days and months,” said the Minister. the effectiveness of the law enforcement agencies to prevent the recurrence of illegal activities and the ability to curb extortion.
Ardent said that the police have failed to curb the smuggling of cows in the state as it appears, and the surprising thing is that the smugglers of cows have been arrested by members of the union. Member of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA).
Meghalaya bowlers created tricks to take wickets but Karnataka through the two managed to continue scoring runs.
The petition, along with the signatures of many residents who are against the petrol pump, has been handed over to the DC for further consideration. to complete the investigation within a few days.
Under the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi, about Rs 2 lakh crore has been transferred to the bank accounts of more than 11 crore farmers in the country.
The CEO said that there is no thought that there may be seven polling stations in Mawhati Constituency but these too are going smoothly with the assistance of the Assam Police and the Assam Police. The state police especially the cooperation of both the governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 78133 out of which 74964 have recovered and 1356 have died.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Cabinet meeting today took a decision to amend the Meghalaya Minerals Cess Act, which further added 14 categories of underground goods under this Act.
According to information, the delay is because they want to get the MLA schemes first, which remains to be distributed to the people, because until now it is still pending especially in the areas where those MLAs who intend to leave. .
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society, Shillong has held a workshop to discuss traditional agriculture.
Mizoram Tourism firmly believes that responsible tourism can bring about economic growth, environmental protection and social development.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to write to the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuga to increase the revenue share from the Council's mineral resources to 60 percent of all those who should receive. part of the Council.
At the same time, he said the government will set up a committee to look into this.
There are no lights, but there are many lights in the sky.
What they usually do in India to increase the nitrogen content and increase the fertilizer is to mix the cow dung with manure as much as they get from the farm. ).
Therefore, regarding these violations, the union urges the relevant authorities and the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District to order the BSF troops of Bagli Border Outpost. They should not refund or pay any money to the owner of the shop who lost his job due to the robbery and robbery by the BSF and should not register a case against them for the misuse of the law. and to invite the BSF troops to hold a meeting with the participation of the union or as a Joint Meeting so that such incidents will not happen again.
The school was run by Father Jusuit.
In the state, Prestone is the oldest NPP leader among the MLAs, who could leave the party if he really wins the post.
I am surprised to see that these volunteers are receiving a high salary,” said Dr Ampareen while talking to media after opening a meeting with the Health Officers.
New Delhi: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today met with several Ministers of the Government of India, where he briefed on the intention of the State Government, to strengthen the development of the country. the park of the State.
Shillong: The SRSBARN has met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to express its gratitude to the EC for taking care of the issues raised by the 22 villagers. The villages are still under the Raid Nongtung.
“When police questioned him, he confessed that on that day there were six people who came with AK-47 rifles and ordered him to hand over the letter to the authorities. u", the source added.
Retired Justice BP Katakey on 21st June said the court has great confidence and hope that if the Government of India sends police from outside the state, they will be able to arrest The illegal trade in coal in Meghalaya.
However, after being questioned several times, some of them said that the reason is that they are not happy and dissatisfied with the working methods of the Court where they said they have been tortured and forced to leave. do what is beyond their strength.
Head coach of the team, Harpreet Singh said that his team is well prepared for today's match and the players are still encouraged after the victory. which is recent.
Nongpoh MDC Bah Balajied Ranee, Village Authorities and other elders also attended the meeting. The meeting was organized by the MLA of Nongpoh to get the opinion of the people. Many of the people who came out to support the demand to change the Reservation Policy in the state where many of the people have expressed their support and regarding the implementation of the Roster System should not be turned back since 1972 but should continue. play chess.
Meghalaya will start today to complete the remaining innings and need only 42 runs to take the lead.
Dr War said that the health department tests only those people who are in the affected areas and those who need to be tested. testing everything is not necessary.
This is very important for the Election Commission through the Chief Electoral Officer, in collaboration with the Returning Officers of all the districts.
Liquor shops have opened in Tamil Nadu today and it was seen that many people have been invited to visit these shops.
The increase in the price of beverages and other commodities in the State and around the world is a news that has shocked and saddened the poor while the rich have not believed or worried.
Only three officials will be allowed to register with one Club.
Schools and colleges have been directed to explain to teachers and students about this, the source said.
If there is a bad case of those who have come from all over India, that is, if they are positive while under quarantine at home, the Government should not resign immediately because it has no intention of allowing them. COVID 19 to spread in our country, takes the greatest risk; (L) Dr. Sailo, the Government has benefited from the lockdown, otherwise why would those who come from the Red Zone be sent to Home Quarantine?
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, Leader of the People, congratulated the Ri Bhoi Christmas Committee under the leadership of Bah Donald Rymbai, for being able to prepare and beautify the town of Nongpoh. It is the pride of Ri Bhoi and also the gateway to the state where this beauty will enrich the celebration of Christmas and New Year.
Sherman Sohshang, former Sordar of Marngor, said that the residents of these four polling stations have been very eager that these polling stations should fall under Nongstoiñ. He said that many government schemes that the people of these villages should have received have not reached them because the MLA and MDC are not from the same constituency. .
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, today announced the closure of the house of Bah Tender Singh Sohshiang in Jaiaw Umpohliew, the house of Bah Albert Marbaniang in Khliehshnong, Malki, the residence of Dr. (Mrs) Anjali D. Sangma, Rilbong, near Sankerdev Women's Hostel and the house of Dr. (Mrs) Tinnu S Momin, Rilbong, near Meghalaya Assembly.
The time has come for smokers of king size cigarettes or expensive cigarettes to turn to smoking tobacco and the reason is because the Government of India has decided to increase the rules and regulations. , which produce waste or which come above the plastic ban rule.
In the State Legislative Assembly, we have seen the hypocrisy of Dr Mukul Sangma in saying that the state government is not in a hurry to mine uranium and will not do so without the approval of the state government. “KSU SWKH General Secretary Forward Nongrem is trying to exploit this resource which will be a threat to the Jaitbynriew,” said the General Secretary of KSU SWKH, Samla Forward Nongrem.
However, this is not the case in the field and the ASHAs work hard from sunrise to sunset to complete the duties assigned to them.
On the other hand, Bah Wailad, while welcoming these youths, said that Mylliem is very fortunate because although it has not elected Bah Hamlet Dohling as MLA, it still has two great leaders in Mylliem. The Prime Minister was accompanied by Bah Daniel Thangkhiew and Bah Hamlet.
There is also a Wah Umngei near the village where there are many kinds of Dohum and the village takes good care of it and the Tyngeh rule to clean it and it is not allowed to pollute it or to spread medicines or give Tutia to die. Dohum is precious.
Prestone said the Cabinet meeting also approved the amendment to Rule 12 of the Meghalaya Rules 1998 which amends the remuneration of the members of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority Rules
Not only that, the light in the village has been gone for about 8 years, since the loss of the transformer and until now no transformer has been received and they are still in darkness.
“Behold, I come as a thief” Revelation 16:1
According to a statement issued by the CBI, it was reported that these NFR officials were involved in the illegal activities of the private company by preparing the Measurement Book. Account Bills, prompt release of bills for the implementation of NF Railway works as well as prompt release of Security Deposits and Bank Guarantees.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Khasi Authors Society (KAS) on Thursday celebrated its 35th Anniversary of Paila by launching the book Sahkynmaw. the tar to be filled in the Khasi language.
Therefore, they expressed the hope that before the service, all the works from the improvement of roads, water, sidewalks and others will go smoothly.
He said that the same development could come to Meghalaya under the BJP-led government. When asked about the opposition, Bah Mawrie declined to answer.
As we know, the President of India at that time did not agree to pass this Bill.
PURIFICATION Scheme (NPP) – 29423.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has emerged because the laws of the District Council (ADC) have been violated by the state government to protect the people, said the People's Democratic Front (PDF). Report Kharkongor.
In the first half, Nongrah SC beat Umphrup SC 4-1 in the first half.
This fatigue can also be a factor in the deficiency of certain vitamins.
Instead of bringing peace and benefit, this has brought destruction to the family and society.
On this occasion, it was said that Martin M Danggo has been removed from the list of Chairman because the Prime Minister does not trust him and they are reluctant to send him to conduct the dorbar on 25th October. The day to discuss the issue of the removal of the Speaker of the House.
Speaking to Rupang, Doly Khonglah, General Secretary of the Meghalaya International Exporters' Chamber (MEC), said that no quarry traders from Dawki have been licensed yet.
"COMSO requests the people of the state to join hands in holding a public meeting on the 17th November 2019, as a sign of condemnation to the State Government and to follow up with other protests. .
Two days ago I handed over my resignation letter to Bah Hek and informed him that I will leave the party.
A few minutes before the incident, many of the residents of the village were sleeping lyngngai, but they were surprised to hear a strong wind that night, some of them woke up without sleeping. for it was not a great earthquake.
Perhaps there are indeed such cases, and this has happened somewhere and this has been one of the most devastating events in our lives.
Kiev, however, does not believe Putin's explanation, in which the conflict between the two countries has killed 2,300 people so far.
From Jammu to Gujarat, there are 96 crore Hindus.
Therefore, I don't have anything to say or encourage others, but if people want their villages and surroundings to be clean and tidy, they should take responsibility for themselves.
Then, the marketers and their leaders showed understanding and perseverance to the end.
The scientists of the Zoological Survey of India told the reporter that the fish may have reached the Umiam Lake because some people wanted to keep it in the aquarium, but because of the large size of the fish. I can't go and release the Umiam River.
The next day the young man sat in front of Leonardo.
He said that those MSMEs, which have been recognized by the government, will receive 2 percent less than the amount of T.1 crore.
“Once we have received the order, we will sit down and the Government will do whatever is necessary for the safety of our students.
“And Daisy too.
“Regarding the land for the construction of the permanent office building of the Block, we don't have any complaint, because this matter will be up to the Government and the Village Authorities. “The Hima authorities in the area, but it will be a Block within the Ri muliang area,” he said.
The six-month program will include the following topics:- Interviews with prominent people on social media on their views on this issue.
The present Trustees include Mr. JM Pariat, Mr. Wallamphang Roy, Mr. GP Wahlang IAS (Retd), Mr. DM Pariat and DC Shillong as Ex-Official Trustee.
Regarding the cost of construction, he said, “I have already spoken to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who has promised that there will be no cost. financial difficulties in connection with the completion of the construction.
During his visit to the ICDP Central Semen Bank, Upper Shillong, the Minister said that the artificial insemination rate is 5.26% in farmed cows. The national average is 30%.
Informing this after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the maintenance of the roads is the most important after the construction of the road.
However, for decades, the Assam Police have been using their power and harassing the people in the border villages.
AIS God said, “I will work, who can stop me? God is wonderful and great.
The union also congratulated the Police Department for taking the necessary action after finding the bodies of these drivers after a few days.
Besides Ma Lahkmen, Dr. BDR Tiwari, Commissioner & Secretary, Education Department, Meghalaya, RM Kurbah, IAS, Director of School Education & Literacy, AP Syiem, Principal of R.M. Sumer, village leaders, teachers and students.
Nongpoh: The residents of Lumbyrhing village, Pahamrioh in Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday, took part in a cleanliness drive from morning till evening.
He said that the granting of ILP to Manipur has opened the way for Meghalaya to get ILP because Garo Hills does not have ILP. .
“My husband Sanjay Gandhi has won twice and Varun Gandhi has won last time,” she said. and  Sultanpur.
Speaking up: Do we need to think before we speak? Of course, it is very important to think carefully before you speak.
Schools participating in the program include Govt Boys' HSS and Govt Girls' HSS, St. Mary Mazzarello Girls' HSS, QC Springside HSS and Thomas Jones Synod College along with teachers.
The Special Judge (POCSO) Nongstoiñ on 6th June 2024 has released the judge after examining the evidence through the investigation. Beldingstar Khardewsaw under Section 9(m) of the POCSO Act to be punished under Section 10 of the POCSO Act, for lack of sufficient evidence.
Halen's name has appeared in the list of 28 players for the AFC U-23 Asian Cup 2024 Oualifiers.
The Seng has also met with the SDO Civil Amlarem to request him to take action to allow the traders to enter vehicles as last year. Nongpoh: The office bearers of the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division Demand Committee, together with the FTCCM, said that the FTCCM will issue an order next month. In the presence of Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati and Minister of Agriculture, Victor Rani, MDC, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, former MLA Umroi and others. They met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma to discuss the need to upgrade the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub-Division. , it urgently needs to be upgraded to the status of Civil Sub-Division.
Before the children left, the members of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) held a congratulatory meeting and encouraged them to have the spirit of play.
Dr Kharlukhi said the NPP cannot say anything if the parties propose their own candidate but he hopes that the MDA colleagues will reach an agreement.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Principal of the school, B.Richard Uriah, said that the idea behind this initiative is to ensure that the children do not waste their precious time while the government is implementing the the lockdown which we still don't know when these things will end.
Online learning can last for months or years before the disease can be eradicated.
The participation to write a short story in English was in 2014 and the title of the short story is, “Footprints”.
“You have to accept the growth of knowledge.
Bah Korbar said that the market on Sunday is better for those who sell clothes, juti, slippers, second hand clothes and those who sell market but for other items. They walk better on the Sabbaths, but on the Sabbaths there are those who come and sit in the places where those who used to sit on the Sabbaths used to sit.
This is very important in today's world besides teaching books.
Therefore, it is clear that all these parties will have to create opportunities to appoint new leaders, which will not be easy to do so because in many parties there is no fair democracy. long Sengs that rule only from some families.
He urged the parents to allow their children to participate in the social organizations.
Avoid placing objects that increase the pum pum behavior : If the children testify that they are allergic to the change of seasons you need to remove all toys that are soft from their karma.
“Even if the implementation is good, the state government should have ensured that this implementation should have been implemented strictly,” said Pradeep Yadav.
“Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it (Ps 127:1)" There is a need for love, understanding, mutual respect between parents and children, a family that prays together. .
Police have suspected that the suspect is a male.
On the HNLC's request to stop the police raids against its members, the Prime Minister said that after the talks have started, we will see what should be done.
The CBI is preparing to charge those involved under the relevant provisions, but has yet to get the approval of its headquarters in Delhi.
The players are also requested to bring their Birth Certificates on the date scheduled for the verification of their age, which is 5th June
Mawkyrwat, Lber 08 : The Dorbar Shnong Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills District has requested to clarify a little on the news published in the Highland Post on October 05, 2024, which said, The Minister of Water Resources, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, has not yet started working.
Two of the four judges agreed with the CJI that the Court cannot legally recognize same-sex marriage.
The HYC Sohiong Circle would like to inform and explain to all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep that we have great respect for Father Sngi and as the Seng we appreciate the great deeds that this Riewkhraw has done and passed away. Your contribution to the country and the nation.
The HYC leaders raided the petrol pump after receiving information that the foreigners working inside the petrol pump do not have proper documents and also do not have proper documents. you have a Trading Licence.
Bah Ardent explained that the main objectives of the VPP are to remove the burdens of the people which means illness, education and income. books of the people and many other matters.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said 414 cases have been reported from Kamrup Metro district, 282 from Dibrugarh, 251 from Nagaon and 192 from Kamrup Rural district.
Even if the ILP is granted, the railway itself should not be allowed.
She also expressed her gratitude to all the teachers who have worked hard physically and spiritually to guide her, until she reached the goal of victory as she wanted and desired from the bottom of her heart.
“We expect that there will be a big change in the country, the moment women enter the state and central government.
“IIT will complete their review as soon as possible," he said.
“Meghalaya has reached 4 lakh households through the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme.
It was when he became President in 1962 that his students and friends who loved and respected him, wanted to celebrate his birthday in a lavish celebration, because his closeness to the students, he asked them to celebrate his birthday not only for himself, but to celebrate his birthday for all the teachers as a tribute to him It was on the 5th of July 1962 that the birthday of Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan was celebrated for the first time in India as Teachers' Day. Teacher's Day and every year continues to commemorate the great role that teachers have played in the development of education to produce young people who are trained in the field of work so that they can stand on their own feet in various activities and contribute to the country through their activities.
In the 81st minute, Mbappe had another chance to make it 2-2
Shillong, Jymmang 10: After resigning as a member of the UDP, former MDC JTS Thongni and his supporters have joined the Congress party. The Rambrai-Jyrngam Block Congress Committee (RJBCC) was held on 9th June,
On the other hand, the MLA also distributed awards to the employees of the HWCs in the district as an incentive for their hard work.
meghalaya@gmail.com.
He said that the implementation of the VRS for the employees of MCCL is part of the renovation and strengthening of the factory which has faced many problems due to lack of funds due to its inability to generate funds from its old age.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The meeting of the Meghalaya Tenants Verification and Regulation Bill 2016 between the Sengbhalang and the Government today to discuss the implementation of the Meghalaya Tenants Verification and Regulation Bill months before the government takes it to the House of Representatives.
The urban land which has not been covered by this scheme has been taken according to the Hashim Committee sent by the Planning Commission in November
According to the information, these students who have already applied online and the admit cards for the interview have been directed to download from the website.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Umrynjah, Bah J.Kharrngi who congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the MLA. even the assembly hall was his time and now he has renovated the assembly hall with his own help.
Archbishop Dominic Jala and Father Mathew Vellankal were on their way to Clearlake in California when a Toyota Prius they were traveling in collided with a semi truck in Colussa County.
So far, the PWD department has prepared 224 DPRs for 600 kilometers of roads under the PMGSY scheme. for export and import of goods from the state and other neighboring countries like Bangladesh.
Hancock, 42, has also separated from his 15-year-old wife, Martha, with whom he has three children.
“The country and the nation urgently need unity, solidarity to fight on the basis of protecting our unique nation and the state as a whole which is now in the midst of a crisis just because of its failure. The state government should immediately enact the VAB which is an empowerment of the village leaders and also the stieh of the Jaidbynirew,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
New Delhi: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharahman has strongly criticized the Congress party for its allegation that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been appointed as Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Modi has remained silent on the border with China, while Sitharahman has said that it is the country's first Prime Minister, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, who has already signed the agreement. this is the case in the northeastern parts of the country.
Referring to the natural disaster in Uttarakhand, Dr Mukul said the state should also be prepared to face any challenge especially in the field of construction and manufacturing.
Nongtnger said that police will soon take information from the driver of the vehicle who attended the wedding ceremony, as he is currently in Karbi Anglong, Assam.
Jesus paid the penalty for sin from Satan with His own blood on Calvary.
Mukesh Singh took two wickets for 20 runs in four overs while Vishal Paul took wickets for 19 runs in four overs.
In Dagal, the NPP leader said, “Despite the many challenges facing the Government during the pandemic, the NPP has ensured to carry out development works in the state. The NPP Government has done many things that the governments that have ruled for 20-30 years have not been able to do. The NPP Government has built many roads across the state”.
Each policeman was handed over to his relatives.
He said that as Ministers of the Government they take responsibility for the benefit and issues that may affect the people of the State.
This statement is related to Jesus' statement in John 14:6 “I am the way, the truth, and the truth...” Whoever knows the truth knows God, but those who do not know the truth know the truth. They don't know God even if they don't belong to any religion.
It used to be that MPs from the larger parties were invited to speak in the debates first, and if there was time, MPs from the smaller parties were allowed.
Regarding the phone conversation with Roshan, Cherish said, “I have already fulfilled my duty but if this government now wants to bring in all the members of the HNLC, if it proposes “I am ready to accept because I am still friends with them, I don't have anything against them,” he said.
So far, there are 1.38 lakh Americans infected with the virus.
Shillong, July 24: Bonded and Non Bonded Nurse students today refused to take the recruitment examination scheduled to be held today at Nightingle. Nursing House is located in Barik.
There are 195 cases in East Khasi Hills, 19 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 26 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in North Garo Hills, 6 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 6 cases in South West Garo Hills. There are 7 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 10 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills and 2 cases in East Garo Hills.
Lanosha followed behind her and they went from one shop to another.
On Tuesday, the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, expressed his satisfaction with the provision of drinking water to 12 crore households. According to the Jal Shakti Department, out of 1,33,060 households in Mizoram, 1,33,060 households in Mizoram, 1,14,007 households (85.68%) have been provided with drinking water supply systems.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (KJPHSS), Shillong on Tuesday announced that it has decided to suspend the classes for one day. consider the step they should take regarding the resumption of school.
He said that the hostel accommodation should be given to the 3rd Semester students while those who have just been admitted should be allowed to stay as those who are still coming to the hostels with the permission of the authorities.
“This task is not yet in our hands, we have to wait for the reply from the central government to allocate the MBBS course allocated to the state,” he said.
According to a notification signed by Bah H Marwein, Additional Chief Secretary, Excise, Registration, Taxation and Stamps Department, no. ERTS (R) 3/2011/166 in accordance with the power conferred by Section 3 of the Central Act 1954, Ma Chanki Langbang, Acting Dolloi, was appointed as the Marriage Officer.
Ma Jesse Suïam in his speech said that he has tried to provide the most accurate and clean service to all the villages in his constituency.
On the other hand, she congratulated the Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit for bringing up the issue of smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters in New Delhi, Manipur Congress leader Charan Das compared Arambai Tenggol and Meitei Leepun to the RSS and Bajrang Dal.
The MCCL, which is the pride and glory of Ri Sohra, is now ready to be sold in the market (not the Sohra market).
“I ask him (Marak) to let me know if he agrees to go to the field.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) Chief Mohan Bhagwat on Tuesday said that “all the citizens of Meghalaya are Hindus because they live in the heart of Mother India" (Bharat Mata) is like a tynruh in the skum of a dkhewïong.
There are also one or two villages which have been able and there are also those which have been more clean than Mawlynnong but there are still many villages which should try hard to bring about cleanliness from now on.
Although the 'H' disappeared during the time of the French, the later Hima still used the language of the Mawhiang Hima, the language established since the time of Moit Sngei.
Shillong, Nailur 6 : Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader and journalist Saket Gokhale has lodged a complaint with the Lokayukta to set up an independent inquiry into allegations of corruption in connection with the purchase and misuse of vehicles. AIG (A) was appointed by GK Iangrai.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit explained the issues and principles of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) so that the people can understand the principles of the Voice of the People Party (VPP). before they joined and became full members of the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
The distribution of jobs in the roster system ensures that the Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes, other backward classes and other groups, can also show discrimination against the Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes. “It is a playground for all the residents,” said the President of the Achik, Thomas M Marak.
There are four candidates from this constituency including Wanthmu Phawa and another from Wapungshnong village who is from the same village as the incumbent MDC.
In the boxing category, Pynshailang Sohshang, Deep Biswa, Bainlumlin L Nongpiur, Monalisha Vishlux and Eva Waynie Marbaniang won medals.
“It will be a project worth more than Rs 2,500 crore including everything from road connectivity, water supply and the construction of various buildings and office buildings,” he said.
She also witnessed that even the offices of the State Government in various departments have not been fully operational today, due to the threat of three organizations including the Khasi Student Union (KSU), Federation of Khasi Jaintia and The RBYF, the Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HNYF) and the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) have held a protest at Mot Kiang Nongbah this evening to express their sorrow over the death of Four Khasi people were shot dead by Assam police on the morning of the 22nd of this month at Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills.
Mawkyrwat, July 01: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat today informed the residents that the Government of India has given time to the State Government to immediately provide the Aadhaars of the children who They are the beneficiaries of the Special Nutrition Program Scheme which has been a blessing to the children who have received nutritious food through this scheme but who have to You cannot get those benefits if you don't have an Aadhaar Card.
They went to Khasi schools because of lack of education.
Shillong: U Bah Alexander L Hek, Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday said that he welcomes the investigation into the NEIGHRIMS Hospital.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the Principal of the college, Dr AJ Lymba and the story of the college was told by the Vice Principal, Kong Idahunshisha Shullai.
They don't keep their promises to the people.
Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, said that the government has worked hard since 2010 to collect the records and maps of the areas with border dispute with Assam. This is the first time I've been to Assam.
Chelsea are top of the Premier League with 21 points, while Manchester United have 14 points and are fifth.
I.Lawrynniang, MCS, Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, said that the opening of the Dorbar Hall is due to the cooperation and hard work of the residents. short.
Jowai, Lber 13: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has said that Mukroh village belongs to Assam. , this statement of the Chief Minister of Assam has angered the party and especially the residents of Mukroh village and the people of Hynniewtrep as a whole.
He said that in the future, cooperation will be requested in new areas, which may include cooperation in the field of siej.
On the other hand, the rulers declared it a false news and accused, accused against the disciples of stealing and hiding the body of Jesus.
It also sent a message of condolences and support to the displaced people in Manipur with the hope that their voices will be heard and peace will return.
Guwahati is at high risk these days, with 2,184 cases in the past 11 days.
The AICC on Tuesday summoned all the Congress MLAs to Delhi after they sent a letter of no confidence in Dr Mukul Sangma to lead the government. Dikkanchi Shira has been defeated in the Tura Lok Sabha mid-term MP elections.
The region has now been incorporated like other states in the country.
Speaking to media, Bah Pala said, “I confess before you all that my team has gone to meet Dr Mukul Sangma and urged him to come back.
By Babu Manbha Hynniewta, C/o D.N.S.Wahlang Memorial HigherSecondary School, MissionCompound,Shillong.
Therefore, the use of plastic flags would be a problem and their use is prohibited.
Jesus said, “When you see these things, know that it is near, the end is near.
"Then, from that time on, I never forgot my name.
The Gibeonites thought that by deceit or deceit they would be able to support themselves, but they became slaves, carpenters, and water carriers for the Israelites.
Speaking to reporters after returning from Ribhoi District, MPCC President Vincent H. Pala said that the NPP-led MDA government has been robbed. in the BJP Government in Delhi and in the BJP Government in Assam.
This was announced by Assam MP Gaurav Gogoi while talking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, Shillong.
The winners include the UDP candidate and Sitting MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem who received 14940 votes and came second. The Congress candidate, Rona Khymdeit, received 8254 votes.
Shillong, June 19 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday congratulated the four athletes from the state who will represent India at the World Pankration Championship to be held in Uzbekistan.
However, after the government and the authorities of the KJP Synod Mihngi confirmed that it was allowed to hold a large service, out of despair, Barato began to prepare as much as possible to receive the. this Synod is long.
The Divisional Commandant of Home Guard, Bah Paul H.Shylla in a statement sent to the media, requested the Home Guards Volunteers who wish to go to the polling station to inform the Home Guards office. in the Districts of the Marble.
Earlier, Bah Sniawbhalang said that the NPP will come back to power as long as it takes because according to the estimates, the party will get at least 37 seats, 15 seats from Garo Hills and 15 seats from Garo Hills and There are 22 seats in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
In East Khasi Hills, 53 cases including 3 cases from Armed Forces and 50 cases from civilians, 9 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Two cases in North Garo Hills and one in West Khasi Hills.
Bah Monarch ShabongIt took me more than 10 hours to reach Pynursla from Umniuh Tmar, due to heavy rain and dark weather, but I only reached Pynursla at 10.15 pm. The reason for this is that the AS vehicles have been driving along the highway and have been slowly going down to Dawki.
The Ri Bhoi Football Coaching Center has been able to benefit the youth through the collaboration of the Ellion Institute and the Nangkyrsiewthiah Player Youth Club. One of the goals is to train talented youth in the field of football.
He said that many of the Lamwir patients who left Sanker because they did not receive any help when they came to him have now recovered.
This decision was taken at the meeting of the Coordination Committee of the Monolith Festival 2024 held on 13th June.
The CEO said that the elections in the state have been conducted in a smooth and orderly manner without any incidents (except in three constituencies).
There are about 100 Indians working in the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS)-controlled areas and India is still looking for information on these people. including 46 nurses, the report said.
They can also help to open the pores, therefore they help the eyelids to grow and help to strengthen the eyelids.
Before continuing the political discussions, Rupang asked Savio how he feels when he arrives home. “New York is the center of the world. “In Delhi we understand that it is different and in New York it is different but when I arrive in Khasiland we have the best air,” said Savio.
At the Great Public Meeting at Jowai on 1st November 1947, a Resolution was passed on the annexation of the Jaintia Hills as a Unit within the Federation of Khasi States. Mr.S.Bareh at the meeting of the Standing Committee of the Federation of Khasi States on 18th November 1947 as appearing in the newspaper “The Union of Khasi Hills” (Part VII, October 12, 1947).
In the final of the Under 14 men's category, Joel Gatphoh Memorial Sec School played against Dapboklang Giri Memorial Sec School Porla. Dapboklang Giri beat 4 goals to 1 goal.
From his body, the last letter signed by him was found.
Their mission is to bring peace, unity and to proclaim that Jesus Christ is the Savior of the world.
Those from the New World are called (1) the American swan, and (2) the Egyptian swan.
Because mankind has many religions, beliefs and customs.
The final of the 5Meghalaya Games, which came to an end on 20th July 2024 at Monfort Centre, Danakgre, Tura. Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after defeating East Khasi Hills District.
Of the 12 sites, 11 are in Kashmir, five in Pulwama district and one each in Kulgam, Anantnag and Budgam districts and one in Poonch district of Jammu.
Shillong: The High Level Committee (HLC) has sent the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to conduct a reinventory of the residents of Kharmetor area within 10 months.
To see all this, the group went throughout the village.
Bah Process also expressed his gratitude to the people of Mawlai constituency who elected him as MLA 40 years ago where he has tried to work as well as possible for the safety and security of Mawlai constituency. especially because it is a constituency that still needs a lot of development work.
Police also conducted a search at her residence and found several application letters along with the necessary documents packed in unopened envelopes. They also seized a Maruti Van and a Scooty, as well as the police uniform which she used to wear.
She also explained that the availability of other funds is enough to meet the financial needs of the people.
The General Secretary of the party, said that although these men have been seen expressing their patriotism and opposition to the Tangjait, but when they became the CEM of Tangjait, KHADC has accepted the registration of 5 foreigners.
Sub-youth: 1.
In an interview with the media, Blake said that even with her older children she had to do this because she had to fulfill what was assigned to her.
Shivakumar AR, Senior Scientist, Bangalore, who is world renowned, will be the lecturer on the occasion.
In the last three months, four policemen have been killed while 10 civilians have died, according to government figures.
, Coal India Ltd.
Meanwhile, Bah Disparsing Rani, Secretary of the Khasi Heritage Observer Union, which was established in 1999, said that the government should amend the 6th Schedule and not introduce the ordinance. He said that if the 7th Schedule as an ordinance gets introduced, it will reach the point where the Khasi will no longer be tribals but will become tribals.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Sohra MLA Tistosstarwell Chyne has slammed the state government for stealing the money from the Sohra Eco Restoration Project.
On the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the village, a memorial stone was unveiled, the logo of the village was unveiled and a cake was cut.
Regarding the Khasi villages, Slikshon Hoojon, Sordar of Umyiap Nongmynsaw Syiemship, said that the Sordars of Umyiap, Eewnongma, Mawlan, Langpih, Umtap, Madanjaiaw and Langpih have been arrested. , Umwali, Mawdiangsnam, Domtiewaw, Umbyrsit, Umpha, Nongma, Nongmawlong and other villages, have prepared sufficient documents to submit to the leaders of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute when they arrive at the border dispute. I don't want to inspect this area.
Arkijan urged the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to take action against this behavior of the shopkeepers and the people in the district to know and understand that the T10 tyngka ( coin) is the currency that can be transacted and that they should accept if the buyers give, he also urged the district authorities to issue an order and explain to them. public and also to punish those who refuse to take the T 10 coin.
On this occasion, the Seng Rangbah Zone VII invites all the Rangbah Zone VII as well as other Rangbah from the neighboring Zones to attend this meeting. the circle as a demonstration of unity and oneness in Christ.
Bah Rudi is an IFS officer of the 1978 batch.
The festivals to be held at the Synrai Festival include the Meghalaya Kayak Fest, the Shillong Autumn Festival, the North East Olympic Games, the Umïam Boating Regatta, the Hills Festival, the International Film Festival and many others including the Shad. Nongkrem and the Wangala dance.
This is the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct.
This was stated by Bah Wahlang in a meeting with U Nongsaiñ Hima to investigate the death of three people in Umsawli which falls under Mawpat village in the past few days just because they ate a sweet and long tit. venom.
This is another information to the Commissions of Assam and Meghalaya that the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya want a CBI investigation into the Mukroh incident.
The union has requested the government to take action on this issue and if it does not do anything the union will hold a protest.
They don't have a soul because the devil still has a soul that thinks or feels like a demon.
Members of the union have been directed to go to the district police to verify and the names and sports equipment of the union will be sent to the chairman of UALA. They will be taught to start their own businesses and stand on their own feet with the assistance of the government.
The suspect was identified as Basnes Ryntathiang, 20, of Mawkarah village, Mairang Sub Division.
The request of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia District came after the letter of CVD Diengdoh, IAS Secretary, Government of Meghalaya dated 27th Shillong. April 2020 announcing the intention of the Government of Meghalaya to start exporting goods to Bangladesh through Tamabil.
REVELATION 16:1
According to sources, the incident happened at 11 am this morning while the youth was driving a motorcycle No-ML-05E-0
Police in Manipur on Tuesday said they have arrested two members of the People's Liberation Army (PLA). RPF) from Imphal.
At the same time, the Seng sends its condolences to the family of the victims and prays that God will be with them and that Bah Hep Lyngdoh will recover soon.
There is also corruption related to the poor.
The power is 10 times 10 times 100 horsepower.
He said that this is no longer a game because it has entered the rural areas, and added that there is no point in giving the buildings because they will collapse if we forget to build the local people who have ngop doesn't take drugs.
At the same time, Tymmenbasan DK Kharshandi read the Word of God and prayed.
The cleaning of the streets, the ability to collect plastic and the ability to throw garbage along the road and the placement of flower pots along the road, has greatly improved the villages.
Sometimes the wise become fools and the fools become wise.
When asked about the candidates who have already submitted their nominations for the mid-term elections, Dr Sangma said that in fact, he does not know who has already submitted their nominations. Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, has said that the PEC will contest the mid-term elections. He said the All India Congress Committee (AICC) has invited him to come to Delhi on the 3rd of this month to discuss the issues within the Congress party.
The Chief Minister of Assam was speaking while praising the BJP for its work for the Karnataka Assembly elections.
“What is surprising is that the MSPCB's appeal to the district courts has been rejected because of insufficient documents; this is very surprising as the officers do not have the knowledge to lodge the case also".
Gold, silver, or earth, when you seek healing, you have to buy it.
“I hope that if the CEM goes to the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court will approve the District Council,” said Bindo.
The Deputy Commissioner, Bah T. Lyngwa on Tuesday inaugurated the Camp Office at Nonghyllam Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
“The ethnic discrimination comes through the people of the world, not from us small countries,” said Bikash Chettri, President of the Gorkha Student Union.
The Government and the relevant authorities should punish whether they are big or small and should not be partial,” he said.
There are many reasons why people engage in human trafficking.
The strike will last for two days at all the offices of JACATAM while on the third day, there will be a rally at all the district headquarters.
Before leaving for the day, the HNLC would like to congratulate all its members including the army and the political department.
There was a game for the physically challenged, visually impaired, children and women on this day.
Up to 13 persons including three MeECL employees have been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills District Police on suspicion of involvement in the burning of a house in Rymbai village.
Indeed, land in this state belongs to private individuals.
However, when the Hills State received the allocation, they didn't get the land, and this shows that the tarajur has changed.
Electricity consumption will decrease, people will be charged, they will not pay electricity bills, they will be cut off and if they apply for new electricity they will have to go through many rules. MECL will be able to sell to Assam or Bangladesh at the same price as the world.
Assam came second with 12 gold, six silver and two bronze medals while Manipur came third with 10 gold and 14 bronze medals. silver and 9 bronze medals.
In the second match, Mynthong beat Pynthor Youth Social Welfare 2-0
“I don't have the money to buy new clothes for my children this Christmas because I have to spend money to feed my children,” said a teacher after writing a letter to the Prime Minister. the State today.
It will also be the first time that the Meghalaya Games will be brought to the districts after all four of the biggest games in the state have been held in Shillong.
Shillong: Regarding the bomb blast by the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), the Minister of State and BJP MLA, Bah AL Hek urged the HNLC to stop its violent activities as the talks between the State Government and the Central Government have not yet started.
I think it would be BETTER not to allow anyone more than two terms or 10 years in a row.
In fact, the rulers were appointed or elected to be the overseers, the rulers, the judges of the freedom and welfare of the people.
These plaintiffs have not yet said anything about other benefits to which they are entitled such as the DCRG, and others because they want only to receive the monthly pension.
Material : means the materials, the materials, the goods, the materials are the materials used by people; the most important things are the things in the house; goods are the things that people use.
She said that the NCW believes that the empowerment of women is essential in all aspects and this maternity center is an encouraging part of the NCW's vision. Through the NCW, it will discuss to create opportunities through the National Crèche Scheme for them to apply, in order to improve this scheme.
"Therefore, cooperation and completion of tasks that have to be done, cooperation and an approach that respects the welfare of people in order to counter threats to international relations are all the more important now rather than at any other time.
The Principal of All Saints CNI School, Rev S Siangshai who congratulated the District Labor Office and District Legal Services Authority, West Jaintia Hills for organizing this program and also the speakers from other offices who gave detailed explanations. benefit teachers and students.
Besides the team awards, the UBYCC also awarded individual awards including the top scorer, Shemjingmut Kharmyndai from Umbir, Best Goalkeeper from Ferdinand Makri from Nongthymmai Umsning and the Best Goalkeeper. The player was Michael Timung from Rongmesek.
The government's silence on the desire of the people to provide employment to the indigenous people has led the party to fight on this issue.
“East Jaintia Hills doesn't need people who are stupid,” said Samla Sambormi Lyngdoh, President of the party.
On the 26th there will be a pom blang ceremony at 7 pm, followed by a stad pastieh in Khloo Blai, a cultural item of the traditional religious leaders of Raliang Elaka and other ceremonies to thank the people of Raliang Elaka. The Creator to request that the children of the Raid Raid will have good health and prosperity.
To ensure that the services of BIS laboratories are up to date as in other countries, laboratories in Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Mohali, Patna, Bengaluru and Guwahati have been recognized by the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories. (NABL) in accordance with ISO/IEC
However, due to the lack of wickets in the over, Meghalaya's wickets fell one after another.
About the middle of the 3 1⁄2 years of that week, the beast will destroy the sacrifices and grain offerings, which were offered by the Messiah as in the days of Moses.
When money is rich, but it speaks to people even though it cannot buy all these things, shall we say that it is good or bad? Only those who have or give and take will understand.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 : The Central Government has allocated Rs 100 crore for the implementation of the Tura Bulk Water Supply Scheme.
Before contesting the mid-term elections, she was a Minister in the Congress-led government after the President Rule that year.
“The procession to the Secretariat will be decided after a meeting with the Management,” said Bah Kiri.
Dr War said the 10 people who tested positive for COVID-19 and died are Dr John L Sailo Ryntathiang, Semi Bagan from Arunachal Pradesh, Nandeshshwar Duri from BSF who died. Banteilang R Syngngai, Kanchan Singh, Pankaj Gujar of Upper Mawprem, Ram Bachan Rai, Maheshwar Dubey, Rajendra Shah, who died at Civil Hospital, Tura and Sunita, wife of a BSF soldier, died at NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
From the old to the young, They shout “Ha u prah”; Bah Ardent unites, To our beloved nation.
Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth" (3 John 1:2).
They will prepare to play East Bengal in the semi-final on Friday at 7 PM at the JN Stadium.
NASA will provide 'training' to Indian astronauts at one of its bases. .
The school was inaugurated by Bah Hamletson Dohling in the presence of Bah Moris Shabong, President SMC, Bah Everest Thangkhiew and Bah Baswell Nongneng Shanpru. schoolteacher.
Three persons have tested positive for Covid-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to The negative is 19,9
However, when the National Green Tribunal has ordered all the coal mining activities etc, the District Council has not given any protection.
In Luke 15:3-7 he feels sorry for the lost sheep.
Then five runner-up or runner-up prizes.
He said that the Rural Outlet Network (Petrol Pumps) in the rural and remote areas have been expanded with the aim of delivering the petrol to these areas especially the High Speed ​​Diesel to ensure that to get good oil and a reasonable price to meet the needs of farmers and people living far from urban areas.
Nongpdeng managed to tied 142 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 20 overs.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “The Ri Bhoi Eastern Presbytery, which includes all the churches of the Presbyterian Church from Umshew, Bhoirymbong, Kyrdem and Umtlieh, Block-2, have expressed their regret regarding the Cherry Blossom Festival which will be held on the 19th, November 2023 which falls on Sunday and is a special day for the you are a Christian.
Earlier, the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) had rejected the plan and proposal of the State Government to relocate them to the area. the Deputy Secretary to the State Government and other Government Departments.
The UHM has given 10 days to the State Government through the department responsible for the implementation of the project. MCH Hospital Nongstoin has been informed of the equipment taken away.
Such as office work, cleaning of the river, maintenance of roads along the river and others.
(history repeats itself).
Shillong, Naiwieng 08 : The Khasi Traditional Medicine Institute (KHADC) will soon open a new hospital at a cost of Rs 7 crore at Lum Sohpetbneng, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM SYW has met the Director of NIFT to express its opposition to the writing in Hindi at the main gate of the new NIFT at Umsawli.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit has also taken the initiative to commemorate this hero of the country by holding the Woh Tep Kyndait Academic Award which has been held for the past three years.
To live on earth is God's plan, we all agree with that, but how to live is to seek life by ourselves as the great thinkers say, “God helps those who help themselves”.
If you give the ksew a piece of powder, it will die.
“We know 100 per cent that these pending bills will become law when the new government comes back,” she said.
In fact, they have done it without thinking carefully just to get their job done without thinking carefully what will affect the education in our state.
During the march, the members of HITO chanted slogans to condemn the government, the police who shot bombs and the ministers especially the Chief Minister, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and other ministers. government.
The HYC has also found that these people have been illegally occupying the area without any permission from the Cantonment Board or other relevant authorities. .
“We will meet again in a day to decide on the remaining 20 constituencies including 10 in Khasi Jaintia and 10 in Garo Hills,” he said.
The incident has shocked the residents of the area when they heard the news of the assault by a school teacher on a child.
Pathfinders, one of the NGOs, on November 12 handed over a house to an orphan woman at Lyngïong, Tyrsad in Mawngap area.
“It is a pleasure for me to have leaders like Rev. Shanlang,” said Bah Thabah.
In reply, Chief Executive Member of JHADC Thombor Shiwat said that out of the three Forest Beat Houses of JHADC, Ratacherra has collected T.63,700, Mookyndur T.9,81,852 and Garompani T.
Shillong: The incident of rape by youths on Friday night near the Civil Hospital, Shillong and in the Barik Point area, Shillong, on Thursday 25th November, witnessed the incident. Dozens of shops of foreigners have not been able to open their doors without the influx of people who come to the market to buy and sell.
Therefore, in the process of once again reminding the government to implement the demands of the people of the area, the NBAJAC will not stand idly by and will give its support to continue to monitor this issue. demand until the end.
On the need to improve income and social welfare of the people, it is necessary to build these two new offices.
The leader of the truck owners from Assam said that the truck owners who come to carry coal from Assam are facing problems because there are too many collection gates including those of the government and the police. the gate of men who do not know who they belong to.
Alloysius Bina , one of the leaders of the Raid Nongtung Circle , who has retired from the KSU , has also been honored . Samla To be able to serve the community in any field and job he serves.
Conrad gave special praise to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi for sending each Union Minister to visit these states of the North East.
Also in the Tonic solfa where up to 51 youths who want to serve God through singing have trained themselves.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the State Government has considered before discussing the Roster System regarding the implementation of it. the Reservation Policy is based on the number of people, not the Roster System.
Basaiawmoit said that as of now, the government has not paid attention to the district council and many factories and companies have passed away to come to the council to apply for the NOC. Earlier, the MDC of Sohra expressed his concern over the state government's taking of land without the approval of the district council,” said the CEM. on the complaint of the people of Saitsohpen in Sohra.
The Indo-Nepal Peace Treaty is one example of the Congress' initiative to grant Indian citizenship to Hindus from abroad.
It will also open up opportunities for people in terms of employment when government jobs have become very difficult to get.
Our Officers are attending this location and I am waiting for more information.
The donation of these trees is a sign of commemorating the cooperation with the Langpih Dorbar Shnong for more than 20 years.
Bishnoi took three more wickets before the end of the day for 4/5
However, this O.M. dated 10.05.2022, does not take into account that part of the applications that have already been filed, or take into account the decision of the Supreme Court.
Regarding the bill in the village, they said that the man is paid T.300/- and the woman T.200/- per day.
Speaking in the House, u Bah Paul said that the purpose of the KHSRA is to establish this Authority so that they can give full authority to implement the building bylaw.
Shillong, July 20: The National People's Party (NPP) Spokesperson, who is also a Minister in the MDA II government, has acknowledged that the Congress has supported the NPP to form a new EC in KHADC. The EC is not led by the UDP.
Shillong: Sohra today received 265.8mm of rainfall.
In his capacity as the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, he worked tirelessly for the protection of the Khasi people and before retiring from politics, he founded the Union of Kur Rangbah: Bri U Hynniewtrep together with some of the Rangbah Kur from all over the Khasi Hills.
However, at this meeting, Dr Roberts stressed on the need for hospital treatment to bring about proper health and health care.
Before the rally, a short meeting was held between the two parties at the entrance gate of Malki Square, where the President of HANM Sengkmie, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the meeting was held at the Malki Square. After that, a prayer was offered by one of the members of HANM Women's Wing and after that at 1:45 minutes the two organizations started to leave the venue. to complete their Rally.
Shillong, July 31: As part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in 2024, the Blood Donation Cell of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday held a blood donation ceremony. The meeting was held at the Community Hall, NEHU, Shillong in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society and the Meghalaya State Blood Transfusion Council.
The Sheila Presbytery has also appointed him to collect information on the topic of 'History of the Sheila Church'
Nongstoiñ, July 13: U Bah Teiborlin Sangriang, 26, son of Kong Shistita Sangriang, Nongsba, Nongsba, Shillong, has been arrested by the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District. He has been away from home since 2nd July
She is a full member of the BJP and served as an MLA of the Odisha Assembly from 2000-2
The seizure of these coins in these two incidents is believed to have been a payment between smugglers at the border.
Rev. Dr. W. Manners wrote, “Dr. John Roberts was the greatest gift of God to the Khasi people in particular”.
Speaking at the short meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency who was the chief guest and Bah Carnes Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency who was the chief guest encouraged the pastors. , the Elders and all the members of the Bible Society of India Mawkyrwat Branch for carrying out their activities for the service of God and also to spread the message of salvation of God around the world to explain according to the faith of Christians who believe according to the Word of God or the Bible especially to those who do not yet know about the Word of the living God.
The images or parables in the book of Revelation should not be taken as they sound, but only as a means of understanding clearly the meaning they want to convey and explain.
He said that the aim of the school is to produce young children who are proficient in traditional music and who will become teachers of traditional music.
Shillong: Police of Lumshnong Police Station on Saturday night, 25th October 2023, have arrested three persons from a Sumo with 125.19 grams of heroin.
Mawsor said the Act could not prohibit MLAs/MDCs from nominating themselves as the district council is an independent body and has not fallen into the hands of the state government.
The KSU said that it will continue to monitor the demands if the NEIGRIHMS authorities fail to implement them.
According to the signs, the truck was driving faster and before turning, it hit a heavy mawsalin outside the road on the road to Kiang Nangbah Stadium or Iawthyme, which is a narrow road.
Progress is how to bring culture, politics, and business practices closer to and attract to them.
Before breaking these colours, the ceremony was concluded with Iatan Bhang and this time Phang Nein won against Phangwah who believed that this year the income will be enough. The crops will be good and they will be healthy and prosperous and there will be no calamity.
Lydia asked again.
“In fact, I have urged the Central Government to provide a special development grant to the State for the great works done by the State Government in this State,” he said. He also met with the Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh to convey the need of the state.
The role of the prime minister is not the job of a child and the people of the country know it well and therefore, they have given a strong condemnation to the Congress party.
Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh and Co-Chairman of MIDC was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Balajied Ranee MDC, Bah CB Syiem, former CEM. KHADC, Bah Owen Terang one of the elders of the area, MAYU leaders and other elders.
Later missionaries such as William Lewis, Griffith Hughes, Thomas Jones II, Thomas Jerman Jones, Hugh Roberts helped to promote literature and reading.
Police said that after this incident, Sengjon has now fled from the hands of the law.
Members of the union also met with the DC at his office in Tura to request for his intervention on this issue.
Shillong, Naitung, 27: The National People's Party (NPP) Women's Wing today strongly condemned the people involved in the disturbance and threat to the life of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma during his meeting with various groups. at your office in Tura.
She said that the Committee has convened a meeting to be held on 31st June at the Conference Hall of the Secretariat. There has been a lot of trouble in the past few days.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cycling Association (MCA) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cycling Association (MCA) will hold the Cycle Yatra 2018 today, 2nd March, 2018 at 10:00 am to mark the 2018 Cycling Day. 150th birthday of Mahatma Gandhi.
Shillong is also the city where vehicles from other states pass through the national highway-6
After about 3 hours of closing the gate of the company, the officials of the company arrived and in talks with Pawan Kumar, one of the officials of the company, they immediately agreed with them. The union has demanded the implementation of the Minimum Wage Act, but Pawan said he has asked for only one or two days to do what the union has ordered.
Coach – Dheeraj Jadhav (BCCI assignee); Manager – Dister Marbaniang; Trainer – Shaun Chris(BCCI assigned) and Physio – Dr.Manish Kumar (BCCI assigned).
“This is not the first time that this has happened since 2012 and we want to solve this problem from time to time at the gate.
Modi today said the incident in Manipur has humiliated 140 Indians and is unforgivable. The photograph of the two women, which was posted on social media, yesterday.
Regarding the area under the jurisdiction of PWD Nongstoiñ Division, there is an area that the company has not yet started to implement, from Kynroh to Nonglwai II. The parts of the road which should pass through, have not yet been decided how the road will be constructed.
The Society is registered under the Meghalaya Societies Registration Act
If the people think about change not only from the Congress, but there are others who have more wealth than us, who know more than us, who are higher than us, who would have led but they are afraid of the people. If they sell them, they will sell themselves for money and who can buy them, because of this, our country has not changed, our Meghalaya has not changed.
In another development, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah has called on all to stand united against the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 which is aimed at converting Hindus to Indian citizenship. , Sikhs, Persians, Christians, Jains, Buddhists from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
“Looking at the MPCC under the leadership of Bah Vincent H Pala, we are confident and confident that we will be elected by the people because when you look at the coming of this Government in June,” he said. -Lber, something has changed.
When the VDPs tried to talk or stop them, they shot, beat and tarred the IDs of the VDPs and threatened the village leaders of the Waheh Shnong. Willy Pophplet and Village Secretary Shri Sibil Tariang.
If they don't receive my love, they must be punished.
The winners of this competition were as follows:-For the residents – 1st Male – Kresstarjune Pathaw, 2nd – Emphius Nongrum, 3rd – Ribet Dkhar. – Kharjahrin Hope For the Defense Forces – 1st Male – NP Singh, 2nd – Mudang Omo, 3rd – Bharat BhushanFor the Defense Forces – 1st – Sonai Ingtih, 2nd – Wansumariaka Rabon, 3rd – Meris Klein Male – Enlakador Giri Wanswett Youngest Age – Female – Elithia C.KharsatiOldest Age – Male – Disil Nongrum Oldest Age – Female – Eldalyne Kharsati.
The party has also fixed a date to meet the Prime Minister as soon as possible to discuss the outstanding issues.
If we try to stick to the old laws without changing them, we are holding the 'rule of the grave.
He said that it is necessary as party leaders to continue to work harder despite the many challenges they will face in the implementation of the work.
Indeed, more than 30 opposition parties have formed the I.N.D.I.A which is a synrop group to fight against the BJP.
Since no one used this government building, this place has turned into a place for drinking alcohol and other illegal activities.
Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge on Thursday alleged that the Narendra Modi government has planned to use force with threats of an attempt to kill democracy by misusing investigation teams. against senior opposition leaders, as he slammed the central government over the raid conducted by the ED team at the residences and business premises of the family of former Bihar Chief Minister u Lalu Prasad Yadav.
The Chairperson of the SCPCR, Iamonlang Syiem, said that the District Protection Officers together with the Police have rushed to the scene to investigate the incident.
One-Stop Centers have been set up in all 11 District Headquarters and these have been linked to the 181 hotline to provide assistance to women.
Teiskhem Kharmuti, Secretary of the NCPC, while talking to Rupang, said that the meeting will be a large one, as they have informed all the villages under the NCPC. the entire Nongkrem Constituency.
On the other hand, Pastor MJ Hynniewta said that the discussion was to follow the SOPs as issued last year, but now the decision has been taken that the children under the age of year, you shall not come to the place of worship.
“We have received information that the VAB of KHADC is still in the Law and Justice Department of the Union Government to review some of the rules,” said the Chairman of the Union of Rulers of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH). Werlok Kharshiing while talking to Rupang on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 22: U Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Information and Public Relations (IPR) of the State Government today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the office of the Directorate. in the presence of Chairman of Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation Ltd (MGCC) Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh- MLA, Commissioner & Secretary of IPR MH K Marak, Director Deputy Regional Passport Officer & Passport Service Centre, MS Sangma, Managing Director of MGCC S Nongkynrih, government officials, IPR staff and journalists.
In Jowai, the elderly, women and children participated in the procession to Wah Myntdu from Iawmusiang to the place of immersion under the leadership of the Sarbajanin Durga Puja Committee, Jowai.
The diseases that the rich write about are the diseases.
The Bill was introduced in the new Parliament of the country which came into force today.
The meeting was held at the conference hall of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai on Tuesday.
The houses damaged include the houses of Slianghun Nongrum, Senthias Sangma, Phetrict Momin, Kedin Marak and Syian Paite. They fled the scene as soon as they had finished doing the work.
Shillong, July 02: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Leader Awhai Andrew Shullai on Friday alleged that the NPP is only a B-Team. The TMC candidate from Jowai also criticized the NPP which has been allied with the BJP since 2018 despite the attacks on Christians since 2014, after the BJP took over the party. he shall rule over the land.
The article “Martinelli” has been circulating since 2016, but it was said that when receiving these articles, it should not be used or sent to other mobile phone users.
Now I'm a little happier after my father came home, but you..." Lok Bah Let said, "To Kong, time will be the cure. u Maheh said the same thing.
Ladiang Khongwet won the Best Player title, Nisola Khongmawloh won the Best Goalkeeper title and Menangpyndap Khongjee won the Best Goalkeeper title for the men. Khongshun and four top scorers scored four goals each including Bradly Masynting, Menangpyndap Khongjee and Ricardo Khongnoh.
In his speech, the President of the UDP praised the MLA of the constituency, Bah Remington Pyngrope and urged him to work hard so that this government led by the Congress is a good government. Dr Donkupar expressed his satisfaction with the return of Bah HS Shylla to the UDP. In the mid-term MDC elections, Bah Shylla is expected to win the election from Nongkrem constituency.
