Shillong: After Meghalaya, Bihar became the second poorest state in India, Meghalaya has become the second poorest state in terms of per capita income. within India in terms of the annual income census.
“The State Government has proposed a land at Mawkhanu, but we have to consider it before we proceed.
He said that anyone can seek RTI against any department to know the proper implementation of schemes from the government in the villages.
“At present, we don't see any suitable option.
These Heads of Government said that only the expenditure of NHM, which is the implementing agency of the Central Government programme, amounting to T.567,29,72,968, (more than T.567 crore) has not been counted. especially when most of the medical supplies and infrastructure are funded by the DHS(MI) Office.
Many contractual employees are unaware of the rights that the Government of India has set for them.
The Durbar Bah of Farmers will start from 4th November to 5th November
However, they want the candidate for the upcoming election to be handed over to the primary units to elect.
Today, 30.6mm of rain fell in the city.
el.
Eldie was accompanied by Education Secretary Kitboklang Nongphlang and East Khasi Hills District President Elton Cliff Warjri.
They are as follows:- (1) Citrus aurantifolia lime and Hindustani nimbu or kagzi nimbu (2) Citrus limgnia (3) sour lemon (citrus limonia var limetta) and mitha nimbu'.
Therefore, the union urges the state government to take action to complete and continue the road from Sonidan to Umsiang, as it is one of the most important roads in the country. “If this road can be completed, it will be one of the most important roads in the state, which connects to the Jagiroad area of ​​Assam,” he added. .
Shillong: U Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MP candidate nominated by the UDP and other ethnic parties, will file his nomination papers for the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government today in Shillong. 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
If so, what is the point of having kings? The right to be kings is only for a few tribes who are worthy to be kings.
" said Lanosha. The woman listened for a while.
The final match of the second round will be on 11th November between Mutong YSC vs Pynthorsale and Umrasong vs R Madanpynriang.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, said that the group was formed to discuss with the government the needs of the state and the problems as a group and not alone.
They have simply acted hostile to the media system which brings many consequences.
Similarly, parents when their children are 14 years of age or older, or from Class VIII (class Eight) onwards, should work smart to be close to their children, not only as parents but also as parents. They have a heavy duty as guardians, they will be able to have children who know man and know God, children who will bless the parents who gave birth to them.
That also depends on the knowledge and ability of the MLAs or MPs to understand the laws.
(Active) And this disease is starting to spread and spread to the people inside the state.
Shillong: The Primary School Teachers Association (APSTA) will continue to celebrate the 172nd death anniversary of Sir Thomas Jones I, known as the “Father of Letters”. at the same time it will commemorate the 179th anniversary of the establishment of Lower Primary Schools in these beloved Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The Forum asked, when they plant their own trees on their own land, why should they cut down and move away? If we cut down these trees, it shows that we are planting them in the place of others.
Documentaries were also shown to children to send a message on the environment to protect it.
You can also download these tickets from www.megtransport.
Ramesh Dkhar and Rikmenlang Lamare were arrested by the residents and handed over to the police.
The other tranche is Rs 4,984.80 crore from 15 states – Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Goa, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Maharashtra, Manipur, Meghalaya, Odisha, Punjab, Tamil Nadu, Tripura – for the year 2023-2
BJP Uttar Pradesh chief MN Pandey said he had summoned the two to Lucknow and made it clear that the party would punish them severely for the incident.
Don't be surprised and don't be surprised if I say that as soon as the lockdown in India is over, the Coronavirus will explode like a suicide bomb that hasn't been hidden from people and is waiting for the right time. I will not be ashamed of the murderer of the righteous. Then it shall be impossible to stop the injury caused by that fire by any power or by any wisdom, until it has taken away the precious lives of tens of thousands of people. or thousands of them.
Three persons were arrested by the East Khasi Hills Police from Guwahati, Assam on Tuesday.
In March 2017, the Government of India launched the Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana – SAUBHAGYA in conjunction with the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana (DDUGJY) scheme with the aim of providing electricity to all villages. urban and rural families.
“For the next financial year, our GSDP is expected to grow to Rs 46,600 crore, an increase of 11.5 per cent,” he said.
“Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that during the elections, the handshake is done by everyone, in which not only the BJP but other members of the coalition government have accused many. “But the election is over and the decision has been taken.
And on the tombstone was written “Leit suk Rida.
The 10-year Visionary Perspective Plan (2020-2030) for the conservation of avian diversity in the country aims to promote the development of avian diversity. conservation of bird species and habitats in India.
The union has strongly opposed the allocation of jobs worth Rs 3 to Rs 4 crore to one person, which deprives others.
The Dorbar Shnong should also get the cooperation of all the residents so that in case of any incident, it can stand without delay.
“It is regrettable that the Clan Bill of KHADC has been pending in the Legal Department of the State Government for six months. Bill is very important.
“If the police and law enforcement agencies do not act, the HNLC will take strong action,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the HNLC.
The team left for Kherapara OP and conducted a thorough investigation and arrested them.
Bah Paul said the government is determined to take action on the issue of drug trafficking and that he will work with the police and the Dorbar Shnongs to resolve this issue.
She said that during the opening of the coal mines, she used to earn a living by mining slate in the coal mines. On the 24th of November 2014, five years ago, she too came out to join the march, but this woman on that day turned into one of their supporters. bullets fired from police guns.
Grace said that one of the reasons for her resignation is because the PDF party does not want to nominate a candidate in the PDF. MDC of Lyngkyrdem constituency.
The delegation was led by Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Vice President, CEC in the presence of other leaders including Francis G Mawlong. and other members of the CEC. Furthermore, the union said that besides the investigation, the party will also try to talk to such youths together with their relatives to find ways and means to place them. in the clinic.
There are many other pests and diseases that damage rice in other parts of India, but I cannot say how much these others will cost the farmer in Khasi-Jaintia.
However, this does not mean that the cultivation of organic fertilizers will not be encouraged but will be encouraged except in some of these areas especially in those areas where cucumbers, cucumbers, rice, sohsaw and so on. ter".
He said that the State Government cannot just throw them on the streets.
The final will be played on Tuesday (20th) at 7 pm at Duliajan, Assam.
He said that the application for trading license and the renewal of trading licenses depends on the rules and regulations which have already been contained in the Acts and when they are sufficient, the KHADC will not. These foreigners can be denied trading license and the condition for obtaining trading license is also based on obtaining NOC from Rangbah Shnong and without NOC from Dorbar Shnong the Council cannot issue trading license. license.
The meeting was attended by BSNL employees and others.
He said the Laitumkhrah Dorbar Shnong has rejected the ownership of Philamon Mawrie and the holding of festivals and other programs has upset the owner of the land without permission.
Shillong: The CoMSO, a coalition of political parties, today said that it does not accept the CAB (Citizenship Amendment Bill
please correct.
“For 4 years he has been running away with his wife and it was witnessed inside the Dorbar Shnong and the documents were read that he has no relationship with his ex-wife. “It's not like I'm going to be responsible for his death or life,” said Sabina.
In the match between CSA Dienchynrum United and 7 Wasa FC, the match ended with Dienchynrum United winning 3-1
In Laitkor there are two places including Mawbynna and Mawkynthei.
Thus the Jews lost their priesthood and the Kingdom of Priest because of their beard.
According to Ardent, he does not agree that a leader of the people should serve two masters and he agrees that one person should hold one position, but he reminded that it is the people. who forces you to.
He was speaking a few days after the HNLC announced that it would withdraw from the peace talks saying that the government has failed to implement their four demands including the demand to withdraw from the peace talks. There are no charges against the leaders as well as the members of the party.
Guwahati: Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, has announced that the Athgaon Kabristan Masjid in Guwahati has been closed down after it was found to be a safe place. COVID-19 disease.
When asked whether the conversion of the Technical University into a State University is only to encourage students to take the Common University Entrance Test (CUET), he said that in public administration it is necessary to listen to the students. the voice of many, and can never always be based on a single or one-way view.
Germans killed 20 lakh 50 thousand 877; the French killed amounted to 13 lakh 97 thousand ; The British who were killed reached 11 lakh 14 thousand.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the PHE department has held a meeting today to review the implementation of the JJM scheme in the state. communication of problems, suggestions from engineers, officers and contractors.
The leaders of the land vendors should be invited to discuss this issue.
At the same time, Bah Renikton encouraged the players of the two teams who have reached the final to play well and to put in them the spirit of fighting so that their team can win. reach the goal of success.
Mawlai Christian Secondary School won the Best Discipline Team title, while Kevin Rymbai and Proficiency Ksih of North Liberty School won the Best Goalkeeper title.
Three persons were injured and several shops were damaged when someone touched hands and set fire to KSU members in RR Colony and Iew, yesterday. Rynjah or in the place where they live.
Ma Thombor said that the boundary of Lapangap village is not clear and this is what has caused the incident in Lapangap.
“If as a ruler he cannot resolve and he cannot rule but he files an FIR but we don't know who will judge it shows that he doesn't have any idea about the Syiem,” said Latiplang. shall as soon as possible take a final decision on all these complaints against the King.
He also reminded the participants that God is the light and Jesus Christ is the light of the world.
This road is also under construction but has been filled with a small amount of garbage.
Without farmers, the entire country would starve to death.
In addition to these cooks were appointed as assistants.
On the other hand, Bah Syiem also sought assurance from the Dy CM on the need to expedite the investigation and chargesheet against those involved in pending incidents or cases.
The road has been constructed by Khliehriat C&RD Block and VEC Ratacherra since November and is expected to be completed in June
However, the source said that Bablu has been creating trouble until he has reached the point of fighting and said that these Khasi workers always receive food from these foreigners if anything happens. they don't have any more food.
He also encouraged the students to be hardworking students who have the goal of winning in any kind of sports.
JSU General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchien together with JSU members from Nartiang and others were involved in a clash between Karbi and Khanduli residents on Friday.
Many HSPDP leaders including former MLA Witting Mawsor, former MLA Diosstar Jyndiang, MDCs LG Nongsiej were also present at the meeting.
The Ministry of MSME, GOI has taken the initiative to study the land construction sector under the leadership of Dr K. Venkata Rao, Deputy Director, Rural Craft and Engineering.
Furthermore, the teachers of the school expressed their gratitude to the president of the SPC who earlier donated a Wall TV to the school which has helped the students to learn more. -Learn more information through videos from YouTube and others.
The program was held at the Royal Global University in Guwahati, Assam.
“Hooid kein... That Panah didn't come out... He just sat in his bed...” said Niakha to Rida. "I hope it will be like that..." said Kong Mer, turning back to Rida's house.
This demand was made by JSU General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen at the laying of flowers to commemorate the 161st death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah Khlawait and freedom fighter against the British Government on 30th November at Lum Mooliksoo. .
Even if you don't come to the lyngkha with your ktung and you don't feel sad, you don't have to worry because the fire is still alive.
Shillong, November 7: The KJP Synod Sepngi Urban Mission, today inaugurated a training center for those who have fallen into illegal activities such as alcoholism, drug abuse, who have fallen into fornication and other evil deeds.
The LRO on Tuesday evening spread information through Twitter that members of the KSU were involved in the incident which happened at Mahadev Khola.
On the other hand, the MLA of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, while distributing these bins, today met with the leaders of the area to discuss many issues affecting the Jirang. imlang and society.
When asked how the Government will address the problems of the people who are not willing to provide land for the construction of a garbage dump in the state, Bah Wahlang said, “There is a reason for what is known. as in 'NIMBY', “not in my backyard'
Shillong: More than 32 crore poor people have received financial assistance worth Rs 29,352 crore under the scheme of the Government of Meghalaya, according to the Press Information Bureau (PIB). to the Prime Minister of Poor Welfare.
In your speech; Mawlong explained that the PMJJBY is an insurance scheme where a person between the ages of 18 and 50 years can contribute only 330 tyngka per annum and his family members can receive up to 2 lakh tyngka in case of accident. he died.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of Imphal West District, was robbed by a mob on Tuesday morning.
Shillong, March 31: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has proposed to set up a Village Level Anti-Theft Committee in every village to prevent the theft of electricity by people. fire the government.
Jowai, November 1: The Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim has congratulated the HDFC Bank Jowai Branch for its donation to the schools in Mukhla Nongrim. LP School to build toilets for these two schools which are sponsored by HDFC Bank and constructed by SACH.
Raja Brahma, Addl.Deputy Commissioner, Ribhoi was the chief guest in the presence of PL Nonglait, District School Education Officer, Ribhoi. Sports Officer and others.
The incident of cleanliness of a student at NEHU Tura Campus has raised the price of the university and this has shocked the incumbent Vice Chancellor Prof.PS Shukla who has just taken over. to run this school for a while.
Brazil came in second with 10,32,913 cases and 48,954 deaths.
After joining the BJP in the government, Pradyot Manikya Debburman said that the party will continue to look after the rights of the minorities despite being in the government.
During these 60 years to date, the nine editors and journalists under them have thought carefully to be guided by righteousness and truth.
Bah Cleophast Thre Nongrum is a resident of Umdaprangi village in Ri-Bhoi District and as an elder from Ri Bhoi District he came forward to speak on the state of the education department. on the problems and persecution of teachers in the state that the government and even the leaders have put aside the education department.
Shillong Lajong FC under the leadership of Bah Bobby Nongbet substituted three players, Baby Sunday Marngar came on for Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah in the 61st minute. Hamedamanbha Wahlang came on for Hardy Cliff Nongbri in the 70th minute and Amon Lepcha came on for Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem in the 79th minute.
Kishan Lyngdoh has set a record in the T20 cricket tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (EJDCA) by reaching the semifinals at Mookhep Stadium in East Jaintia Hills District.
The 3 reasons why Balajied will win are:- Jaw ummat only those who are bloodthirsty, why those who have been sympathized for 31 years are pigs???.
On June 2, 2,000 policemen from Sukma and Bijapur went to Tarrem forest in Bijapur district with the aim of attacking a Maoist camp in the area.
He said that in West Khasi Hills there are schools which are 20 kilometers, 40 kilometers and more away from their centres. However, schools will not be able to extend these 2 hours.
There are currently 60,000 cases of covid-19 in the country.
Another high priest of Lei – Longspah was a merchant or a merchant.
The Secretary of the HPC said that recently the Government has admitted that it has already provided accommodation to 40 households living in Them Metor but on this Gurjit demanded that the Government should to reveal the names of those employees whom it has provided accommodation and where their accommodation is and when the Government has provided accommodation to them.
So far, the group has 9 MDCs, the Congress has 6 MDCs and the total number of MDCs has reached 15 out of the 29 MDCs. Teinwell said that they have no intention of joining hands with the Congress party but they said that there will be more independent MDCs who will join them.
To have a requirement for the Village Women's Associations and Village Youth Associations to submit their annual reports to the Executive Dorbar Shnong. To have clear rules on the collection and implementation of the contribution of the Bynhei Shnong, Kur, Raid or Hima to be sent to their Dorbars annually. .
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Spokesperson James K Sangma said the order for home delivery should not exceed 3 liters for English and 4 liters for the beer, and this will be for each customer.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Bah Donkupar Sumer said that the statement of the leaders who tried to rapjot themselves by saying that the party has not insulted him, but he has He said that the reason for his departure from the party is because the UDP party since President Bah Donbok Khymdeit has not respected him anymore and until now the party has been ruling by force. u Bah Donbok Not.
“We have never heard a word from Mukul Sangma's wife Dikkanchi Shira that she will not speak in the House but how can she go to Parliament,” said KHNAM General Secretary Bah Batkupar Wahlang. message.
Only 32 teams will be accepted, the closing date for receipt of entries is 12th November,
Speaking to the people who accompanied Bah Adelbert to the High Court, Bah KP Pangniang, EM in charge of the Elaka, said that the order of the High Court is a great opportunity for foreigners to enter the High Court. “We have to stand up to maintain our power and authority, we have filed a case to fight against this decision. “We don't want to see the authorities being destroyed, even if the District Council has to be punished but we have to maintain our power and authority and our customs and traditions,” he said. bah Wisdom.
The 3rd Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) continued at Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai on Tuesday.
He said that no FIR has been lodged against him , but the police have called him to take a statement “I don't understand the arrest but as soon as we reached the Sadar Police Station, they confiscated our mobile phones and told us that we had been arrested. “If the people still trust him, he will continue to hold the post of Sordar Shnong,” said Bah Peter.
“The statement of the owner of the shop is very suspicious and police are conducting a thorough investigation into this,” said the SP. At 4 or 4:30 pm, three or four people came to ask for the key and he gave the key to them and fled with one of his employees. to the police at the jeep parking lot at Karikhana and within five minutes the police arrived at the scene, but surprisingly the shop was closed while the smoke came out.
In the petition, the Seng said, “There have been many cases where applicants, at the C&RD Block offices with the assistance of the Association, have been refused to receive the PMAY-G scheme despite the fact these applicants are below the poverty line.
Immediately after the incident, the driver of the dumper fled the scene.
The Uniform Civil Code is a proposal by the Government of India to create and implement personal laws for the citizens, which will apply equally to all citizens of the country regardless of religion, gender.
Lafarge Umiam Mining Pvt.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHU has decided to lift the indefinite strike after the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.P.S. Shukla expressed his readiness to discuss the nine demands of the party.
On the other hand, Dr. Ampareen said that the equipment was taken away because there were no staff.
“We have drafted this Act to make it easier for consumers to submit their complaints from their mobile phones,” Paswan said.
Shillong: The Adhoc Teachers of LP, UP, Secondary and Hr.Secondary Schools in Amlarem Subdivision under the Lama of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) have held a strike. today 28.04.2022 in Amlarem; from 10.00 AM to 3.00 PM, with the participation of about 150 teachers and the strike will continue till today,
Like Rasheed, who was the first MP to be expelled from the Rajya Sabha, the two MPs also became the first in India's history to be expelled from the Lok Sabha. The decision was taken by the Supreme Court.
Under this programme, MSRLS has also installed 380 Multi Cropped Kitchen Gardens.
“Politics in Jaintia Hills is always a politics of money power, intimidation and violence,” said the VPP leader. The area has started to spread to other parts of the state and such politics has come into the constituency he is contesting.
They are the ones who have betrayed their own country and nation.
“We want to make Meghalaya a state of excellence in health care,” he added.
Goyal said the production of dewbilat at the plant will increase to 18,000 metric tonnes per annum after the completion of the new project.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Marak said, “All the machines have been completed and what remains is the main part of the training for the farmers. so that they know the process because without training they will not be able to implement".
This is another issue,” said the Principal Secretary.
Equality and integrity have been mentioned since India gained independence from the French.
They shall not be buried, neither shall men mourn for them.
This is the area where there is a coal mine and there is an understanding with the police in these illegal activities, the report said.
We also send our heartfelt condolences to our loved ones, family members, Kha family, friends and relatives, we hope that God will bless you all. Blessed be you, your household, who have kept her all the days of her life.
The 50 to 60 feet high dam was constructed by a contractor named Bah Kemel Marbaniang from Umroi.
“We see that on every special day of the Bri u Hynniewtrep, it is the offices of the Central Government who are reluctant to open offices without knowing that it is a holiday,” said Bah Ryngkhlem.
According to a statement issued by the NFR, its staff, in the past few weeks and months, have conducted inspections and inspections of various railway facilities. These inspections were conducted to identify deficiencies in the railway infrastructure – to improve and upgrade their infrastructure.
The video of the MLA while he was drinking water and holding the knife has spread around the country through facebook and whatsapp.
The Central Recruitment Board has selected 1,010 policemen from 1.5 lakh applicants.
The KSU leader also asked these leaders, “What have they done for the development of South West Khasi Hills District? UCIL to the State Govt for the Wahkaji PHC. What they have done on the collapse of the Uranium Dam which will endanger the people of the area and what they have done on education and the villages which do not have roads. in this area.
For those who are new to this village, you can use the google map “Moolamylliang Presbyterian Church” or scan the OR Code.
On the other hand, the union urges the Deputy Commissioner to take more action regarding this road as it has caused too much trouble to the people.
However, the problems faced by the people are increasing from day to day because of this disease and therefore, it is necessary for him to understand,” he said.
The 16 issues include land, agriculture, income and so on.
He also asked the Chief Minister why he has hidden the opinion of the High Level Committee on Influx (HLCI) headed by former Chief Secretary Bah Bindo M Lanong.
The convention, which was organized by the Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement (SACYM) Zone (VI), was held to bring strength in the faith among the youth and especially to the youth. eh for the sake of bringing about the good in the home, in the community and in the society, because the future of the society depends on the youth.
There are also jyrwit-jyrwat,” said Marngar while talking to reporters on Tuesday.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) confirmed that the suspect was shot dead while members of the group were trying to arrest him for further investigation.
There are two or three other suspects who are not from Meghalaya or Assam and the search for them is ongoing.
He said that the speed of the wind produced by the miracle was very strong. The old man said that he had never seen such a miracle in his life.
The Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act has been in force in Nagaland for decades.
They were identified as Welldone Kharngi, Franky Thabah and Shlurbor Kharngi from Shiliang Dongki Polling Station.
Taking part in the discussion of the Governor's speech, Dr Mukul said that the MRSSA is one of the best laws in the world to curb the entry of foreigners and illegal immigrants into the country. state.
The Teachers Union, which is responsible for the welfare of the teachers, will take strong action to implement this demand, said Bah Samiam.
The KSU was the first party to take up the issue but now it has been seen that many parties have taken up the issue against uranium.
I am happy to have the opportunity to share with you in my life.
Yes, that is what heaven must look like and that itself must be its image.
The purpose of politics is to work for the welfare of the people in all aspects.
Not only that, the foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of the new Block Offices has also been held almost every month.
The teams that reached the final of the tournament were Youngest boy FC against Sakwang SC in a thrilling match in which Youngest Boy FC lost by 1-1 1 – 0 goal against Sakwang Sports Club.
• You don't have to pay for the test at the price set by the government but you don't have to pay if you go for the test at the testing centers set up by the government.
Residents of Lailapur and other villages in Cachar district of Assam have called for a road blockade from 28th March 2020 demanding the withdrawal of Mizoram police from the area. The area is claimed to belong to Assam, while Mizoram claims that the area where the police are stationed is on the border of Mizoram.
Moonlight Byrsat scored the first goal for Rympei Pip in the 8th minute and Charlie Syiemlieh for Western United in the 8th minute. 36 minutes.
He said the goal of the VPP is 'Clean Politics' which means to bring about clean governance in the state.
Rejecting the allegations, the Minister said, “You will receive the water bill only when the work is completed.
When I look at the world, I see that these things are near.
Shillong, July 28: The MDC of Mawhati Constituency who is also the Executive Member of the KHADC has strongly criticized the expenditure of funds by the KHADC as reported in the media under the Right to Information Act. RTI).
The allocation of funds has reached the office of SDSEO Shillong on 24th July 2019 and the union wants to meet on 2nd November 2019 to discuss the release to the teachers as soon as possible.
In addition, the US and South Korea have warned North Korea from time to time to stop its nuclear weapons launch as it would endanger neighboring countries.
He also encouraged to raise many other animals such as broilers and others and not to rely too much on foreigners and to produce many other products for export.
These include EGH: 12, EJH: 16, EKH: 244, NGH: 05, RBD: 168, SGH: 11, SWGH: 05, SWKH: 14, WGH: 63, WJH: 20 and WKH:
Other performers include Rishai Shangdiar, Bisharlang Langsah, Sambor Wansai, Brandon Lyngdoh Nonglait, Anisha Syiemlieh, Naphi Sohktung and Emidaka Kylla.
The Department of Food and Public Distribution is working to improve the distribution of food items to the disadvantaged sections of the society through the schemes of the Government of India for social welfare.
The Hynniewtrep people have been called by the people as “TIP BRIEW KNOW BLEI, TIP KUR KHA KHA AND KNOW AKOR TIP BUROM” Because they know how to love and respect each other but now it has turned into a shambles just for personal gain or because They were wise, they were willing to sell at auction their relatives, friends, brothers and sisters, and their brothers and sisters, for the sake of money.
Hopefully the Jaidbynriew will AWAKE & ARISE Dedicated to you readers of this short article, I ask you to forgive me for my shortcomings and I am ready to forgive as long as I believe but I believe I hope you will accept what I am sharing with you through this article and I hope it will be a wake-up call to us Khasi brothers and sisters so that our Jaitbynriew will survive forever.
After receiving a phone call from the mother of the woman, the union leaders immediately went to Thangbuli to see the woman.
Regarding this issue, the youths said how can he dare not to change when even his name was not written on the foundation stone when Dr Mukul Sangma came to inaugurate the school. Sub Division.
Mawkyrwat, July 22: As part of the condolences to the family of (L) kong Hailsentinari Marweiñ who passed away on the 16th of this month due to the earthquake. Followers and supporters of Mawkyrwat MLA, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar today donated money to the family of Jashiar village.
The SP said that an investigation has been conducted and it has been found that Sijo has been drinking drugs.
The Resource Recovery Center is one of the ways in which it can be said to be a blessing on the other hand as through this Center the rotten waste will be separated and converted into income generating fertilizer. and the things which are not destroyed, which are not destroyed, may be used in another way.
The Act further states that the term of residence of these foreigners has been reduced from 11 years to 5 years and thus Hindus from Bangladesh will become Indian citizens and thus Bangladeshi Hindus, who have been banned. In India, they have become full Indian citizens and it will only be a matter of time before the 2 crore Bangladeshis will become full Indian citizens.
We are better off listening to the concerns of the people,” he said.
He said that efforts will also be made to invite the PDF to join the same group.
In another election, the Jan Sangh won four seats while the Hindu Maha Sabha did not win a single seat.
Kyrsoi said that if he is elected as the MLA of North Shillong, he will turn the MLA office into a public office under the RTI Act so that the people can know how the MLA schemes have been implemented in the constituency.
The scheme was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in
Assistant Commissioner of Police Vinayak Vast said the man had also told his wife that he was seriously ill and would die in the next few days.
Speaking to reporters, Balajied said, “On my part, I will do whatever I can to complete the works that are pending, there are schemes that are pending, I will do it first. I will do my best to improve the roads and the needs of the people of the constituency.
He said that before opening the market, Seinraij will give three days notice.
“The KSU will not stand idly by and will look for ways and means to help any of our brothers and sisters who are in need,” said Ewanmi.
Speaking to Rupang, the General Secretary of the KSU, Auguster Jyrwa, said that the KSU will not join hands with other parties to fight against uranium but will continue to fight against uranium. “From the beginning we have taken up this issue until now, but later the LYWA came together on the basis of our stand, we will continue on our own path as we have stood. “From the beginning,” said Auguster Jyrwa.
The UDP's request came a day after the VPP said it would not comment on the matter as it would be up to the Expert Committee to decide how to act.
Before joining the PDF, Banteidor Lyngdoh won the MDC election from Mawkynrew Constituency in 2014 from the Congress.
He said that science has started from bicycles to motorcycles, from four wheelers, to trains and airplanes and science has also brought mankind to the moon.
“Since the KSU came to Barak Valley, the Pnar students who go to study in the urban areas and the women who go to the market have become happier,” he said.
Thirteen of the injured were women and were taken to Moulvi Bazar Sadar Hospital for treatment.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the state government has sent a statement to the central government that there is no need for troops to fight insurgency in Garo Hills and there is no need for the AFSPA. to be established in Garo Hills.
He said that he has many goals for the Mawhati Constituency as a young man who has completed his education, but to achieve these goals, he needs the support of the people to He will be elected in the 2023 election from this constituency.
It is to be recalled that this flood has been happening in many parts of the 4-lane road in Ri Bhoi and this flooding has happened since the construction of this 4-lane road due to poor condition. of the drains.
After being taken to the police station, he took them to a room and raped them, police said.
Jowai, Naitung 10: A child named Orup Singh, 13 years old, has gone missing from his home since the 14th of this month. The child, who is studying in class XI, Mihmyntdu, Jingshai Mihngi, has not been found yet. His family members have already informed them of the incident. bor you law.
“If the committee is called again, it will not reach anything,” said the Sordar.
Through this action, the Meghalaya government has clearly shown that the Meghalaya government has removed two Khasi officers from the posts of heads of various departments of the Meghalaya government.
There are 168 recoveries from the disease.
Although these teams failed to score in the first half, it was in the second half that Risa Colony opened the scoring through Peterstone Lamare in the 52nd minute.
He stressed that his priority is to focus on the youth especially in employment.
The BJP has not nominated a candidate but has given its full support to the NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma who will contest alone against the Congress candidate, who is the wife of the Chief Minister. Mukul Sangma, the winner.
Shillong: The two MLAs who have resigned from the Congress party are Mukul Sangma from Songsak Constituency, Charles Pyngrope from Nongthymmai, Himalaya Shangpliang from Mawsynram and George B Lyngdoh. of Umroi, Shitlang Pale of Sutnga Saipung, Dikkanchi D Shira of Mahendraganj, Miani D Shira of Ampati, Zenith Sangma of Rangsakona, Marthon J Sangma of Mendipathar, Jimmy D Sangma of Tikrikila, Winnerson D Sangma of Salmanpara , U Lazarus M Sangma and Chokpot.
The Minister said that even the Constitution of the country has clearly stated that the relationship between the State Governments and the Central Government should not be compromised.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that he has discussed the incident with the village leaders of Mawlai.
On the other hand, the Adviser to the Dorbar Shnong Majai, Bah D.Nongrum, said that the Syiem of Sohra Hima has banned them from interfering in other matters except the matters that should be resolved. “We have been empowered only to resolve the issues in the village, the cases of shooting and others,” said Bah D.Nongrum.
Of this, Rs 1.59 crore is from MGNREGS scheme, Rs 25 lakh from IBDLP and Rs 51.07 lakh from PWD. by the World Bank.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has approved the revised Rules and Memoranda of various Offices relating to the Job Reservation Policy implemented by the Roster System.
From them, police seized a Chinese-made TYT TH-F8 wireless set, which was imported from Myanmar and was intended to be delivered to GNLA Finance Secretary Rakkam D Shira.
There is no such training, encouragement and encouragement for the young girls who participate but as we go along we see the need to provide training for the young girls before they climb the stage because they come from different places. so he began to train them, to teach them how to walk, how to answer, and how not to be ashamed when they walk in the street.
He encouraged the students that in this age, those who have learned should not wait only for government jobs, but should work hard by standing on their own feet. work hard, so that they will not fall into evil.
Wallambok Nongkhlaw scored 96 runs from 102 balls and Kumar Sewa tied 31 runs from 31 balls.
Increased obesity is commonly associated with stress, although the exact reason behind this association is unclear.
As usual in war, some died in war and some survived.
Consolarlang Swett said, “I am so happy that I have been able to help the poor and what will bring us happiness in this world even if we have wealth, houses but we don't have enough money? There is also the love, the compassion for others to rejoice with what we have and I understand that the longer I can be merciful to others, the more peace and happiness I have in my soul.
Shillong, March 8: The Rangbah Shnong of Nongmensong, Bah B Khonglah, on Tuesday said that the Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong since 1997, has banned foreigners from living in the village.
These plastics affect people's lives, but people don't understand, because we breathe in their waste.
There were also reports that the talks between the party and the Congress party have been completed and all that remains is to announce his name this month.
The prize money for the winners of the group shooting competition was 35,000 tyngka, while the second and third place winners received 15,000 tyngka. thousand and 5 thousand tyngka.
He said that the government department has also gone to provide assistance to the family of the woman who died in the incident.
“Please complain to the village, we will call a meeting tomorrow morning to discuss this incident at your house by the village so that we can all take part for the good of the village and we will not allow Bah Let and his family were arrested.
“I have already informed the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram about the problems faced by the people even to use only two or three rivers for transportation, but as I have witnessed until these days. “It has remained the same without any action through the village because many international politicians have turned it into a trade department,” he said. MLA Bah Olan Sing Suiñ and MDC Bah Alvin K. Sawkmie to take action by finding ways and means how to solve the problems of the people of the constituency.
Shillong: Today, 65 cases of coronavirus have been confirmed and 66 cases have recovered.
Speaking at the condolence meeting, the Minister expressed his deep sorrow and said that the passing away of Luikham is a great loss to the Government of Meghalaya especially to the Forest Department and also to the family members. relatives and close friends.
The following is the list of NPP candidates for the MLA Election 2023:.
Shillong: The death toll from Covid-19 in the state has risen to 13 today, according to the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War. The deceased was identified as Dilbahadur Biswa, 72, resident of Nongmynsong.
B.Ed.
The DDU-GKY management has transferred this job to the Cardiac Research Center which provides training to the youth, as it has been sending the youth without confirming the vacancies.
Following the protests, the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has passed the Meghalaya Employment Bill 1980 and according to this Act, foreigners cannot come to work or contract in our state without the permission of the Meghalaya Employment Bill. the government and the government will not give permission to foreigners if there are locals who can do the job.
Drivers are therefore urged to be responsible and avoid alcoholic beverages while driving not only for their own safety but for the sake of others as well.
According to information requested by RTI, the HYC has admitted that there are only 195 households of people from Iewmawlong area who are entitled to government quarters who are actually working in the office of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB). .
“Speaking on the collapse of the dome of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie said that this is a clear sign of unfairness.
Computer : means computer-computer is a word created by Ma HH Mohrmen in such a way that it carries a clear meaning and can be pronounced syryiem as the original word in English.
There is the Aroha Choir, the KC Lites from Kiddies Corner and many others.
The Mahila Congress in a statement said that the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to lodge a complaint has no basis but it is just a statement to protect those involved despite the fact that they knew that the quarrying was happening. -law was not in accordance with the statutory provisions.
“If Assam starts, we have to show the power of the people, because if Assam gets the opportunity to set up this BOP, our people, whether they sit or stand, will be strong,” said the MDC. I request the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to take action on this issue immediately, so that peace and order will be maintained and we will not lose any land in our state,” said the statement.
Through this, many schemes have been launched for persons with disabilities which have also been implemented by the education department.
Midfielders: Rimitre Thma (West Jaintia Hills), Roikhihbha Nongtdu (East Jaintia Hills), Chanmitre Thma (West Jaintia Hills), Ronald Lyngdoh Nonglait (Ri-Bhoi).
“The organizers of this program should take responsibility and because of these incidents, the Government will be more vigilant in the coming days and to curb instability.
Regarding this land, the residents of Mowjem said that they have documents to prove that this land is still within the boundary of their village.
The union strongly requests the district authorities of Laskein Block especially the state government to turn its attention to such areas and not to focus only on the urban areas.
The village leaders also said that the actions of the Assam authorities through the border crossing into Meghalaya have also violated the lockdown especially in the Saitsama Out Post area.
" The rakot turned into a snake.
Her films are Anth (1994), Krishan Avtaar (1993) and Aao Pyaar Karen (1994).
However, the area is narrow and it is difficult to move quickly.
Passah said that since the adoption of the Resolution on the Reservation Policy on 12th July 1972, it has been made clear that the allocation of jobs should be based on the number of ethnic groups. The Garo population and 40% of the Khasi and Jaintia populations have already violated the Reservation Policy.
Jowai, Naiwieng 03: Wa I Sa Sumer, one of the women who lives in Panaliar, Jowai, has received the Ph.D.
Guwahati: Up to 4 lakh foreigners have become citizens of Assam.
Expressing that the HNLC has decided on the peace talks and has taken action in the talks with the State Government, Bah Sainkupar said, “However, we are deeply saddened by the corruption shown by the Government”.
The union demands that the government and MEPDCL should immediately repair the transformer in Garo Hills or by anyone else, as the people need light and especially as the examinations of the students are approaching, he said. Samla SL Suchiang Publicity Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle.
Shillong: An elderly man has found a piece of equipment in his land in Umbir village, Ri Bhoi District. where this guy wanted to build a house on the property.
The winners of this tournament will be selected to represent the state in the North East National Karate Championship and the KAI National Karate Championship which will start in November this year and July,
The officer requested the union to give him and his office time to resolve the demand after 10 months that Sohjarang has received electricity.
Meanwhile, MPCC President DD Lapang said that there is no need to ask for an explanation from Pynshngaiñ because he has done too much.
However, later it was said that the crowd shouted again, “You are the one who promised, not Dr. Mukul”.
On the other hand, he said that he did not see that there would be a provision in the Sixth Schedule that the bill must be approved by the Governor before being brought to the House. In para-2 of sub para-6, only the consultation shall be subject to the prior approval of the Governor, if so and if there is a provision in the Sixth Schedule it shall not be amended, because According to the Constitution of the country, it can be amended as necessary and as demanded.
However, in my understanding, Clause (3) has clearly stated – “nothing in Clause (2)” – which means even those last words in Clause (2) “and any such adaptation or modification shall not be questioned in any court of law.
There has been an increase in placements or job placements in all sectors.
The Chief Guest on this occasion congratulated the Synroplang SHG under the leadership of CSC eGovernance and MSSRLS for implementing this project in their village as well as in the district as a whole.
God is pleased when we worship him with a sincere heart even if we are alone or two in a room.
HANM Women Wings under the leadership of Beti Jyrwa, President and B. Sungoh General Secretary, donated clothes, soping tins and food items to the family.
In Meghalaya, Self Help Groups (SHGs) led by women in all 12 districts have taken the lead in this special project by raising the flags of the country.
Shillong: There have been 90 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
He recalled that the two BJP MLAs have received the rank of Ministers and said, “Besides, they are still working together in the MDA Government.
The victim was a tape thief who was addicted to drugs.
It is interesting to know that the East Khasi Hills Police Department has a special team in charge of this area, which has been assisted by the Meghashakti or Women Police Commandoes. .
The hotel was started in 1985 by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) under the name Crowborough Hotel.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The High Court will continue the hearing of the case against the appointment of LP school teachers for four days.
Phrangki Buam scored the third goal in the 44th minute.
A rule of law that respects the feelings and expressions of others.
During this period, 7.67 crore gold and silver items are hallmarked.
On the other hand, the UDP Pynursla Circle, strongly condemns the killing of Bah Roningstar Nongkynrih by the BSF and demands the immediate arrest of these bloodthirsty men. a man, who has nothing to protect himself.
However, we should not be afraid to speak in our own language when we are with others.
The party stands on the ground that as Meghalaya has its own unique characteristics, in terms of customs and traditions, inheritance of wealth and others, the implementation of the UCC will the provisions and protections provided by the Constitution under Articles 29 and 244 together with the Constitution.
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The United Democratic Party (UDP) doesn't need any sheep or goats, like the Congress leaders, who allow children and women to commit crimes, to violate justice, to Bindo M Lanong, Senior Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said in a statement. “A corrupt government that carries money in its pockets and doesn't want to work with the demons.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Poultry Suppliers and Retailers Association (APOA) on Friday said that it does not believe that there is any case of poultry disease in the state. Social Media.
According to sources, this work has started from the states bordering Myanmar and India.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 12: Nine GNLA militants have kidnapped a man from Riangdin on Tuesday night.
Mawphynaiñ as the winner received a trophy, cash and medals as well as a Rashan.
Appointment of contract teachers is a priority demand for the public.
After that, the party will hold another protest against the government's excessive spending and Meghalaya is the poorest state in the country.
Since the Old Testament the Word of God through the book of Isaiah and others, has been told and proclaimed in Israel about the message of Immanuel (Jesus) by the prophet Isaiah who says – “Therefore the Lord himself shall give a sign to the Behold, the virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel, Isaiah 7:1
Efforts will be made to appropriately integrate technology into all levels of education in order to improve teaching methods, teacher development, enabling the use of this learning system for disadvantaged groups income generation and to implement education related objectives.
In the 10m AIR RIFLE WOMEN-1st place, Anjali Singh, 2nd place, Lai Nengboi Kipgen, 3rd place, S Rebecca.
Because the United States does not know how to leave Ukraine alone and therefore tries to provide support and send aid to Ukraine from time to time.
According to Section 20 Clause 2 (a) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act, 2015, only within 20 households and 50 elders were established.
Pynshngain Langpen, who has won the title of Mr. Meghalaya three times and Mr. 7 Wasa, has died after contracting COVID-19 on Friday.
There is no penalty shootout.
Speaking on the occasion, the Syiem of Children Païem KM Syiemlieh expressed his satisfaction to see that the KSU has come forward to inform and encourage the children through the awards ceremony. He also urged the youth to be strong and steadfast in any good work and urged the youth to be like King Tirot Singh without hesitation. the young men see far away.
On this occasion, the market dwellers also brought the documents they received from the Minister which did not contain the signature of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima but only the signature of him as the Minister. They didn't look at the market in the Bhoi area.
This has also led to the death of many young children.
It's a Khasi news but you don't know Khasi.
While the truth is they don’t recognize who Jesus is, and they can’t accept him yet because their eyes are blinded.
The incident happened at 3 pm near Alpha English Higher Secondary School, when a vehicle which was driving very fast, hit the child and hit the child. At the time of the incident, no one saw the vehicle.
The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) on Tuesday came to clarify to the media on two issues that appeared in the media including the Forum's statement that if the Karbi people do not If the revenue collection gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council is still open, they can leave and return to their places of origin. The same thing happened in Khanduli village as it happened in Mukroh.
(Acts 4:13).
According to reports, the youth left at 9.30 pm yesterday and after that time, he did not return to his residence.
His group joined ISIS under the leadership of Shahidullah Shahid, a former TTP spokesman. organization of Pakistan.
SHILLONG: Bah THS Bonney has filed his nomination papers for the 17th Lok Sabha elections from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
He also complained that they have promised to support the HNLC in its activities.
Furthermore, many private individuals brought sha and drinks for the teachers as part of the programme. protest that they organize.
Chairman of the CCIB Bah Sukkynjai Myrchiang said that there is no objection to the signboard and the signboard should start from the Zero Line but the CCIB will oppose if the signboard is erected 150 yards from Mawpud. because the farmers and land owners will lose their land including the fields of rice and fields of soh.
He said that if the arrangement of the EC he led in 2014 had been followed, the complaints from the farmers would not have arisen because to reach this decision is the consensus of all parties.
Why do the civil society organizations oppose the railway line because they are afraid that the ethnic group will be overwhelmed by other ethnic groups? shuh what can happen.
The Veterinary Dispensary was constructed with a grant of NABARD at a cost of T.90.4 lakh.
Therefore, the SPO invites all the members of the Presbytery Shella who live in the city and surrounding areas, including those who have registered churches in other Presbyteries to take their time to attend. .
Zidane Lamin scored the first goal for Iatyllilang Hungary in the third division. Rymbai Madanpynriang SC beat Khliehmyntriang SC 3-1, Easter Dkhar 52' ​​and Sanhame Bareh 52' In the 68th minute, Rymbai Madanpynriang scored the third goal.
It is learned that about 400 students from Class VI to Class XII, who should have been there, have been shocked and surprised, because it has been more than two months since the school year. school is not open yet.
It is to be recalled that the cultivation of sla in the district, started from Riangdo of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division and the cultivation of sla is still going on today, although it has not been expanded. I'm going to rep.
Because the youth are the bright lights for the future of the country.
“The rights of the people especially the poor are the most precious,” said the Governor in his speech.
Laitjem CC won the toss and elected to bat first. Cricket Smit CC took the first toss and scored 120 runs at the end of the 20 overs. and eight wickets were taken.
“When there is a settlement and discussion, the residents should not misunderstand because there should be a little bit, there should be a plus and a minus,” said Prestone. That is our position on the part of the government that they stand firm to resolve the border.
The union also found that at least 10 places of worship have been illegally built by foreigners in the Ishamati area.
The incident has been reported to the Shella Police Station, which is conducting investigation.
According to police, two of these three persons have been involved in a crime and have been arrested for their involvement in various crimes related to murder, kidnapping. They have been involved in the demand for money, non-money, firearms and others in South West Garo Hills District.
When we asked them on what grounds the complaint was filed, they could not answer and fled," Wester said.
In a letter to the Commissioner of Customs (Preventive) Northeastern Region on July 10, the Secretary, Mining and Geology Department, Bah W Khyllep, said that the volumetric measurement of coal and stone should not be measured by volumetric measurement. Bangladesh and Bangladesh are also affected.
They also said that the government should take action to provide the results and not just issue the Reservation Rooster which government departments have already received various trainings, but should wait for many years. keep young people in the dark with the passing of the age of employment.
EKH, who won the toss, allowed SGH to tied first and scored 52 runs without losing a wicket in 7 overs.
“Many MLAs are afraid to take action on this issue because they feel it could affect their vote during the elections,” he said.
Manuel Akanji scored the third goal for Switzerland in the 58th minute.
On the other hand, the Blocks like Mawpat, Mawkynrew, Mawryngkneng, Mylliem, Khatarshnong-Laitkroh and Pynursla C&RD Block have not received the funds to purchase equipment to be distributed to the Village Employment Councils (VECs) to implement the work. projects under the Meghalaya Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA).
Some of the parents of the children, said that they are struggling to find books for their children even when they go every day, especially those who come from the rural areas. famous, because they could not come every day for lack of transportation.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Joanes Lamare as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, President of HANM as the chief guest.
This has affected the feelings of many of the indigenous people,” said the Seng leader.
Therefore, this is a good time for you to think carefully about the future of yourself and your family.
Through his ability to showcase his skills as a defender, Aiban in 2019 joined FC Goa for the ISL. After joining the club from Goa, Aiban received to play only once in the Indian Super League (ISL) for the 2019-20 season.
The Central Puja Committee (CPC) after the completion of the rituals at this place, has taken the initiative to clean up the Umkhrah River.
He said that the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries is a waste of the work of the people and the loss is to the people themselves.
Spain won the title after beating Colombia in the final held in Mumbai on
Bah Lamphrang Blah MDC of the area who is also the Chairman of KHADC in his speech, said that the provision of such treatment is for the benefit of the residents of the area.
“I am only an election campaigner in the UDP, I am not the President or the leading office bearer, but I am only a supporter.
Khliehriat : The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) on Tuesday announced that the rally will start from Dkhiah West Village at Teilang Playground and end at the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah in Khliehriat.
Where will this lead, after globalization has worked, but the nation has become weaker and poorer with the passing of the days.
“It is impossible for us to buy a helicopter because it is expensive, it is difficult to meet the requirements and we need pilots who have to be spent by the government. and others, so it is not necessary because the movement of VIPs is only on occasion and at the same time I can also say that from time to time helicopters are necessary because of the ease of theft “We need the helicopter for all the purposes we need the helicopter, but the use is very limited,” said Conrad.
Any political party has the right to strengthen itself because its goal is to win more MLAs or MPs. to those MLAs who have been elected.
Because, if the right to freedom of speech and expression of the government's mistakes or shortcomings, the government will not be punished, especially those groups that have nothing to do with the government.
Therefore, all liquor shops in the district including IMFL shops/bars/hotels/CA bars/CS shops and square shops have been ordered to close on this day. violation of this order shall be punishable under the Excise Rules and Acts.
In just 3 hours, it has 4,704 reaches and 2,153 engagements.
There was a long discussion and difficulty in setting up the Headquarters of the Sub-Division but finally it was decided to set it up in Nongpoh.
They were identified as Damanbha Ripnar, alias Shall Lapang, Robinson Ripnar, Jill Tariang and Shining Nongrum.
We also arrested the driver of the truck, Samsuddin.
Shillong, November 29 : U Congress Leader and Lok Sabha MP on Tuesday said that the Central Government needs to amend the Mining Laws so that other measures can be implemented. There is a lot of mining in Meghalaya because the mining of the mountains is not suitable for this area especially in Meghalaya.
He said that if this practice continues, it will not be a good example for the State.
There are about 14 teams from Nongtalang, Sohbar, Jowai, Mylliem and other places.
Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla on Saturday donated spray pumps and sodium hypochlorite disinfectant to all the villages in the Jowai Constituency.
As the name of Kiang Nangbah lives and remains, he urged the residents to live in such a way that the heritage will proclaim your name and reputation as we proclaim the name and The name of the sword of our country is U Kiang Nongbah to this day.
Bah Dundee in the meeting demanded that the state government should immediately appoint all the vacant posts in various departments.
“Can I sell the country alone when India has a population of about 160 crore and is that allegation that I can sell the country alone possible? asked Bah Nongrem.
Within six months of the cleaning of the Amlarem, Pdengshakap and Muktapur roads, signs of poor construction have appeared.
Mohammad Jalal Uddin, one of the traders, who used to buy goods from the Tamabil market including coal and stone, has denied that he has contracted the virus.
Nongpoh: Police of Nongpoh Police Station, this evening, have arrested a man identified as Raju, who works at Sharma Hotel, Erpakon, Ri Bhoi. He is suspected of involvement in the murder of Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait, a resident of Erpakon.
In places where there is a lot of rain, such as in Khasi-Jaintia, it is better to build a house to protect it from the rain.
I understand that the real reason is the thlen of corruption from time to time.
Saudi Arabia has called an all-Muslim summit on Sunday to discuss the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. and the attack by Israeli troops on the Muslim mosque of Al-Aqsa in Jerusalem.
As part of the announcement on Media X, Abhishek Banerjee said that the public meeting known as the 'Jana Garjan Sabha' will be held in many places starting from Bengal.
In this regard, the relatives and those who have any contact with this unidentified woman are urged to immediately inform the Women Police Station Jowai.
In a statement, the District Magistrate said that the illegal smuggling of coal inside and outside the district is in violation of the orders of the National Green Tribunal, the Supreme Court of India and the High Court of Meghalaya. .
Looking back on November 25, how would you feel if children no longer knew it as “Christmas Day” but as “Bamdoh-Toilet Day” or “Good Governance Day”? , it may be that the children in Meghalaya will know it as “Christmas Day” because it is more pleasant in the sense of hearing to celebrate that Word, along with forty kinds of festivals along with food. drinking and new clothes that come with that Word, but if they don't know that all of them are because of the Sunday “U Child Jesus Christ”!! information to children through parents, school authorities, tt.
Timothy has served as Deputy Speaker from 2018 to 2023, and will continue if re-elected as Deputy Speaker, he will be the first to continue for a second term.
The existence of the Lok Ayukta is useless if its employees are not free to take decisions to punish government officers or ministers who have fallen into corruption.
The election of the village office bearers on this day was successful and was attended by all the villagers.
Even if his parents had a purpose for him and besides not having a good job and a lot of money that would have improved him in life, Wollaston, at the age of 21, left his prominent and lucrative job and chose to become a Catholic priest in Don Bosco's Salesian Order.
“I will soon leave for Delhi to discuss this issue with the central government leaders,” said Bah Sanbor.
Amos said it was until 12 midnight after he did not return home that he called his friends to ask, but they did not know.
Nongstoiñ: The Laitkseh Sport Club, West Khasi Hills District, has announced that this year's CMiv Football Tournament will be held in West Khasi Hills District. The LPFT (Laitkseh Premier Football Tournament 2019-20) will start on the 25th of this month at Mawkynjoin Stadium in Laitkseh.
The incident occurred in a village on the Assam-Meghalaya border on Friday.
The Lehniam Behdieñkhlam will continue tomorrow when the Kmai Raij (different villages) will bring the trees and the Khnong Blai to be delivered to Iawmusiang by the Khonraij.
Arena Hynniewta, BJP candidate from Shella constituency, East Khasi Hills District, will join the NPP on the 13th of this month at the party headquarters in Shillong along with former Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang. .
The dorbar also decided that from now on no Executive Committee can discuss anything on the Uranium issue and if necessary it must be brought before the dorbar.
But no it's not.
Shekhar said that when he went to ask for the ball from the house, the son of the Punjabi, Boby Singh, came out and forbade him to take the ball. After knocking on the door to open it, Kuldeep came out and spoke harsh words which caused a fight between them.
He opens the eyes of the blind.
“The candidates who have contested the elections are also good at appealing to the feelings of the people, they know all the needs of the people at these times, they know how to deceive with jail ja-um words. “If you don't serve 24 hours, do you believe that you can't serve 24 hours, you don't have money anymore, people don't be fooled,” said Ardent. when there is a dead man, when there is a lame man, when there is a lame man, and so on.
Therefore let him that is unrighteous become more unrighteous, and let him that is unrighteous become more wicked: let him that is righteous become more righteous, and let him that is holy be holy" Revelation 22:1
The Government of India has recently announced a Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) of T 315/- per quintal of rice for the 2023-24 sugarcane season where the income is more than 100% of the cost. employment and household income (A2+FL).
There will also be shops selling a variety of goods including food shops, wine shops, clothing shops, flower shops and others.
The Assam Government on Tuesday said that three robbers have been arrested in a raid against illegal wildlife poaching in along with the bones and bones of a cow from Barpeta district, Assam.
The delegation was led by DP Singh, Chief General Manager (CGM) of BSNL and handed over T.40,000 to Rev NS Phawa, Senior Administrative Secretary of KJP Assembly. help the children.
However, in your country, you are right.
Therefore, regarding this silence and intimidation of the government, the party itself will not be afraid or ashamed, but the party will stand firm on the ground to oppose the railway in the Bri u Hynniewtrep. “The state government has not yet set up proper roads especially the Entry Exit Point,” he added.
The source said that the Regional Committees for these Block can be re-appointed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong as he is the only one who is old and knowledgeable on this issue. .
However, it was said that even the number of missing persons could increase when the total number of survivors and survivors is counted.
Regarding this incident, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, said that as a leader, he is saddened to see that such riots will happen in the villages and that is why he has decided to leave. However, regarding the arrival of foreigners and armed men, the MLA said that he will take action and to inform the higher authorities.
Meanwhile, Ms Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait said that the first issue she will take up is on the ban on coal mining which has affected the income of the people and also to help for the longkmie to open up opportunities for them to stand on their own by bringing in income.
Because I see that people today are not afraid to do these evil things which are a great sin in the sight of God.
Shillong Lajong FC faced Sreenidi Deccan of Hyderabad in the fourth round of the I-League on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
Speaking to reporters, Dipayan Chakravorty, General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya, said that the BJP is very pleased with the election of Narendra Modi. “He is a great leader who has ruled Gujarat well and is also an expert in various development fields,” he said.
Thousands of GHADC employees, carrying children and hands, blocked the road for CEM Denand T Sangma, Dy.CEM and all the EMs. They did not allow the EMs or the CEM to enter their offices and demanded that they should pay their pending salaries first.
However, the following years were the years when the State Government strengthened and strengthened the Land Acquisition Act in order to facilitate foreign companies to set up factories. in different regions of the State.
In this regard, the Minister promised that the Government will look into this proposal.
It is learned that the suspect had received documents showing that he had withdrawn money from the ATM at 9:15 pm on the 30th of July. The complaint was lodged with the Mawlai Police Station.
The action of the CRPF has affected not only Mawlai, but all the neighboring villages like Jaiaw, Mawprem and other villages which have to pass through these areas.
“We have given 10 days to the JHADC to dismiss the foreigner and if they don't do so, we will hold a big protest,” said the youth. T.40,000 per month to the AO along with an allowance of T.10,000 besides other allowances such as vehicle repair and travel expenses.
Explaining about the Agri-Business Incubation Centre, Dr BP Singh, Head Division of Agri-Business Incubation (DTAC), said that the Prime Minister wants the villagers to come forward and run the Agri-Business Incubation Centre. markets around the world and the agricultural sector plays an important role in improving the income of farmers and the country as a whole.
Who doesn't want to see or hear our wise leaders? Article 16 and its amendments recognize only those “backward settlers" who are tribals.
“You youths go to explain and invite them to come back to the party,” said Dr Kharshiing.
The senior artists expressed their deep sorrow over the death of the couple.
Besides Nongriat, Domkohmen Village has also been affected by the cold weather.
See the statement issued by the MPSC on 9th November to amend the advertisement for 59 posts.
But you don't know what's in the crowd.
Speaking on the occasion, Zerifa Wahid praised the company and said that this vehicle is different from other vehicles which have been built and designed in a beautiful manner and fits well with the company. In today's world, many people want to have a Kali that gives them pleasure when they ride or use it in their journey.
The Meghalaya team was led by coach Sankidaroi Sajem and manager Ribanylla Nongkseh.
Additional income generation through utilization of food waste to produce other products is one of the key activities that can transform agriculture in India and can play a significant role in agricultural development the income of the farmers of the country.
“I have directed the state government to try to complete all the schemes within the stipulated timeframe and not to delay for years,” said Tudu.
The suspected attacker said he could not listen to anyone who mislead the citizens of the country. “According to the video footage shot by the police.
Six schools from Narpuh, Umkiang Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Narpuh Modern Secondary School Umkiang, Christian Secondary School Lumshnong and Divine Word Secondary School participated in the competition. Four students from each school were selected for the competition. Two students took part in the slogan writing competition and two students took part in the slogan writing competition. draw competition.
Bah Marcus Marten as President said that the party has taken this step to share with the poor families of Nongpoh area although it is a small donation of the party, but let this donation be bring joy and hope to these poor families.
It wasn't until Rida's body was stirring that she remembered to look at the clock.
He also criticized the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma. The residents of Meghalaya have been affected by the crisis which has caused a huge loss of income to the state as many of their land has gone to Assam.
If you have been waiting for a long time for vacation or free time to clean and tidy up the house and all the rooms, know that this is the right time to work or take care of the house.
However, after receiving the allocation for the JJM scheme through Phase-I, it was said that these two villages have only received the retrofitting of the pipes within the village to deliver pipes to all the households. This is the reason why the households in the villages have not received the permission or sanction to build the road from the well to the village.
𝕂𝕦𝕞𝕟𝕠 𝕙𝕒 𝕜𝕚 𝕥𝕚ï𝕖𝕨 𝕓𝕒 𝕝𝕒𝕙 𝕝𝕖𝕚𝕥 𝕓𝕪𝕞 𝕡𝕒𝕥 𝕕𝕠𝕟 𝕜𝕒  𝕥𝕠𝕥𝕒𝕝 𝕝𝕠𝕔𝕜𝕕𝕠𝕨𝕟 𝕣𝕦𝕙 𝕜𝕚𝕓𝕒 𝕚𝕙 𝕡𝕒𝕟𝕘 𝕔𝕠𝕧𝕚𝕕 𝕥𝕙𝕪𝕞𝕞𝕒𝕚 𝕜𝕚 𝕜𝕠𝕥 𝕤𝕙𝕒 𝕜𝕒 𝟠𝟘𝟘 𝕟𝕘𝕦𝕥 𝕤𝕙𝕒𝕟𝕖𝕟𝕘 𝕙𝕒𝕜𝕒 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕤𝕟𝕘𝕚… ℍ𝕪𝕟𝕣𝕖𝕚 𝕞𝕪𝕟𝕥𝕒 𝕓𝕒 𝕕𝕠𝕟 𝕜𝕒 𝕥𝕠𝕥𝕒𝕝𝕝𝕪 𝕝𝕠𝕔𝕜𝕕𝕠𝕨𝕟 𝕣𝕦𝕙 𝕜𝕚 𝕟𝕒𝕟𝕘𝕜𝕚𝕖𝕨 𝕤𝕙𝕒 𝕜𝕒 𝟡𝟘𝟘 𝕤𝕙𝕒𝕟𝕖𝕟𝕘 𝕙𝕒 𝕜𝕒 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕤𝕟𝕘𝕚… 𝕃𝕒𝕕𝕒 𝕜𝕒 𝕝𝕠𝕟𝕘 𝕜𝕦𝕞𝕟𝕖 𝕜𝕒 𝕞𝕦𝕥 𝕜𝕒𝕞 𝕕𝕠𝕟 𝕛𝕟𝕘 𝕞𝕪𝕟𝕥𝕠𝕚 𝕙𝕚 𝕓𝕒𝕟 𝕡𝕪𝕟𝕥𝕣𝕖𝕚 𝕜𝕒𝕞 𝕕𝕒 𝕜𝕒 𝕥𝕠𝕥𝕒𝕝 𝕝𝕠𝕔𝕜𝕕𝕠𝕨𝕟 𝕙𝕒𝕓𝕒 𝕜𝕚 𝕓𝕒 𝕡𝕒𝕟𝕘 𝕥𝕙𝕪𝕞𝕞𝕒𝕚 𝕜𝕚 𝕝𝕠𝕟𝕘 𝕜𝕦𝕞𝕛𝕦𝕙 𝕙𝕚 𝕞𝕒𝕟 𝕜𝕒 𝕤𝕙𝕚 𝕜𝕚 𝕜𝕚𝕖𝕨… 𝕄𝕪𝕟𝕥𝕠𝕚 𝕒𝕚𝕦 𝕓𝕒𝕟 𝕡𝕪𝕟𝕥𝕣𝕖𝕚 𝕚𝕒 𝕜𝕒 𝕥𝕠𝕥𝕒𝕝 𝕝𝕠𝕔𝕜𝕕𝕠𝕨𝕟 𝕙𝕒𝕓𝕒 𝕜𝕦𝕞𝕟𝕖….
According to a statement issued by the security forces, the suspect was arrested after the state police in collaboration with the Assam Rifles conducted a search operation at last Saturday.
It is to be recalled that the state government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister has announced to pay Rs 3 lakh compensation to the relatives of these victims and immediately ordered a Magisterial inquiry, but The inquiry of Magistrate SS Syiemlieh was rejected as it was not sufficient and after that, another inquiry was appointed which has been suspended till now.
Other office bearers are Martidoris Warjri (Finance Secretary), Dady Warjri (Treasurer), Maktursing Warjri (Publicity Secretary), Davidunderson Warjri (Asst Publicity Secretary), Pailen Warjri and Wantar Warjri (Adviser). together with twenty-two members (Executive Committee).
On this occasion, the new church was inaugurated and ribbon-cutting by Rev. Palestine Marbaniang Nongsharai Rangbah of the church and Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh.
Peace and stability, he said, is the goal of the BJP to develop Meghalaya and we rely only on the BJP to bring this to the state.
There are still many who don't want to come and hear..." Kmie said.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, today said that out of the 41 people who attended the wedding ceremony on the 27th of this month, July 2020 at Green Wood Resort Khanapara, Guwahati, Two persons have tested positive for Covid-19, one from Pynthorumkhrah and one from Lachumiere, Shillong.
Briefing the Rajya Sabha, Dr Jitendra Singh said that NESAC has prepared a Plan of Actions (PoA) with the relevant departments of the five states.
Meanwhile, the Sordar of Wahlang Khyndai Kyntoit, Bah S Khasain, said, “The entire Wahlang Khyndai Kyntoit is going smoothly but the village of Musniang has not been renovated and we don't know why the BDO is delaying”.
Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon in his letter also mentioned some of the issues, saying that the CPS Meghalaya office was started and funded by the Central Government in The aim is to protect the rights of children under the provisions of various laws, such as the Juvenile Justice Act , Immoral Traffic Prevention Act, 1986 and others, in which the financial assistance was 90 from the Central Government and 10 from the State Government for the five States of the North East.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie said that the politics of some of those in charge of projects in the area has caused a lot of trouble to the residents especially in terms of development projects. The road in Mawlai Nongpdeng, Nonglum, Phudmuri and Mawlai Umjaiur, which the people in power and those who do not want the MLA to be honored, have slowed down these development schemes, until they have been completely suspended. The inhabitants of these four villages.
He is also an environmentalist who has written and fought against the destruction of the environment in Nongkhlieh, Narpuh, Nongtalang, and other places. He has also lectured at the Center for Policy Research, New Delhi, as well as at the Tere Madre for Policy Research, New Delhi. as well as at the Our Lady in Turin, Italy.
The organization has also planted trees and distributed tree seedlings to various schools in the area.
The party's treasurer, MK Stalin, said the party has empowered the president and secretary to choose which party to join.
There are still only 11 households, 9 households are more adequate while 2 households are still poor.
Is this correct?Yes.
They also criticized the constituency which has been led by the UDP for 30 years and at the same time they criticized the BJP which they accused of causing trouble in the constituency. government and society.
It is learned that there was a clash between the two ethnic groups in the village, in which several youths were injured and had to be taken to hospital.
We remember how through Joseph's being in slavery and until he became a ruler who fed the famine of those days and especially with Joseph's brothers who came to look for bread (food ) because you are hungry.
“You tried with the Congress but it couldn't achieve what you wanted, you tried with the NPP and it's the same, you tried to support the BJP but it won only two MLAs but now give up “In the UDP we have leaders who are intelligent, hardworking, capable and responsible. the UDP in this election and come,” he said.
He said that as the superintendent of this hospital, he is suffering from this shortage in many ways.
To the farmer, the word “Riang” means “to cleanse, to cultivate, to cultivate and care for”.
Furthermore, on behalf of Bah Banshai Marbaniang, I would like to remind once again to the Managing Director, MCAB Ltd.
“We want to be careful because we want to ensure that once it is removed, there will be no more problems.
George said that on November 25, 2021, some employees of the Bangladesh Forest Department, damaged the tympew land of the Khasi, who live in Moulvi Bazar District.
The seized gold included 7 gold biscuits.
He also praised the hard work of the health department in terms of treatment, research and implementation of prevention programs to fight against TB. The DC also encouraged the private sector, residents and stakeholder groups to work together to achieve the goal.
If the Nongsiej kurs are allowed to eat lumgsiej, or the Pathaw kurs are allowed to eat pathaw, it is because there has been a conflict since ancient times, but they don't fight against other kurs who are lmun or not allowed to eat pathaw. lungsiej is not allowed in your own custom.
In this regard, the UDP said that the call for recruitment by MeCL is a violation of the recruitment quota of the state government and will also deprive the youth of the state of jobs. moreover, the number of young engineers who are looking for jobs is nearing the end of the year.
In the Under-15 Boys Singles, Debobrata Paul defeated Sagnik Choudhury of Laban Sports Club Table Tennis Academy.
In a shocking incident, one person was killed while another escaped death in an attack by a group of suspected Bangladeshis on the India-Bangladesh border in East Jaintia Hills. District haka on 6th July.
In addition, there will also be a coordination on health services in government departments under the NHM and medicine.
Last month, Odisha lost a soldier named Saroj Kumar Das who was drowned in the Teesta River in Lachen Valley due to the Lhonak floods. Lake in North Sikkim last month.
Process T Sawkmie has expressed his desire to contest the Lok Sabha elections, but the party has elected Robertjune Kharjahrin to contest the Lok Sabha elections. This is the election of the party.
Sangma also declined to answer a question on whether his name has been announced as a candidate from Tura.
He urged the players not to be involved in bad habits but as players to avoid such people and to get up early in the morning to exercise so that they can have a healthy body. and strong.
The enforcement of 144CrPc was introduced in April last year after a riot broke out in the village.
Speaking to reporters, George said the new episode will be called 'Ocean's Four Teen'
The officer is also skilled and has the ability to operate such weapons.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Up to 126 students have taken part in the written examination conducted by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) for the purpose of providing scholarships to students who intend to study. Out of 160 registered students, 126 students took part in the examination held at NEHU on Saturday from 1:00 pm to at 3:00 pm.
God will do what he promised Israel.
The KHADC should issue an order not to allow Khasi land to be sold to these communities as it will cause problems in the Khaddar system.
Shillong, Lber, 23: Police on Saturday arrested another person in connection with the IED bomb blast on the 9th of this month at Them Ïew Mawlong.
Who is surprised at this traffic jam from Kachari Point to Khyndai Lad – Motphran? or unable to own a car.
In our State, as of the morning of 11th July 2020, out of 1,114 cases of Corona Virus, 498 cases have recovered (44.7%), 6 cases (0.53%) have died and 610 cases (54.75%) they are in treatment.
Shillong: U Shri Nitin Gadkari today inaugurated the 102.255 km two-way road from Jowai to Ratacherra on the border with Assam.
NABH is a body of the Quality Council of India (QCI), which is responsible for conducting and overseeing accreditation programs or recognition programs for health facilities.
On the other hand, the village headmen strongly condemned the incident and promised to work together with the police to arrest the robbers.
Atletico coach Diego Simeone met with Griezmann on Tuesday and urged him to decide on his decision and to speak clearly so that football fans will know and Griezmann has decided to leave Atletico and pay the £104m fee he will have to pay to the club. This will be paid on the 1st of November.
The Minister said that the Police Department has Anti Trafficking teams in the field of human trafficking, drug trafficking, smuggling of goods and others.
At the same time, the Minister acknowledged that if this works, it will change the culture and identity of the state as well. they shall not receive it.
The new cases include EJH: 3, EKH: 70, RBD: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 4 and WKH:
They also doubt that there are very few Bible readers because they are quick to pick up their mobile phones to see what they want.
Therefore he said, “If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; , I will forgive their sins and heal their land".2 Chronicles 7:1
“Shreyas Iyer has regained his strength, but he has not fully recovered from the illness.
Even before the arrival of the French, there was a change of race among the Khasi: thus we know that the Rapthap race came from the Lyngdoh race, the Nonglyer race came from the Mawkhiew and many others.
Recent evidence suggests that the smuggling of coal and the illegal trade of coal continues to this day.
Jowai Nailur 05: The 5th of November has been declared as Teachers' Day across the country. As in other places, the students of the schools have celebrated the Teachers' Day. 'Shlem Hikai Tynre, Seinraij Jowai' on the 4th of November held a special program at Seinraij Higher Secondary School Jowai.
The money was handed over to the Parish Priest of Iongshiwiat Parish in the presence of members of the Catholic Church of Christ Jingshai Parish Iongshiwiat and the faithful of the Iongshiwiat Catholic Church.
At a public meeting in Maharashtra, Modi accused Sharad Pawar of his family politics and accused the NCP leader of refusing to contest from the Madha Lok Sabha constituency because he understood that he would not win. more faithful.
They have been doing this from time to time and we will now prosecute them under the provisions of the NDPS Act,” he said.
He urged the government not to mislead the people but to follow up with the central government to implement the ILP in the state.
The meeting was held in the factory room, however, suggesting that there may be something behind it.
A total of 723 degrees and diplomas were awarded including 12 PhDs, 18 MPhils, 359 Masters, 13 PG Diplomas and 255 Bachelor's degrees.
The preparations of the Nongkhlaw Presbyterian Church to host the KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Assembly have been going well in these days and during the inspection, Ma Pala promised to take care and assist as much as possible for the to provide the necessary facilities for the service.
On the 7th, the Committee will meet with FCI and CWC officials to discuss the topic of Post-Harvest Management of Food Grains related to the North East.
The most common diseases in their village are Flu, measles, Suhot, Malaria, malaria in a few cases.
Bah Syiem said that although many shops have not been opened due to the arrival of KHADC officials, to check their documents, regarding their management of shops. However, some of the shops that have been opened without the permission of the Council have been closed down and the council will also send notices. , where until they can provide the paperwork they will never be able to open.
Shillong, July 5: On the 3rd of July, a clash broke out between the Khasi residents of Boro Kompi, Barak Valley, Assam and the Hmar residents of Rengma Punji. You are the source of the earth.
“I don't know if it's the state government or if it doesn't, I don't know.
“The opposition is always using money and we have to educate the people not to fall into these tricks,” he said.
On the other hand, KSU NEHU Unit President James Mawphlang and General Secretary Pynkmenlang Sanmiet said that their demand for the appointment of local people has been long overdue, as most of the time only foreigners have been appointed. outside.
Prestone said that state governments in the past have faced many difficulties in terms of electricity projects and so far Meghalaya has been able to produce less than half of the required electricity as the production is only MW but the electricity demand in the state is more than 650 MW, he said in fact the state has the capacity to generate more than 3,000 MW. This is good because it will be able to produce more electricity to reduce the power outages from time to time.
Thus in Khasi it can be orderly by writing U for all men from children, young to old and old, and by writing Ka for all women from children, young to old and old.
Dkhar said that the TMC has received more support from all over the state.
Other teammates include Vasu in the 84 kg category from Karnataka, Abdul in the 100+ kg category and Yogita in the 70 kg category from Maharashtra. Rnong for our own country India.
These field visits were conducted in all five states of the North East.
“We are not here to speak of peace but to speak of love for our nation,” said Bah Nongrum. The decision of the government at this meeting,” said Bah Nongrum.
In the second half, Rangdajied lost the first half after Knerktilang Buam scored the first goal of the match through Wallambha Kharpran.
Jymmang 26: Elders, women, youth and children attended the public meeting. The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited today held a meeting at Mawmluh to discuss their lack of salary for more than 8 months.
Shortly after, it was learned that the Chief Minister will meet with the Rangbah Shnongs at 12 noon tomorrow at the Secretariat.
Only four years after receiving the Administrative Unit under the leadership of Bah DD Lapang and others, it was upgraded on 3rd January 1976 to the rank of Civil Sub-Division.
Referring to the semi final of the remaining four teams, in the first semi final between St. Anthony's College and Seng Khasi College, which was held at 9 pm, St. Anthony's College won the match 3-1
Liverpool beat Chelsea 2-0 while Manchester City beat Crystal Palace 3-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
He explained the effects of drugs which is a type of intoxicating drug which leads to addiction and causes people to commit illegal acts and many other effects if drugs are used.
The program was funded by the Bureau of Police Research and Development, New Delhi under the Nirbaya Fund.
For 50 years we have been electing our MLAs but we have not reached anywhere.
He has the responsibility to raise his children to grow up and have a bright future, so that the people will love and respect them.
Therefore, this Bill was passed by the House.
“We welcome this announcement by the Chief Minister who has listened and respected the voice of the people from all over the country especially from the Paid Trai-Ri, Trai-Muluk, who are one of the ethnic groups that will be allowed to “It is to be recalled that on 3rd October 2019, the MoEFCC announced and proposed to amend the Indian Forest Act 1927,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep, Chairman of the MPHRC. The IFA Act 1927, which is more than 90 years old, has sent a letter to all the State Governments for their comments after consultation with all those involved in the land, forests and forests. They should send their comments within 90 days until 7th July
“Training, food, accommodation and all the necessities are free of charge,” said Shwari Ryngkhlem Sports Secretary KSU.
Rehan Kharbuli was named Player of the Match for tied 35 runs for the loss of five wickets.
“This happened after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the state government is still waiting for the decision of the HNLC on the request for the participation of the HNLC. Chairman and General Secretary in the second part of the meeting to be held soon.
Indian Arrows beat Shillong Lajong 1-0 in the first half with Ashish Rai scoring the first goal in the 11th minute. Lajong was forced to flee empty-handed.
However, only 2 months after the arrival of the new MDCs, we see that they have been stealing the SAG allocation from the KHADC.
The room of the Langdoh at the Behdeinkhlam festival on the third day of Pynsin: – At this step, Chutia, the head of the world, came to the house of Langdoh Ri Blai to receive the star of the house. Weipun Wet is the son of Weipun Teiñ and Dulong.
The song also teaches us to avoid the mangkarong thala: which means to avoid any colorful expressions of our Khasi identity so as not to be influenced by our longbriew which are not worthy of our longbriew.
On the other hand, the Secretary of Pandare Village, Bah Samson Swer, said that the village was established in 2003 and has been certified as a full village in “We are farmers who grow kwai, tympew, synsar and soh, we face difficulties in transportation to deliver our products to farmers There are times when we have to pay for transportation, while our crops are not very profitable, so when we pay for transportation, we earn only a little, this is not useful. “It's not like Star Cement, we've got a road which has helped us to transport our produce to places where there are no vehicles,” said Bah Samson Swer. On the lack of schools in the village, he said that there is not even an SSA school in the village. He said that the children who are young, about three or four years old, still have to stay at home because they cannot The Secretary of Pandare Village, said that the children can walk to Brichyrnot to go to school until they are older and stronger to walk. He also urged the Central Government to turn its attention to this village which still needs the support of the Government in all aspects. “We have been harassed in all aspects,” said Devander, Head of Star Cement Company Lumshnong.
He worked as a Catechist of the Catholic Parish Jowai for more than 40 years and until his death he still holds that post.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Sports, Government of Meghalaya, has laid the foundation stone for the construction of an Indoor Sports Hall cum Multi Utility Center worth T.1.55 crore at Lummawbah, Upper Shillong. water Tuesday.
Chynrem (Bangladesh), Lber 15: It is surprising to the public as well as the journalist to know that even outside India, in Bangladesh there are about 75 Khasi villages. The villages known as Khasi villages are inhabited only by Khasi, but the agriculture is looked after by the Bangladeshis and the Khasi known as Zamindars give them a place to live and work. pay for their fields.
Shillong, July 23: On the 21st of this month, at about 5:30 pm, a Dari Sumer, 16, was seriously injured in the head.
Speaking to media, he said that the entry and exit gates in East Jaintia Hills are necessary for the state, as East Jaintia Hills shares borders with Assam and in Bangladesh.
The Governor arrived at the Parking Lot Khlieh Iewduh at 8:15 pm and then went straight to the meeting venue at the Mylliem Hima Police Station.
From the statement, it is understood that Savio apologized to his family and said that his actions were caused by him and they should not be sorry.
The Government will implement these projects according to the programme.
Shillong, Nailar 6: A robber accused of robbery in Mawiong village has surrendered to the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang. .
Female government employees shall not be allowed to marry another man while their husband is alive without the permission of the state government.
• 0.50% will also be allocated if the target can be achieved in 3 out of 4 areas of change. The Minister of Finance concluded by explaining in detail the grants that have been released so far to to make India able to stand on its own feet (Aatma Nirbhar Bharat).
Not only that, Samla Banshai stressed that there is a delay in the payment of salaries to the Job Card employees of the MGNREGS scheme of various Village Employment Councils under Mawsynram Block. to receive a daily wage after they have finished working in their village.
Our Khasi country will be self reliant to increase the income of the rural households.
The party has made it clear that it will not allow corruption in the state but will set up a vigilance committee and investigate from time to time into government departments.
She said that these batteries have been identified by many organizations including Start-Up India.
On the 14th June 2023, 2 persons were killed and 9 others injured in a landslide on the Shillong-Dawki highway at Rngain, Pynursla. serious injuries.
The villagers were able to kill the bseiñ.
“The state government spends 100% for the maintenance of this department and when the government spends itself why does the government still need this department to be run by foreign companies? " he said.
The HPF under the leadership of its President, Bah Tyngshain L Lapang, has expressed its surprise to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima especially after signing the soskular to The Law Syiem has been handed over to the Council to the Law Adong and the Seng is pleased that the Council has taken this step.
Kolkata Police today arrested BJP leader Narayan Chatterjee for drinking cow's milk to prevent the spread of Coronavirus.
In Mawphlang Division alone, there are about 10,000 casual and work charge employees.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, said, “It is urgent to take measures in the fight against cancer”. He also urged the participating groups not to end up in discussions but to implement measures that can work and really benefit those in need of health services.
The funeral service will be held on the 16th November 2022, at Madan Tirot Singh, Mairang, from 10.30 am.
“We cannot accept this Bill, which aims to grant citizenship on the basis of religion,” said Wellbirth. and the Hindu country of India"
In the complaint, MeECL said that the PWD department had gone to dig in the area under the jurisdiction of MeECL without consulting the department.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : AITC National General Secretary Abishek Banerjee on Friday arrived in Tura on his two-day visit to the state as part of the preparations for the 2023 MLA elections.
Regarding the election, the political parties and the people should think carefully, because next year the election to elect the leaders to the District Councils has arrived.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, said that the blast was related to the blasts that have happened in the past years in the area which have been claimed by the kieng. the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Stodingstar Thabah was elected as the President and Dinestar Rani was elected as the General Secretary.
Iga also took 1 hour and 19 minutes to finish first in the current WTA 1000 tournament by improving her game management in Kudermetova to take the record to 4-0
At the same time, men had a 10% reduced risk of psychosocial symptoms.
The State Legislative Assembly on Tuesday commemorated 16 political leaders in the country and from this state who have been members of the Legislative Assembly in the country.
“Also, Abhijit Sharma, Mission Director of YesEarth Youth Corps, expressed his pride in what they have achieved through the cleaning of this river for the protection of the environment.
The road connects the Brahmaputra to Silchar-Barak Valley and can also connect to Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and eastern parts of Assam.
When asked whether the Opposition has turned the issue into politics, the Chief Minister of Assam declined to criticize the Opposition in Meghalaya and said, “It is the duty of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to look after the issue. “It's a congratulation or a criticism but when it comes to Assam, we have already answered all the criticisms in the House and the people of Assam have supported the Government”.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Ebina Nongkhlaw, Member of the All Meghalaya Domestic Workers' Union, said that the Speaking to reporters, she said that it is the month of commemoration of the All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union Day and she expressed many of the problems faced by domestic workers from time to time. period.
The IAF, which began operations on March 8, 1932 with six Indian Hawaiian Sepoys, has now grown to become one of the strongest air forces in the world.
However, it is not the responsibility of the Police to do so.
“This distribution of foodgrains is from my MLA scheme,” said Ma Wailadmiki Shylla and added that he will not be able to provide all the necessities during this time of crisis, but we will try our best to provide them. food for all the inhabitants.
Fr.Sylvanus Sngi, who has passed away, has passed away, but his great deeds and achievements have made the leaders of Ri Bhoi District and the state. BJP Mandal to commemorate this leader and religious leader of the Catholic Church.
When she was watched and beaten, she ran away to hide inside the synrang and so she was shot and killed at that place and for this reason she was called Mawsynrang. u Synrang is because the blang is hidden (b) U Mawsoh tliet – This species of synrang is more common in the area near the rivers because these species also like to sleep and sleep. In the places near the rivers, these tliet (ne) Lymbit fall on the Mawhoh like the soh on the tree, which the tyngnger call the Tliet ba sohkum, the ryngup soh on the tree in the morning. In the evening they went out to look for these creatures. For this reason, the place where these creatures were found on that stone was called Mawsohtliet. (i) one is located to the east of the village at Mawkynsai and one (2) is located to the west of the village at Saishiap – These places are located near the rivers as mentioned and it was found that these species prefer to live on the flat rocks near the rivers (NB) Tliet (ne) lymbit differ from the longbadur in various ways.
The meeting was held at Community Hall Mowtyrshiah in the presence of Chief Guest Winning G Sungoh MDC JHADC, SBI Raliang Branch Manager Hamly Dkhar, Waheh Shnong Kamdathmu Suchiang, Secretary VEC and Staff Nurses of Laskein CHC. Ma Wining in his speech praised the hardworking women who take responsibility for their work and urged them to come forward to take responsibility in the society and the Khadar administration.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 1,623, including 1,048 cases in East Khasi Hills and 833 cases in civilians.
Shillong: "Although the state has many shortcomings in many areas, but the government will not be able to slow down in the development of tourism in the state," said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma on the occasion of the release of the dates of the programs for the Meghalaya Autumn Festival Calendar
The parents of Vishwa will arrive tomorrow in Nongpoh to receive the body of their son. The Meghalaya Table Tennis Association, which is the organizer of the tournament in the state, has provided the body. He also asked his members to be in Nongpoh to assist in the accompaniment of Vishwa's parents to take them home so that they can perform the last rites.
The training was held at Ialong on the 14th of this month, while at Lumtrep Nongjngi on the 17th of this month.
Ricky said that they don't walk on the road anymore but on the footpath because some of the robbers said to walk short cut.
The program was divided into 7 groups of 368 participants, including 118 who came from all over India to serve in many parts of Khasi Hills.
“You should be able to attract tourists from Bangladesh and stay more days in this place where we spend time drinking alcohol, Bangladesh is a country of alcohol,” he said. said Conrad.
The Kurs who have adopted the religion of the French, go ahead and do the French, and they dare not even to speak out against their rights and customs. and we have put on the new, because we have put on the new.
It is learned that these village leaders were taken to Guwahati this morning.
The winner of the penalty shootout will receive a cash prize of 40,000 thousand tyngka, while the Runners Up team will receive a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
The Addl.Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills has lodged an FIR at Khliehriat Police Station on 7th November 2023. Khliehriat PS Case No. 87(11)2 The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills, has latitude 25.318142 and longitude 92.269927. This does not agree with the report of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills on the coal mining in location N 25.33249 and E
There are 210 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 15 cases in West Khasi Hills, 10 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 14 cases in Ri Bhoi, 17 cases in West Garo Hills and
:Congress Leader Saleng Sangma has blamed the government for the increasing dropout rate in Meghalaya, which has made the education department the main reason for this.
He said that the Government of India is committed to protect the rights and welfare of the minorities in the North East and also to achieve economic development through the Act East Policy.
Hundreds of residents of Maikhuli border area under Raid Marwet came out carrying placards and banners to express their opposition to this issue. The decision was taken only by the Chief Ministers without the knowledge of the land owners, villages, raids and Hima.
Hyderabad: Several temples have been damaged in Andhra Pradesh in recent days, prompting UN Chandrababu Naidu, President of the TDP and former Chief Minister of the state, to slam the government. u Chief Minister of the State and demanded that the Chief Minister should resign immediately.
This is the vision when we look at the system of jait counting which is taken only from the mother in our Khasi country will change one day. men will win in the end.
The KSU Narpuh has urged the government and especially the PWD department to provide assistance and build the bridge.
He said that if the government takes action, it should ask for assistance from the central government to build a road from Kyrshai to Langpih, so that the people can escape from the problems they have faced over the years.
Expressing his pride in the participation of the group, Conrad K. Sangma went to the X stage and said, “I congratulate these talented young singers at the festival.
Police, along with fire engines, immediately arrived to extinguish the blaze.
However, due to the change in the weather, we had to experience this heat.
After the meeting with the Minister of Education, the Minister of Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, has called for a meeting with the leaders of MSSASA. Aristotle Rymbaim said that the state government has promised to release the share from the state government for the payment of salaries for two months.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) and MLA from the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) will They will win all the seats in the mid-term elections to the State Legislative Assembly to be held on the 30th March
Whoever is strong, it is difficult to command the chain.
The India Meteorological Department, Shillong, has warned that heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state.
He said that even after the order of the Supreme Court on July 30, 2021, the National Disaster Management Authority through the State Disaster Response Fund should pay T.50,000 to the families. who have died due to COVID-19, but these families have not yet received the money allocated to them.
On the same day, the vehicle was launched by the buyers.
In the first half, Kynton U Mon FC struggled to score the first goal of Summit Academy in the first minute. he would score his second goal in the third minute.
They also cleansed him and covered his body with a blanket.
Besides the electricity shortage, the solar panels are not working at PHC Namdong.
The Organizing Committee of the Archdiocese of Shillong has invited all the parishes of the Diocese of Jowai and the Archdiocese of Shillong to attend the opening ceremony. witness the opening of this Parish.
Shillong, March 05 : The government's failure to implement the new fine for owners of violating vehicles has led to the department collecting a shortfall of Rs 1.23 crore.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 27: The Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) on Tuesday held a meeting with its supporters and members to discuss how to strengthen the party's supporters and members. The meeting was held at the Circuit House, Mawkyrwat.
Speaking on the occasion, Marcuise M.Marak said that the handover of these Waste e-Vehicles is the government's goal to bring about cleanliness in Meghalaya.
Sumarlang Marwei of Mairang won the gold medal in the 54kg senior men's category.
Shillong, Nailar : As part of the encouragement and encouragement to the students who have passed well in Mawlai constituency, on Saturday 105 students who have passed well were awarded with the The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, the chief guest, Bah PT Sawkmie, MLA, UDP Mawlai Circle leaders and others at a function held at Mawlai Parish Hall, Phudmuri.
On the other hand, the public should also respect the time inside the hospital for those people who want to visit the sick and also to keep the surroundings clean. The surroundings of this hospital so that it will be beautiful and smooth in all aspects.
The animals he makes and raises include Hati, Khla, skei, Kuratia, birds, fish, Klew and many kinds of animals. to shape exactly like those animals through the colors that he paints only with the work of his hands.
“Every time we clean up we start to understand that we all have a part to play and let all the residents on the days when the government does not allocate funds for these cleanliness drives take responsibility for ensuring that He said that the youth have a big role to play in this campaign, and if the youth start this movement, The goal is to preach and maintain the cleanliness of the communities.
Furthermore, AIM Meghalaya will also have to express its concerns about the education system in the State especially about the children who do not have the opportunity to receive for the rights and freedoms that they deserve. through the EDUCATION POLICY.
It is a golden opportunity to celebrate these shiphew books which enrich our lives, to find our understanding of how we see ourselves through our differences, our weaknesses, our goodness, our badness. , and the wonder of human existence.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 03 : The Mawlangwir Community Football Shield 2022-23 has reached the quarterfinals of the 2022-23 Football Tournament.
Top National People's Party (NPP) leader Conrad K Sangma on 14th June campaigned for Nihim D Shira, Rakesh A Sangma and Rakkam A Sangma along with the senior leader. Thomas A Sangma's party in Garo Hills.
“As part of commemorating the former leaders of the state who fought for independence, the state government should honor all those who took part in the celebration of the 50th anniversary of Meghalaya,” he said. added.
But the wicked forget.
Rani said that the key knieh, rude speech of the traffic police, is something that even the SP, used to oppose, that the traffic police should do so.
He said that the allocation of funds for the construction of this Commercial Building will help to create new jobs in this market to employ the students who have completed various courses who are unemployed. .
Changes that as the days and years go by.
Many of us face the same challenge today, as did the Israelites of old.
The residents of Narpuh area, together with the Jaintia Students Union, Jaintia Students Movement and HITO Narpuh Circle, lifted the road blockade at 9.30 pm last night. The Extra Assistant Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah S. Marwein, has talked to them and promised that the road will be repaired immediately. that tiat that tar ban repair.
The HNLC also said that this is a plot to make the Khasi poor and starving.
The HYC, FKJGP and KSU have strongly opposed the Ultra Socialites' plan to hold a short skirt festival on the 11th of this month at Umbir Resort, Ri-Bhoi. They believed that this would make it difficult for the nation to follow the customs of the West.
Police sources said that Misba Uddin has been wanted for a long time on suspicion of involvement in other crimes. A case has been registered at Umkiang PP and the investigation is ongoing. .
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday decided to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in West Khasi Hills District.
Jonah : Jonah was called by God to go to Nineveh, but he did not obey. Because of his disobedience, God sympathized with him, until he suffered indescribable suffering. to the present illness.
Furthermore, during the Testing Camp, the students had to prepare Log Books separate from Pravesh, Pratham, Dwitiya and Tritiya Sopan Badge. The Scouts Masters and Guides Captains will review each and every aspect of the Scouts-Guides Movement before awarding the seal to the winners of the Rajya Puraskar Award
Regarding the origin of the reservation, Babu Teibor Shanpru said that he does not have any detailed information to explain whether it was from the time of the Assam government or after the reservation. He said it may have been introduced by the Government of India to give special shares in the employment of those people who belong to the Schedule Tribes.
But if you don't know, you're just like other leaders to stay in the same position as the children of India, you're just shouting and crying for the SICK scheduled and AIDS scheduled (6th). and 8th Scheduled).
This has raised serious suspicion among the VEC officials that they have misused the money.
The four teams that played on this day were Nongdawah CC, Friends United CC, Sohra Combine CC and Lumpaia Avengers CC. United CC and Sohra Combine CC beat Lumpaia Avengers CC by 25 runs.
At present, the residents of the state are in shock and anxiety over the political turmoil in the state after 12 Congress MLAs defected and joined the All India Trinamool Congress. (AITC or TMC are not responsible for this).
“They also asked whether after the construction of the houses, they should own these houses from generation to generation.
“I appeal to the religious organizations, civil society organizations, village headmen to work together on this to ensure that the people are safe and free from this disease,” said Prestone.
When asked, Prestone said, “It cannot be said that there is a delay in resolving the border between Meghalaya and Assam as this is an issue that has been pending for many years.” .
In the men's category, Ri-Bhoi beat North Garo Hills 64-35 while East Jaintia Hills beat South Garo Hills 59-2
Minister Rakkam A. Sangma said that there is a shortage of land for the construction of these Residential Schools in the state.
He said the Amendment Bill is the responsibility of the state government and the amendment of the Bill has been drafted in accordance with the law and order of the 7th Schedule and in accordance with the provisions of Article The State cannot send the Bill to the President or the Union Ministers.
He said that the party is saddened to see that many of the jobs that cannot be done by Khasi youth, but have been done by foreigners, who cannot prove that they belong to any country. land and unable to produce proper documents.
It has shaken and shaken the world for more than four years.
“In the 2003 elections, Purno A Sangma contested against me on the grounds that he was a member of the ANVC.
Mawdiangdiang – Diengpasoh Road (Nongmensong – NEIGRIHMS – Tynring – Shillong By-Pass, Diengpasoh Road.
However, a statement from the village authorities said that until now there has been no sign of the construction of the road.
“He shall enter into that land of glory, and many countries shall be destroyed”.
All government or private offices or schools within these areas will be closed.
New Delhi, July 17: U Mallikarjun Kharge today took over as the Railway Minister of the Government of India and swore in eight ministers in the government of Manmohan Singh.
Bah DP Wahlang in his speech urged the members of Sohkha Shnong Everlasting Sports Club to have unity and work hard to bring glory to the club and the community.
When he arrived at Ryngkew, he found that the Heprit was unconscious, so in the morning, the young man slept with a knife and a knife from the mouth of the Heprit, with the intention of draining the water. Outside, the young man's plan succeeded, because as soon as he did so, the Heprit was able to breathe and surprise people and for a while she became as usual.
After that, the Secretary who led the Dorbar, stood up to speak again.
He urged the students not to make the libraries not only a place to store books, but to take it as a source of digital information outside the information centres.
He said the victory would strengthen the MDA government whose prime minister is whom the UDP has elected to take over the post.
“The former MDA government has proposed to upgrade 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools to Deficit System according to the Office Order Memo No. EDN/172/2006/6 and as the leaders of MUPSTA, we have come to remind you of this demand,” said Bag Kenneth.
He said the JAC demands the abolition of the Umngot Hydro Power Project but will support other mini hydro projects which the government plans to build like in Leshka, Amshar and others.
The Minister was accompanied by Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, Balajied Rani MDC, Aman War, Director (MI) of DHS, Kong RM Kurbah, DC District, Dr.M Mawrie, DMHO and other officers as well as Village Leaders of Pahamsyiem.
The third incident occurred on January 11th.
KHNAM said the minister has promised to fill all the 306 posts with passers but they will be appointed in two or three batches.
Besides, the ILP requires only a small area to build the gate and the cost is very low.
Similarly, 20 constituencies in West Jaintia Hills will be constituted in Jowai while 9 constituencies in East Jaintia Hills will be constituted in Khliehriat.
With this victory, Mukhla Umlangshor and Madankynsaw will prepare to face each other for the title on the 29th of July at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
He said it is time for the people of Sohra to rethink this issue and create the opportunities for the tourists who come to Sohra to spend something for the benefit of the people.
Therefore, the residents of the villages should follow the rules and regulations of the villages because as we have seen in the articles that in this Phot Umnew it is no longer allowed to come to Saturday or Sum with the use of soap or even to break. spread the garbage.
Expressing his gratitude to the NPP leaders, Bah Diverland hoped that he will be able to fulfill the aspirations of the people through the NPP to achieve the goal in the upcoming MLA elections.
Author: Secretary, Department of Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Atul Chaturvedi.
Shillong: The Congress party has announced that it has nominated Highlander Kharmalki for the mid-term elections from 13th Mawryngkneng, Kennedy C Khyriem from 24th Mawphlang and Jashina Yasmin Mondal. , is located in the 47th Rajabala Constituency.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) Fernandes Savio Dkhar on Friday said that the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) should work as a group of civil society organisations. not to be the spokesperson of the MDA government.
Every time they win, their wealth and that of their families increases to hundreds of billions while we the people decrease in wealth; Young people don't get jobs except for a few who are educated and well-known.
If you have any questions regarding the distribution of foodgrains, please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District or call the following numbers: Toll free No. 1697 and can also appeal to the District Grievance Officer.
He is also a player who has been nominated many times for the Ballon d'Or.
The son of Bah Kyndiah, Bah LK Kyndiah, said that the family has expressed its gratitude to the state government for honoring their father.
He said that the inability to operate the dewbilat factory should not affect the workers, so the government should take action and think together with the workers of MCCL. They said that they should find ways and means to start operating the dewbilat factory in this area, so that they can alleviate the problems of the workers who depend on the income from this factory.
In another match, Uruguay beat Portugal 2-1 with Edinson Cavani scoring in the seventh and 62nd minutes. Pepe scored the third goal in the 55th minute.
The TMC leader expressed the hope that the implementation of the division of constituencies will take place earlier in the areas where the party is stronger.
Drink plenty of water and other beverages: These can include milk, juice, syrwa at least 3 liters per day.
Scholars have also found that there were many buildings in Mesopotamia during the Sumerian and Babylonian civilizations, which were associated with Babylon.
It was during the investigation that he revealed that he intended to give the gold biscuits to Addique Ali and Sahjahan from Barpeta, the DGP said. Assam and arrested them and seized Rs 27 lakh from them.
“At present, the implementation of the schemes has been suspended.
He wears a mask and says, 'You have millions of sñiaw or no song.
Heraclitus said, "There is only one thing that is constant in the world and that is change.
The journalists who were present at that time immediately informed the leaders of the Association JJA to talk to the CEM regarding the arrest of them inside his office, but later The CEM, said that he had arrested him as a friend and later said that he had arrested him to have a drink with him after the meeting. answer and then apologize.
Shillong, July 13 : UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh on Monday announced Bah Remington Pyngrope as the party's candidate from Mawkynrew Constituency for the upcoming MLA elections.
Lakshya Sen, on the other hand, is also hoping to qualify for the tournament, but the one who is standing ahead of him in the tournament is Chou Tien Chen from Chinese Taipei.
Jowai, March 13 : The 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022, was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
This warning applies more to the ancient times when the world was still righteous.
The order urged everyone to follow the guidelines of the state health department regarding social distancing.
When the leaders of the union asked Bah Kharmawphlang about these people, he denied and said that he has no knowledge of these foreigners. Mawthaw Shnong, regarding the Shnong certificate of these three persons, the Sordar of Mawthaw Village has no knowledge of these persons.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the MDCs, the CEM of the Council, Bah Titos W Chyne, said that if the CPC and CRPC are implemented, the courts of the district councils will lose their powers. work.
Delphi Mystica Bareh, a young woman from Nongtalang, said that she has benefited a lot from this program and the most important thing is the confidence in herself and that all this should start at home.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: Thousands of people including youth, children and elderly people from all over Khasi Jaintia Hills District today came to climb the Sohpetbneng Hill.
One of the youngsters won a gold medal after participating in this big tournament.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle East Jaintia Hills District has taken this opportunity to wish all the children of Raij Tuber a Happy New Year. This year's Behdeiñkhlam will be held in a smooth manner with the blessings of God from above.
He said the government has created ways to generate wealth from waste where other parts of the country have done this.
“These people are the ones who take advantage of their names,” said Bah Ryntathiang.
Some counter-protesters destroyed English-language signboards, others threw red paint at English characters.
Lamphrang Blah was accompanied by MDCs from the ruling United Democratic Alliance (UDA) including former Chairman Pyniaid Sing Syiem. The Congress party, which is in the opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has not nominated a candidate for the election. It is understood that on the 7th June 2022, which is also a special session of the KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah will win the election as the new Chairman of the KHADC without any truly any challenge of power from the opposition.
In addition, the State Government will deduct the coal tax, the Meghalaya Environmental Regeneration Fund (MERF) fee and 10 percent to Coal India Limited from the proceeds from the sale or auction of coal.
Heavy rainfall in South West Khasi Hills District in recent days has caused the ground to collapse and there have been landslides and road collapses in all parts of the district.
Regarding the illegal logging factories in the area, the HNYF leader said that the HNYF questions the Forest Department of the state government, which has done He said that the timber trucks from the timber factories can be transported safely to Assam without being investigated or arrested by the Meghalaya government officials.
The strike is part of their demand “to increase their salary from 1000 tyngka to 5000 tyngka and also to increase their salary from 10 months to 12 months per annum”. .
[continued]Free school fees, free phone fees, free car, one for yourself, one for your wife, one for your children and one for your servants and their salaries are paid. The government doesn't pay for paid knup paid trab.
You have opposed the Excise Act.
“I am very sorry to see that the court will have to issue a strict order to the government regarding the illegal mining and trade of coal,” said Bah Paul.
On the 2nd of June at 4 pm, the snap of St. John Paul II will be placed at Parish Pynthor and there will also be a Holy Mass.
Therefore, he urged the office bearers of the HYC to work as leaders in the country and the nation to work in the spirit of understanding from the circles, units, districts to the central body so that how can they conduct activities at all times and it is useless for an organization to have many units and circles if they cannot provide activities in the right direction.
According to Bah Saindor Nongbsap, Secretary Shnong Mawlaingut, according to the family members of the deceased, he has been missing since 26th June. After receiving information about the disappearance of the man, the villagers tried to search for him, but could not find him, until the family members found him from the Pung Umiam.
Manjae scored the third goal in the 42nd minute before India scored the fourth goal through Abhishek (54'). you have won the victory.
“Until now, I have not heard of any talk to remove the leader of the MDA government. On the part of the parties in the MDA government, they still trust the leadership of the Prime Minister. Conrad K Sangma “he said.
This is a waste of public money instead of building health centers to protect the lives of people. good health and peace to the people of the country.
Janis Ann Dkhar, Angelista Syiemlieh, Daphilakmen Lyngdoh, Nongneng Shanpru, Bakhamkorshisha Nongsiej and Richard Sanglyne under the supervision of Madam Aibakor Kharbuli. The field work started on October 18, 2022 and was completed on July 28,
These vehicles were seized at 8.30 pm and during the search of the first vehicle, a Tata Sumo number ML-05-M-1597, powder was found. Four boxes of stem soap weighing 43.33 grams were recovered from another Tata Sumo (MZ-01-K-3872). 516.43 grams.
Granary said that the family of Bah Che don't have anything else to say about the various Surs who have been with his family. I pray that these groups will receive the wisdom and understanding of how to conduct the work in the future and that they will be able to sing with one mind and one strength and to pray for them. that from henceforth the nation shall not be divided as it is now.
The Cauvery River is the river that Karnataka plans to take water to supply 299 villages in the state. The Minister of Meghalaya, said that the work is in progress and will be completed in a few months.
Hundreds and thousands of years ago they were a nation that was oppressed and enslaved by other nations of the world.
Speaking to media after the meeting with Bah Kyrmen Shylla, JNC President Samla Sanbormi Lyngdoh said that the JNC and the people of East Jaintia Hills are deeply saddened by the death of the Chief Minister. K Sangma said that there has been no discussion to build a railway in this area.
He added that with the assistance of the frontline health workers, the collection of samples from those people for testing, then the public awareness campaign including church leaders, village leaders and others has been going on.
Not only that, they destroy the environment in many ways.
He said that some people have complained that the leaders have taken to the streets, but it is not true because the MLAs are elected by the people because the party has to think about the problems of the people.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, has awarded her the National Florence Nightingale Award at a function held at Rashtrapati Bhavan on Friday.
Without proper financial statements from the valuation of the building, staff salaries, he has just given UC on the allocated funds.
The decision was taken before the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) comes into force before the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
Earlier, she said that last month, in a special operation by the Navy, the team seized about 2,525 kilos of methamphetamine worth T.25,000 crore from one ship. in the northern parts of Kerala.
Banroy Wahlang, President of FKJGP Sohkhwai Umdu Unit, said that the FKJGP Sohkhwai Umdu Unit cannot accept that the people of the area have to pass through this bad road which is full of snow. and which caused great trouble unto the people.
During the meeting, they discussed the joint programs between the Sports and Youth Affairs Department, the State Government and the MSOA. He is also the ex-officio President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government has changed the working methods of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) and the appointment process by creating more officers. Recruitment Board to expedite the recruitment process.
It is also necessary for deity and science.
However, the biggest problem is the invasion of the land, farms and fields of the Khasi people by armed groups from Garo Hills.
Therefore he tries to change it at another time.
The body was white and the shyieng was blue.
“The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on 29th June, has visited Maxwellton Estate to build houses for the homeless Khasi on an area of ​​9 acres. , to protest against the government's illegal actions against foreigners who are illegally residing in this government area.
With this in mind, 29 labor laws have been amended into four simplified labor codes.
But the power conferred thereunder on the Governor to bring into force the laws set out in the Schedule continued and would continue so long as the Regulation remained on the statute book.
In a few hours, the campaign for the Lok Sabha MP elections in Meghalaya, Shillong and Tura constituencies, will come to an end.
The PDF candidate said that there have been dozens of villages where he has been able to provide roads as a leader in these years as a leader.
“This is a very disappointing and disappointing task, because most of the time it is found that the agricultural products are scarce, the demand is high but the price is low. sem", said the farmer.
Shillong: The Platinum Jubilee Open Badminton Championship will be held at the Indoor Sports Hall, Jingkieng Lawjynriew from 27th to 30th November. .
In connection with the incident, police said that some people were injured including female police officers.
The court also expects that at a future date, the explanation and findings, if any, will be received in the said report,” the court order said.
There is another 47-year-old case from Pune.
Even many young and old people are addicted to the Internet and it has a profound impact on people's lives.
The President of SMEA said that since 2010 they have sent letters to the government and held many meetings but until these days the government has not believed their demands.
, which the union has tried to stop the electricity work because it doesn't want to give it to the companies but now that the employees are Khasi, they haven't respected anything. that the nation has and honors those who have contributed to the nation.
As Asha workers, they cannot survive on T.2,000 especially since most of the ASHA workers are self-sufficient.
Former Food Minister Bharat Bhushan Ashu, who is from Ludhiana West, has 16 policemen guarding him, 15 policemen guarding Sangat Singh Gilzian and U.S. Randeep Singh Nabha, former Punjab ministers who lost the recent elections.
They expressed the need for a strong Civil Civil Administration to assist the Shillong Municipal Board due to its weakness, the lack of water supply from SMB and PHE. dih, on the use of drugs and illegal sale of kiad, in the Polo area, among other issues.
“We want an explanation as to when the village sold the land to the airport and if it does so, it is for the benefit of the village and the state as a whole.
Paul says in Hebrews 10:37 For yet a very little while, He that cometh shall come, and shall not tarry.
More than 10,000 students were honored on this occasion.
In a statement, CoHSO Chairman Robert June Kharjahrin said that the statement of the Tripura Chief Minister is misleading and deceitful.
Once the location of the soh trees has been decided, it is necessary to measure the distance at which the soh trees should be planted.
“I don't know why this issue is still pending when the government has already made it clear that we have already put a full stop against the casino.
The office bearers of UHM Mawlangwir Unit are President Destarland Lyngdoh, Vice President Paul Lyngdoh, General Secretary Tyngshaiñ Myrthong, Assistant Secretary Isfriday Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary Kitbok Wanniang, Publicity Secretary Hesmandar Lyngdoh. John K. Sohphoh, Sports Secretary Phristarland Lyngdoh, Relief Secretary Batshaibor Lyngdoh, Socio & Cultural Secretary Shngaiñbor Lyngdoh, Education Secretary Tyngshaiñ Nongsiej, Adviser Jolin Lyngdoh, Anthony Wanniemliang, R.S. and Panbor Marweiñ with 16 members.
and MSGC Power Ltd.
“I see now that the people of India have understood that only the Congress is the party that can bring unity in the country.
The dorbar hall was first built in 1916 and renovated in 1954 and now has a complete building which was built in
We express our condolences to the families of those who lost their precious lives in the incident at Mukroh, where they were shot dead by the Assam Police,” said a statement sent by the Secretary of the Assam Police. Khasi Market to Mrs. Rani.
When Babu's face was opened, she told her mother, "I don't want to see Babu.
Pravin Bakshi, Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and Director AYUSH, Bah CV Diengdoh, Joint Secretary and Member Secretary, Dr. D. Roy, Adviser, Quality. Council of India (QCI), New Delhi, Prof.D Khating, Vice Chancellor, North East Christian University and others.
The HNLC's view is that the NGT's suspension will be exactly as the Supreme Court decided to ban logging in
Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan has fallen ill while shooting for Thogs of Hindustan in Jodhpur.
At a meeting on Saturday, the NPP said it will contest the MP election from Shillong, where the UDP has already proposed and announced Dr Jemino Mawthoh as the joint candidate of the MDA. The NPP has announced that it will contest MP candidates in all 25 constituencies in the North East, including the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong Caroline Colony, one of the villages in Jowai, has launched Code Bins to separate the rotten and non-rotten garbage from every household in the village. .
“We have seen that the State Government and the Central Government have also rewarded the police chiefs and soldiers who committed acts of violence, torture, killing and imprisonment of ethnic leaders and villagers for money laundering. , promotion, ribbon, medal and other awards,” he said.
He said that according to the law of the CM, anyone who cuts down trees can be punished by planting up to 10 trees, but in these areas, those who cut down up to 10,000 trees can only plant trees. 5 tree trunks, so he urged the students to take part in this project and to understand the importance of nature.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sounder Strong Cajee congratulated the leaders of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) for organizing such a meeting to celebrate its three years anniversary. He also recalled that he has gone through many difficulties and not only that, despite those many difficulties, the organization has been able to attract young people to become its members from both boys and girls.
At the same time, as the area is dark, it has made it difficult for the SRT to come down and recover the body.
Regarding the incident of a woman in Mawtawar, we understand that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has sought clarification from the Ganesh Das Hospital; However, the surprising thing is that he asks for clarification from himself, because he is the head of the health department (because when he answers in the dorbar in the coming months, he will not answer the doctor in charge of the health department). Lawmali, however, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare will have to answer), while for that woman, who is from Bhoi, we don't know whether there has been an investigation and if so, what the findings of that. Your investigation and you will be able to inform the public.
At the same time, the union strongly opposes the District Council's decision to issue licenses to these foreigners.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 04: The Hynniewtrep Live Fish & Fish Seeds Suppliers Association (HFISA) has decided to conduct a training course for the Dohfish farmers in the state. especially for the Dohkha farmers and also on agriculture for the farmers in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Dr A War, explaining about the areas that have been placed in the Containment Areas, said that 28 areas have been placed in the Containment Areas and out of these 10 areas have been removed.
“I will talk to the Prime Minister to take action on this, as the election is near and it is necessary to register the names of the residents of those villages which fall under Assam, but now they have come to Assam. Meghalaya after the arrangement,” he added.
Regarding this information, many of the women expressed their gratitude to the government for helping them to get this right as citizens of India to get free ration according to the the Government of India.
It is learned that Kundra, along with many other companies, used to look for young actresses who came to Mumbai and promised to star in Bollywood films, but they were rejected. You don't need to be in this movie.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.E Kalwing, District AIDS Control Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, said that there are 7835 cases of HIV/AIDS in Meghalaya. Bhoi District has 539 cases and 332 cases are still undergoing treatment.
In addition, the government will impose high taxes.
A total of 1,025 people have moved to 8 temporary shelters in Gangtok district, while in 18 other temporary shelters the number of people has not been determined. people who went to make a settlement.
Nongstoiñ, July 14: Deicy Mery Marweiñ, a student of St Peter's Higher Secondary School, Mawkhmahwir, has passed well and is among the Class X students who took the final examination of the MBOSE SSLC. I, I, I got up to 85% of the total marks.
Dharmendra Pradhan – Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas; and Minister of Steel19.
Such thoughts enter and leave every party and candidate before the announcement of candidates from different constituencies.
About 40 writers and booksellers from all over India came to participate in the fair and an additional 80 shops were set up.
Clarification from the Dorbar Shnong Mynthlu on the news released by the MPUF-EJHD on 13/08/2019 in Rupang.
Special DG CID Jammu and Kashmir RR Swain told reporters that four of the four accused are still at large.
Regarding the misuse of the documents of the Longkmie, the HYC, after lodging an Ejahar with the Nongpoh PS, the HYC, through Bah Hercules Suting, has urged the The police department has urged the police to conduct a thorough investigation and arrest all those involved, so that such incidents will not happen again.
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has announced that the Third Division of the tournament will start on the 1st of July
Earlier, during his lifetime, he had met with Bah Teiborlang Pathaw to provide such assistance to the village.
Furthermore, the Residential Certificate shall be issued only to those who have lived in the village for at least 12 years and shall be signed by at least 2/3 of the members of the Executive Dorbar Shnong.
“The meeting has unanimously decided to hold an indefinite strike from 5.00 pm on the 6th of this month and we will not allow any trucks carrying dewbilat and clinker to pass on the highway,” he said. said Nidamon.
Shillong: The HANM Education Cell, led by its President, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, today explained their meeting with the Chief Secretary, Bah David P Wahlang. HANM Education Cell wants Khasi and Garo to be one of the languages ​​to conduct all recruitment examinations in the state, including offices of the Government of India. too.
"Caiaphas thinks nothing of the Jewish nation or the people, but only of himself and the pleasure of the Sadducee priesthood and the Sanhedrin.
According to sources, this happened at about 2:30 pm at Umbang Sumer village, Ribhoi District while the Bolero Mission of Bongaigoan Diocese, Assam was on its way to Shillong but the incident occurred at around 2:30 pm. When a truck carrying foreign dew coming from Jowai area collided with a Bolero, it collided with a truck carrying foreign dew coming from Jowai. two or three times and climbed a well and the truck hit the Bolero inside it.
In the decision of the Supreme Court on 12th November 1996 in the case of TN Goda Varan v. Government of India, Bah Marwein said that the word 'Khlaw' should be understood according to the dictionary.
The statement also urges and requests all the members of the KSU from Units, Circles and District units to come forward to implement this demand and to take action if the KSU puts up any program of chess.
There will be cash prizes and trophies for the winners of the Top 10 and also prizes for the winners of the Under-11 and Under-1
Explaining that this step is against the Jaidbynriew, the President of the HYC said, “It is another fact how we can get equal share when the number of people is near. long march.
On the same day, he also distributed the ISO Certificate to the Na Ri Group which produces milk through the Shillong Milk Union.
The MBA and the Meghalaya Butchers Association have suffered a lot and asked for help from Conrad Sangma.
This house belongs to Jemala Lymba.
This happened at another place while the residents of the area were gathering to witness the beginning of the Buddhist New Year.
Mawlai MLA, IR Kharshyndon, Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association, FKJGP and HYC today inspected the 3 acres of land allocated by the village. Mawtawar to build a C&RD Block office in Mawlai.
We elect leaders to rule for us but it seems that we are ruled and enslaved forever by others who are many and not like the French for a short time.
Tomorrow, the 7th match will be between Lumpariat and Dongmihsngi at 3 pm.
Tip how many hours now?" asked Ksan's mother.
I believe that the opposition still has a government syndrome.
He slammed the government by saying that it is only in this government that it has passed laws that are illegal and misleading to the people instead of introducing laws that will improve the people.
“After I got a serious illness, I tested myself for covid and I tested positive,” Rahul Gandhi said.
Therefore, work is not based on religion.
We are grateful that with your great support as the Association, the public hearing of Star Cement was held on that day.
The NEDA was formed under the leadership of Assam Minister Himata Bisaw Sarma from the BJP and included many non-Congress political parties in the region.
Furthermore, there was also a band known as 'Retrosage' which entertained the audience with their songs.
On the other hand, her husband, Gucci Grace, who lived a happy life during the days of her husband's presidency, wanted to bury her husband in her hometown, but the President The country's current president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, has rejected the request.
The Congress was in the opposition but later collapsed after 12 MLAs left to join the TMC and now all the five Congress MLAs who were suspended have left the party. The Congress has been punished by the party for joining the MDA government. The Congress has lost 21 MLAs to 10 MLAs this year. The TMC is the best party with 12 MLAs in the state.
“Just because there is a problem with the land and the residents, it is slow to implement this project.
The public should also follow the rules to prevent the spread of Covid-19 including keeping a distance of 3 feet from each other, not to spread in public places, to clean Wash your hands regularly with soap and water or sanitizer especially before touching your eyes, nose and mouth.
Speaking to Rupang, Dajied's father Rijoy Basaiawmoit said that his son is still in the custody of the Bangladesh Army and tomorrow he will be handed over to the BSF. Police in the presence of relatives and will take him home.
Another reason for the decline in literacy is that school buildings, especially those run by the Government, are dilapidated and covered with tin roofs.
“Once they have a goal and a purpose in their lives, they will focus and work hard until they achieve their goal,” he said.
Lawei Smith had scored the third goal through B.Nongrum in the 64th minute before suffering their first defeat in the tournament.
On the 29th of June, the child, who was raped by this man, informed the incident to her family members who took her to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for medical examination.
Besides, in order for us as the Hynniewtrep people not to be attacked and not to be oppressed by laws that do not suit us, it is time for us to unite together to demand that the Government of India should grant us the authority in the State that we can reject or dismiss ourselves or amend before the Acts of the Central Government come into force in the State and we can do this by demanding that instead of the word “President” paragraph 20 (A) (b) of the Sixth Schedule should replace the word “Governor” or we can demand a separate Article 371 for the State of Meghalaya.
One woman said that God has given wisdom to women and they are the ones who understand the burden of poverty and many problems in society.
He said that Bah Bindo's speech at the election campaign rally in Muktapur on Saturday shows that the UDP has lost the trust of the people and they cannot take up the issue of children by trying to build The President of the BJYM said that in fact Bah Bindo was once the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Speaker of the House and a lawyer. long to mislead the people.
Speaking to reporters, Rajesh Bhushan, Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, said that the requirement to wear masks is only when riding a cycle or walking step by step. If you are driving alone or riding a bicycle alone, you do not need to wear a mask.
Nongstoiñ, July 8: The widespread destruction of forests in West Khasi Hills, is one of the problems that the people have not yet understood that this is a bad and affecting activity. the nature.
After the charge sheet was issued by the investigating officer under section 5(n)/6 of the POCSO Act, the court announced the verdict.
of 1952 which empowers the Governor to direct any law (225 in total) included in the Schedule of Regulation No.
Surprisingly, my article has spread all over Assam and there have been some newspapers that have accused me of creating anti-Dkhar (communal) sentiment and that if there are no tourists from In Assam, the business of those who run the tourism industry will collapse.
He said that the Congress party in these days has faced a big problem in some constituencies where it has not got a candidate to contest. I asked the Congress party and they replied that no one wants to contest the Congress now. Conrad said.
The salary of the School Teacher has not been paid.
According to these students, the NEHU administration has introduced courses like Sanskrit, Yoga which are not suitable especially in terms of employment for the students.
“I will contest this election with integrity and I don't want to buy votes because it will not bring about change in the constituency,” said Imïong.
Man is the most intelligent creature of all the three dozen creatures, but an incident that happened in a village in West Jaintia Hills District has shown that man has turned into a hati and has caused damage. the land of the farmers.
On the 22nd, the Joint Secretary of DCA issued another order on 25th June, 2022 directing all the Deputy Commissioners of Districts in Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills to send All the gates of the Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills Autonomous District Councils and the gates of the Himas on the National Highways, State Roads and District Roads have been closed.
The closing date for receipt of applications is 20-09-1
The former office bearers of Shillong North Mandal are President Alwin David Lyngdoh Nonglait, Vice President Lucas Marbaniang, Gautam Deb and Malcolm Najiar, General Secretary Gilbert Dkhar and Sujit Dhar, Secretary Dropeti Devi, Treasurer Donborlang Kharbangar and Executive Member.
to privatize all public undertakings.
She also informed about the assistance schemes from the government which can be obtained by applying for the Child Welfare Scheme, Women's Welfare Scheme, and the Scheme for Persons with Disabilities. It has identified up to 21 types of deficiencies in the body.
The college is scheduled to start in July, 2021. All the permissions or NOCs have been received from the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education and the work for recognition from the North Eastern Hills University is in progress. and due to the need to complete the construction for the daily classes, it is necessary to build parts of the college quickly and more workers are needed. Seven people have been seriously injured and one has died. Therefore, everyone needs to condemn this incident, said a statement from Bah Barnabas Nongbah.
He said that in Langpih, there is a huge market, where Meghalaya says it is its land and Assam says it is its land. However, when both the states visit Langpih under Block 1 and Block 2, they will be able to resolve this misunderstanding. the time to resolve the border between these two states.
“They had the opportunity to see firsthand the work that the Society does and also praised their work.
“Now, we are on track to reach the goal of eradicating TB by the global deadline of 2030,” he said.
She said that the BJP candidate from 3-Raliang has been criticized by the NPP and the TMC for their fear of the BJP to come to power in the state. The NPP or TMC is a non-performing party and the TMC is a too much corruption party.
These two kings from the east and the west will invade Israel together and are preparing now.
The District authorities have also directed to hand over the Voter IDs and Aadhaar Cards of these people.
When I arrived back in Meghalaya, I saw that all the residents of Meghalaya have received the opportunities and benefits and these are, from marriage, household, purchase of land, farming and what else do they want that they don't get and here they get it all.
Shillong, November 25: The HSPDP has revealed that it has a difference of opinion on the candidate of the People's Candidate Forum (PCF) Rev PBM Basaiawmoit for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong.
“The meeting was pleasant when the Prime Minister informed that the government has expedited the process and all that remains now is to decide on the Chairperson of the committee,” said Bah Ardent. the media.
The distribution of water to the farmland through the Department of Water Resources (Irrigation) is mostly a waste of public money because if I look closely, many of those water distributions have been wasted. It is built in such a way that the water does not flow and cannot flow because it has been worked too hard.
What we want as the people of Sohra is to get a district with one voice in which we will raise our flags of political parties and then all our wishes will come true.
Many US states, including Florida, have experienced a sharp increase in the number of cases of the coronavirus and reported 12,000 new cases on Sunday.
Therefore, the people find it difficult to survive in this village especially at night.
Pynehbor Mylliemngap will compete in the 48kg category (elite), Blseibok Kharbuli in the 48kg category (U-23 male), Mightyson Nonglang in the 45kg category (U-23 male) and Skhemborlang Marweiñ in the 54kg category (U-23 male). ).
“The question is who will take responsibility if these students cannot reach the examination centers on time.
On the demand to review the Reservation Policy, the leader said that most of the decisions of the Supreme Court say that the share should not exceed 50%.
AYWO has demanded that a major step should be taken to stop the mining of mineral resources in these areas.
He said that since the order was issued on July 7, he tried to go to the office but when he reached his room he found that it was locked and he had to sit down.
Wahiajer SC beat Lutituber 2-1 while Moosalyngkat SC and Sohmynting SC beat Lutituber SC 2-1 in the First Division Football Tournament. First.
Lucifer Satan is no longer in heaven in the throne of God, nor is he in hell now, he is in the heavenly realm.
The SSA school in Khliehumwang village, which was supposed to build a building, has been closed down by the Assam Police.
Bindo said that some experts explain that the ILP will boost economic growth, tourism and others explain that it is an insult to the authorities. that it is not English law and therefore no longer applies.
People tried to extinguish the fire but found it difficult due to the strong wind.
Meghalaya won the Ranji Trophy group match against Bihar on the first day of the match and scored 247/7 on stumps at the MCA Ground.
In the survey through the Public Information Act, it was shown that the competition for government schemes is exactly like the competition for government jobs and this happened in the PMEGP scheme where out of 1035 people, applied for government jobs. Only 165 candidates have been selected for the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP)
This is done in December or January and as soon as this is done, the whole farm is cleaned to kill all the weeds.
If Bah Adelbert has done so, or if he does so in the future, he can do so to support the issues he has taken part in.
Glenny Lynrah scored four goals in the 8th, 12th, 40th and 44th minutes, Daman Kyrpang Tariang scored 10 goals in the 19th minute and Supong Lemba Khongwir scored 10 goals in the 19th minute. 76 minutes and Justerwell Tham scored in the 80th minute.
Sylvester's remarks came after the NPP leaders made it clear in a meeting with him today that it will not contest from Mawlai but has been ordered to work for the party.
For my part, I stand to speak and express my responsibilities under the Fundamental Rights, Directive Principles and Fundamental Duties of the Constitution of the Republic of India.
Has the RSS chief thought carefully how much it will affect the income of the country if the name is changed to India, because if it is changed, it will have to be demonetised again. The loss of demonetisation by Modi on 8th November
The Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) has assured the teachers of KJDSTA and GHDSTEA that the government will release the salaries of the teachers every month if the DSEOs can provide the Utilization Certificates (UCs).
The Second Division Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association will continue on Friday at the SSA Stadium in Polo.
He also urged the UDP supporters to work hard to extinguish the fire which does not provide cleanliness to the health of the people.
On the other hand, AMKA sends its condolences to the families of the victims and prays that God will grant eternal rest to those precious souls who have lost their lives. “The Assam Police have strongly condemned the Assam Police and should be punished according to the rules of law,” said a statement from the All Meghalaya Karbi Association.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 28: Police of Umkiang Patrolling Post, now Two vehicles carrying marijuana from Assam have been seized and two persons have been arrested. At 3 pm, police have seized marijuana from Assam. 57.828 kilos of ganja and at 6 pm, 31.142 kilos of ganja were seized.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun congratulated the office of the District Sports Officer of Ri-Bhoi District for organizing the tournament after two years of suspension due to the outbreak of Covid-1 19, and expressed his great pleasure to see that the students of Ri-Bhoi District have the talent and spirit of sports and want to win prizes from this tournament, at the same time he expressed his delight. I am also pleased to be able to participate with the students on this day as an encouragement to them to continue to play well and use their talents for the development of sports like Ri-Bhoi District. It is one of the districts that is famous for its sports.
As part of the celebration of the 30th Anniversary of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA), the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will hold a meeting with all the Upper Primary School Teachers from Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and The Garo Tournament will be held on the 5th November 2023 at 11 am.
C Doreen Lyngwa, ADC, visited the market at 1.30 pm to find out the facts.
SHILLONG: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, today met with Suraksha Diagnostic Pvt. Limited from Kolkata on Friday to discuss the implementation of the State of the Art Diagnostic Centre.
Mukul Sangma was on the left and DD Lapang was on the left.
Shillong, March 23: Many Executive Committees have visited KHADC and many Executive Members have visited their respective departments.
When asked, he said that the signing of the consensus is not yet the final decision, and it will be the parliament that will take the final decision, as stated by the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma. .
Speaking on the occasion, Wailadmiki Shylla said that parents have an important role to play in the development of their children. you are alive.
He said that the issue of foreign infiltration has been going on for a long time because the political parties have been stirring it up from time to time.
Important public affairs have been politicized and the District Council has been turned into a crematorium of thieves and looters until there is no longer any right to justice as it should be.
The people came from Laitlyngkot, Raid Nongkynrih and other villages in Sohra Constituency.
Sec.School and Tie Breaker.
The registration will be held on 14th November 2022 from while the player sale will be held on 16th November from 12 noon to 6 pm.
But they do not know that they reject the Truth and the Salvation that God has given through His Son Jesus Christ.
Out of the 4 lakh passengers, about 1,90,000 are departure passengers and the rest are arrival travellers.
Those who had received permission earlier to work as housekeepers, road workers or other day laborers have also been suspended.
Jayshree scored 17 fours to lead Shillong CA to 227/5 in 29 overs.
This is the fourth meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states to move forward on the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya.
Now I have received news that the doctors have been able to save me,” he said.
All of them are policemen of the 6th MLP Battalion deployed in East Garo Hills District.
Promoting indigenous seeds from this region can solve the problem.
That is the explanation that we dealers want to explain to the public about ethanol,” said Mr. Kennedy.
According to the Tripartite Cluster for Waste and Management, the minimum wage in Singapore will reach $3,260 or more than 2 lakh per month by
Foolish Christians look forward to the coming of Jesus because they have become Christians without receiving the Holy Spirit.
The Governor of Grande do Sul, Eduardo Leite, has arrived by helicopter to the worst affected area to inspect the aftermath of the cyclone. .
On the Railway, former Governor of Meghalaya MM Dighe in 1991-92 said that the government should send the youth to train them so that they can become skilled and understanding in various fields related to the Railway and They will be able to enter and manage the work before the proposal to bring in the Railway Head.
“We firmly believe that the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India will find ways to forget these differences with the party, and look forward to reaching a peace talks. “There is no peace in the state and the country as a whole,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement.
The celebration of the 20th Anniversary will end in 2023 with the Dorbar Bah to be held at Mawphlang.
Shillong, March 24: The KSU Mawlai Circle together with the KSU Umiam Circle, today, after receiving a complaint from the residents of Umshing to Tharia, the river Umrinjah; Therefore, in this inspection, the two Circles found that this stream which in the past was clean and sngur and which is also a large stream used by the people from the villagers. various, to wash clothes as well as the khwai who used to live in this place; However, while it is now small, it has ring swai and has caused the flooding of the water all four seasons and is filled with stones and soil shyiap, due to the mining and quarrying without Think more about the environment by some companies like Toyota, Mahindra, YFC and some private individuals who pollute the soil, shyiap, stone and wood.
Lahkmen said one of the arrested persons was identified by the OC of the Thanat, while the others were lodged a complaint.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma said that the Supreme Court's order is applicable throughout the country and has to be read out in any court. teachers who have completed the D.El.
The Megam at that time many fled to the forest.
West Shillong Constituency has many places where drugs are trafficked and we have received complaints from time to time about the presence of drug traffickers in many places,” said Bah Paul.
Those leaders often never see their faces.
The recruits who were selected to write the CEE examination after completing the competition gathered at Rhino Point, Shillong carrying placards and after this while marching to IGP Point they were stopped by the Police.
He said that one of the reasons why they are against these trucks is because the road has not yet been allowed to come with such heavy trucks.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Chibor Najiar, in his speech, congratulated Rupda for her success in her career. She has shown her talent not only in writing but also in beauty pageants in major competitions where she has also represented India.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the killing of Bah Che.
In a statement, BJYM State President Krison Langstang and General Secretary Skelton Lyngdoh said that there is no difference in the working methods of the party under the leadership of Ernest Mawri. The final decision is made by us in collaboration with the President of the Party.
This road is used by hundreds of students every day.
They also discussed the upgradation of the Land Custom Station at Tamabil-Dawki.
These simple ways may satisfy your desire to reduce your appearance.
The NPP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, has denied that there is any anti-incumbency in the NPP due to the leadership of Conrad Sangma. (MDA) by saying that the increase in development works in all aspects has been witnessed.
“But for now, I want to inform everyone that the future of the Congress and the Congress protest is no longer in power,” he said.
These office bearers were confirmed by Bah Hercules Suting, President of the HYC in Ri Bhoi, in the presence of Bah Jason Lennox Nongrum, General Secretary and other senior leaders of the HYC in the country. Fear.
Shillong: Two children have been trapped alive in an earthquake in Nongstoiñ on Saturday morning.
According to the exit polls, no party will win more than 31 seats to form a government alone but the NPP will win the most MLAs. The BJP has said that it will do better than in 2018 and will win between 6 and 10 seats.
Shortly after, the Union Minister said that he has no intention against Bihar regarding his remarks, adding that if his remarks affect anyone, Piyush Goyal has told the Rajya Sabha that he will revoke these remarks, which he has already made.
The facts will come out when the Congress has exposed the delays of the present Government under the leadership of the NPP and the people will judge whether the allegations are justified or not.
And it is the duty of the government to answer clearly and honestly so that the people know the facts.
On the other hand, the NEIMA inspectors have requested the Prime Minister to provide funds from time to time for the purpose of assisting these children in all aspects.
Shillong, Nailar 17 : The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) has announced four Karate Champions for the Thailand Open Karate-Do Championship to be held in Phuket from the 19th of this month. Nailar 2022.
Marak also appealed to the government to provide assistance and support to these refugees.
The markets where the Lyngngam sell these are Khangsari and Duddura.
" Meghalaya Day was celebrated at the District Library Auditorium.
However, if the time demands and if the state government cannot protect the paradoh parasnam bordering Assam, the matter will answer this question”.
Jowai: The BJP in Jaintia Hills District has demanded a public hearing on the illegal appointment of a commission of inquiry since July last year.
When asked whether the dissolution of the Block Congress, especially in the areas where there are no MLAs, will affect the party, Lapang said, “It will not affect the party in the elections because we want to improve the party. then, it will affect how when we improve".
The wise youths will accept this teaching, but the foolish youths will reject it.
Mission Mangal tells the story of a scientist who took part in India's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) in 2013, while Batla House showcases Police raided Batla house, where two militants were shot dead and they are believed to be involved in the attack on 13th November 2000, which killed 26 people.
“On the 19th, I will explain everything so that the people will not remain in darkness,” said Ardent. The decision is yours, not the people's.
“We will meet with Mukul Sangma to clarify how far the work has progressed,” said KSU-SWKH General Secretary Forwardman Nongrem in a statement. on Saturday.
She is now in Rajasthan to monitor this,” she said.
The existing 33/11 KV Substation at SE Falls Substation, Phulbari and the 33 KV Line Extension from Jongksha to Mawkynrew and the Bay Extension at Jongksha have also been completed.
Nazeem Pulikkal came first in the men's category and Phurba Tamang in the women's category.
Pala said there should be a way for the Khasi language to be recognized and included in Article 8 of the Constitution.
K. Sangma (dance teacher), Eddie, Tuki, Befulstar Kshiar and Mewankitbok Kharbani, Rohit Sarki, Anil Chettri, Deep Thapa, Ricky Sharma, Vivek Pradhan, Nisha Biswa and Anku Kuri.
One reason is that the North East is a leader in sustainable tourism and understands the damage that can come from tourism.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) of the UDP and HSPDP will hold an official introduction meeting for the RDA candidate for the 1st Shillong (ST) Assembly elections. Parliamentary Constituency and also to launch the campaign for the MP Election
R.D Pakynteiñ EE PWD Road South Jowai Division Jowai.
Speaking to media on the recent bomb blast in the Metor area and the unrest among the residents, Bah Lyngdoh said, “Such an incident has happened in all parts of the world and when it comes to and Meghalaya, the days of violence and armed conflict have passed with the HNLC because this is no longer what happened 15 years ago”.
This means that the production of food comes from the plains, hills, valleys, rivers and streams – it must be self-sufficient.
Shillong, March 24: Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkme has donated a computer to the Presbyterian Upper Primary School Umrynjah which was established in
Other office bearers include Wining Nongkhlaw, Rilis Kharlukhi and Agnes Kharsohnoh as Vice Presidents.
“Women have the same right to feel safe when walking at night,” said Joy Syiem, program manager of NEN. Back the night" is a protest that began after the Nirbhaya rape in New Delhi.
KHNAM said that the weight of school bags affects the health of school children. She said that in other states one of the volunteers has lodged a PIL against the overweight of school bags. The Mumbai High Court has taken the necessary action. The Maharashtra state government has also set up a special committee to look into the matter.
Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) rice will be distributed at the rate of 35 kg per AAY FI Card, Priority Household (PHH) rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kg per head free of charge in urban and rural areas. .
If it is found that the soil is too acidic, farmers are advised to apply slaked lime before planting or planting to reduce the acidity.
The Regional Committee was led by Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of State for Government of Meghalaya. T.Lyngwa and others from Assam.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP General Secretary David Kharsati said that candidates have already been nominated from Laban Mawprem, Sohiong Nongspung and Mairang. The party will announce it after the Puja celebrations.
Warjri said his daughter was arrested on 15th March after a complaint was lodged by Saralin Marbaniang on the allegation that her daughter had kidnapped Mohan Pegu from his place. Lumparing Dreamer.
“I don't want to see the people take to the streets again for the report. It is the duty of the government to raise the people or bring out the people to clarify about this incident because until now the people are still in darkness. How did the shooting death of Cherish happen?” said Bah Sawkmie.
The Minister said that the marathon not only attracts foreigners but also helps to maintain a healthy body and also to promote tourism.
Another provision has been imposed under the Meghalaya Pandemic Disaster COVID-19 Regulation 2020, according to which if it is proved that they have violated the government's announcements, they can be imprisoned with a fine. .
On the other hand, the results of this organization are very good so that the people and the society can know clearly to the extent how this nuti has increased in this state especially in the state. city ​​of Shillong.
The decision of the village was heard, They decided only one thing; Everyone shouted, He should be buried alive.
It is a backward area and the union would like to warn the contractors who work torti and urge them to implement the work in accordance with the law and the budget allocated by the government so that it will benefit the people. The people of the village should not benefit themselves otherwise the party will not be forgiven.
“Any law can be amended even the constitution has been amended many times.
Shillong, July 13: The State Regulatory Board for Higher Education (STU) has accepted the recommendation of the Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary to close down the CMJ University.
The KSU has demanded that the government should step up its efforts to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
He was speaking after the announcement of the new office bearers of the KSU Central Executive Council for the term 2023-2026 at Dinam Hall Jaïaw. .
The daughter of the victim, Badarilin Rani, said that the father of the victim, who is 78 years old, is no longer in good health.
" “Please don't be afraid.
“It was also said that the police raid on the farmhouse on Saturday was only a tip of the iceberg of the incident that happened under the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma and his party. According to the statement, this has happened at a time when the government has been accused of corruption in all aspects which it has not yet been able to clean up.
Emphasizing the cooperation between the NPP and the Congress in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Pynïaid said, “Within the District Council, the Executive Committee is independent. batch.
Whoever has and cannot attend school, attend as he pleases.
Although we have defeated Lajong, it is another story now.
The next hearing is scheduled for November 21st.
Shillong, March 19: U BJP Leader and former Minister of State, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday alleged that the 'high level' is a group of those involved in the illegal mining of coal. and do not paint the top level.
The speakers of the Assembly were Pastor Rev. GS Lytan and Rev. LS Nongphlang in the second service.
Police have arrested five persons accused of involvement in the incident.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) EJHD Unit together with the village leaders have expressed their opposition to the NHAI's plan to seek permission to start collecting revenue at the Toll Plaza in Lumshnong while it has not been able to repair it. the road that is broken down.
Twenty cases are from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and six from Balochistan.
Likewise, they say that the killing of an enemy village without justice and without foundation also brings about a destruction of the village, the town or the Hima in the future.
Ovarian stimulation, oocyte (egg) and ICSI treatments and other treatments have been conducted at Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
Shillong, November 9: The price of pork in Sohra has been increased from T.240 per kilo to T.280 per kilo for the past 10 months. region.
Speaking to reporters, Sniawbha said, “The Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC) Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah has called a meeting of the HLC on the 31st to take a final decision. on the Blueprint”.
I will not let you go anywhere else.
Iomaiki Lamare scored two goals in the 47'+3 minutes and Cherishson Tyngkan scored the second goal in the 80'+3 minutes.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the symbol of the PDF is Mommati and Momati will shine gradually in East Jaintia Hills District. “We have already nominated a candidate but he won only 200 votes, in this election we will look at it and we will think about it,” said Bah Banteidor. The party should first understand the foundation of the party and be confident in itself and then it will start working and strengthen the party in the district. When the Youth Front of the party was formed, the youth came forward and said that the foundation of the party which is a national party stands to protect the customs and traditions, which are related to the country and the nation. to fight for the rights of the country, to defend our ownership of the land, to defend any issues that affect the country, these members of the party will Speak when the time comes, because now my visit to East Jaintia Hills District is to strengthen the office bearers and members”.
The earthquake has caused heavy traffic jam especially on the Narpuh highway where at the time of writing of this news, heavy and small vehicles are still stuck in the traffic jam. They didn't let the vehicles pass on the side of the road.
Before the programme, the group visited the DIRC (Design Innovation Resource Centre) set up by the Department of Textiles at Eri Silk Village which showcases various Ryndia fabrics and provides information to the visitors. and researchers on the subject.
If you ask many of the ancestors what they know about the sword, or about the great thinkers of the nation, the answer will be closer to those who know well, but it is just a thought, or There are also those who answer with a smile, because in the schools where they study, the children do not receive adequate training or knowledge for the heroes of the country, who fought to defend their nation. , from the invasion, the invasion and the establishment of a new religion.
I will try to join the government, because being in the government is essential for serving the people.
Municipal Services.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) will hold a flag raising and placard rally across the North East on November 11 to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, which is a violation of the rights of the indigenous people of this area.
The word huri hura means that there is no trouble, but huri or hura alone has no meaning; the word lap means to fall without being allowed, but lap means to find and lah means to be or happen as expected; the word buk bak means to hasten something to be done, while buk means to burn suddenly and bak means to disappear completely; the word quickly means to be quick to do exactly at the right time, while quickly means to be quick before others and without any sense; The word khim khait means to be so extreme that nothing can be done, while khim means to be overwhelmed and khait means to be overwhelmed.
In Manipur we see a struggle between the more developed northern region and the backward hill country.
I will write a little more about this to make it clearer to the readers of the newspaper.
The Parish Mawiong has been taken over by the Diocesan Fathers or the Fathers of the Diocese, said Archbishop Victor who appointed Rev. Fr.Alfred Lyngdoh Nongbri as the first spiritual leader of the Mawiong Parish. this parish.
Drs. Mawthoh is a former MLA from Nongthymmai constituency, Associate Professor of CACE and former Chairman of the Union of Village Youth Organizations Central Body.
Regarding the deterioration of the roads and especially the highway which has started to collapse and many of the roads, Rakkam said that he will soon meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) and also to the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) of Garo Hills to discuss the measures to be taken to improve and maintain the roads in the area.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chairman of the MPSC, Bah PR Marwein, admitted that there was a misdistribution of questions, but only a few questions were distributed.
The VPP leader has criticized the government from MDA 1 and MDA 2 for wasting the money of the people by appointing Chairman, Co-Chairman and Vice-Chairman. Chairman to the members of the parties in the coalition government.
And there are other things which we do not know, neither need we speak or tell you, but ye know them.
Speaking to media, NPP Spokesperson Ampareen Lyngdoh said the government has called for this meeting to discuss the issue and listen to the opinion. to the streets will not bring any benefit because the laws are made not on the streets,' she said.
This country is very fertile.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Ma Puramon Kynjing in the presence of Ma Arwotki Sumer, General Secretary, WJDBA, WJDBA leaders and others.
His excellence and dedication in his work has been a milestone in winning the Mattithaw Award in memory of Crystal Gayle who passed away in
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that more students have taken Khasi after MIL was made an elective subject compared to the past when Khasi was MIL. He said that there are other states which have done the same for the languages ​​of Jharkhand, Punjab and Mizoram.
I am not writing to insult or divide the nation when I say this, but I am saying the truth as it appears.
The Seiñraij Jowai hopes that the completion of the Behdeinkhlam festival is one of the parts of the eradication of diseases, corruption, will protect the youth from drugs, alcohol, violence against women and children and will bring about the welfare, development of the family, the community and the country as a whole.
