At present, only small vehicles and empty trucks are allowed to pass through the bridge.
On the other hand, the people of Nagaland have suspected that NSCN (IM) chief Thuingaleng Muivah has something behind the absence of Phungting Shimrangu to take part in the peace talks. and the Government of India.
From these Iawbei Khynraw came the trees Amdep, Diang, Diat, Jat, Mesni, Nai, Nui, Dep, Romiah, Nongrum, Tai, Put, Dumai, Nonglamin, Light Tree, Parihong Tree. Marngar, Hek, Iongkjam, Nartiang, Larom, Doom, War and other tribes and families.
“You are not ready to leave,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
one who is 18 years old shall be sent to prison.
The Seng has praised the working methods of Ricky Tariang and demanded that he should be transferred to WJH Hills.
The Government has focused on the development of the North East.
Therefore, the District Administration has issued an order and informed all the Village Headmen to inform the public that these 6 (seven) villages have been declared containment areas so that the Health & Family Welfare Department, Magistrates, Health Field Workers and other assistants can collect information from anyone who has had contact with those who have contracted the disease.
Because the first jait was given to Rymmong, the second to Langstieh, the third to Ryntathiang, the fourth to Naga, and the third to Naga. the English and the seventh shall be given to the Negro father.
Then he won another 4 seats from the Congress.
The Meghalaya High Court earlier ordered that no one will be allowed to sit and sell on public roads as it has disrupted traffic and at the same time, ordered the government state that it should find a place to accommodate the market vendors.
Class X, XI (MIL/SL) Cl-XII (MIL/SL) certificates have been issued.
“This government's failure to implement the Employment Policy shows that the MDA government has no responsibility for the unemployed youth,” said HNYM leader Bah Louis. The Chief Minister of the State, instead of introducing an Employment Policy, has introduced a Cement Company which has introduced a foreign policy which has been used to open the way for foreigners to work in these factories. produce dust.
The MLA confirmed that he will not tell the public about those who keep firearms in his residence or in drop boxes.
When she decided in her heart not to stop Deng from that job, she thought that she might get into another trouble.
Therefore, to clarify on the arrival of cows from Assam and especially on the smuggling to Bangladesh, the HNYF leader said that they will soon gather the meat producers from all over the country for discussions. on this topic.
Furthermore, the NOC of the Superintendent of Taxes, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoiñ pursuant to letter No.ST/WKH/NG-207/2023-24/193 dated 1/09/2023 issued by the Commissioner of Taxes, Government of Meghalaya.
“The problem in Nongpoh area is due to the failure of the power supply system and not the implementation of the power outage as alleged,” said the Minister of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday took part in several meetings with the officers of the department on various issues as well as the targets achieved by the branches and departments of the department.
Shillong: The office bearers of the 17-North Shillong BJP Mandal have decided to leave the BJP. This was taken at a meeting chaired by Bah H Victor Lyngdoh, Working President and MA Nongkynrih, President Women The BJP has introduced the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 which has affected the nation and the entire North East.
The Rangbah Shnong of the village said that everyone in the village witnessed the bravery of the child at the time of the incident.
Speaking to reporters in Jowai, Moonlight Daw said that his departure from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is for personal reasons.
On the other hand, Bah Bistocan Timung, Secretary of the AMKA and Samla Superlin Ronghang, Secretary of the Karbi Cultural Society, Meghalaya Zone, said that they have no difference of opinion on the speech of the Umsning MDC. They don't know where it comes from, but their invitation to the party leaders to attend the Samla Karbi Festival is to have a relationship and unity like the citizens of Meghalaya. They are Karbi and Khasi.
She said that the Tura Medical College is progressing and the government will expedite the implementation of the college so that it can become fully operational.
The District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, Khroobok Passak invited everyone to participate in this program so that the celebration of the country's independence will be a success.
The DC West Jaintia Hills after receiving the letter said that he will take action.
“We want to ask the Prime Minister about the safety of women in the country,” said the Mizoram women.
“Bah Pyndap Saibon and your team, let us be together as one family and let us be elders, please take this as a statement through the media to take care that on the 17th, at 3:30 pm we will meet at my house,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum in an interview with the media.
However, they are the ones who cheat or initiate all these things.
The project has cost T.560 crore and was started in 2014 and was on the verge of closure due to lack of funds, but when the MDA government under the leadership of u Conrad Sangma, who came to power in 2018, has ensured that the funds will be available for the implementation of the project and has been able to revive the project.
The appointment of teachers was made by the MC with the approval of the State Education Department.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the government has allowed the opening of bars in hotels and liquor outlets which have received a license after the expiry of the puja will be held on 26th March
There are also those who said that the increase in the price of transportation by the state government has led to the farmers to smuggle their produce.
They have started the Medical College in Shillong while in Tura they have almost completed it.
The gate is to check the health of the cows, their documents and to prevent the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, today met with health officials, police chiefs of Ri Bhoi and village leaders of 12 villages in Byrnihat area. section to discuss many issues related to COVID-1
According to Naik, the shops will be distributed first to those who have registered in the old market.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has expressed the hope that the Central Government will take action to prepare a soskular or a MoU regarding the settlement of the border with Assam. to discuss and arrange for 6 out of 12 sites at a meeting to be held on the 9th of this month in Delhi.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08 : U Bah Process T. Sawkmie, former MLA of Umroi, Bah Process T. Sawkmie, has decided to join the NPP. The Mylliem MLA who accused the government of not seeing far on the Jowai-Amlarem-Dawki road is wrong.
On the other hand, the union urges the Government of India and the State Government to complete the International Fencing so that people from Bangladesh will not be able to enter India illegally.
The union said that this action of the police has shocked especially the children and there have been cases where they have entered the homes of women in the middle of the night with drunkenness, which has shocked and frightened them. mothers and children.
Regarding the situation in Khanduli, the Meghalaya government should take immediate action to talk to the KAAC authorities led by Tuliram Ronghang as Chief Executive Member (CEM).
Besides the six EMs, Mitchel Wankhar, Victor Ranee, Macdalyne Mawlong, Lambor Malngiang, Latiplang Kharkongor and Gigur Myrthong, Pynshngain N Syiem and Alvin Sawkmie may also withdraw their support.
Thomas said the union's pursuit is to ensure the government's commitment to implement this demand.
No casualties were reported on either side. Police sources said that the GNLA was led by Kamdat-Commander.
It was at this time that Phrang (Hilarious Kharbihkhiew), a police chief who was close to Rick, came and it was from him that Rick learned that Divya had been kidnapped by Shngaiñ.
He said that as the minister he does not want the teachers to be sad but the government will take responsibility to resolve the issues of the teachers despite the difficulties it is facing.
“The Government has set up a Committee on the Reservation Roster headed by the Minister and the UDP will send one of its MLAs to lead the party to express its concerns on the issues related to the roster. system.
Section 78 of the Act also states that 'Anyone who uses a child as a market vendor, transporter or marketer of these alcoholic beverages shall be liable to imprisonment for 7 years and a fine. which is T.1 lakh.
Violators will be punished with imprisonment for not less than 3 months and up to 3 years with a fine of not less than T.20,000/-. to up to T.1, 00,000/ if found to be in violation.
The anointed one is cut off (cut off).
It is learned that the name of Bah Sumer has been in the District Council Affairs Department of the State Government for two months but it has not yet received the approval from the Department and has not been submitted to the Governor.
Regarding the year of implementation of the Roster System without looking at the merit of the case and to leave it only to the Legislature and the Executive, especially to the new Assembly to discuss this.
Speaking at the closing ceremony, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui expressed his gratitude to the Church of God for its 75 years of support to provide education to the children of this village.
There are 21,590 cases undergoing treatment and 67,641 cases in the state.
It is also part of the Shillong-Sylhet road.
The youth as well as those working in the field of environmental protection have expressed their concern and anxiety because they fear that the EIA 2020 will become law in the coming days.
“We don't want this company to provide only medicines but we demand that the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board should revoke the license of this company because the pollution happens from time to time in many places. “The residents of Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District have been complaining about the smell and waste from the factories in Byrnihat district,” said Bah Ban. and he was afflicted and troubled in that area.
These three candidates in their public speeches today expressed their goals and objectives for the next five years and at the same time they requested for The people of Mawkyrwat Constituency are requested to come out on the 27th June, 2023 and sign the symbols of these candidates.
According to him, many villages have complained about the poor working methods of these contractors in the smart town.
Therefore, the youth who have become members of the FKJGP, should take responsibility to protect the country from the influx of foreigners, because as a nation we feel that there is still more from the influx of foreigners. “It is necessary for the youth to come forward to protect their country,” he added.
He told parents that they should take care of their transportation, accommodation, or place of study and that the places where they go to work should be safer and suitable for adolescent safety.
The Head Office has urgently needed to install an Automated Teller Machine (ATM) in Mawsynram Village.
The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) celebrated its 13th Annual Day on the 4th of this month at NEIGRIHMS.
AIS SujaU God is alive, you are crazy! God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son (Jesus)" Hebrews 1:1
The day was filled with various programs including dance, songs and drama performances by the actors and actresses of Khasi films.
“Many of the residents in Iewduh will leave their goods, they will leave their shops to throw garbage to Stand Jeep and Mawlong Market, there is no dustbin in the market,” he said. “Do they throw away their garbage all day and night inside their shops? The garbage collectors don't come at night or in the evening, they only collect garbage. morning" he said.
Superintendent of Police BD Marak said that the escaped prisoner, Rikmenlang Lamare, was arrested by the residents of Barato and handed over to the police.
Later, the Meghalaya State Badminton Association (MSBA) has sent a letter to the Government expressing its dissatisfaction with the decision through letter No. MSBA/2021-22/27 dated
In terms of prizes, the men's team of Shillong Labet won a cash prize of T.50, while the women's team won a cash prize of T. thousand.
The Green-Tech Foundation on 27th June, demanded that punitive measures be taken against the illegal construction of the Thangsniang River at Garoline Laitumkhrah, as well as the permanent construction nearby. The river falls on the border between Nongrimbah and Nongrim Hills.
So it is not easy to mention a few officers,” he said.
In a statement, Marak urged all the leaders to join hands in the demand for Garo State.
“The ban on people who have not yet been injected to open schools, organizations, factories, shops and others or to ban employment, if it is in the work of NREGA and The bench of Sanjay Kumar, Chief Justice and Justice Kh.
The North East Regional Review Meeting (NRB) has started today at the State Convention Center to discuss the implementation of the flagship programs of the Central Government including the Ayushman Bharat Prime Minister Jan Arogya Yojana and the Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission. The Prime Minister of the country in November
The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh has promised to build a synthetic track, tunnel, gallery at Kiang Nangabh Stadium and a Futsal court in Jowai. .
The outbreak of Covid19 has caused a severe cold in the world, with the closure of all activities including schools and places of worship.
“Don't mislead the Honorable Symbud Myntri Rangbah, don't say that you have passed the Cabinet but you have not passed through the Personnel Department like this OM on 3rd June 2022,” said Bah Adelbert.
In the past, the TMC MP in Parliament has spoken about the needs of the people of the state like ILP, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Scheduled of the Constitution. Besides, the party also provides assistance to the poor, especially the women, by providing assistance of T.12,000 per annum.
We cannot say that this is an age when all people are busy and do not have time to relax.
Speeches were also delivered by the Director, MSCPCR, KML Nongbri and the Chairperson of MSCPCR, Ïamonlang Syiem.
Anand Dapbor Mangu, President MCPC, MCPC members and supporters of Bah Julias K. Dorphang were present at the filing ceremony.
On the same night, Kong Sahitina said that she lodged a complaint with the police and they also came to the police station in Pynursla.
He also criticized the government by saying that now, the government ministers are listening when they see that the prime minister is corrupt because they themselves have been involved.
They left the shop and went along the road.
If one of these is wrong, it means that we have failed in our efforts to protect the rights and customs of the Hynniewtrep people.
The police station has resumed its duties as usual.
These leaders were confirmed by the President of the CoRP, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang in the presence of the Working President, Bah Pateng Myrsing and other leaders of the CoRP. The CoRP Ronghalam Unit includes the President-elect, Bah Alfred Ingti as President, Clement Hanse as Vice President, Roming Lapang, General Secretary and other leaders and members of the Unit.
He said that we should not take sting or ignore the small beginnings.
As the Minister, he said he would take action to talk to the Deputy Commissioner to urge the sellers and buyers not to cut kilos of agricultural products.
Dr. Kalam was born on March 15, 1931 in Dhanushkodi, Rameswaram, India and passed away on November 27, 2015 at the age of He was called 'Missile Man' because he was a scientist who looked after weapons or a nuclear scientist.
However, the farmers are sad that even to visit their farms they don't want to go anymore because these wild elephants turn away from the people if they want to go.
Are you a slave to your smartphone, watching its screen until nightfall?
However, Mawlai struggled to turn the tide and it was in the 26th minute that Oversharp Iawphniaw scored the first goal.
The Digital India program of the Government of India has led to an increase in the number of people in the country who have access to the internet and social and digital media platforms.
In the second innings between Slog Warriors and Jersey Kings CC, Slog Warriors tied first and set a target of 125 runs for the loss of nine wickets at the end of 20 overs.
The Association has sent a letter to the Vice Chancellor Prof PS Shukla to cancel the notification dated 12th July, which has set the deadline for the implementation of the NEP 2020 for all the colleges affiliated to NEHU. Dr Rani said that the MCTA had already sent a letter on 21st November, but due to the silence, the union has launched a non-cooperation movement since 1 January.
These foreigners, who were arrested by the KSU, were arrested by Umsning Police and sent back to Assam.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala, 12 MLAs have fled to the TMC while 3 MLAs have fled to the TMC. The party has fought against the NPP-led MDA government in which the BJP is also present.
Banteidor explained that this scheme is part of the efforts to help the farmers and if the people are in trouble, he urged them not to wait unfoundedly to cause losses after the election, but the people should go. Block shall have assistants to explain and explain this scheme.
Our presence in the party is not to feel proud or to act proud but to serve”.
On the 23rd of November 1899, 16 leaders of the Khasi National Union (KNU) under the leadership of Rajmohon Roy Nongrum as Chairman and President of the Khasi National Union (KNU) and Rangbah Chandranard Dkhar, Secretary and 14 others who have made the Seng Khasi the bloodline.
The summons is a matter of concern because when the peace talks have progressed, how can new cases be filed against the leaders,” said Bah Nongtraw.
If the people who elected them hate the BJP party, their elected MLAs (elected representatives) will join them.
Speaking to reporters, Ma Chillangki Phawa, Secretary of the Kur Phawa-Siangshai Mukroh Saba Maitdeiñ Unit, said that in Saba village, there were several children who were infected with the disease. This is not the case with these children.
The protest by the truck owners' unions is to stop the transportation of goods from the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
However, we believe that Assam is one of the states in India where pai can grow well.
There were also performances by singers and dancers including a traditional dance from the Wahkhen Institute.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Lumkshaid, Shillong has informed the public that there will be a cleanliness drive. The residents of the village from all households are requested to come out in order on the 18th of this month.
He paid tribute to Swami Vivekananda, and spoke about the impact of his work on India's struggle for independence.
They should also be reminded that their children should not be raised in such a way that they may become corrupt when they grow up.
“It may be recalled that in the final which was held on Saturday, the players of the State played well from the start and also to show their skills.
We have learned that two more complaints have been filed against him.
To educate young people, parents that they should not marry children and that they should not encourage child marriage as this is illegal and subject to strict penalties of the law.
He said that for 60 kilos of sohsaw, about 8 kilos were harvested and from 100 kilos, about 9 to 10 kilos were harvested.
It is the first not only in the area where there are many Dewbilat factories but the first in the state.
He said that even though there is a good law, it is difficult to stop the thieves and it should not blame the government and request the illegal coal miners to stop mining illegal coal.
The question is, do we know how to elect MLAs who will be the rulers of us and our children? Looking at the past years, we have to think again many times.
Nongtdu tried to score but the ball went straight into the net.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Ma Thombor Shiwat on Tuesday introduced a budget of T.13,59,36,800 for the year 2024-2
Police said that the vehicle was seized thanks to the failure of the public to provide timely information especially the cooperation of the residents of Lad Mawphlang, Mawkdok and Mawjrong.
In this regard, the union demands that the central government should immediately appoint a VC who can serve the university fully and the VC should not leave NEHU only part-time. In this way, it will not take long for NEHU to decline in its service to education in the North East.
There are 38 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, including 26 BSF personnel and 12 others.
Marbisu CC, after tied first, managed to score 94 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 20 overs.
“You don't have any signs of evil.
The traffic jam on the Upper Shillong highway continued until evening as many vehicles passed through this village road to Umshyrpi.
Finally, the Forum also urged the Karbi and if they start maki first, then the Khasi Pnar people will not be able to protect themselves and will not be stopped.
At that time, Mevani was an independent MLA from Vadgam in Banaskantha district.
The seizure of other drugs was 16,928 in 2022, 32,298 in 2023 and 600 in
The Social Welfare Department of the State Government has taken the initiative to introduce a law against drug traffickers after seeing that the influx of drugs into Meghalaya has been excessive and according to statistics. Since 2019, the number of drug users has increased significantly in the state and also in five districts of the state have been identified as areas of high drug use.
The program was led by the Additional Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, PS Thangkhiew.
These cows were handed over to the Dangar Police Station for further investigation.
USTM shares these beliefs by empowering students to become leaders, innovators and responsible citizens who contribute to the economic development of the country, he said.
About five people were seriously injured and were shifted to Aizawl for better treatment.
How the land is used is another matter to discuss without talking about ownership.
Meanwhile, Bah George B Lyngdoh, Member of the Committee, said that according to the observations and investigation of the management of the company, there was doubt whether they followed the rules laid down by the government when cutting trees. .
At this meeting, many Sordars and BLOs expressed the difficulty in linking EPIC with Aadhaar, as many people do not yet have Aadhaar.
The Nongpoh MLA said that there are some youtubers who spread false information just to insult each other and to please each other, until the people especially in the rural areas are misled by false information.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM has started inviting applications for MDC candidates who wish to contest from the KHNAM party and the applications should be submitted to the office of the President of the party, Bah Adelbert. Nongrum, Jaiaw Lansonalane, Shillong on or before the 31st of this month, for the KHADC and JHADC. Meghalaya and Assam, to plant stone in all the boundaries of Hima and Villages using modern technology.
In fact, this policy which has been in place since 1972 should have been changed to be fair and equal to all.
This method of painting is not easy, but it requires a lot of time and patience and skill of the person or artist, to paint the sun exactly in the place or part that has not been painted. da u let.
Replying to the suggestion of Congress MLA from Gambegre Saleng A Sangma for the development of indigenous entrepreneurs, the CM said the CM Elevate program aims to to promote local entrepreneurs as the government has taken steps to promote home stays and other accommodation facilities.
Shillong: The Maweit road, which has not been properly maintained since 1962 until now.
Sangma has met and talked to the truck drivers who have been stranded on the road in Lumshnong and said that he has directed the DC to provide food and drink to the people who have been stranded on the road. area.
After the seizure of these two buses, the police have charged them under the provisions of the law. One of the other buses has been seized by the police, while the other has been released. to drop off the passengers of the bus first, after it was found that it was carrying children living elsewhere.
The major goal of DRIP in implementing this project is for maintenance as well as strengthening and improvement of dams for safety.
Lalrosama said that in a meeting with the DC of Karimganj, he had made it clear that the Mizoram police would not retreat from their current position on the border with Assam. Mizoram police are on their own border.
The HSPDP has said that the amendment to the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries (Appointments, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 2005 would be against the 91st Amendment to the Constitution.
He will also deliver speeches in Jalgaon and Pune districts.
However, according to Section 10(2) of the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014, there is no provision that only those who are still employed by the Government can be appointed as officers in these two departments of the Meghalaya Lokayukta. .
Regarding those who take loans from banks to build houses, Bah Paul said that a letter has been issued to ensure that they will receive the permit to build houses once the banks have approved the application. The Meghalaya Building Laws 2021 has been implemented while the Council does not have its own building code.
Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh said that the army will provide security measures especially inside the Army Umroi Contonment. baboon expenses.
Ma Pleit Dkhar Waheh Shnong Khliehmyntriang said that anyone found violating the Village Rules of the Dorbar Shnong will be punished according to the Shnong Rules and will be handed over to the authorities.
“I have immediately sent for an investigation into the incident and I will receive the report within a day or two,” he said.
The biggest problem in Meghalaya is to get land to build roads, because the land belongs to the people and not to the government.
Bah Myrthong added that they will boycott the election and the owners who take the contract should understand that, because the group will not allow them to go on election duty because they , they have already submitted their letters of request for income, and the election duty will also go on but they have not listened.
She turned to farming to earn a living.
The public is prohibited from leaving their homes to go to the market, cut wood, go to work, harvest jhur or go shopping.
Regarding the foreigners from all over the world, he said, 'The mattithaw is a source of unity that unites the people and eradicates the spread of the rights of the world, and the It is instilled in the creativity of the poets and the poets so that they can grow and flourish in society.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) on Tuesday evening held a meeting at Nongstoin to explain to the public and to express their strong opposition to the implementation of the Act. which is not in line with the reality of the Khasi and Jaintia people and other ethnic groups living in the North Eastern States.
Syiem said the government through Prestone should not delay like other states in India, in removing the slum areas of the Metor area.
Therefore, for the idea of ​​Cadre Strength or Cadre, in relation to Reservation, I request the readers to go to the Brochure of Reservation of the Dept.
Dipayan Chakraborty, GS Nongbet State General Secretary and Shewan Jhunjhunwala, BJP treasurer, were also present at the registration ceremony. Leaders of BJYM, Mahila Morcha North Shillong and leaders from the constituency were also present to express their support to Bah M Kharkrang. There are two candidates from this constituency, Bah M Kharkrang and Bah Michael Kharsyntiew. Shillong, July 15 : Chairperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Mamata Banerjee will return to Meghalaya on the 18th of this month to campaign in North Garo Hills. Hills District.
They started with a draw against Mizoram and then lost to Nagaland, both at home.
In Garo Hills, the Nokma and his dorbar do not use these commissions.
Besides, we have also decided to hold film festivals in the state so that it will be an inspiration and encouragement to the filmmakers from the state to know more about this film industry in the state. “It is still enough even if we don't understand how much it will help to create jobs for the youth,” said the Minister.
“We have asked for OC from MUDA for the house but Wansted Syiemlieh has asked for T.2000 when he came to inspect the house on the 21st. The officer called them and said that the drawing was not clear and when he came back, he said that the price was only T.72 (nine hundred and twenty tyngka)”. said Bah Rani.
Krishan was appointed as DGP in November last year but was rejected before the elections by the Election Commission.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ban Kharnaior said that the reason why the party has decided to donate the house to the family is after receiving information that the family, it is really a poor family and living a miserable life.
Many children have climbed in the jngi, so the association will soon meet again with the government to submit a letter to demand to stop the project until the 50 meter jngi pool is available. jngi is not only a place of education for children but also a place of health because jngi is one of the best remedies to treat many diseases in the body.
Speaking on the occasion, Mahua Moitra, MP of the TMC, praised Bah Sounder Cajee for being a man of good intelligence. The turnout has been 10 days and this shows that Bah Cajee will win the MLA election in
However, in the course of the journey and especially in this neo-liberal era, we have strayed from this path and thus deprive many of our fellow human beings of the opportunity to experience a meaningful life.
About 60 percent in Khasi Jaintia pay the money they receive while in Garo Hills the payment is poor.
The final match of the Women's League has been postponed to Friday due to the 2 hour heavy rainfall. 'A' and EWDCA will compete for the title.
The news comes after the US called on the UN Security Council to end Israel's offensive in Gaza.
Junel Tongper, a member of the HNLC, surrendered his sword in front of Inderjit Singh Rane, IG BSF, 97 Bn BSF. PS-Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District.
In Moopala, a woman who did not want to be named said that no ration was seen in
Sohra Constituency MLA TW Chyne in his speech as the chief guest praised the village for its progress in all aspects.
The opposition has demanded that time should be given for the discussion on Manipur under Article 267, while the CM has agreed to shorten the discussion under Article
In short, it has encouraged us to understand the right to equality of opportunity.
Jowai: U Wailad Miki Shylla, Local MLA of Jowai Constituency, on Saturday launched the ambulance which he has donated to the Dorbar Shnong, Ialong under the SRWP 2021-2 .
“To start a new party is not easy and we have understood this from the beginning but the support of the people to win 5 MLAs is an encouragement to us and we will work hard not to thank the party. this trust that the people have placed in us," he said.
We too will be with you and we will pray as the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep that you will reach victory,” he said.
For example, in a rape case, the Police will have to submit an investigation report within 7 days.
Referring to the friendly match between the UDP and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongpoh Area, the match was very interesting and thrilling with the participation of Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, one of the players. Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State, Bah Pius Marweiñ MLA and others but from the first half until the end of the second half no goal was scored. breaker.
No injuries were reported and the destruction of illegal coke will continue in the coming months until it has been destroyed.
The awards were presented by the MLA of the area Bah Sanbor Shullai who is also the Minister of State.
The rivers and streams that are still clean, the clean valleys and the bright and beautiful rivers that surround the lyngngai forests.
These villages, although on the border with Bangladesh, are not far from the National Highway.
Vehicles passing through the NH-6, the road passing through the village will come as authorized by the government authorities but will not be allowed to park or stop inside. the boundary of the village except for unavoidable reasons.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Silbi expressed her satisfaction that the Central Government has awarded her the Padmashree Award
The ceremony was attended by their relatives.
He said that this is not the only scheme on gas reduction that his party has; there were many more schemes.
Agnes Kharshiing said the Supreme Court's reply is part of the justice for the death of Police Marbaniang.
He also remembered the past leaders who fought for the establishment of the present state, where they fought tirelessly.
The Government has started the process to select a company that will be able to do this work and to re-certify them.
Regarding the public meeting, Nickman Marak Chairman of GSMC, while talking to reporters, said that the meeting was successful, as all the political parties and residents from all over the country They came to take part and expressed their desire to get their own state.
The former Prime Minister alleged that the Act has been in force since 2018 because “We have decided to fight politics with this Act, which affects the welfare of the people”.
If you need someone who is dressed in fine clothes, they speak respectfully and are quick to help.
According to SDPO Ian Swer, the teacher, M Kephrin Karlatang, who teaches at CNI LP School, Mawlynnong, was arrested after a complaint was lodged by the Secretary of Shillong Pastoral Committee. CNI Shillong Pastor Archibald S Kharpuri and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : U Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal on Tuesday said that Meghalaya has a capacity of 3000 MW but so far it can generate only 367.50 MW. MW which is only 11.8% of the electricity supply in the state.
“I don't even know how these journalists on Social Media (Facebook) get to write such news which is against the feelings of the individual,” said Bah Pale.
I cannot say that there has been a demonstration, there has been a discussion from my friends and especially from the workers within the Congress party.
Also present at the meeting were PHE Minister Marcuise Marak and Rongjeng MLA Jim Sangma.
In fact, the KHADC has tried to conduct this work and has already sewn hundreds of uniforms until some daju came to hold a protest in front of the District Council. the purpose has failed.
In the Khasi language, the FESTIVAL can be called TAMASA, or RONG KA TAW or TAMBOI. The English word FOSSIL means the bones of wild animals, or plants, such as the big trees, the san trees, which are ancient, and that these lyngkhot or phngit are stuck in the rock, which are like stone mdups, tyngkhap maw, Mawlong in the forests and also on the rock slopes.
“If there are any signs of such corruption, let the Government of India do whatever is necessary to investigate those corruption cases so that we, if we are clean, will be free from punishment and the state too. I will be free from that bad sign,” Sangma said.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Michael Kharsyntiew said that he will send an explanation to the party as demanded by the party.
Jowai, Naitung 27: The Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim has announced that it has banned the spread of garbage, plastic bags and Huggies inside the village. The boundary of the village council is Mukhla.
In the Indian Round (Mixed Team), East Khasi Hills District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District won.
Shillong, March 12: The President of the Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie on Tuesday appointed Bah MH Kharkrang as the Spokesperson of the party for the term 2020-2
Government Committees come and go, months turn into years and years produce many more years but the Khar Metor are still illegally staying in Them Iew Mawlong.
He said that the ARPA was initially formed on the basis of three pillars, namely the UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM. Shillong, Jymmang 25: Officials of the Post Office, did not arrive today, he said, adding that this will strengthen the EC and the ARPA. They have decided to close down the Post Office of the NDSO in Jaiaw Pdeng.
to the Principals of Schools/Colleges.
Speaking as the chief guest, Giriraj Singh said, “There is a risk of food shortage in the coming years due to the increasing population in the country.
Churches are impartial and the attack is deeply concerning,” Bishop Jose said.
The session of the Congress session was adjourned for a few hours today, when the people went to enter the Congress session and the session resumed at 8 pm today. Vice President Mike Pence announced the resumption of the session of the House.
Thank you Thank you very much.
Ministers, Lyngdohs, Sordar Shnongs and the people of Langrin Hima have met with Bah PN Syiem, EM of the Elaka at KHADC on Tuesday.
The Syiem's ​​Police will inspect the market and it is the responsibility of the shopkeepers to follow the directions of the Health & Family Welfare Department that the public should stay away from each other, and to use the shops. masks, to cleanse themselves before entering the market.
The investigation was conducted by the Dy SP (Crime) Bah Vivek Syiem, who is currently the SP (City) of East Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The Shillong District Cricket Association (BCA) has won the state-level final of the Meghalaya U-23 Men's Cricket Tournament (U-23) on the first day of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. day.
Of course, they speak in their own language, and they also speak the Khasi (common language) so that we can understand each other.
The union also expressed its deep regret that the interviews were held on Sunday which is a holy day for Christians, but that they should be held on other days.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday protested against the application of Dr Natalie Jo-Anne Diengdoh for the post of teacher at NEHU.
Leaders of these three organizations, while talking to reporters, said that this incident has caused great sadness not only to the families of those involved in the disaster, but also to the families of the victims. and to the brothers and sisters in the land of Hynniewtrep.
“We demand ILP but it will be difficult, because many of the IAS officers working in the state are from the state so it will be difficult for them to understand and find the customs and traditions of our state,” said Saleng. He added that at present there is only one IAS officer from Garo Hills District.
When inquired, Prestone said the shortage of staff in the police department is up to 2000 thousand.
If you find that this is the case, you should avoid losing the dignity of knowledge.
The parties working with the MDA government (except the BJP) should explain to the people why they stand on the CAB otherwise the people will accuse them of being agents of the party. If the Rayja Sabha passes the CAB, the protests of the NGOs will intensify and if it is wrong, the NPP-led MDA government in Meghalaya will collapse. However, the days of its collapse are approaching even though its partners (parties) have decided to continue the triangle until the end of this term.
In connection with this incident, police said they had followed up and checked closely a ship arriving from South America on the morning of 19th November after a spy plane saw The fish were dropped from the ship into the water in parts of the Strait of Sicily and were prepared to be picked up and pulled back by the fishermen on the coast.
However, even after this, the traditional authorities such as the Hima are still fighting to demand coercion, so what is really not working here? : The Khasi Experience" he said that India has not yet received education from the French who ruled the indigenous people through the indigenous rulers themselves.
Therefore, a smoker who smokes in the presence of others who do not smoke, not only kills himself but also kills others whether it is his wife, children, or colleagues.
Most of the nutrients of plants are water.
This plant has an inflorescence similar to the plant, but its symbols are very small like those of the plants mentioned above.
A total of 701 people have been discharged from the hospital on Tuesday and the total number of recoveries has risen to 9,848 in Assam.
“At present, only the Congress is in the Opposition in KHADC. “At present, the discussions are ongoing on this issue and maybe tomorrow (at the beginning of the dorbar) we will be able to take a decision. " says the source.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Congress government's plan to implement the poor food distribution scheme in the state, which should start from this month, has not seen any signs so far. It is understood that the distribution department has not yet received sufficient figures on the number of heads of people across the state who should have received the foodgrains.
The number of cases of corona virus in India has risen rapidly in the past 24 hours with 97,894 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in India to 51 lakh.
The 2nd Ground is one of them.
“We have already faced many problems in many areas and all this is the failure of the State Government because it has no responsibility how to overcome these many problems even though we have gone a long way in getting our own state. 50 years in a row," he said.
“Investigations have found that there is nothing to suggest that government ministers are not involved in corruption and that the government is free from corruption,” he said.
The Part 2 of the Talent Identification Programme, which started on Thursday at Sohra, was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and the Sports Department of the State Government.
Besides, this industry has not yet recognized the system of issuing drug-free certificates to beekeepers.
The speakers will be at 10:30 am, Pastor Dr Watchy James, PC Wales, 1:30 pm, Pastor Dr RR Cunville, 6:30 pm, Pastor SP Dkhar. RF Kharkrang, Pastor of Nongsawlia Church.
He said that since 1863 there have been proper documents in the name and seal of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
The traffic jam started last night and continued today since 8 pm after small vehicles stopped to travel.
She completed her research under the supervision and guidance of Prof. AK Yadav (Department of Zoology) and Prof G. Bez (Department of Chemistry) on the topic “Studies on anthelmintic efficacy and potential toxicity of selected coumarin derivatives. ", and currently works as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Zoology, St. Edmund's College, Shillong.
“God is aware of everything you do.
Ma LD Suiam, Assistant Engineer Jowai Rural Distribution Division MePDCL while speaking on the theme “Our Endeavor Today is for a Better Tomorrow” of nature.
“It's not like we're going to be able to do anything else.
India on Tuesday supported the United Nations General Assembly's call on the war between Israel and Gaza to end the war in order to deliver aid and supplies. to the Palestinian population in Gaza.
In this regard, the village authorities should take action against such people so that the traders who are the owners of the land can increase their income.
The competition was held on 17th November at the SURE office, Jowai and was attended by the winners of the competitions held in Pynthor, Mukhap, Cham Cham and Khonglah.
On the other hand, he urged these youths to work hard to bring glory to the State and Shella Village in particular.
The residents have already paid their electricity bill to these common service centers along with a confirmed receipt of payment but the bill for payment of The electricity bill is still coming back from the MeECL office. In this regard, the residents who have experienced the disaster while talking to this reporter said that the bill has been returned from the MeECL office. The Bill for the same month from MeECL even after they have already paid to these common service centers has caused confusion among the people because according to the residents, MeECL has said that MeECL has not paid to these common service centres. They said that the MeECL office has no information on the existence of these centers and has no connection with these bill payment points.
“Bah Shadap said that the proposal of the State Government to increase the salary is based on the discussion with the Secretary to the Ministry of Education on the 9th July,
The FKS and the Chief Executive Members pray for the family of Bah Chester and that the Lord will bless the entire family.
Referring to the languages ​​spoken in the country, he said that the more languages, the better.
He said that the Union will work hard to provide explanations and awareness in order to eradicate such acts of violence against female students among teachers, teachers, Head of School, staff and others within the school.
“If in Assam the issue of border demarcation was brought to the Legislative Assembly but why in Meghalaya before the signing of the MoU and after the Regional Committees were appointed and the session came but it was not brought to the Legislative Assembly. Thawaiñ and the Prime Minister declined to discuss the matter.
“From the children's actions it makes me like that.
“The idea of ​​holding the festival came in 2004 and it was on this basis that it was decided to go ahead and hold the festival in 2007 with the participation of 104 male and female dancers.
The Dalai Lama has compared India to a United Nation that welcomes everyone into it.
However, I have worked hard and dedicated myself along with my parents who have always encouraged me and my family who have always helped me”, said Daïahunlang Nongrem.
The Resolution was passed by the Government through Letter No. PER 222/71/138 Date: 12th January 1972 to divide 40% of the Garo and 40% of the Khasi-Jaintia. you didn't take a census of the population at that time.
The Sein Kur Pale has established this branch in Umpawin village to look after the welfare of the members of the community, especially in terms of death and illness.
“No one knows whether the equipment has been moved or not because there is no information on this,” she said.
During his brief visit, the Minister of State for Child Development, Kiren Rijiju, praised the ability to hold the festival in a beautiful manner.
Khongthohrem said that at the end of the year meeting held on 30th July 2019, the women of the area were able to take part, but the Sordar and Secretary of Raid Rangnah came to take part without. They were invited and it was there that there was a stir on that day because they did not allow the women to take part in the Dorbar Shnong.
The Vice President of KSU Nongstoiñ Circle, said that no one has come to collect the forms yet and perhaps the reason why no one has come may be that they have not found the office. He also informed the residents of the area that those who wish to withdraw their names from the Aadhaar list are kindly requested to collect the forms from Mixarts shop near Canara Bank on Rambrai Nongstoin West Khasi Hills. District or contact numbers are 7422082065/8787413861/8259854556/8
The shops seized include the shop of Kong Ibakordor K. Jahrin, the shop of Bah Julius Phawa, but only the employee of Paulstar Basawiamoit and one shop without owners were found. After the arrest, the Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla, took the kyiad to the Iing Durbar and after this they decided to immediately throw away all the kyiad which they seized.
He urged the government to look into the matter so that the people can escape from the problems.
“The volunteerism of the community will not only help spread public awareness about TB but will also promote the cooperation of the community in the fight against stigma,” he said.
In this regard, contracts have been awarded to outsourced agencies to recruit thousands of workers across the villages at the GCPs.
What is the most important thing that we individually should do during the election? The first thing that we should do is to take part in the election of the Nongthawaiñ and Nongsynshar and to elect the responsibility.
“On the 16th July, we will increase the price of food items and all necessities which has made it difficult for the contractors to survive on the price we set in 2018,” said Kong Wanpynhun.
Because he said that as of now, the government has gone too far.
Let's not fight politics on this”.
The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Friday inaugurated the new school building of Tirot Singh Memorial Government Primary School, Nongkhlaw.
Amit Shah will be in Mizoram on his one-day visit to inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of development projects worth Rs 2414 crore.
Shillong, June 24: The Mawshynrut constituency has elected a candidate from the United States to contest against the incumbent MLA of Mawshynrut, Bah Witting Mawsor of the HSPDP. Savio Iawphniaw, who is known as Savio Iawphniaw, will contest from the UDP. Rupang today spoke face to face with the candidate to find out why he contested the election. Most of the talks were about the differences between the way of life in America and India, especially in our state.
Such a power of the state is still in paragraph 20 (b) of the Sixth Schedule which is in force in Assam and the UKJHADC and GHADC before the state had such a power, but Now, since the amendment of the Sixth Schedule in 1971, this power has been taken over by the Central Government, through the President in paragraph 20(A)(b).
On the other hand, the Pastor told about the character of Job who was a God fearing man, urged the believers that after life comes death and after death comes judgment.
We will not sit back and work hard in the next four years.
After a thorough discussion and a clear understanding at the meeting, the upgradation of PHC Jaraiñ to Sub-Divisional Hospital is unsustainable.
SK Faiaz scored in the 12th minute and Nikhil Kadam in the 22nd minute.
He said that the income of these foreigners has destroyed the state because they come to income in the state without receiving anything from the state government or from the state where they register their vehicles. .
¢Do not keep animals such as dogs, cows, goats, shynreh on electrical outlets.
Shillong: Uttarakhand have shown that they are still ahead of Meghalaya in cricket by beating Meghalaya by eight wickets on the fourth and fifth day of the Ranji Trophy plate group match. The final of the tournament was held in Dehradun.
Looking back at the match that was played before the semi final, the PFR had a match on the 5th of June in which the PFR managed to beat Global Football Club beat Global Football Club 2-0 in the quarter final of the ATPA Shield Football Tournament held in Jorhat.
“Remember Kirti Azad, our traditional dress is not something you can wear just because you have money to buy it but to wear it with pride like we wear you must have the dignity that is in accordance with our sacredness. traditional dress," he said.
They were welcomed by NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang and Sohiong MDC Sherbor Mawlong.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the JAC, Bah Ferdynald Kharkamni, said that the JAC will not accept the statements of the Minister of Taxation, James K. Kharkamni. Sangma said that the MDA government will repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act,
Regarding the face products, he said that Ponds is one of the companies that has many types of cosmetics including face wash, face products and others.
Kharang Sports Club's D.Kharsahnoh scored the first goal in the 41st minute.
The call for tenders will reportedly open soon and at least by next January.
In the second match, Sohiong SC beat Jongksha SC 2-0
Nongpoh: Leaders of Nongpoh Constituency including Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA and Bah Balajied Ranee MDC, in the presence of the health department and police, today visited the to explain to the people living in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam, how to understand and be vigilant regarding the prevention of the rapid spread of COVID-1
They have not implemented the soskular signed between the UPDS, but they have signed another soskular with seven other political parties to implement this issue.
HG Lyngdoh has been transferred from Shillong and appointed as Superintendent of Police, Nongstoin. Superintendent of Police, Nongstoin, Bah BJ Laloo has been transferred and appointed as the 2nd Commandant, SF-10 Shillong.
These are the times of the last days spoken of by Daniel the prophet.
Speaking at a meeting at Madan Kseh Bilat in Ryngshken, Bah Kurbah said, “Bah Samlin is still thinking that he will win this time.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: T.500 and T.1000 notes have been seized from tin boxes and from secret places hidden in the villages.
“We have requested her to do this and after that, an investigation will be conducted and if anyone does anything wrong, she will be punished severely,” he said.
Shillong: For the first time, the Indian National Congress (INC) has introduced a new system for the preparation of MP elections in the country including in the state. the public.
Others who attended included leaders from Nartiang village, students of MLCU and Sauramandala Foundation, Shillong.
In addition, there are also large and fertile lands which can be used as lyngkha farms and other purposes. These characteristics of the lands have affected the minds of the Sutnga chiefs. and the chiefs who came later to move the capital of the Sutnga Hima to Nartiang.
Regarding the cleanliness of the market, he said that he saw the pollution when he came today, for the sake of the health of the people, the Hima Mylliem should take care of the market. and likewise the people who use the market should be clean.
The people don't want to see or see again like the previous government but they want change”.
Through the explanation of these scientists and the approval of the WHO, it is clear that this disease is much more serious than we used to think or about 239 cases. Scientists have made it clear that the wearing of masks or covering of nose or head should be done indoors.
You're not a Sister.
Nongpoh: The driver of a gas tanker and the driver of the truck were killed in an accident on the NH-6 near Pahamrioh village, Ri Bhoi. he was seriously injured and is currently undergoing treatment.
We will take this decision at this dorbar soon,” said the Chief Minister.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA from Nongpoh and President of the Congress in Ri Bhoi, today explained to the media that there are about 13 cases of He said that no MLA from the Congress party has any intention of leaving the party by joining the Trinamool Congress.
In his speech, Modi also announced an investment of Rs 20 lakh crore, which is 10 percent of India's GDP.
Speaking to media, Process said that the incident in Mukroh has caused another problem in the state but it is pleasant to see that the situation is peaceful in Mukroh. the state was returning.
The Municipal takes about 4 million gallons of water from the PHE and distributes it to about 16,000 households under the Municipal.
The Vigilance Awareness Week was held from 30th March to 5th November this year.
“The CM said that at present, the urban areas in the state which have been classified under the smart town include Tura and Jowai.
To acquire knowledge as children, listen to the words of the elders whether in school, teachers, teachers.
Kamp was reportedly undergoing training at the Asian Age newspaper when he was editor of Akbar.
“At present, the Council has the authority only to record the land according to the notice issued by the state government,” said Bah Syiem.
“Look at the Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF), there are only the UDP and the NPP, while others don't want to join,” said Bah Dkhar without naming others, such as the HSPDP, independent MLAs who did not participate. According to Bah Dkhar, the weakness of the Opposition is not only because it does not have many MLAs but in discussing and raising the necessary issues, it is strong.
When asked whether they will meet with the DC, War said they will discuss the issue at the meeting on Saturday.
The earthquake also caused severe damage to the surrounding areas.
Uma Lakiang concluded by saying that the Sengbhalang will be responsible if there is any tragic incident in these days.
The three day tournament ended on 27th June at Teilang Phawa Dkhiah West and was inaugurated by the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College Dr. Phervision Nongtdu in the presence of DSO Stephanie M. Rapsang, leaders and members of EJHDA. , the Rangbah of the area and others.
The Cabinet meeting also arranged for the Government Ministers to unfurl the tricolor flag of India on the Independence Day on the 15th of July in different parts of the state.
At the same time, he said that if the leaders of other political parties say that the demarcation process is easy, he dares to say that the achievement of a full state has reached 50 years. However, they have not been able to resolve the issue and have turned the residents against the Assam police.
However, at present, in the MDA, there is no one who is better than these two, except perhaps in terms of wealth, because wealth is needed for the elections and, from For the MP election, it requires at least Rs 100 crore because the 1-Shillong PC is very large.
These two teams, Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District, will have to face each other for the title of the Meghalaya Games.
High calcium levels in the body can lead to the formation of kidney stones.
Guwahati, Naitung 3: The Adventure Sports Organization (ASO) will hold a trekking expedition to the Makashang Mountains in the coming days.
Deputy Commissioner of Goalpara Kharindra Choudhury was the chief guest at the function in the presence of senior officials from Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that on receiving this National Award, the honor goes to all those who have encouraged and supported him, including the school authorities, the Education Department of the State Government and the Government. As a teacher, he said that he still has the spirit to provide adequate services to the students so that the state and the country can continue to develop in the field of education. In this age of knowledge, without education, the future is dark for the youth of the state and the country as a whole.
He is a Riew Rangbah but you have seen that he cannot do much so I feel that the time has come to replace him.
Meghalaya has topped the list of states in the decline in anemia among women aged 15-49 years, according to the 5th National Family Health Survey (NFHS) conducted by the Union. Health Ministry in the year 2019-2
“The first goal is to look after the needs of the residents in the constituency and not only once in the elections but immediately to ask them, to listen to them,” she said. and we will always provide spiritual service so that they can meet their needs.
He said that the Seng will sit down to review the documents it has already received through the Right To Information (RTI) before taking a decision for the benefit of the people.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 28: The demand for new states has started to rise again in these days after the leaders of the National Federation of New States came together to attend the meeting held today. The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSC) held a meeting in Tura on the 29th of March.
Regarding the relationship between the man and the woman, it is said that they have been in a relationship for about five months, but regarding the murder, the reason is still unknown. investigation will continue.
“If it happens in these cases that people have misplaced them, they should take the time and search for them first and after they have found out that their phones are lost, they will report to the Government authorities of Namdapha National Park & ​​Tiger Reserve in the past few days have gone to demolish an illegal building erected and built in one place. It is located on the Miao-Vijaynagar road, Changlang district.
Also present on the occasion were the Parish Priest Fr. Laurence Nongkseh, Asst Parish Priest Fr. Festus Shadap, Fr. Barnes Mawrie and others.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of three units namely Mynriang Unit, Nonghali Unit and Diengpasoh Unit in collaboration with Diengpasoh Women's Organization and accompanied by the office bearers of KSU Mawryngkneng Circle on 29th October Diengpasoh PHC after the residents complained that the PHC is not adequate in the implementation of the PHC.
Three robbers were arrested from Goalpara area while another was arrested from Bongaigaon area.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : Ryntih SC beat Nangkiew Irat FC 2-0 in the SPL Premier League 2021-22 on Saturday at the Third Ground, Polo. , Shillong.
On the other hand, the chief guest also distributed prizes to the winners and runners-up.
The most valuable minerals are uranium, coal, coal, sillimanite, gold, even petrol.
The Diengduhlieh helps the blind to cross the road, get into cars to go to offices or hospitals and other public places.
“We have urged the fish importers to test the fish thoroughly and also from the government, we have ordered to test before releasing the fish,” said Bah Mitchell. the fish are playing chess too.
Many of those who have received this notice from the Income Tax Department, have expressed their surprise that the low paid should not pay this tax from their income but now this notice, has been received. They have received a reply from the Central Government Department.
He said that the incident happened last night after some people involved in smuggling were arrested by the BSF troops. “In retaliation, the troops fired four bullets in the air but not at the people.
He said that the inspection by the Assam government officials to the villages in the Langpih area shows that they do not respect the status quo agreed upon by the two governments.
At the time of writing, Wahiajer is in second place with 7 points, followed by Mukhla Raiij with 6 points, Moosalyngkat with 4 points and Chilliangraij with 3 points.
“You are suffering when you have a child who is sent to study and progress in his life, but he does so and upsets the young woman until it happens.
New Delhi: Senior Indian National Congress (INC) leader Mallikarjun Kharge, who is close to the Gandhi family, has been elected as the new president of the Indian National Congress (INC). The National Congress is one of the oldest political parties in India.
She said this while talking to reporters during an inspection of the Waste-to-Energy Plant in Tughlabad.
At the same time, Kong Pauline said that the victory of the Aroha Junior Choir in this tournament has encouraged many and congratulated those who took part in making them reach this tournament. and returned home.
For he himself shall be transformed into an angel of light.
The BJP, which is currently in power in the state and has been in power for a long time, will find it difficult to return to power as the people there have started to criticize the BJP government. Vasundhara is the king of Scindia.
Assam Police have entered Malang Huhapara to stop a construction site and have arrested several residents of Lalangkona Salbari.
Speaking to reporters after inspecting the work of the Market Complex, Bah Gavin said that the project has been funded by the Tribal Affairs Department of the Union Government at a cost of T. 4 crores.
Shillong: There have been 25 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
This scheme has reached crores of farmers, without any interference.
Referring to the match between the Pastors of Mawkyrwat Zone and the Government Employees of South West Khasi Hills District, it was a very exciting match as thousands of people from all over the country came. to witness and encourage them.
At the same time, the Cabinet also approved the establishment of the Directorate of Information Technology and Communications (DITC).
Besides, the decline in education is due to the fact that the leader and the government have not taken care of the schools that provide education and the union will investigate the truth.
The BJP has 98 seats, while the Shiv Sena has 62 seats; The NCP has 52 seats and the Congress has 39 seats in the 288-member Assembly.
It is a small pain and suffering that we will face as a people when we think of being temporarily quarantined, but on the other hand it will be a blessing and a benefit. Especially for those families of those who have returned to the state.
This decision-making is one of the most important parts and it also determines what will happen in the future.
Myanmar troops, yesterday, entered the Indian border at Moreh, where they rioted a village in Holenphai of Chandel District. , is because they are complaining about the construction of houses in some parts of the village.
Mizoram has granted temporary accommodation to about 34,000 Chinese refugees from Myanmar following the outbreak of armed conflict in Myanmar.
At the same time, Bah Embhah encouraged Kong Lyngdoh not to lose hope even though she has suffered in this tragic incident, but to accept what has happened and to have faith. which is sure that although many have been destroyed by the fire, the blessings from beyond are waiting because the Creator knows better the needs of spiritual beings.
To avoid CUET, Conrad has been working hard because he knows that the State University will prevent us from achieving higher education.
To remind the Home Minister of the statement of the party in the media that the party should show by its actions.
Another need is for this system, which will help the villages to avoid the spread of garbage and solid waste and also to avoid the pollution of the environment by the residents. On the other hand, DC Nongstoiñ Bah Garod LSN Dykes (IAS) has promised to take action on this issue and will write to the government in this regard.
Pynshngain Hinge scored the second goal for Nangbah Mooknor in the 40th minute and Poimidanial Thubru in the 54th minute.
The IPS officer was surprised and when asked, he said to one of the journalists, why are you against the two wheels.
Kashmiri Pandits who produced Motilal Nehru, Pandits Jawaharlal Nehru and India Gandhi.
Shillong, November 18: The KSU SWKH has held a meeting on the topic of “The 6th Schedule: The Foundation of the Nation” at Maharam Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
He hoped that this year too, the new Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, will turn his attention to Arm Wrestling especially for the athletes who have They are also among those who bring glory to our state, and through the support of the government, they as a union will receive assistance in the cost of work. They will represent the state at major sporting events in the country and abroad as well.
Shillong: The State Government today decided to introduce the amendment to the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) 2016 in the Budget Session starting today.
In the fourth round match between Wahiajer and Umjalisiaw, Wahiajer beat Umjalisiaw 8-0 goals, Pynkhreh Talang scored in the 4th minute, Gideon Mukhim in the 12th, 25th, 30th and 68th minutes, Heimonmi Dkhar in the 44th minute, Ruburom Jat in the 67th minute and Oliver Pale in the 67th minute. to 72.
I was also willing to leave the house if they didn't like you.
The gang shot another prison employee at the second gate and from there they managed to open the gate and reached the prison office.
As soon as the participation with the MLAs was discussed, the issue of T.25 lakh, which the government had already approved earlier (some of which had already been spent and some had not yet spent), came up. and now the MLAs cannot run if there is not enough money and we don't know whether there has been a discussion, but there should be a rule to allow them. T.25 lakh or if allowed T.50 lakh, to fight against this disease and this should be a priority issue in the coming days.
All the happiness they enjoy is only false happiness.
When it rains, when it is cold or when it is dry, the plants support and grow together.
The body of the deceased was taken to CH, Mawkyrwat for post-mortem.
The Minister also reminded that the struggle for the complete settlement of the border is due to these incidents of violence and also the problems faced by the people living on the border from time to time.
On the other hand, the General Secretary, Bah Roykupar Synrem, while talking to reporters, said that the implementation of this scheme has brought many benefits to the people, but the government has delayed. The union also demands that the minister should take action on this issue and the Meghalaya government should create VECs. ways and means to release the money at the right time.
Although the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, is still busy opening Community and Rural Development (C&RD) across the state, there are also blocks which do not have BDOs or others. who have to paint four blocks.
Speaking to media after the inauguration ceremony of the new office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC), Bah Robert June Kharjahrin said, “If the leaders of the political parties When asked, he said, “In my life, I am more attached to the Regional Parties and when we think of the Regional Parties, the UDP and the HSPDP are long standing political parties who have received the love and trust of the people and who have made a great contribution to the Bri u Hynniewtrep and the state as a whole.
In the Junior category, Pynwanroi Suting came first, Daekyrpangmitre Pyrngap came second and Leon Raymond Rymbai came third.
“Issues that are for the benefit of the people come to me, because I am the only MLA and in my small power I used to go alone to Delhi and because I am the BJP I used to you can also enter in peace.
Perhaps it may be difficult to set up a new hospital in Amlarem as it was in the past in 1996-97 and 2011-12 as the land in Amlarem itself is still under Court Cases.
These waste products from these parks cover the plants that grow and turn the surrounding areas into dew shrah where these valuable resources are located.
Speaking to reporters at his office after inspecting the newly built Legislative Assembly on Monday, he said that the new design IIT Roorkee and IIT Guwahati have not yet received approval from IIT Roorkee and IIT Guwahati and even the lyngkhot lyngkhai dewbilat, nar and other materials used to build this round house have not been completed yet to remove.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he has already spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam, Sarbananda Sonowal to meet soon to discuss the border between the two states.
This is further confirmed by the religious beliefs of the peoples who first formed the Ancestral North Indian Group.
The Father of the Indian Constitution, Dr. Ambedkar, 75 years ago, said, “If the state has the power, it should immediately implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC). throughout the country".
The encouragement of this Syiem to marry cleanly is a threat to the children of the Maharam Hima and not only to the Jaitbynriew as a whole.
Bah Intor Ranee, said that the party cannot help but express its regret over the closure of the hospital, as it is one of the health centers for dozens of villages in the area. region and especially those who come from low-income families.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: Police on Tuesday arrested a Bangladeshi suspect who entered a house in Jowai.
The strike will also affect banks from today, as the All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) and the Bank Employees Federation of India have launched a second strike. day after day.
Kennedy Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary of the department, who was the chief guest, said that the state buys 35,000 metric tonnes of rice from abroad annually. Pyleng said that we have to wait for other states to supply us, and many of the pigs have to be bought from Bihar.
The remains of the victims were recovered with the help of the Special Rescue Team (SRT).
All vehicles of officials, choirs and all those with Car Pass will park their vehicles at Lum Thangbru.
We are the luckiest generation to live in a century that has given us the opportunity to receive and witness the development and rapid advancement of knowledge that has reached the limits as someone said. now we have carried in our pockets all the necessities and to reach the whole world in a moment.
The Seng has arrested them and after investigation it was found that these foreigners came with the help of a foreign contractor working at NEIGRIHMS. Corona Center (CC) Covid Check Gate at Umling to check whether they are allowed to enter the state.
The 18-year-old boy from Nalgonda, Telangana, has been sitting on top of a big tree for 11 days, starting from 4th January
He said that traffic laws are very important due to the large number of vehicles in Shillong.
He said that this award ceremony is part of the efforts to encourage and motivate the students of the area to continue their studies and the areas covered by this unit are Mookhep, Wapungskur, Wapungshnong, Tuberkmai and Sohshrieh.
She recalled that during the lifetime of Maieit Hoping, when there were any members or leaders who opposed or left the party, he used to invite them to speak out. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate, but those who oppose it will get their reward and will fall in their struggle,” said Badarity Lyngdoh Nonglait.
The court has heard a complaint filed by Leader of the Opposition in the State Assembly and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Leader Suvendu Adhikari seeking an inquiry by the National Investigation Agency. (NIA) in connection with the incident in West Bengal.
Samla Arles Rymbai, has passed away more than a year ago, but his songs are still ringing in the ears of millions of fans.
Meanwhile, SBI Collect will be for the payment of college fees, school fees, hospital fees and others.
On the other hand, Bah Cores Marweiñ as Coach expressed his gratitude to Samla Daniel for winning the medal. goal, and congratulated them for continuing to play and train well for the next matches.
He said that sports also brings love, relationship and growth among the people in the society.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong 17: On Saturday night, strong cold weather and strong winds have struck many villages in West Khasi Hills, causing severe damage to houses and crops. grave.
According to a source sent by Bah HS Marweiñ, Secretary of the Blang U Blei U Ba Im, to reach the village where the service will be held, you have to pass through the Nongstoiñ road. Shillong and when you reach Umlieh you have to pass through Tyllang Nongriat road and when you reach Tyllang village you have to turn to the road on the right which is only about 5 km away.
Ambulances, MeECL employees, fire trucks, hospital visitors, milk donors, journalists and others who are unavoidable, such as life and death, will be allowed on this day.
Jawan has also been dubbed into Tamil and Telegu.
The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the price of SKOil has been changed and the new price has been implemented from 1st June. Jowai at T.40.75 per liter (S.K.OIL AGENCY PRICE, JOWAI T.35.40, S.K.Oil Sub-Agency, Transportation Charges T.2.00 Per Liter Godown/Labour Charges T.185 Per Liter.
At the same time, he urged the poor and unemployed not to lack food and drink, and that the Dorbar Shnong will work hard to ensure that all the households have access to food and drink with the help of each other. him alone.
The customers who need this bank are not only the residents of Umkiang, but also other residents from Ratacherra, Dona Skur, and Huroi, Lejri, Borsara, Kuliang and Pyrtakuna. They spend days / time to go to the bank but when they arrive they are surprised and worried because they have been waiting for the answer from the bank.
of Meghalaya, Law Department.
A day after Tripura police seized Brown Sugar worth T.10 crore, police on 22nd July arrested 10 men and seized Ganja. T.4.50 lakh was seized from Churaibari on the Assam-Tripura border.
“We are in the NDA because the BJP has not introduced the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 in the Rajya Sabha,” he said.
The meeting is scheduled to be held on the 26th of October.
Shillong: Regarding the misleading of the people on tika, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there have been some leaders who have come forward to criticize tika and those who have not encouraged but as elected leaders we have a responsibility to ensure that our people are safe and as members of the House we have already investigated. and the whole world has done a thorough research on tika and according to the findings it has been found that tika really helps the souls of people.
Shillong: Sujay K Benon, 26, of 12th Mile Ampher, Subhash Chakraborty, 12th Mile Ampher, was arrested at 11:00 pm on Tuesday. K Sangma S/o (L) Alek A. Marak were fishing in the Umtrew River, Lum Nongrim, Byrnihat and while fishing in the river they drowned.
All those who have been in contact with those who have been infected are requested to come forward and inform that they have been in contact with those who have been infected, so that they can take the necessary action and if they have any contact with those who have been infected. They can call 108 so that the government can provide the necessary assistance.
According to information received by Rupang, the KHADC receives more than T.14 crore per annum from the state government every year. T.14 crore and some have exceeded this amount.
Shillong, July 28: U Chief Whip of the Opposition Sangma has urged the State Government to take immediate action on the increase in the price of commodities in the State.
Pool-G, Tpep Pale, Panaliar, Saiñdur Mihmyntdu and Chutwakhu.
Seven persons have been arrested by the police in connection with the incident and police are conducting investigation.
MSMEs have been promoted under various schemes to promote self-employment.
Nangbah Iawmusiang beat Mukhla Evergreen 1-0 in the first division football tournament organized by the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
On 6th June 2020, the price of petrol was T.71.26 per litre, while diesel was T.69.39 per litre. The price of diesel is T.18.28 per liter and diesel is T.18.78 per liter in Delhi.
Mawtawar opened the scoring through Elnathan in the 7th minute to score 10 goals in the first half.
He urged them to continue their efforts to join the army while there is still time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynïaid said that the new amendment to the Administrative of Elaka Act has almost become an Inner Line Permit. The Dorbar Shnongs have been empowered to monitor the entry of foreigners.
Besides, the government has also talked to restaurants to reduce the price of food by up to 50 percent in the city and the establishment of up to 25 street food shops.
Three Congress MDCs have resigned from the party this month to protest against the MPCC's decision to suspend for three years the current CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Furthermore, there is another hostel nearby, which may be run by the Unitarian Church.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
She said that the NPP-led Government has been able to get the best decision from the Supreme Court which guarantees the rights of the indigenous people on the ownership of land and natural resources. license has been extended to 17 persons.
Warjri said that the national parties which have ruled the state for many years have destroyed the state by being involved in corruption.
NSWP members are located around the world in Africa, Asia and the Pacific, Europe, Latin America and North America as well as in the Caribbean.
At the meeting, the Secretary of the Ranikor Area Farmers Association (RAFA), Bah Kyrmen K.Ryja, reminded that the association together with the farmers have already lodged a complaint with the government authorities, namely, the Wildlife Department and the Deputy Commissioner. but until now they have promised to take action only in words while they have not done anything.
New Delhi: The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 2.57 crore with 2.76 lakh new cases reported in the past 24 hours.
In this incident, many people lost their lives.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) today submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. Mark Andrew Challam, MCS in your office.
Donbaklang Marweiñ Assistant Organizing Secretary HNYM WKHD, who is also one of the prominent Khasi herbalists, said that the family is a low income family. In the area, he took the responsibility to provide free treatment to the child, free of charge and from that day onwards he tried to take him to his health center for treatment.
One of the youths of Kriangrin, Bah Aloysius Khardewsaw, who lives in Kriangrin, which is only 5 kilometers from Siangra, said that the road has been deteriorating. He received information about their problem and went to check and found that the road was badly damaged.
Myntri Rangbah Duh stressed on the need to inform women and girls about their rights and protections under the new laws.
KA SNGI PYNSIN : – The day of SIANG is the day of completion of religious activities.
The cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs, Seng Samla Shnongs and Women's Associations has helped the Police Department to curb crime and incidents in different parts of Shillong.
Heavy rainfall and strong winds have caused heavy landslides along the road and damaged many houses in Khatarshnong area, Sohra Civil Sub Division East Khasi Hills. Hills since Monday night, one of the villagers said that the landslide has caused a heavy traffic jam for three days.
After six months of loss of transformer, Mukhaialong village has received a new one with electricity thanks to the initiative of H Iakai, Assistant Executive Engineer (Distribution), MEeCL Sutnga and Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla.
According to the Directorate General of Health Services in Bangladesh, 1,006 people have died from dengue out of 2,00,000 cases. within this country.
You don't have a patta for one place but you don't have a village land.
Speaking on the statement by the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma at the Film Festival in the state that the government will work with the filmmakers, Bah Shangpliang said. said , “We urge the Prime Minister to turn his words into action".
He said the only way left is the closure and implementation of the Joint Venture.
This is not my personal opinion but the basis of the Executive Committee.
“This is the first time in Meghalaya that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will take part in the Road Show and I urge the people especially those in Shillong to come and listen to the road show. Speech by Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” said Ernest.
The date of distribution will be announced later.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Pyllun of Maitdeiñ Iongkynshur on 23rd July 2019, has given its full support to the incumbent MDC Rio Sten. years of service to the people, he will contest again in
The driver of the truck (WB 23 E 5691) was identified as Sonathan Kormokai and the driver was identified as Tapash Roy.
He said the government is now fighting to rescue the people buried in the crematorium although it understands that the water from the crematorium is acidic or may be bih.
The CBI has launched a thorough investigation into the incident.
Jowai, Nailur 14: Leaders of KSU Narpuh Circle under the leadership of Samla P. Mukhim as President and Samla S. Pynkhlong as General Secretary today met with the DM&HO, East Jaintia Hills District, The union has found that there are many shortcomings in the Lumshnong PHC and strongly requests the DM&HO to provide the necessities of this PHC for the convenience of the people. residents of this area.
“This tournament has returned with a vision for taking football to another level.
May the God of peace bless you who read this short message.
He was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
And it shall come to pass at that time, that there shall be a great shaking in Israel.
Coming said that the State does not have a shortage of fuel and added that the people should not worry because the Government is taking action on the threat of NEPMU. He said that the Government has spoken to all the Deputies. Commissioners (DCs) of the Districts to ensure that the delivery of petrol vehicles will run smoothly without any interruption.
This year, in the midst of the challenge of Covid-19, the Rotary Club of Jowai, as part of the celebration of Shiksha Sammam, has decided to honor Dr. Rihunki Jones Toi, Principal of Jaintia Higher Secondary School, Jowai. from the teachers who have devoted their time to the training and development of the children and also to run the school which is a center of education and training for the children from different villages of the District.
He also suggested that the BSF and Police should take action to crack down on the smugglers especially the Dkhars by checking them especially in places like Dawki and Muktapur, as there are many Bangladeshi smugglers. They are often the ones who have the intention to rob, steal and also steal the property of the villagers by working and also in the trade of inheritance.
The goal is to eradicate poverty and provide adequate income to all citizens of the world.
The meeting elected the office bearers of the Resubelpara Block Youth Congress Committee. and Keny Sangma, Organizing Secretary Babut G Momin, Accountant Twatyan Momin, Treasurer Bonkam Arengh, Games & Sports Cultural Secretary Chanang Mara, Social Media Co-ordinator Sundeep N.Marak, Advisers Rinaldo K Sangma MDC and Sofic Marak.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, was also present at the meeting and had the opportunity to deliver a speech.
For more information please call TSL Events Jowai on +9
“In order that the struggle will not be only in the newspapers, we invite all the people, especially the village headmen, chiefs, sirdars and political parties and all those who care about the nation to attend the meeting. KHNAM Working President Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the meeting will be held on the 13th of June in Nongstoin to discuss the issue.
Jackquiline Lyngdoh and Elizabeth Marten were elected as the Managers of the Women's Basketball Team.
The people who will be included in the NRC must also have sufficient documents to prove their citizenship.
Kenedick S. Marak said that the wife of Boston Marak has already lodged a complaint against the NPP MDCs regarding the disappearance of Boston Marak inside the Araimile Beat House.
A man who came to work in this area has died while sleeping near a stream.
The government has appointed the post of DMC, West Jaintia Hills to one of the Associate Professors of the college. “This double job has affected the teaching methods and the students of the college,” said a prominent official of the college. you District.
The Seng also requests the relevant authorities to provide relief measures as soon as possible, so that they can repair what has been lost as soon as possible.
Two longkmie of the Kur who have reached their 80th birthday were also honoured. On the same day, the students of the Kur who attended the ceremony were also honoured. You have passed the examination.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Marius Nongsiej, President HYC Mawpait Tlongpleng Unit followed by a short speech by the Minister of the Village, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh. the issues of hygiene, the damage caused by alcoholism and the effects of child marriage.
The mother of the girl, Kong Pynshailang Syiemlieh, has requested her daughter to return home as her relatives and friends are waiting for her to return home.
"In the course of time and in order for the Church to survive, the Church has put in writing its origins and teachings: "From the beginning, in 1736, to 1801 The Welsh Presbyterians they just walk like that without any writing to show the nature, or the teachings, or the rules of conduct...in the year 1801 the first rules of discipleship were written and published...but the teachings were not collected or the Confession of Faith of the Church at that time.
“It doesn't mean that all those who come from outside the state have the disease but we need to check them carefully and check the symptoms by treating ourselves first or taking advantage of the Government's treatment,” he said.
“I don't want to sit at the Secretariat if the government doesn't listen to the voice of the people of Raid Nongtung in this second demarcation, to include all the Khasi villages in Meghalaya, as the Prime Minister said. Assam and Meghalaya have recently discussed to start the demarcation of six border areas including Block II,” said Bah B Sohtun.
In East Khasi Hills District, 106 cases have been confirmed including 41 cases from the Armed Forces, 16 cases from the BSF, 3 cases from the CRPF, 11 cases from Khliehiew and In Motphran, 13 cases were tested from Anjalee, 5 cases from Khyndai Lad, one case from RP Chest Hospital, 5 cases from Ganesh Das Hospital. Ribbon.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he works at Greenwood Resort in Guwahati, but lives in Khanapara, Meghalaya.
Similarly, the farmers who had to walk from one side to the other of the Umsi River also had no road because the bridge they were building was washed away by the water on that day.
U Bah DD Lapang, Chief Secretary to the Government will be the chief guest.
At the same time, to strictly investigate the enemies who burn forests, hills and rivers and punish them according to the rules of environmental destruction so that this wrong and evil behavior can be curbed and also to serve as a warning to the rich for the common benefit of mankind and all living creatures in this present and future generations.
On the other hand, the HSPDP leaders said that the party has not lost hope even if it has only two MLAs elected by the people and they hope that in this election 2023 they will be able to produce many MLAs. MLAs and if they come to power they will be able to fulfill the goals of the HSPDP party which thinks specifically of its own people.
Earlier, the KSA had held a National Seminar on 'Khasi Language, Literature and Culture' in Delhi.
There have been false reports in the media that those involved with the BJP have done these things and that this will spread and affect all Christians in the country if Modi comes. in power.
KHNAM President Pyndapbor Saiborn today said that the party still supports Bah Pynshngain and has not yet discussed anything to withdraw its support. The UDP has sought clarification from the CEM on many issues and alleged mismanagement of the work of the Council.
In addition, they work 12, 15, or 18 hours a day.
The KSU has also met with the DC of SWKH, Kong R. Lyngdoh to discuss the matter and to punish these policemen.
Jemino Mawthoh was accompanied by Prestone Tynsong, Senior Leader of the NPP, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Leader of the PDF and many other MLAs, MDCs and leaders of these parties. Speaking to reporters, Bah Jemino Mawthoh said that the UDP has nothing to do with the BJP, although they are in coalition with the MDA government. “The Congress has nothing to say about the MDA government, so they have a relationship with the BJP,” said Bah Mawthoh.
However, there are young men who have married a woman and married her even at a young age, perhaps even under 21 years of age (according to the Government law for a man to marry). ), but because he had married and married, they reached the rank of Rangbah and were called Rangbah.
These clinics are for the residents and poor families, free of charge.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Congress MLAs from Garo Hills have strongly condemned the Prime Minister's remarks against the women's organizations in Garo Hills who called Mukul Sangma “Dr. another Cheap Mini-star".
Metallica managed to reach 141 runs before all 10 were bowled out in 17.4 overs.
Prestone said the Government is looking into the areas such as Khyndai Lad, the road from Hotel Assembly to City Hut to Nan Polok, Quinton Road to Courtyard by Marriott. Security will be strengthened and lighting and beautification will be provided so that it will be a safety for the pedestrians.
The allocation of funds for the State as a whole is 90 per cent from the Central Government, 10 per cent from the State Government, and 75 per cent from the Central Government and 25 per cent from the State Government.
He said that one of the achievements of the MDA-II Government is the involvement of youth in the CM Elevate programme.
MLAs Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi Constituency, George Lyngdoh MLA Umroi Constituency and Fantin Lakadong MDC Malki-Laitumkhrah were also present at the welcome ceremony.
He said that in 2007 at the time of the opening of Dadenggre Puri Higher Secondary School, he had announced to the people that he would set up a college in Dadenggre. He has visited the flood victims in Dadenggre area after the collapse of the bridge to allocate special funds for the construction of the bridge in the area, but no sign has been seen so far.
The Board employees said that the government should create another system if it really intends to implement the VRS for the employees because the VRS which was implemented since 40 years ago for the employees of MTC, no longer fits this. you for now.
The union will continue to monitor and monitor the situation and warns that if it finds that drivers or associations violate the law or take advantage, it will punish severely, the statement concluded.
In Mylliem Block, the BDO recently distributed Work Orders to 123 beneficiary households.
We as the people are sad and sorry to see such activities that damage the environment.
He added: “That there are many Khasi in his kingdom: That the fathers are Khasi and the mothers are non-Khasi.
On the other hand, he said that only after these elections there will be another good meeting followed by a joint inspection keeping in mind the welfare of the people.
Nongpluh has won the MDC election from Mawkhar constituency.
As the world changes in the age of enlightenment and knowledge, there are also people who have become increasingly corrupt, who are a deterioration of the image of the family and society.
Because this Nongbaw is in the area, it is protected from the falls of the mountains and the earthquakes.
Shillong, July 10: NPP MLA James K Sangma on Tuesday alleged that the government has been biased in the recruitment of nurses in the state.
Police, who conducted investigation, found that these three persons had eaten a clean tit and it is believed that they had picked it from a nearby forest.
The permission and silence of the state government, these offices of the central government to do whatever they want and oppress us in the field of employment.
Krieshon RapthapThe article that stirred my mind and inspired me to write this article, is the heading: “What will KHADC do to the Khasi who give their jait in English? .
The focus will be on increasing Government expenditure and private income through trade, tourism, agriculture and others”.
Shillong Lajong will have to play away against one of the biggest clubs in the city in the fight for the I-League qualification this season. Delhi, Delhi Football Club today 11th June.
The candidates are Collector Khongdup from Pynursla, Bigest Stone Lyngdoh from Pynter and KS Jeffrey Khonglam from Pynter.
The media shall not campaign for any candidate or political party.
Shillong, March 12: The news of the sudden death of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala of the Diocese of Shillong in a car accident in Colusa County, California, USA has brought shock to the Catholic community.
After this match, they will return home and want to give their best in tomorrow's match,” said Langsning assistant coach Bah Dapmon Tariang.
The DC East Jaintia Hills has given three hours to buy food items from 10 AM-1 pm today. They praised the DC and urged him to improve this initiative by opening it. many shops for the benefit of the people who come from the villages.
Mairang, Lber 6: The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, VA Hynniewta, on Tuesday said that the victim of the incident which happened on the evening of the 2nd of this month at the DC office, Mairang, has been identified.
On the other hand, Bah Bormanding Nonglang President of the District Congress Committee, urged the NBCC leaders to work hard from the bottom of their hearts and hoped that the party will reap the fruits of victory this year. I don't want to be in this constituency.
In this regard, the TMC has alleged that the BJP has tried to talk to the people and destroy peace and order, especially after the raid by the ED team at the residence. of Shahjahan in the month of July.
Bah Staising Kharbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools, Mawkyrwat, as one of the resource persons, explained how the Constitution of the country was drafted through the Constituent Assembly and our rights as citizens. empowered by the Constitution.
Anyone who violates this shall be subject to penalties in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
The Minister said that the elderly who can benefit from this scheme are those who have reached the age of 60 years for men, 58 years for women and their income should not exceed Rs 36,000 per annum. to have an EPIC, while divorced women must be still supporting their children because of the death of their husband, run away or divorced, and not be remarried. .
Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber and Dai Mynsngad won the 3rd Division Football Tournament for the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association.
“I myself have explained and the people have understood through the volunteers we have appointed and only these can take their documents because it cannot be taken openly by anyone because it is not It is on this that Bah Mawrie wants to clarify because he is afraid that people will fall into trouble and the problem may be money.
Shillong: Mylliem MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh today lodged a complaint in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) that a Minister of Mylliem Hima has refused to issue a certificate to the Rangbah Shnong of Umsaw Village in Mylliem Constituency. “I would like to bring to the House that Umsaw Village in Mylliem Constituency has elected a Rangbah Shnong but when I went to get a certificate, a Minister of the Hima Mylliem lodged an FIR saying, 'You cannot provide documents that have not been filed.
They also said that this maintenance of the road is also a public demonstration of the solidarity between the members of the party and those who are ready to share the burden of the people and the maintenance. This road will make it easier for the people to travel and as of now this road has affected the people in their travel.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MLA, former teacher, one of the pioneers of the Seng Samla Shnong, in my opinion, I find him to be the best among these candidates. 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
On receiving the complaint, the police conducted an investigation to track down the suspect and found that she was in Sohryngkham. one house in Sohryngkham.
Therefore, we should not law law or laplah as it is not ours to continue.
These Arab countries have their own allies who hate Israel in the Farther North, including Russia.
The farmers are afraid to go to work under the signboard and the road is very bad.
The BSF has also informed the Umkiang Police Station and the SP Khliehriat office regarding the incident.
He said that the central government did not intend to celebrate Good Friday but it happened suddenly because Good Friday does not fall on the same day from year to year.
The four were traveling from Mumbai by train, the report said.
It should be understood that in the rural areas, the elders learn from the hard work of their parents in the fields and not from anything else, but if they themselves are shy or don't want to work anymore, it will put them in great danger.
The PDF has not wanted to prolong the leadership position within the opposition party but has agreed that the leadership position will be resolved only two times. Pynshngain N Syiem, Chairman of the PDF and Bah PT Sawkmie, Leader of the PDF.
Speaking after the meeting, Bah Lapang said that the District Councils have been given time until November to submit their comments on the Bill. committee will call back to talk to them.
The Symbud Shongknor of the party, Bah Apol Mawñiuh, spoke about the clean marriage of the Hynniewtrep people, which means the Khasi women and foreigners. Clean marriage has increased significantly from 1988 to
“We also know how to introduce a law that will not affect tourism.
Three others were injured, including a policeman.
He said that since the introduction of coke, even the crops have been affected and there is no more soh.
They collected taxes and established trade.
It is said that this is not the first time for him to commit such a crime and to attack his loved ones when he is angry and wants to get away from them.
Besides this film, Kangana will also be seen in other new films which will be released this year and some will be released by next year.
Nongpoh, Nailur 11: The Governor of Assam, Prof. Jagdish Mukhi, on Saturday, while attending the awarding ceremony of the students of Don Boco University, Sonapiur, Guwahati, said that we are the students of Don Boco University, Sonapiur, Guwahati. encouragers and motivators for the future generation of young people to take action to rise to higher levels in various fields of their education.
The AICC chief came to Shillong to announce the Bharay Jodo Nyay Yatra led by former President Rahul Gandhi, which will start in Manipur.
“However, as things stand now, it is clear that the revision of the Reservation Policy may be slow, and the struggle for the further implementation of the Roster System is necessary for the benefit and welfare of the youth. “The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah in a statement on Tuesday.
Bible scholars further explain that the Jews believed that Heaven was God's dwelling place and that people could not go there even after death, but went to a place called the Shoel in Hebrew and shoel is not a permanent dwelling place.
To our righteousness, to our righteousness – to our righteousness – this is the desire to blaspheme God.
Besides the BLA, the gang demanded money in the name of the Kamatapur Liberation Organization (KLO).
The Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State, in the presence of the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, has awarded the honours. Special tribute to the sportsmen of the state on the occasion of the National Sports Day at the JN Stadium Polo Shillong.
The sale of tobacco is prohibited under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, for 10 years for the safety of the public.
The incident happened on the 13th and the EJH police have searched for him at all the hospitals including NEIGRIMS. he was very sick, but they did not find him.
Referring to the Meghalaya Superstar title, Janis said that the role he played in the competition was as a singer and the songs he sang were 'Mei mariang' , 'Khulom Donbor', Come On Every Body' and 'Para Ba Duk' which he sang in the Grand Finale.
Shillong, November 15: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the State Government should provide immediate protection to the residents of Umsaw-Lumdorbar, due to the use of force by the Assam Police.
People were afraid.
East Khasi Hills District has the highest number of constituencies with 17 constituencies and the turnout was 79.28%.
BJP West Bengal President Dilip Ghosh today criticized the Trinamool party for saying that at a public meeting in Haldia district today, they came to eat. Trinamool members, who attended the meeting, served a specially prepared meal to the BJP members.
The date of the service will be announced later, said a statement from WS Marbaniang, Secretary, Women's Service, Church of God, Meghalaya & Assam.
The suspect confessed that he had taken the gold from a woman at a shop in Ïewduh, Shillong.
However, it is surprising why the authorities have not been able to send any assistance to rebuild this school.
It was launched on 7.11.2018 at the residence of Kong Hospitality Lamin, Malki Shillong by Prof. Henry Lamin, Pro-Vice Chancellor, North Eastern Hills University, Shillong.
After a while, Rymbai tried to play hard, but couldn't turn the tide and at the same time managed to prevent Rangdajied from scoring again until the end of the 45 minutes.
At the same time, the Elaka wishes you a happy and prosperous New Year so that this year will be a year of blessings and happiness for the country and the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa. Ma Ngaitlang Shylla, General Secretary, Lakadong District, East Jaintia Hills.
A few minutes before 4 pm, about 15 leaders and members of the party arrived in front of the CS's office but were informed that he was not inside the office and was attending another meeting.
Why do the other members of the EC just listen or shut up, if they don't want to tell the truth, it's better for them to resign to avoid being accused but it's useless to talk about it.
But the victory will be for the whole nation, whether they support it or not.
The company has not yet decided to take over the construction of the road as it is still studying its survey.
This is not the first time, but almost every year before the rainy season, the villagers have to sit in darkness for days and months.
On the other hand, the Mawlai Village Leaders said that to prevent any incident of violence, the elders and women have left their homes for two days to patrol in their villages. that thou mayest dwell in peace.
Madrid, the city with the highest number of deaths from the coronavirus, has raised half the flag of the country today in condolence to those who have died. die.
Jowai, Nailur 06: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 has been held today. The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) held a tournament on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
On the part of the office bearers of the Association, Bah Banbhabok L.Nongrang President and Bah Afterson Wanniang Secretary Royal Gym Maram Muscle, they said that the Association has organized such a tournament for the first time. Mawkyrwat area so that the youth of Mawkyrwat area will know that there are such games , and it will also be a for example, others who are not yet known within the village in Mawkyrwat.
Kejriwal complained that the EVMs were not working properly at Kizhakke Nalpathu near Cherthala and it was found that the votes that had already been cast went to the BJP.
On the other hand, non-government candidates will have to sit for both the screening and written test scheduled for the 10th of July.
The fiesta was organized by the NorthEast Students' Organization, Jalandhar (NESOJ) in collaboration with MBD Neopolis, Jalandhar.
Shillong, Lber 22 :The Congress MLA from Umsning Constituency, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that to accept that roads are the source of development is not appropriate in Meghalaya. Therefore, the people should not lose their shyieng or shruh or lose their growth.
This training is part of the project “Scheme on Promotion and Strengthening of Black Pottery at Tyrshang and Larnai villages, West Jaintia Hills District, which will start from 15th to 28th July, There were 76 earthworkers from Larnai.
According to the residents, this road which is only 3 km from the colorful road was built during the tenure of MLA Martle N Mukhim but after his defeat, it has stopped without any don't watch.
We must not desire evil, but we must desire it.
The UN General Assembly (UN General Assembly) has not agreed to work towards the goal, so the elites will convene another general assembly to be held this month. September 18-19, 2023 in New York.
On the same day, Sangma distributed checks worth Rs 10 lakh to 15 CMCs of West Jaintia District.
Live long Bah Ardent and long live V.P.PEducation Minister step down from your chair immediately.17.
Side effects of excessive consumption of green tea: Increased acidity.
If you have any complaint regarding the lack of ration or the price of ration, you can immediately lodge a complaint with the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Civil Sub-Division by giving your name. , the village to punish those who violate the law.
The State Government through the Deputy Secretary has directed all the Deputy Commissioners of various Districts and SDOs of Civil Sub Divisions to be vigilant and to prepare relief teams in case of any disaster. public in natural force.
Shillong, November 12 : Crematoriums from all over the world who came to Meghalaya from 6th November to 1st November 2022 have discovered another crematorium which is 90 feet tall. India called the Rynjang Crematorium (Ret Dung Khur) in East Jaintia Hills because this year the crematorium has been completed and the depth has increased from 11558 m to 16,328m.
Furthermore, as part of expressing its strong opposition to the government's plan to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills, the party has also distributed leaflets prepared by the party's media to the people in East Jaintia Hills. Khliehriat to explain to the people how the railway line will affect the area and the state as a whole.
For this purpose, please contact us by calling or Whatsapp on the following mobile phone numbers: 9612095234/7
“How or from which constituency it will start, I have not received any explanation on this,” he said.
The Khasi and Jaintia Rangbah Shnongs have expressed their opposition to the government's plan to pass a law on Rangbah Shnongs and want it to be left to the district council to pass the law.
He said that there should be the cooperation of all government departments to make the people aware not to be afraid of any assistance from the Government through the Health Department, in order to achieve success in this mission.
Speaking to media, u Bah Tynsong said that at the inspection meeting held today, it was decided to allow the opening of places of worship from the 16th. moon.
In recent years, the Minister said, Meghalaya has made progress and has reached 41.5% water supply.
Indeed, the past is the new, so the present and the future cannot stand without it.
Regarding this, Daniel said that the union will go to check the documents of foreigners working in the state under the Inter State Workmen Migrant Regulation Act, which has been passed. changed in 2011.
Mawkyrwat: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Friday visited various offices in the Sawsymper Circle, South East Khasi Border Circle and South Eastern Zone. in Mawsynram, C&RD Block.
Shillong, Nailur 11 : Laitdiengsai SC and Mawpynieng Rasong FC have won the Mawkynrew Cup 2022-23 tournament organized by the Mawkynrew Cup Committee.
She said that it is the responsibility of the village to take action to maintain and maintain the house, as it is necessary for the people to have a parking lot.
Good things will happen on this island," Ampareen added.
I firmly believe that no one can interfere with the powers and authority of the district councils because they will function as they have in the past until now”.
She wants to play more games whether she plays against men or women, we are very happy.
The objective of this soskukar is to jointly create opportunities to train, provide training, and hold competitions to develop MSMEs across 75 districts. measures to make certain parts of the districts export hubs as outlined in the Foreign Trade Policy.
They cut down the branches of the tree, and threw them into the snur; and whosoever eateth of them shall die: and when he breaketh them, they shall become worms" (Is 59:4-5).
Those countries mentioned in the Bible are Jordan, Sudan, Syria, Egypt, the United Arab League, and all those in the Middle East who do not want to see the growth and development of Israel. .
In the first leg of the 2023 Kharkongor Memorial Trophy, Wahiajer beat Moosalyngkat 2-1
When Tangmar saw that his kynum had fallen into two pieces, he cried and said, “Ah kynum, I don't know that you are hiding inside the khra.
He said that as seen in the media, the insults, allegations, insults from outside, in fact the Government if it has responsibility and love for the residents and peace should have taken action. and to prevent any unrest in the State and in the country as a whole.
Rupang spoke to the Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, DBS Mukhim.
They were already in quarantine facilities and did not show any signs of infection.
The government authorities in Dehradun have sealed the residence of the minister and it is reported that in the past few days, several people from Delhi have met him. minister in your house.
New Delhi: The Union Minister in charge of Defense and Cooperation, Amit Shah, today said that the Modi government is committed to having illegal entry border areas.
Those who attended the ceremony included JSM Secretary Roitre Dkhar, Joint General Secretary Pilarstone Phawa, Education Secretary Boyme Myrphet, Shnalad Rymbai President JSM-ER and others.
The directive also includes para (vii) and the Computer Section will be directed to take care of this task.
He said that the registration of players will be exactly as written in the form and this year the federation has decided regarding the teams playing in the Shillong Premier League that there will be no registration. The last time the federation allowed teams to play before they play the second leg where five more players will be allowed to play in the 1st leg where clubs can bring players from inter-district, from other states and even foreign players as well through loans.
They said that whatever they find during the inspection, they will send a report to Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Minister of the state and especially for the implementation of many development projects. to that land, that those who dwell in that land may live in peace and quietness.
A team of doctors, magistrates and police came to conduct a post mortem on the body.
When asked whether there are any MLAs who will join the party before the Assembly elections, Charles said the door of the party is open whether they are MLAs, MDCs or others. rangbah to join the organization.
Meghalaya bowler Akash Kumar Choudhary, who scored 4/79 in the first innings, took 4/52 points in 20 overs to bring his total points to 8/1 Lerry Sangma (2/8 in 2 overs) and Swarjeet Das (2/49 in 12 overs) took four wickets for Mizoram.
He said that the State now needs the unity and cooperation of all political parties.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam, said that three persons from Guwahati are in quarantine at Sarusajai, two from Mumbai and one from Bihar.
Dr BDR Tiwari, said that as people living in the age of the internet, it is also our duty to exchange ideas and ways of life with others who have different cultures and ways of life to get closer. to expand our relationship and to expand our minds.
Recalling the Government's call on the soskular on the border, he said that the Government has not called for talks but has just read that it has already been completed.
Informing that there is a fund with the Government to improve these mining areas, the Minister said, “So, this is the work that we want to start and we have already talked to many agencies but now with CMPDI which is the most experienced agency on this issue and the Government of India agency which is experienced in all areas”.
Williamson Sangma, Purno A. Sangma and others.
It shall be found equally under the leaves; that is, to the side that is not sunny and draws the water of the leaf from the stem of the leaf.
Many of the laws have now been translated into Hindi so that we from these North Eastern regions cannot understand these laws.
He said that if the public uses these musari properly, there is no doubt that malaria will be eradicated immediately in West Khasi Hills, as these musari have been destroyed. in a medicine which the scales of the pyrjong cannot stick to.
At this meeting, the farmers were explained about how to register, the benefits under the scheme, how to report in case of natural disasters so that they can get their insurance and so on.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the state government will temporarily close six entry and exit gates across the state from 23rd to 31st November. November 2020.
At the time of writing, the number of the bus and how many people were injured or killed are unknown.
Shillong: There have been 275 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today.
Imphal: The newly opened Khongsang Railway station in Manipur has been used by criminals to transport ammunition and bullets to areas of the state. The Indigenous Tribal Leaders Forum, on Tuesday, said that the protest will be held on Tuesday.
The reason why the Government has launched this Mission is because the Government wants to promote the pig farming industry and which is also part of the encouragement to those youngsters who have the skills. intend to stand on their own feet.
Shouldn't teachers who are only employees obey the orders of the authorities? To answer this question, it is necessary to go back to the origin of this shyngkhan khait.
“If the central government asks me to speak, I will speak on this,” Biplab said.
The top two teams will qualify for the I-League.
Amit Shah also laid the foundation stone of the Multi-Facility Convention and Exhibition Center at the North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC) in Umiam.
Laitlyngkot is situated on the high road which is made across the hills from Cherrapunjee to Assaloo via Joowaie Poonjee, and it is about 25 miles from the center of the Jyntea Hills, from whence supplies might be drawn without difficulty, at a moderate.
It was also decided that if the salaries of the salaries of the employees are not paid on 14th November, the strike will be on 15th November
In an interview with the district authorities, he said that they have issued an order ban ban the shooting of birds.
Wonderful Nongrum was confirmed at a meeting held at the Pomlum Wahrew office under the leadership of JS Khongwir.
We should try to raise funds for this because we are sure it will work.
At the same time, it cannot be said that women in Bri Hynniewtrep are criticized and condemned at will.
On the opening day, Madan Mawkhar FC beat Mawsiatkhnam FC 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
These vehicles were also found with registration numbers and number plates.
“I want to come with you but I have an urgent matter,” said the other, who was taller and stem snieh doh.
I will not talk too much about the order of the Court, but let me promise the House that our Police are fully prepared to curb these incidents in Meghalaya”.
This action of the MSPCB has prevented the people from participating in this public opinion, because it has not informed the media.
Ederson was replaced by Stefan Ortega, who failed to save Dejan Kulusevski and Son Heung-min.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, said that the district authorities have taken action after receiving complaints from many people regarding the increase in prices of commodities especially piat. They also visited many places where the food and beverages of the people have been hidden.
He said that if Sohiong rises, the state will rise.
They said that when they went to meet the MDC of Umroi, he refused, saying that it is not his duty to interfere in the affairs of the village.
The owners of the houses also expressed the suspicion that the robbers involved in the theft of these tires may be drug addicts.
He said that the union has met with the prime minister, where they have expressed their opposition to the decision to take over the land from the state government. , or the form
Research confirms that other strenuous activities and mental stress can increase the risk of heart disease or heart attack.
Short speeches were delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Larnai, Koyas Kharbihthai, DK Warangpih and Tymmenbasan S Laloo who expressed their gratitude to the MDC for helping the village.
It is a shame to say that the advances in science are increasingly polluting the environment in which we humans live.
could you please send me the contact number and address of Dr.Boss.
I am sorry that this school will be lost at that time and I have fought to stop it from being taken away”.
This type of plant can be obtained all year round and can also be used to decorate rooms especially the bedroom.
Speaking on the occasion, Lamphrang Kharbani said that as HANM, they cannot just listen, it is the duty of the BSF to look after the entry of Bangladeshis into India.
The Waheh Shnong said that dozens of Karbis carried sticks, threw stones and shot at the Saitsama Out Post Police who were patrolling in Lapangap.
The more people who came to show their support, the more they could see that the flag had to be raised even higher than it was on Tuesday.
After they have done this, they have to explain those things.
Shillong: Due to the increasing number of cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills District, the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order to Under Section 144 CrPC and Regulation 3 of the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases, COVID-19 Regulations, 2020, the government has declared a night curfew in East Khasi Hills District from 21st November 28th November 2020 from 9 pm to 5 pm every day.
Then the statue of Tirot Singh at Mairang was built by the Hima Nongkhlaw.
“Of course we are against those who violate the law but we are good friends with those who respect the law,” said the SP while congratulating the children of the orphanage on their special day.
Samakha explained and congratulated the government officials from L.Syiemlieh Sub Divisional School Education Officer West Khasi Hills, to the officers of the Directorate and the Central Government, which has allocated Rs 10 crore. lakh through the Rashtriya Madhamik Shiksha Abhiyan, for the construction of a new school which will be commissioned soon.
Go to Markensa in Eastern West Khasi Hills and you will find a beautiful guitar, which comes from the perfect talent of Bah Markynsai Diengdoh.
More than 50 prominent doctors attended the meeting today on the issue of launching the PA Sangma International Medical College and Hospital.
It is alleged that when the tanker drivers deny the charges against them, the police torture them, investigate and arrest them.
The District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 has been launched by the District Sports Officer (DSO) Ribhoi District on 9th June. The match was played at the NSCA Stadium, Pahamsysiem.
“The training will be in accordance with the rules laid down by the All India Football Federation.
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has launched the Jeevan Raksha Padak Series of Award 2022 to reward those brave heroes who have saved lives from drowning, accidents and violence. fire, electricity shortage, earthquake, attack by animals, earthquake and so on.
On the other hand, the JSU sends its best wishes to all the people of Behdein Khlam and wishes them all the blessings of Tre Kirot Kynrad in the field of health. , employment, education and welfare in the society as a whole.
These bridges are very important not only for the people, but also for the BSF troops to patrol the border with Bangladesh.
Therefore, it is necessary for education leaders, policy experts and workplace experienced people to work together to brainstorm and develop a framework.
The number of recoveries has risen to
Under – 16 Age Group should not be born before 30-11-2006 or after 29-11-2008 and Under – 18 should not be born before 30-11-2004 or after 29-11-2 , school leaders and officials will be held on the 26th June at 11 am at the office of DSO, Jowai.
It's time to go to st.
However, the match ended after the injury of key players like William Saliba.
Ma Denis, 49, received 7,800 votes in his first election in 2009, when he contested as an independent candidate and this time, he is a member of the party. The BJP leader, however, has left the party after applying for ticket, while the party has felt that it will not give him ticket at all and that is why he has left the party. from this organization, in the past few days.
According to the report, those who register in the churches can only register after receiving the registration certificate.
If we compare these customs and traditions of the Khasi (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War) and the Garo, we will see that this is very different even though both the Khasi and the Garo are of the same race. sha you mother.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident to identify the perpetrators.
At Lion Mission Compound, the distribution started at 8 pm.
Colossians 1:16.
Bah Disprasing is pleased to say that after a thorough research and hard work on his part, perhaps all these things will be revealed, because in the RTI he requested from this department of the government, it will be revealed. through the correction list, which shall be clearly indicated from the date of the first joining report, in addition to the regularization and confirmation. He has already requested and is waiting for the report from the department.
The above are just a few of the issues that have been discussed here. If you want to know more about this, you can read more about the booklet Haba Im Ka Ktien, Im Ka Jaitbynriew by KAS. was published publicly.
Shillong, June 17: Mathew G. Momin, 38, Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the LAEF, Ravan Sangma, 28, and four others have been arrested. Four members of the union have surrendered to the police today at Daina Dubi, North Garo Hills.
Zechariah 14:4.
Of course, Jesus did not come to abolish the Law and the Prophets.
The UDP, after receiving the report from various leaders, will meet again with the HSPDP leaders under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) soon.
He also gave an example that this year's drought is an example of water shortage in the coming years.
This special scheme is the Maternal Child Health Hospital at Panaliar, Jowai which was inaugurated on 3rd November
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 147, with 10 new cases reported so far.
Shillong, Naitung 27 : The National Health Mission (NHM) in Meghalaya has spent Rs 550 crore in the fight against COVID-19 in the two years of 2020 and
The Ministry has set a target for all States and Union Territories to identify beneficiaries and release the loan.
All friends who have purchased Lucky Draw tickets are kindly requested to wait until that date and at
The final of the season was held on the 4th of October at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
This was announced by Bah E.Khongsar, President of the party.
At a meeting held on 19/6/19 at Warmawsaw PHC, the staff of Warmawsaw PHC unanimously condemned the news issued on 10th June 2019 by the president of Warmawsaw PHC. The HYC Ribhoi Sepngi, according to the staff of the phc, said that this report is unfounded as all the patients are treated by medical officers.
-Mawphor August 1,
East Khasi Hills has 88 new cases and the total number of cases so far has risen to 2,820 and the death toll has risen to 1,2
Once the phase-2 STAR Talent Identification Program is completed, Ian Campbell, Olympian and his team will submit a detailed report on the results which will be sent to the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the Department of Sports. and Youth Affairs, of the State Government and it is expected that more and more young men and women will emerge who have the ability to meet the benchmarks at the international level.
On the same day, Ms Ampareen also launched two vehicles at the office of Agriculture Upper Shillong as a sign to transport soh niamtra.
I don't know if it should fight against the minority of us Khasi – Jaintia and Garo or Minority – in language, in dress, in religion, freedom of worship and others that affect us minorities.
However, if the government has paid for the vehicle, they should be refunded.
Before the end of the first half, Mawlai FC had defended themselves from the opponent's turn and thus Mawlai FC couldn't think of the opponent's turning ball when Maining. Star Marngar scored the first goal for Khlieh Mawlieh in the last minute of the first half in the 45+1 minutes.
He said that he has seen, whether it is in questions, motions, zero hour notice and others, witnessed the raising and answering of the same issues which waste time.
In the second leg, Lumbhahdakha beat Pammanik 2-0, Sumarmiki Suting in the 38th minute and Pynkhreh Talang in the 66th minute.
On the allegations that the smuggling of cows from the market to Bangladesh , the Minister of Finance of Mylliem Hima MB Kharlukhi said that the Hima has no knowledge of the smuggling of cattle from the market. “This is the market, we don't investigate the seller or the buyer and they use “How can the cow they buy or take away?” said Minister Kharlukhi.
Shillong: Several vehicles carrying agricultural products from Ri Bhoi district have been seized by police at Mawiongrim today.
percent of school children in China aged 16 to 18 have blindness, while 14.5 percent of seven-year-olds have blindness. .
The prize money on the 11th will be 10,000 tyngka for the winners and 5000 tyngka for the runners up. The entrance fee on this day will be 500 tyngka.
The EJNC has commended the school authorities and teachers who have struggled to provide and distribute online education to the children, but the problem faced by the parents is that they have to provide laptops. mobile phones are not available on the internet.
He also remembered the heroes of the state like Tirot Sing Syiem, Kiang Nangbah, Pa Togan Nengminja who gave their lives to fight against the army for independence.
According to the order, government departments such as Police, Public Works Department, Electricity Department, MeECL, Water Resources, Block Development Officers' Offices, Health Department (Health), Civil Defence, Fire and Emergency, NHAI, dewbilat factories and others should be vigilant and ready to meet the needs at any time.
Although these teams have scored six points from two matches, Lumparing took the lead in Group-B by a goal difference against Mawlai.
Shrimwell Marwein, 75, of Kynshi Mawria, Shillong, was admitted to Supercare Hospital, Shillong on 07-05-2021. He died on 23-05-2
When Tangmar couldn't find the Tongsoh, he ran away and threw away the tar.
“We accept these gifts as a New Year gift from the MLA,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
He said that he is fortunate to be able to take part in this occasion as the Syiem of the Hima which is still holding the sad ka sanon and maintaining the religion and customs, with the thanksgiving. ,the music, the dance, the dance, that this part of the kingdom which is the hand and foot of the kingdom, is stronger to preserve what the ancients have left to preserve, the heritage that has been passed away. The past, the inheritances that are still there and the inheritances that will come, our children and grandchildren in the days to come as it has been preserved by the ancients.
Anyone who violates the provisions of sub-section (1) shall be punished by imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years, or a fine, or both.
The Disciplinary Committee (DC) of the All India Football Federation (AIFF) has punished several players for violating the football rules.
This training has been conducted in other places in the area in previous years such as Nongtalang, Amlarem, Nongbareh and Darang.
Today, a meeting of the party leaders was held for the upcoming elections.
It has been a challenge to issue birth certificates to get EPIC,” said Pynthymmaibor.
“Although the earthquake has occurred since the 16th, the stones and earth blocking the road to Mawpud village have not been removed yet and this has caused problems to the people especially in terms of transportation of food items. and also to go to health centres,” said Macdonald.
Lonely Planet is the world's most popular tourist guide owned by an American company run by billionaire Brad Kelley after being bought in 2013 from BBC Worldwide for US$7 million.
Earlier, Ampareen, who is also the MLA of the constituency, had clarified that her husband is not a dummy candidate.
He will be the giver, the strength, the supporter, the disciple, the teacher, the encourager of his children, grandchildren and his family and also the longkur longjait.
The year 2014 was not a good year for the Congress, as there were many struggles, in which the top leader of the Congress, Bah DD Lapang, left for Delhi. to meet Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi to demand the resignation of Mukul Sangma;  However, the opposition has begun to cool down since last November, when Mukul and Bah Lapang have begun to understand each other again.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: The Jaintia Network of Positive People (AIDS) Shillong today organized a program on HIV/AIDS. AIDS conference was held at MCSWA Hall, Jowai.
According to sources, the vehicle was on its way to Kolkata from Assam.
Besides, the group will also discuss other ways and means to improve and enrich the community.
This Flagship Program funded by the Central Government has brought about many development projects in the rural areas.
The training camp started in May in Srinagar and more than 50 athletes were selected from five zones across the country.
This song was recorded by Hocky Kharthangmaw and beautiful life art page.
Therefore, with the help of Most Rev. Vincent Kympat, DD Bishop of Jowai Diocese, in June, 2010 he was sent to Parish Jowai so that he could study computer. Course at Bosco Pnar Technical School.
Regarding the border crossing by the army in Lawsohtun Block 4, the union urged the Deputy Commissioner to take immediate action to remove the barriers on the road as this road does not belong to them. He said that the union also urges that the sign that it is a military base should be removed because the land is owned by the PWD department. “The DC has promised to take action on this issue and to direct the relevant departments to take the necessary action,” he added.
The campaign was launched on Dussera for the people of the North East (6 States) as a sign of fighting against evil.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U DP leader Bindo M Lanong, while talking to Rupang, today said, “If coal mining is banned, why not mining”.
The PAC said it also wants to know the names of the officers involved in the release of the money to the land owners . It is confirmed that only 6 people have been robbed of their land but these 6 people have not yet received their land as compensation.
Officials said the government's justification that the solar project has been suspended is merely a misrepresentation as the L-G has never suspended the project.
“The DC has allowed us to hold a protest at this place,” said Bah Jyrwa.
On the part of Bah PT Sawkmie, Adviser, Bah H. Kharkongor, President of UDP Mawlai Circle, Bah T. Kharkongor, Secretary and other office bearers of the party expressed their gratitude to the young women of UDP Mawlai Circle. The state will have the opportunity to participate in the BCCI tournament to be held in Gujarat.
The Pineapple Processing Unit and Stockyard were constructed under the Provision to Article 275 (1) of the Constitution of India for the year 2020-21 at a cost of about Rs 70 lakh. The unit was handed over to the Committee of the village under the leadership of the Iasnohktilang Village Organization which includes about 10 SHGs.
Khan is 81 years old.
“I am shocked and hurt when I go up and down and many of the people complain about the backwardness of Mawhati Constituency in all aspects from economic development, education and others without naming. “It is necessary to create new and bring about changes in the constituency for the future of the youth,” said Bah Makdoh.
Another method of making fertilizer he explained is 'Bokashi' fertilizer, a Japanese method of making fertilizer which uses kitchen waste.
Why does MeECL pay so much for vehicles like Maruti Swift which costs about Rs 6 lakh instead of buying it once by the Corporation for use? This will appear as an asset on your balance sheet.
The Minister of State for Child Development, Government of India, will attend the special Pnar festival as the chief guest, according to a source from the village authorities.
On the demand of the Nongkhlaw Hima, he promised to correct the name of Tirot Singh Syiemlieh.
He said that even during the two years of the corona virus pandemic, as an MLA of the area, he has not rested but has done his job by developing the development projects through the MLA Scheme. the people in agreement with the village authorities because at that time it was not allowed to hold such public meetings.
However, he said that a meeting was held last night to discuss these issues and promised that such issues will not happen again.
The National Curriculum Framework will soon be introduced under the NEP. The framework for children between 3 and 8 years of age has been prepared.
I LOVE THE HEART OF THE GOOD, AND I LOVE THE GOOD"“.
There are about 50 households and more than 400 people in the village.
