The match is scheduled to be between Juventus and Napoli.
On the other hand, Mr. P.Muksor said that he was encouraged by the presence of Madam C.Lyngdoh and also by the parents of the children who came to take part in this event. day.
Shillong, November 5: The shop of Lippiya Lyngdoh Nonglait in Mawiong Umjapung Block C has collapsed at 4 pm this morning.
Nongpoh, July 02: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District has declared a public holiday on the 4th of this month.
On receiving the information, police investigated the case and finally found her in Khalpara-Siliguri, West Bengal.
The event was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Joram Beda and other officials. Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla.
He said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District is very sorry that the state government has been too stingy to release the material money and what is the benefit of sending for the implementation of development works? without releasing the money they have to purchase the equipment for the implementation of this scheme.
John 1:1-2.
New Delhi: Jiophone Next will be priced at T.6,499 each this Diwali, which will be free of charge. Jio and Google have issued a statement saying that the phone has been purchased for 10 years.
“Regarding the reservation policy, we have seen that 11 LDA posts have been announced in the media, 9 are for Garo and 4 are for Khasi.
He said that this scheme will provide modern training and equipment to Vishwakarma's colleagues.
Mawkyrwat, 'Naitung, 21: It is interesting to know and see that the people of today have preserved and revived the art of siatkhnam which is one of the colorful sports of u This happened at one of the villages in Nongnah, Mawengdeng under Ranikor C&RD Block.
There are also cases where the Rogingyas and those who have fled from one place to another have quickly fallen victim to this shrip.
He said that the letter was sent to the NEC which sent it back to the state government and the state government sent it to the KHADC for a reply. the Department of Commerce.
Israeli troops have deployed their tanks, weapons and tens of thousands of troops, ready to attack Hamas militants in a field battle.
The injured include the driver of the vehicle, Pherlin Lamare of Mooluber and three other occupants of the vehicle, Nishalan Marang, Khlurkari Rymbai of Mooluber and Darson Inty of Umkhyrmi, Assam. affair.
“As school children, when we have an education, we should have a goal, determination, hard work and self-discipline”, said Jessica Marweiñ.
When asked whether he will contest how the contest will be when he meets with the Prime Minister, he said, “I don't know whether I will contest or not but if I contest I will not count anyone and I will “I don't care, the candidate is the candidate,” he replied.
As part of the celebration of Charles' welcome as the new King of the UK, the Australian Government has donated $10K to the new King. long to advise Charles to take action to protect the tuta in this country which are beginning to disappear.
Richard said the BJP may be surprised that there have been many miss calls but it does not know that one person has not held only one mobile.
This change has spilled all the fuel on the road and led to heavy traffic jam on the Shillong-Jowai road.
Whether it is the adequacy of transportation, roads, health facilities, workplaces and schools.
Speaking to reporters on Monday, 5th November 2021, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said, “The DGP has been affected by the Covid-19 cases today"
Laurentia Pohrmen, wife of Bah E.Jitem, mother of Elizabeth Pohrmen, Margareth Pohrmen and wife of Mary Pohrmen, resident of Wahdienglieng, Lower Risa Colony, Shillong, passed away on 15th March 2020 at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong. Funeral service at the Catholic Church, Laitumkhrah at 2:00 pm.
He also urged to provide ration to all those who have ration cards to alleviate the financial burden of all.
The lack of participation of Sordar Shnongs, Rangbah Shnongs, land owners, KHADC and JHADC in the Regional Committees is regrettable,” he said.
Three other trucks were seized on the 22nd and 23rd of this month.
WKHD, Nongstoin for his joining the HNLC, by being willing to leave his job and his family.
The couple reportedly lived together after the girl arrived in France from Bosnia-Herzegovina two years ago.
On the other hand, he said that the preparation of the Education Policy has almost been completed except for some changes due to the introduction of the Right to Education (RTE).
He strongly criticized former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and Education Minister Lahkmen Rymbui who were members of the group that accompanied former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during the They signed the Land Boundary Agreement on 6.9.2011 because they did not look after the boundary of the state.
The Lumparing Sports Club has organized the U17 Knockout Football Tournament for children under 17 years old. The tournament was held on the 30th November 2022 at the Lumparing Indoor Hall and LSC Ground, Shillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the BDO said that out of the amount of T.17,53,003, the Secretary VEC Pdengshakap has been able to return T.709,000/-. Khmihlang Surong said that he misused the money alone and no one was involved.
However, we have closed down the house and warned all the owners of houses in Nongstoiñ market not to allow klumar without knowing who the house is.
Therefore, as intellectuals and sons who have responsibility for the country, let us think far for the future of the country so that it will not be a threat to our future generations and as patriots, let us Let us do something for the country and the nation so that we can get the freedom which is our birth right in our own country.
Head of March 9: Mr. Damewanhi.
It is prohibited to wear the Daju Uniform to a person who is not the registered owner. , and shall not charge too much from the people along with other rules which the Hima Mylliem has informed the Daju Iewduh.
He said that the presence of entry and exit gates in East Jaintia Hills can arrest people who come to smuggle from Bangladesh into the state.
Compared to the situation at this time, and 10 years ago, it is different because now, the insurgency/armed activities have decreased.
The issuance of licenses to people to drink alcohol should be based on their income and income, in order to prevent those low-income households from avoiding family problems.
It was inaugurated on 7th November, 1972 in Shillong and will celebrate its 50th anniversary in November
However, it has to be accepted that it is a factual finding or report.
Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said that the state has been able to receive more than Rs 20,000 crore for various needs including national highways, health, education, infrastructure. drinking water, electricity and agriculture among other things.
The second prize went to the East Jaintia Hills District Karate Association.
He and Vanshaj won each other especially in the 2nd and 3rd rounds but the judges were able to decide the winner for Thapa.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya on Monday denied the claim of Bernard N Marak that there is an order from the government to search his farm house. he tried to turn this into politics.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today supported the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, who will deliver his Opening Speech to the Budget Session in Hindi on the 16th of June.
He said that all electricity generation projects have been included in the new Power Policy.
Customize: In the Khasi Dorbar, women have now been held Dorbars in many villages and places, including men without tmaiñ.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 4,413 and the death toll has risen to
It is learned that if the BSF troops had not found these suspects, they would have planned to kill him, said Francis. of the left leg was injured.
Jowai, July 23: U Dr. HH Mohrmen, the candidate for the 2023 election from Jowai Constituency today announced that he has joined the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC). It is a growing National Party in the country and has principles in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
After discussing in the Ing Dorbar the recommendations of the Advisory Committee, the Bill was sent to the Government, which received the assent of the Governor in -rew, it is enough to make it a perfect law.
“The ministers didn't agree but the election was held by force. When did you hear that the Iawrod clan will be the Syiem? We want the election to be held according to the customs and traditions,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
It is true that although there are many young people who have started to turn to this field, but the interesting thing is that the position in this field is empty or unfilled, but it is eager to have who are such young people.
Prestone recalled that in the recent by-election in Mawphlang, there was a fierce handshake between them, whether it was from Kennedy, Samlin Malngiang and himself. now they have come together in one place.
The Tura Parliamentary seat is currently led by NPP MP Agatha K Sangma. She said that the Congress has a good advantage in Garo Hills. I have worked hard, and I have nothing.
The Dorbar also announced that this decision will come into force from 1st September 2019 and from that date onwards the market will be known as a “No Pastic Zone” under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 and Plastic Waste. Management Rules, 2016.
It is to be recalled that even the police of Saitsama Outpost who were patrolling in Lapangap village on 26th July had to flee to safe places to escape from being shot by birds.
The title was won on Tuesday after beating Ri Bhoi United 10-0 in the final which was witnessed by thousands of spectators. final.
The Shad Pastieh means that the Ryngkaw, after performing the ritual in the kñia ka khriam called the kñia Ryngkaw, if it shows a good sign that it is good, then they will perform this shad pastieh. They shad with a sword and a spear, and after that they went down to their own fields to sow the seed.
Banteidor said they will set up a committee to consider why these two persons did not attend the meeting.
He said the Catholic Church has set up St. Xavier's College to improve education in the area.
I don't know if you are religious or not but we will pray for your purity of heart.
He said that in this area, there has never been any violence but the people are peaceful even though there is a border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
In another sense, this valley of broken bones refers to the time when the children of Israel were taken captive to Babylon from 598 to 586 BCE witness also the wickedness of the rulers of Babylon.
On that next day, the words of Niakha, which had revealed many things, entered Rida's heart.
The decision was taken to investigate through PJN Hanaman, Acting Chairperson of the MHRC. The government department said that this is an act of God/force majeure, as it was a day of heavy rainfall and storm. the pyrthat is very strong.
It is time to allow the UDP to rule in our own state,” he said.
He said that the sale of electricity should be cheaper and at a subsidized rate to the people, but it cannot just help the factories.
Since assuming office as Prime Minister, Modi has become one of the country's top rulers to earn a reputation as a man free from corruption, a man of development and a man of snar shows you.
Precious Tang scored in the 13th and 14th minutes, Manhok Suchiang in the 66th and 67th minutes and Sooki Papiah in the 74th minute.
Shillong: Dr Aman War, DHS(MI), on Tuesday said that there is a hepatitis-19 vaccine in the country. B All the people want the Hepatitis-B vaccine and after receiving the vaccine everyone wants to give it.
“I'm afraid that women don't listen like us Rangbah,” said the father. “They say that and it's true, but there are one or two longkmie who are jar jar,” said the mother. children.
Therefore, the people of Raij want the election to go smoothly without any opposition. If the case of Wilas Pale and JHADC is not resolved, the people hope that the election Doloi will go smoothly. The Elaka will soon get a full-time Dolloi after the loss of the Dolloi of the Elaka, Ma (L) L.Snieh for more than a year.
Amazon India has expanded its consumer awareness campaign through Mission GraHAQ for the North Eastern States as part of its efforts to educate and empower consumers about shopping from online marketplaces and help bring trust and security to consumers shopping through the Digital Marketplace.
To support the marketing of fermented organic fertilizers (FOM)/Liquid FOM/Phosphate Rich Organic Manure (PROM) produced as by-products of Biogas Plants/Compressed Bio Gas (CBG) Plants opened 1500 per metric tonnes under the Gobardhan scheme as part of the MDA scheme.
Lajong have introduced Amon Lepcha to the 11-man squad after his return to the squad.
Most of the refugees have been in Mizoram since the beginning of the conflict.
Now it is up to the Government how to conduct the peace talks in a proper manner when the HNLC leaders have agreed to send their leaders to India with a spirit of innocence. you always want the conversation to be fruitful.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The MeECL has released the list of 772 candidates who have passed the examination for the post of Jugali, after a delay. more than five years.
However, in Shillong, Doh Masi has been unavailable since 7th July,
"“We have directed the DGP of Meghalaya Police to inspect these areas and submit a report on the disputed areas in Block 2 and the government will submit the second list on this. part,” said Conrad.
The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, whose Executive Body is the Dorbar Shnong, shall consist of all the Officer Bearers of the Dorbar Shnong, not less than 6 or Up to 12 of these three members should be women to carry out these development projects.
Speaking at the opening session of the Budget Session today, the Governor said that peace and order is the top priority of the government and the struggle to eradicate corruption to bring about economic development. steady.
Meanwhile , the Sordar of Lenpdeng Shnong said that after they lodged a complaint against the plan to hold the Mela , the DC has sent magistrates to investigate because of the misunderstanding over the boundary , and after the Magistrate 's inspection on the 8th of July , the organizers of the Mela had collected the tar and suddenly on the 29th of July the tar was brought back to Sohiong , and on the 5th the Fair was commenced.
Shillong: An MLP 3rd Battalion policeman, Rinaldi Manner, has been shot in the neck and neck.
According to the organizers of the tournament, this is the first time for the player to be suspended in the current IPL season. The Code of Conduct of the tournament relates to over-rate offences, and the fine has been imposed on the captain of Rs 1 lakh.
He also promised to bring funds to the village through the corpus fund especially for the rural villages, to provide assistance to the villages in need of assistance whether it is at the time of death or other disasters. need.
He said he has already informed the Chief Minister to take action to talk to the Assam government and at the same time he has directed the SP and DC of Ri Bhoi to send magistrates. The DC of Kamrup has promised to rebuild the signboard at Maikhuli and has directed the district authorities to rebuild the signboard at the BDO Umling office. confirmed the ownership of the land in Maikhuli.
He said that even the police chiefs were surprised when they heard about the incident, because of the quickness of the police chiefs who were involved in the incident to use force against the child who was still inside the police station. 18 years old.
Seven of the easier areas have been resolved in the first phase and now there are seven more boundary settlements in the more difficult areas in the second phase.
JOWAI: Two shops including a rice shop and a tea shop near the SBI Branch Phramer, West Jaintia Hills District have been destroyed by a fire this morning.
Shillong, Nailur, 22: The State Government has already implemented more than Rs 2500 crore under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) scheme. ) in the state, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong.
There are those who grow jhur, there are those who grow soh, there are those who grow kba, there are those who grow khaw and so on.
On the same day, Pilot also attended a meeting of Congress candidate Bah JA Lyngdoh at Khyndai Lad to seek the support of the residents of North Shillong Constituency.
"Are we free? We are fighting and celebrating the independence of the country (India and Hynniewtrep) from the rule of the foreigners.
At such a time, it is not seen that a private person will die if he does not get coal.
Bah S.Nongbri, one of the village leaders in West Khasi Hills, said, “We know that the central government has set a target that all villages, whether urban or rural, should have adequate water supply. haman and each household.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan Warjri while talking to reporters after the meeting.
The work of AEEE here is supported by the Barefoot Trust, an organization working in Meghalaya in the fields of disability, education and sustainability.
In this regard, it was not possible to reveal the truth because the pylla has been too large and if the pansara is still sufficient, there is no complaint.
Let us ask, how can we prove that the Hynniewtrep people are the longtrai of this land of the Laiphew Syiems and Khatar Doloi if the names of places are the names of other peoples.
There were also many shootings of Khasi at Nongmensong, Rilbong, 4th Furlong and elsewhere.
Their permission came after the lifting of the ban on the players of the two countries in
The worst affected areas are 8mer, 9mer to Khanapara in Ribhoi district and Guwahati Assam.
The tournament was held at the Mawlasnai Football Association to pay tribute to (L) EK Mawlong as the leader of the state. the contributions he has made for the welfare, development of the region and the state as a whole.
On the other hand, the MR urged the MLA of North Shillong to withdraw the resolution, as this issue is urgent, but the MLA of North Shillong denied this and demanded that it should be withdrawn. to send to the Select Committee for discussion.
Such a government is an anti-democracy government.
“He has really been able to fight tough matches and this could have been a World Championship or an All England-level field.
It is better to lose ten or two years of knowledge than to lose thousands and tens of thousands of lives in the state.
Speaking to reporters at his residence opposite the office of the SP East Khasi Hills, Mohendro Rapsang said that hundreds of new faces have come to meet him. and to support him in the 2018 MLA elections.
In a statement, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, praised the poet Soso Than for preserving the Khasi language and especially for his poems, which are a vision of the past and a strong advice to to preserve the larity and identity of the Hynniewtrep people.
He said many BJP workers were injured and blocked.
At 9.30 pm, the Khon Raij will take the Village Symbood from Loomsoing to the Chiliang Village Hall.
“The Regional Committees will visit the border areas and we hope that about 20-25 villages will also be arranged.
Gracie Nandy won the title of Miss Personality while Denice Kharkongor won the title of Miss Photogenic.
Hearing the PIL on the cleanliness of the Umiam Lake, the Division Bench said that the Meghalaya Waterbodies Guidelines, 2023, does not address the important issue of households and tit-like structures along the Rivers.
He first started working as a journalist with Apphira, then Media Plus and later joined the Sentinel newspaper team.
The government is currently preparing a detailed project report (DPR) and after approval it will take place and the target is to complete the work within three years.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, has appealed to the people who do not need to buy food to refrain from visiting the market. 10 years later, it was impossible for them to come to the market.
Vi Max is not only about connectivity but has been designed with the aim of empowering our users to choose the most appropriate features so that they can get consumption in the best way that will also suit their spending of the money.
During the elections, all the candidates sing songs that encourage the people to elect their leaders to represent them in the Legislative Assembly, but they announce immediately when they win they leave. He said that he didn't have any intention of staying in the street houses. When he left the house, he had to provide security guards. Family.
On the other hand, the President of the KSU, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar in his speech, said that they are pleased to be able to discuss with the Council on this issue before it is sent to the Commission.
“Prime Minister Duh spoke about experts' estimates that India's space activities will reach $16 billion from $8 billion in the coming years.
“It cannot be said that the Meghalaya police, even if they are of high rank, do not dare to share anything in front of the Assam police even if they are low rank.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong of Quinine Nongladew Village in Ri Bhoi District on Saturday decided to go out to watch the Khasi film 'To Wanphai Sha Nga' on the 18th of this month at Bijou Cinema Hall, Shillong.
He said that Jaïaw-Langsning is a small village with only 7 blocks but it is a far-sighted village.
“For the service, the Prime Minister has promised to do whatever is necessary and we have requested that the road should also be repaired for the Synod service to make it easier for the people to attend the service,” he said. Renikton.
A youth has been arrested by the police after a search operation in connection with the damage to Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) across the country.
Shillong, June 8: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (ACA) has expressed its concern over the sudden increase in the price of cement to T.340 per bag which is also the price written on the cement. MRP).
The decision of the party to march on foot along with the strike was taken on Thursday after the party held an emergency meeting at the Dorbar Hall in Maweit. .
Italy will face Spain in the semi-finals on 7th May, while England will face Denmark on 8th November
When I contested the election, we had an alliance with the UDP, but the UDP decided not to support me.
L.Kharkongor District Control Room-8794809841.
Assistant Director Sports & Youth Affairs and DSO West Jaintia Hills were the chief guests along with General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association Finely L. Pariat, officers. the sports department and others.
Jaiswal said the Congress party's 60-year rule has been a culture for officers to corrupt.
It is for these reasons that the National Green Tribunal (NGT) in June, 2014, banned the illegal mining of coal in Meghalaya and the Supreme Court in an order issued on 3rd March , November, 2019, has ordered that coal mining in the state has been allowed under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act,
Many people from other states have easy access to work and trade in our state without any restriction by the Government authorities and this has created problems and disappointment for many local workers. The petition was signed by the President of the Seng, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh and Vice President, Bah Rhembor Saibon.
The contractor for the construction of this road is SM Sangma.
Shillong, June 21: The Government of Meghalaya has erected siej on both sides of the Upper Shillong-Rhino Highway to welcome BJP President Amit Shah who will arrive tomorrow. city ​​of Shillong.
The union met with the officer after the bill light payers in the area saw the sudden increase in the bill light from T.231 to T.463 per month. .
The Bomb Squad and the CSU are investigating the causes of the blast,” he said.
She said that the photograph shows a false conversation in Khasi between an unidentified person and a WhatsApp account that has been followed or claimed to be hers.
Although the Prime Minister has campaigned strongly for Momin, he has won only in Ampati and Mahendraganj which are the constituencies of Mukul and his wife Dikanchi D Shira.
Jowai, Naiwieng 25: The Non-Cooperation Movement (Non-Cooperation Movement) held today by the Sengbhalang across the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills has been successful. ryntih you don't have to worry about anything.
He said he is now in Sonepat, Haryana.
“He said the state government should ensure that all the BOPs are fully staffed to prevent any re-crossing of the border by Assam.
According to Michelle, the story of Fast X is very interesting and many viewers will be surprised when the film is released.
When contacted by Rupang, the boat drivers, who led the tourists, said that the road is too small and there are too many vehicles coming for the Puja holidays of others. that kind of people.
Only half of the larger and more populous villages (Kyntoit) such as Nongkdait, Domsohkhai and Thangrai are not included in the Meghalaya Calendar
Sanjeev Kumar took two wickets and Sumit Dey took one wicket for Matrisangha.
Ronald is a lecturer at the Khasi Department, St. Edmund's College, Shillong and is also the General Secretary of the Khasi Authors' Society.
This species of rice-eating insect, called the Raphut insect, is an insect of many colours. It starts eating the rice from the evening when the sun has risen and continues. night until the rising of the sun.
He said that the outstanding purchase price for 2021-2022 is T.89.11 crore and can be paid in full, while the purchase price for 2022-23 is only 40%.
About 150 players in different age categories both boys and girls participated in the tournament and a total of 165 games were played during these three days.
The two candidates nominated by the VPP are G Phailin Nongrum from Sohra and Bobby Kharshandi from Nongstoiñ.
Shillong, Nailar 7: The Public Health Engineering (PHE) has faced difficulties in installing new water pipes under the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GWSS) due to the opposition of the villages in the city. .
It may be recalled that after a complaint against the illegal mining in Nongtalang area, the DC issued Order 144 to stop the mining and allowed the miners to start mining; After receiving a promise from the leaders of the party to refrain from drinking water.
I gave them the NPP ticket.
In the past six years, the Shillong Run has been running smoothly and most of the participants are school children although adults have also participated.
In recent days, there have been incidents of battery explosions in Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu.
" NATURE AND MAN, written by Rangbah ST Hamm, published in 'Syngkhong Jingtip' Vol.
Beneficiaries can send their complaints in writing to the District Grievance Redressal Officer, Mairang or to the Complaint Box at the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply).
The deadline for application is from 30/8/18 to 28/10/18 and the consideration of applications for registration is from 15/12/18 onwards.
This is where the Great Tribulation will take place, such as has never happened since the beginning of the world.
Nongpoh, March 28: The Fisheries Department in Ri-Bhoi District today concluded the celebration of the District Aqua Fest 2022 after fish farmers from all over the district came to take part in the fish market and also Various products from farmers' groups, SHGs and others were held at the office of the Fisheries Department in Nongpoh.
J Nongbri scored the first goal for Nongmynsong while Ryntathiang scored 34' and A. Makri 57' for Nongmynsong.
On this occasion, the MLA promised 10 lakh tyngka to the BDO office to distribute to the SHGs which have performed well.
“A petition against Sub-Inspector (SI) Bablu R Marak was lodged in the District Court of the ADM last April demanding that the OC should be punished. “According to the law,” said PK Bora's lawyer to reporters on Saturday.
Who would have thought that the road from DIPR through back gate Loreto to Dhankheti has become the Old Jowai Road 2 lane.
In fact, the project has been approved since June 2012, but Kong Ampareen said it has been delayed due to the need for a good price and the intention to introduce new courses at the ITI. “It has refused to spend money at first but it has accepted,” she said in response to a question by Sohra MLA Titosstarwell Chyne in the House today.
Marak has been remanded in custody for 14 days along with four others after being arrested on 13th June.
He said that the department should strengthen its working methods so that the money that should reach the state will reach it properly.
This action of the government has encouraged the people of Sohra and Shella areas who feel that it is only an action to please the new President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The party has also taken a decision on the situation in Manipur.
He said that the office has promised to take action to send a letter to the relevant authorities of the school so that they can take the necessary action.
Election season is not over in our state.
We have confirmed that cutting kilos will not work.
B.Desire Kynjing who won the first place in the Mr & Ms Meghalaya Body Building Competition held at the Soso Tham Auditorium in Shillong on 4th March, Luckyman Kynjing won the first place in the Denim Jeans Model (Short) category at the Mr. and Ms.East India 2022, Zonal Championship on 6th November,
We want to go to other places.
According to the Bible, the king, after hearing and considering the report, allowed Nehemiah to return and rebuild Jerusalem.
Shillong: The traffic jam has continued for three days, starting from the 11th of this month; from Umkiang to Tongseng and it is learned that this is due to the deterioration of the NH6 from Jowai to Malidor.
When asked about the role of money in the elections, Bah PN Syiem said, “Money has increased the price of the state not only the constituency. to elect a leader who will be a legislator and who has the ability to carry the responsibility of the people because of the backwardness in education, health, income due to the forced labor of the election.
Shillong, March 18: To bring together the members of the Shella Presbytery living in Shillong and surrounding areas, the Shella Presbytery Organization (SPO) will hold a meeting with the members of the Shella Presbytery Organization (SPO). on the 22nd of March at 10:30 pm at KJP Girls' High School, Shillong.
“If the state government does not release the salary before November 8, they will stage a protest,” he said.
Meanwhile, the district authorities of Ribhoi, West Jaintia Hills have also announced the closure of schools tomorrow.
During the programme, the BSF distributed essential items to the villages as well as to the villages like Betgora, Khaikona, Purnanagar and Badrup as part of the development of these villages.
The elders of Western Ri Bhoi District have expressed their deep concern over the alleged murder of a police officer by some selfish individuals. Comfort Doloi and Wickly Marwein will hold an emergency meeting on the issue on the 14th of this month at the Patharkhmah Hall from 10 am.
During the search operation, one of the missing MLAs was brought back by Congress leader Digvijaya Singh.
So both of them left and arrived at 2 o'clock and asked why they were sent to the Police Station.
On Tuesday only those ending in Numbers '4' and
MRSA is widespread in prisons, soldiers and among the physically active.
The DC announced this order after seeing that there are still buses running in Tura and parked at the bus stand near the PWD highway and residential buses and residential areas. These buses have become a nuisance and disrupted the traffic of other vehicles and have also caused heavy traffic jam.
“I went to ask them to have mercy but they said that if I don't have any more money, I can borrow money from others or if I can't, I'll delete my account from this bank and open it to other banks,” he said. one man was old.
The arrested were identified as Malkit Singh, Dharmendra Singh and Harpal Singh, residents of Punjab. you are in Delhi.
Two trucks have collided with another truck today, when one stopped while the other overturned, just because they dug a 2 feet deep well in the middle of the road in the village. Dkhiah West, near Ieng Swer Memorial Secondary School.
According to the latest government news, many things have to be done after the Governor Dr KK Paul approves the new constituency division of the ADCs. that new constituency.
Tiewfil Shadap was the chief guest to witness the match in the presence of Bhalang Suchiang Waheh Shnong and others.
The Government of Assam later established the High School Government.
Not only the leaders but the electorate especially.
After the discovery of the body this afternoon, police have arrested u Dwis Phawa who has been missing since Sunday morning from Skentalang village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Expressing the need for young people to have skills and knowledge of different languages, the Minister also spoke on the opportunities for young people to work abroad, especially in countries such as China, Japan, Germany, the UK and Australia.
The watch was stolen and the Assam police have seized the watch in the past few days.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Amanda expressed her gratitude that the tournament has been held again after two years of suspension due to the outbreak of COVID-1
The Lok Sabha MP elections, which were held in 543 constituencies across the states of India, have once again won the BJP for Prime Minister Narendra Mody. The BJP and its allies within the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) have been in power for three consecutive terms since
In the letter, which was sent to the District Council, Sawian demanded that the District Council should punish the Syiem and the members of the Executive Dorbar of the Sohra Hima.
Siju PHC has been selected for the Best Performing PHC in South Garo Hills under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme and Baghmara Civil Hospital has been awarded the Best Performing District Hospital in the state under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme. Insurance Scheme.
He said that Hoping was not born great but he is greater than those who were born great by giving the example of Tirot Singh Syiem, Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte and former President of the United States Abraham Lincoln.
In this meeting, the Vice Chancellor himself tried to speak in Khasi.
In these days and nights, people's minds are turning to luxury life such as cars, houses, mobile phones, and others, which bring about the loss of money. their money.
However, for those who have more income, the wifi connection has become even worse because the internet is available without worrying about who will pay.
Shillong: There have been 128 new cases reported today, including 72 cases in East Khasi Hills and 65 cases in civilians.
He said that the pandemic has brought the world's attention to the health sector while India has taken the lead in looking after the welfare of the people.
Two winemakers from Jaintia Hills and one from Tura came to take part in this festivities.
After the meeting, Jes Nongsiej, Vice President of UDP Mawkyrwat Circle, said that at this meeting, the leaders of the circle decided to give their full support to the amendment of the Reservation Policy. that it may be perfect in all things.
The Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) will be posted on Thursday on the MJUNCTION Portal and the auction will be held on Tuesday.
Dr DI Kjam, Director Vocational Service, gave the welcome speech.
Earlier, the Government of India had issued its orders on 30th October, 9th July and 24th July 2020, regarding the extension of documents relating to the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 and the The Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989, earlier, allowed the old license plates to be valid until 31st November
The vehicle, named “Food Safety on Wheels”, has equipment to test food whether it is safe to eat or not.
R. Chandranathan, Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya welcomed the donation.
Sangma said this while presenting the state budget on 21st June.
On this day, foreigners who cannot prove that they are Indian citizens were not allowed to enter the state.
As soon as school starts, immediately conduct a selection test, do you know if the children are able? This government doesn't care much about the education of the children.
During his visit to the village, Bah Banteidor visited the Aganwadi Center which needs to be improved and discussed with the villagers to bring cable car ropeway to the village. which is not yet open.
If it is not arranged soon, the land will become more and more expensive and it will be exactly like that story in Aesop's fables between "The Blind Old Woman and the Wise Man", where her belongings have been taken away from the house.
Parts of Santa Cruz are the worst affected, with about half of the country's cases in Bolivia.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has expressed its anger over the behavior of Bah Sanbor Shullai, BJP MMLA and Minister of State and demanded that he should be punished.
According to the letter received, the office of the Joint Registrar said that any organization or society that wishes to dissolve, must comply with Articles 25 to 30 of the Constitution and send a decision of the Society to the office.
From now on, if the MBOSE wants to change the question system, it should notify all schools so that they can teach students in the classroom according to that model of question system, not don't just set as many as you want.
The history we have is written by the French after they came to these Khasi Hills after 1826 after they defeated the Burmese.
The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the MSOA, various sports associations and the Sports Department for their contribution to the Meghalaya Games.
Confirming this, the state government through the state home department has issued a letter to confirm Mehta as the state police chief.
Referring to their demand that the government should not send police to Mawai from the 12th to the 15th, Prestone said that if the residents of Mawlai do not want to see any police in the area, Prestone said that He said that the government will respect their demand, saying that they should not take the law into their own hands or cause trouble that will affect the peace and order.
The Deputy Commissioner & Chairman, District Rural Development Agency, Jowai has informed all the residents of West Jaintia Hills District that the Aadhaar Enrollment is exclusively for children aged 0-6 years, children, youth, poor mothers and pregnant women who receive assistance under the ICDS Scheme starting from
On the other hand, Khader, commenting on the allegation, said that these people do not understand the meaning of the CAA and said, “I feel sorry for those who speak against me, because I can “It is not good to imprison these robbers, because it will only destroy their families,” he said.
He said that he is fortunate to be in charge of the department and he promised to fight as much as he can for the improvement and beautification of Nongstoiñ. the cooperation of the people so that these good intentions can be achieved.
In this regard, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has emerged as the opposition candidate of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in next year's Lok Sabha elections.
MCLF and Presbyter CNI, PCI, KJP Western Synod, CNI, A'Chik Baptist Church XII Shillong, Church of God (Meghalaya & Assam), Church of God, KJCLF and all 3 Dioceses of the Catholic Church.
As we have discussed, we have never found that there is a single government that has agreed to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the reason is that the political parties have not. They were forbidden by their brother, who is in Assam, not to pass the bill, because Assam wants to send the foreigners to the state.
The election for the election of Waheh Shnong was held smoothly under the surveillance of the Police.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Nangkiew Irat 1-0 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday.
"That's how they separate.
On the morning of 22nd November 2022, the Forest Guard Police, without causing any incident, opened fire on the people who had taken to the streets since early in the morning. Shortly after the crowd fled, two bodies of the elderly men were found lying lynktop on the road in the middle of the bloodshed.
The eight include 40 MPs from Manipur, who have sent a petition to the Prime Minister.
There are now 14 deaths in the state.
They said that the man was in critical condition and it is not known where he went. Since he left the house he was wearing a blue shorts, a blue t-shirt and jri slippers. they are not blue.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the state government cannot interfere or change the food distribution schemes from the Indian government for the people.
In this term, the Congress has won the worst MLA term because in the 2018 elections, it won 21 seats but it has remained strong even before the end of its five-year term.
Rubi had left Rajasthan to collect the remains of his son and arrived at his home in Nongagang Marngar, Ri-Bhoi on Sunday morning.
Earlier, the DCA had informed the government of the resignation of seven MDC constituencies in the past months after the MDCs resigned for fear of being violated by the Khang Bam Armaloi Act. approved by the State Legislative Assembly last year.
“The Minister of Defense has lied at the behest of the Prime Minister.
In the incident, one of the occupants of the Bolero died on the spot while another was seriously injured.
The lynshop of this tragic and tragic situation is not due to anyone's force or violence, but only due to their own actions and the actions of some exploiters.
“I Hep is the one who has a mobile phone and I don't want to talk anymore,” said Banrilang.
At the same time, the State Government has informed that the opposition of the Rangbah Shnong of the Shnong who has identified the site for the landfill continues until now. The District authorities should find a way to resolve this and there can be no announcement from the Court which place is suitable for the landfill”.
Lurshai won the first prize in the singles competition while Venetia K.Warshong of St Anthony's College and Sweety Mary Lyngba of St Anthony's College came second and third. St Mary's College.
He added that the most sad thing is that even when it is not the time to turn off the electricity as scheduled by the government, the people do not get electricity at all and this has affected the people. The power outage has been excessive and has affected the livelihoods of the people.
“The last meeting of the committee was on the proposal of the Government of India to link Aadhaar number and voter ID. The President of India has not signed the Electoral Reforms Act
Shillong, July 17: U Banjoplang Nongsiej, one of the youths with disabilities, has shown that there is no problem in being like those who are able to do so. Computer Science and Engineering, even in the midst of deafness and difficulty speaking or swallowing.
Jowai: Two brothers have robbed a man named Happy George Sungoh of Nangbah village, West Jaintia Hills on Saturday night.
To be able to do many things, to be able to do, not to be able to pursue knowledge in literature and education.
Isaiah 43:10–11.
The money was released on the recommendation of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The competition will consist of three categories, namely for young women, men and women who are the residents of 1-Nartiang Constituency.
SWSRJ President Army Lipon said the fete was scheduled to be held on the 19th at Phramer, but due to lack of space and delay in obtaining NOC, it was postponed to Sabahmuswang.
He said that no one has been appointed to look after the situation in the state when he himself went to Delhi and this is very sad.
Chilliangraij scored the first goal of the match from the penalty spot.
According to Ms Ampareen, the project has been implemented under the Enhancing Skilled Development Infrastructure for North East and Sikkim scheme.
The Dewbilat Company of Star Cement Lumshnong, through the CSR department, has done many good deeds in Sakhri and Pandare villages, to develop the villages. In 2023, the company has also installed solar lighting systems in every household and church, as well as installed up to 100 street lights in many places in these areas. villages, it can be said that these villages have now received electricity especially at night.
The demand also served as a public awareness campaign on the rights of the people and the injustice of the government on the employment quota.
MGIRI has prepared the project in two phases.
He said that AMDA has been opening opportunities for the youth from time to time not only in Meghalaya but also in other competitions in India. We will bring glory not only to our family but to the state as a whole.
He said that as the funds allocated to these Councils belong to the Central Government, the account should be done by the Comptroller and Auditor General, not by the State Government.
“The relocation is to put them in a better place, not to insult them,” said UDP Senior President Bindo M Lanong.
What are the challenges we face in our youth?
But as I grew older, I realized that to become a learner, I had to read the book.
It is for this reason that the new Education Policy of the Government does not allow teachers to participate in politics because much of the time of teachers has to be spent on the activities of the government. politics, besides causing hatred and division even among teachers.
The word "Nim rokom" is derived from the Pnar word "Niam rokom" and "Pinchong pinthi" comes from the Pnar word "Pynchong pynthiah" and so on.
He said that these 18 Parliamentary Secretaries will be employed according to the law and added that he has read carefully the work of this government especially the appointment of PS. “If you lead the Congress, you will lose, it will be because of your household chores,” he said.
When the time of the examination came, Rida told her mother, the mother told Panah and as soon as she learned about it, Panah came and bought her a complan to drink and she didn't drink it anymore. he even asked his mother to give him more time to prepare.
Some parts of God's Word: This part that God has appointed to pass through, is only once.
Mawsynram Branch, without delay, requested the support of Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Trai Shnong of Mawsynram Village to assist in informing the Head Office of the bank that Bah P. Rani inside the Branch, to provide temporary relief to the people of the area who come to collect money.
He said that leaders of the Aam Admi Party in the state like Daross Ramsiej, General Secretary of the AAP and Arelitha K Sangma have joined the party.
Pomshutia CC tied first and scored 100/10 in 16 overs.
Sangma said the GSU will not spend money only for the RTI as there will be other expenses to get answers through RTI by storing all the answers on a CD. He urged the office to fulfill his demand within 45 days.
Will the right to vote of the citizens who are also full citizens be affected if they accept or refuse to accept the TIKA of this current pandemic? If it is true that it will affect the people, it means that the people no longer have the right to be voters or electors or it will be suspended immediately just because they have not received the TIKA. “The election of leaders in a fair manner will continue to improve. It will empower the political parties to continue to bring in clean candidates from time to time. they did not elect the Leaders.
However, many of these organizations commit these crimes in the name of saving the nation.
The SRKBH East Khasi Hills District Committee once again requests the leaders of various Kurs to attend the event, said Bah RL Kharpran in a statement. today.
Therefore, it is necessary to provide adequate time for the Kurs to communicate between the different Kurs.
The purpose of the Seng Kur is to unite the nine kpoh in the kur relationship who came from the iawbei, Mei-Sin from Muktapur, Hima Sutnga.
The Expert Committee will review the existing recruitment quota with suggestions for revision, take extensive views and consultations with all stakeholders, and the Committee will visit He also visited various parts of the State to get the views of all stakeholders.
“He reminded the residents not to forget that during his tenure as MLA he has been able to deliver crores of development works in the entire constituency, including private schemes, roads, community hall cum market complex, indoor sports halls which have been in operation for 40 years have not been completed and the money spent in the past has not been spent in the tens of thousands of rupees.
We are tired of seeing the divisions from year to year and the reluctance of the leaders to come together for various reasons.
It has been very helpful in providing parking during public meetings.
Because the Jews or Israelites count the month of March and the first month of April according to their calendar, which means the 11th day of April 32 AD according to the calendar we use.
Six others were seriously injured after the shooter opened fire at the Cook's Corner nightclub in Trabuco Canyon, Orange County.
If this acid is too high in your body, it can form crystals or tiny white stones in the bones or tissues.
The Minister said that cleanliness is a part of the lifestyle of the tribals and urged the residents to continue this cleanliness which they have said from their ancestors.
Therefore, with the addition of two more games which has now taken the calendar of the current season to 21 games, it has a plan for further expansion of the number of players. from 19 to 22 in Europe.
These two days are also the days when the people will pay their last respects to the Motphran Bridge, which they will never see again.
“I am speaking to the feelings of the people,” said Bah Titos.
Sangma said a meeting of the MDA was held yesterday as part of the discussion on the issues to be discussed in the dorbar synrai which will start on the 10th of this month.
The purpose of computerizing the PDS scheme is to reduce fraud in the Food Corporation of India (FCI) and its beneficiaries.
The source said that the letter was sent to one of the drivers of the company who is a young man from Kokrajhar, Assam.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has shot dead Bah Ronning Nongkynrih on the night of 5th June, 2023 near Mawshun village, East Khasi Hills. The Meghalaya government should take action against the BSF and punish those involved in the murder.
Send those ministers or officers, and when they have finished speaking, the people will tell them to speak.
The program was enriched by the singing of traditional songs and playing traditional music.
In the women's category, Pyndenglitha beat Seng Samla Nongspung 2-0
The United States remains the world's most affected country, followed by Brazil, while China ranks 14th among the most affected countries. coronavirus disease.
According to Bah Mawthoh, the FFT members will hold a meeting with MeCEL officials after visiting the dam and will work together to prepare a report to submit to the state government.
Agartala: The Tipra Motha Party, the largest opposition party in the Tripura Legislative Assembly, has been devastated by the BJP government for more than a year. , has left to support the BJP and join the Government.
“Therefore, the KSU sends a clear message to the Government of India that it should take immediate action to restore peace and order in Manipur,” he said.
I myself use Jait Kmie as well as my children, according to the wishes of their Meikha.
At the same time, he encouraged the players of these two teams who have reached the final of the title.
Kahanr, an auto rickshaw driver in Bhubaneshwar, Orissa, said he had done nothing wrong in driving, but was drunk and said his vehicle was bought by him. inheritance worth T.25,0
“This letter, which was written by the people of PAID KHASI BAÏAR, requests that it should be sent to the groups until it reaches the MLAs of UDP, Congress, AITMC, HSPDP, VPP, PDF and Independent, of these winners, urges them to do so for the survival of the nation.
Jowai, November 14 : The Home Guard Volunteers (HGVs) from Ri-Lum Jaintia who have been used by the government during the fight against COVID-19 since 2020 have said that they will not be able to Election duty even if sent by the government because they have not received even their salary which remains unpaid.
The General Secretary of the UDP and former MLA of Nongthymmai, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, said that there were three important issues discussed at the meeting, and those were on the recent incident. in Langpih regarding the border, the introduction of the railway line to the state and the promotion of the Khasi language in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Vidyasagar Rao, Governor of Maharashtra and Shri Prakash Javadekar, Union Minister of State for Forests, Environment and Climate Change.
However, Rangdajied won the match in the 89th minute through Ambilstar Sun.
He said that the union had planned to meet with the Chief Engineer but it was not possible because he was too busy during the Legislative Assembly. that the meeting does not satisfy them because they do not receive a clear answer.
Publicity Secretary of KSU Mawkhar Newton Langstieh said that the KSU Mawkhar has launched a campaign against the illegal sale of liquor as they are the sources of destruction for the youth of the village and others.
We need the cooperation of leaders, experts and the people to achieve the goal.
After the meeting with the DC, leaders of the Jaintia Amalgamated Redressal Forum (JARF), Union Waheh Shnong East Jaintia Hills District, Jaintia Coal Miner Dealer Association, East Jaintia Coal Supplier Association, Meghalaya People Labor Union Jaintia Hills District Committee and other organizations They unanimously approved to allow the DC of the district to talk to the government.
When the Shnongknor allowed Bah Adelbert to take part in the meeting, he asked the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma whether he is really willing to review the MoU. He said that if the Constitution cannot be amended, why can't the MoU be amended, which shows that there is nothing wrong with it?
The program was attended by farmers from around Mawkyrwat area along with the promotion and sale of fish, soh, jhur and flowers.
On receiving the information, the members immediately raided the vehicle carrying the mynder and arrested them at Mawlai Nongkwar in front of the CRPF camp.
Prisons are not suitable for human habitation, garbage, men and women live and sleep together and women give birth inside prisons.
In the U-18 category, Renaldi Dhar (100m & long jump), Tushal M Sangma (javelin) and Nidawan Lyngdoh (400m) were the winners.
Dinner, 69, who suffers from chronic illness, was abducted by robbers and not by insurgents, said SP Raghavendra Kumar.
Shillong: Before the KSU members started their march on foot from Jaiaw, it was seen that the police had already stationed at Motphran, GS Road (Umsohsun), Khyndailad and other places where the KSU members were marching. you have to walk.
Encouraging the students to move forward in their studies, he said, “Education is not only for getting jobs but it will prepare everyone to face any challenges. ".
The country is moving towards piped water supply to all households in rural areas who will have access to safe water through pipelines.
After talks with the KSU leaders, the DDU-GKY authorities promised to invite the management of the Cardiac Research Center to meet face to face with these youths.
The District Administration in collaboration with the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB), the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai and other market owners in Jowai celebrated the 152nd birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. Gandhi Jayanti was celebrated by holding a market cleanliness in Jowai.
On the 19th at 7 pm, their father saw that these two youths were dressed in Dkhar clothes with the intention of taking them to Assam.
He said that those who violate will be punished according to the Plastic Waste Management Rule 2016 but the Council does not want anyone to violate but requests the public to cooperate.
“If the Government agrees to run a prospective roster from June 2022, there will be no backlog or unfinished jobs, even if the roster accounts are running accordingly. recruitment cycle.
Riangtem said the government does not know where Joypur is located, because it has not consulted with the hima and village rulers.
“The 6th Schedule is like the bible of the Khasi, if it doesn't exist in the next 50 years this nation will disappear, leaders who don't know the 6th Schedule should no longer be leaders. " he said.
The competition was enriched by the performances of the students of Nabon Sawian Memorial Secondary School, Mawmluh, Larsing Khongwir Memorial School, Mawsmai and Sohra Twa Presbyterian Upper Primary School, Sohra.
He said that for this reason as a former leader of the KSU and also as a leader of the state he cannot just listen like that.
Jeet Thayil, a prominent Indian writer and award winner, will also be the chief guest on the awards ceremony.
Speaking to reporters, KDA President Starwin Kharjana, who is deaf, said that last year, the KDA had received a promise from the Minister to implement their demands. The implementation of the 3 percent recruitment quota under the Persons With Disabilities Act 1993 in government departments, but after 10 years, nothing has happened.
“The help of the party will depend on them according to the position of the candidates and their struggle to reach the people. Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has condemned the incident which happened in Mon district, Nagaland on Tuesday after 13 people were killed. The Assam Rifles have demanded the immediate repeal of the ASFPS Act which the Indian government has empowered the troops to crack down on. However, the people who came from the workplace which they did not see thought that they would lose their lives in the hands of the Assam Rifles.
In a statement, the Mizoram government has extended the curfew from 15th July to 10th October 2019 due to the celebration of Republic Day and Chapchar Kut festival.
Bah Piwel Shylla congratulated the former Waheh Shnongs for bringing many development schemes in the village.
NEHUSU President First June Nongbsap said the Union has requested all students and organizations within the university to join hands in this strike and to boycott the classes.
Conrad Sangma said that Mukroh village belongs to Meghalaya without any doubt, because if the census is in Meghalaya, the implementation of the MNGREGA scheme also has a VEC in Laskein. The village has 502 Jobcards and a polling station in the last elections. The village falls under Mokaiaw constituency and Mukroh-A has 802 voters. male voters and 794 female voters.
The owners of the houses suspect that the robbers stole these vehicles during the power outage of MeECL at midnight.
“The government feels that to provide better services to the people, it is better to hand over the management of PHCs and CHCs in the state,” he said.
Therefore, to avoid any unrest in the area, the closure of the road is necessary to curb the heat that can occur in many places.
The company has taken responsibility to pay for the treatment of Bah Bokstar Khongstid.
He said that the MSPCB has banned the sale of plastic more than 50 micron in thickness and those who sell plastic must register with the Board and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem and those who do not register will not be allowed. ban the sale of plastic.
Speaking on the occasion, Ampareen said the NPP feels and suggests that it should move forward with the peace talks.
Rice, who holds the record for signing after leaving West Ham United, came on in the 65th minute.
Sniawbhalang Dhar received 16,696 votes, Emlang Laloo INC received 14,846 votes, Genrous Paslein (IND) received 7,404 votes, Dawan Lyngdoh of UDP received 893 votes, Nota 433 and Rimiki Sari vote.
The meeting was conducted by Bah D.Jyndiang MLA Nongstoin in the presence of Bah W.Mawsor MLA Mawahynrut and all the newly elected members of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit. day with other party personnel.
Nongpoh: A 12 wheeler truck (JK-02-CG-9975) has caught fire at 3 pm this morning on the NH-37 Guwahati-Shillong road. and Monford School and falls within the boundary of Mawsmai 10mer Village, Ri Bhoi District.
The closing date for submission of applications is on or before 20th September,
Before the 27th June, there were rumors that the contest between the UDP and the NPP in Sohiong constituency could be held but the election in Sohiong had to be postponed due to the sudden death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Therefore, the Union condemns this incident without mentioning the shortcomings of anyone and urges that such incidents should not happen again.
On this occasion, it was said that during the G20 summit, the leaders of these countries who will meet on that day, will think and ask and look into exactly the loss of lives. and the collapse of Ukraine's economy over the past year so far due to Russia's invasion since last year.
Some of the villages that have cooperated before the Lockdown Covid-1
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Tourism Department officials, FKJGP President Dundee Cliff Khongsit said the FKJGP has visited and inspected Sikkim to find out the implementation of the The ILP has not affected the tourism industry in the state and has found that it has no impact at all.
“As one of the oldest leaders in the UDP since the party was formed in 1997, he expressed the hope that others who come after will see history as it is.
The Seng, which also held a two minute silence in his memory, recalled his work and recalled that after his return to the Seng, he served as President of the Seng. Nongthymmai Block Congress Committee.
The insufficient strengthening of these posts has led to fears of landslides and the danger of premature collapse of these posts, especially during the rainy season.
At about 4.30 pm, police took away three women in a police Gypsy from the area and a male member of the HYC from Mawsynram.
In these days, people talk only about the kyiad that is called or bajem.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah AL Hek said that USTM has been able to bring together all the students as one family.
However, a few days later, Mr. Angelus Sun called a meeting, where the meeting on 4/5/2022 did not reach anywhere, but in the meeting held on Saturday, the meeting was held The Executive Committee was formed and elected the members of the village. On the same day, Bah Tony Shylla was elected as the Secretary. the village.
It may be recalled that these same employees demanded that the Government should withdraw the GVK EMRI and the Government should take over this health service department.
Shillong, July 3: The Police Department has announced the recruitment of 100 persons for the post of UB Sub Inspector, 25 for the post of AB Sub Inspector, 463 for the post of UB Sub Inspector, 41 for the post of UB Constable. Firemen, 10 Driver Firemen, 96 MPRO Constables and 23 WPCs. 150 AB Constables, 600 State Battalion Constables & IRBN Constables, 20 Constables from Ri, 3 Constables .
Shillong,Jymmang 15 : In the past few days, there has been a lot of discussion on the decline in the value of dignity of the Khasi Pnar people, whether in public places or in public gatherings especially from the elders who have seen it before. the day of the month, how much they care about this matter.
In previous years, there were only a few who dared to nominate their wives, children, brothers or sisters to contest elections together.
CEM Thombor Shiwat, while explaining the allegation by BJP President E. Mawrie and MDC Lakhon Biam, said that as the EC, it has the right to clarify on the matter. and the implementation of the SAG scheme in all Constituencies.
Shillong: The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has warned that there will be thunderstorms and lightning in various parts of the state tomorrow.
Although it may be for any reason,it can eventually make you sad and you don't want to smile.
The Rural Development Department has launched the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) as a special measure to connect rural areas through roads to those settlements without vehicles with a population of 250 people and above. the 2001 census for the North East to improve the income and social well-being of the people living in rural areas.
Speaking on the debate on the speech of the Governor in the Budget Session, Dr. Celestine said that he doesn't care if the government doesn't build a stadium in Umsning constituency. He is not from the ruling party, but he can give it to Umroi or Nongpoh constituencies which are in the ruling party, for the glory of Bhoi and he will feel proud as a leader of the region.
The training centre, which started in 2021, is owned by Iaraplang Pakma.
On the other hand, the government has introduced various rules and regulations but the union continues from time to time to work and as the union we are not afraid or afraid but we will continue. by searching the documents of the authorities residing in the Pyntha Umdan area and surrounding villages.
“I don't have anything to say on this,” he said while talking to reporters on Dr. Mukul Sangma's allegation.
However, many of us residents agree with what the committee has created for us to live together in peace and harmony and as a sign of respect for our fellow residents whether they have cards or not. ration also to get food.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Anand Sharma said the meeting went smoothly and the Parliamentary Standing Committee listened to all the leaders to get their views on the procedure. He said the Council wants to get opinions from other states like Tripura, Mizoram and other states before the Parliamentary Standing Committee can approve the Sixth Schedule. the report to the Legislative Assembly of India to take the necessary action.
Besides, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Government has to comply with the Act and Rule of the Lokayukta, which stipulates that it is the officers who are still in service, who have to be appointed under the Lokayukta.
Dr Sahkhar said that the department has already met with the associations of various fish farmers in the state and has offered them to cooperate in the use of this fish farm. to produce clean meat for sale to the public and also to prevent environmental pollution.
The general audition will be held on the 12th and 19th June 2019, said a statement issued by Ridalin Sohtun, President and General Secretary, Steffinia Wankhar.
She has served the people at Saipung Primary Health Center and is now working at Sutnga Community Health Centre.
The two runners introduced themselves at the headquarters of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on Thursday to meet with the leaders of the association. Sing Secretary and Bah John F.Kharshiing, Co-Chairman of the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon
Ness was evacuated by helicopter from the area and is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital in Kathmandu.
Large units will receive up to 70% subsidy and small units will receive 50% subsidy.
Shillong, November 11: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has strongly criticized the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday. The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 has been abolished in Garo Hills.
Meanwhile, the Congress party is trying hard to get only one or two MDCs from the ARPA as it is said that there are those who have already been arrested and those who will come. always at the right time.
It congratulates the KSU for being quick to arrest and warn the foreigner and condemns the police for arresting the KSU member who handed over the thief to the police.
Because this time until now, when we try to look at it, we have seen that it has changed completely compared to the previous elections in the past years.
There is no religion greater than the religion of others and to stand with the people.
However, because they don't have the will and that consciousness has died, which has led the youth to come out to fight for the rights of the nation.
Hopefully there will be colleges and universities in the rural areas in the coming days.
“I criticize those who say that politics cannot be cleaned up, now we will see who will win, we will clean up politics because the VPP goes to the people only by proclamation and not by money,” said Bah. Burning.
According to the National Crime Records Bureau, there were 1.3 lakh suicides in India in 2012, an average of 15 suicides per hour and one suicide. According to the World Health Organization, every 40 seconds in the world.
The Prime Minister warned that when knocking on the doors of every household, the same attention should be given for the second dose as for the first dose.
They also requested the Umïam Police Station to conduct regular patrolling in the area and if they find anyone who commits immorality, they should arrest and punish them. The village authorities are also afraid that by allowing them to live in this area, many kinds of evils will arise which will affect the community.
“The Union demands that the announcement issued on 15th July 2016 banning Government employees from participating in Village Affairs and other activities should be revoked within 05th June 2016 and on On the same basis, the Government should not accept the suggestion of the Meghalaya High Court to pass an ordinance on the Dorbar Shnongs,” said Dr. Werlok Kharshiing. depth.
“If the Government takes action against the closure of the MCCL, it would be better for the Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem to take responsibility,” said the statement. The MCCL should also be punished with the death penalty.
The state government has decided to give leave to the SDM of Karnal, who was involved in the shooting of farmers in Haryana. , reported The Indian Express.
Jowai, November 13: The District Mission Coordinator, SSA West Jaintia Hills has launched a campaign to improve education in the district as per the RTE Act
However, when the victims are your own children, unpleasantness and uncontrollable events may arise.
Samla Kitbok also urged the voters to turn to God in prayer before taking a decision so that you can experience the blessings of the country. future'.
“After a while, someone informed me that the Rangbah had escaped from their hands and fled to the forest,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Lapang said the demand for a change of leadership came after the Congress party lost many elections in the state. “We have lost the MDC elections in GHADC, we have lost We have lost the mid-term MP elections in Nongstoiñ and we have lost the mid-term MP elections in Tura Lok Sabha constituency. “It's a good idea,” said Bah Lapang.
Explaining about the casinos in Ri Bhoi, Bah George B.Lyngdoh said that at present, the state government has already issued licenses to three persons to operate casinos. casinos or 'Khalai' clubs in the state and that is according to the recent Dorbar Synrai.
If the Government also cares about its country and nation, it should immediately curb these illegal entry of foreigners.
The Asscociation wished them all the best in their service.
Through such tournaments, it will improve the talents of Khasi children and especially those who have not yet had the opportunity to compete with those athletes who are famous. take the opportunity to really showcase that athletic talent, so that it can improve their skills.
The DC said these documents can be obtained from the website of the department, and they must also submit a test report to verify the GCV of the coal.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr Jyrwa said that after the implementation of this site, all the meat farmers can no longer cut meat in any place in Shillong but they should. They went to the place where the government had prepared them.
“After speaking to the media, Pilot walked from Congress Bhavan to Khyndai Lad to seek support for the party candidate from North Shillong, Bah JA Lyngdoh.
“He said that the protest of the people at that time was due to the high price they had to pay to get permission to build houses.
Man's dignity depends on his ability to produce electricity, or to build a shelter.
In the U-14 boys category, Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School beat Assam Rifles Public School 4-2 in the tie breaker.
Speaking on the occasion, Ashish said that only package 4 has already been called for tender while other packages including packages 3 and 5 have yet to be called for tender.
Under – 17 Years (Boys) born on or after 1 January
It was said that the implementation within the BJP as part of the preparations for the Assembly elections has become stronger and the party has the hope of winning the election.
The poet Soso Tham at that time was a Khasi teacher in Government School in class IX and X although he had not passed even the Matric or SSLC as it is now called.
We have discussed many of these characteristics in this corporation.
The allegation by the Minister of State, James PK Sangma, came in one of the media outlets from Assam which spread on social media on Friday that Balwant Soni is the Chief Executive Member ( Kingpin) of the illegal coal mafia from Meghalaya to smuggle coal from Meghalaya through the Gasuapara Land Custom Station.
I don't get out in the morning because I'm busy at work...” Lanosha said. Lanosha sat on the balcony and ate kwai to eat with Kongthei.
Police are investigating the incident.
The first match will be between Laitkor SC and Umpling SC at 2.30 PM and the second match will be between PFR Football Academy SC and Mawkriah. West SC at 4.15 PM.
“Furthermore, without forgetting the others who have made a great contribution whose names we cannot mention, we would like to express our gratitude and respect to you without mentioning their names.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 24: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today directed the Institute Nodal Officers (INOs) of the district who have not yet registered their schools and colleges. to register their students on the National Scholarship Portal (NPS) to identify the students who apply for the scholarship.
The 10 km road from Jakrem to Mawksiar was constructed at a cost of T.7 crore under the Central Roads Fund (CRF) scheme.
I think there is no one who is qualified and skilled to lead us in the Legislative Assembly, who not only speaks to the media but who speaks on important issues in the Legislative Assembly. "I'm sorry," said Dhar.
This was held at the Riti Academy office in 2018 in Umsohsun.
KHLIEHRIAT: A storm and heavy rainfall have hit several villages in Narpuh Elaka, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), New Delhi has selected CAU Imphal to host this special program on agriculture which is also funded by NAHEP. The training was conducted by Dr. Anupam Mishra, Hon'ble Vice Chancellor, CAU, Imphal.
How can the Assam government and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) fail to control their own people and ensure that they do not harass the Khasi Pnars? We understand that in Karbi Anglong, the KAAC is the most powerful, but we believe that if the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, fights, the people of Karbi will have to listen to him.
The Hima Khyriem Festival this year is preparing to hold the Shad Nongkrem as usual at the Ynsad ground in Nongkseh. the house of King Smith, said King Balajied.
If those youths who take to the streets to oppose the government do not support the party, thousands and tens of thousands of youths will come out to join and fight with the candidate of the parties.
“It is also a sign of victory for the UDP in Mawlai, Shillong and the UDP in Khasi Jaintia and the state as a whole.
On the occasion, Dr. Lartang encouraged all those who attended the event to enjoy their lives despite their old age.
And they went and built Noah's ark, but it was too late and they all died.
SOMALA recalled that on 24th March 2011, it had sent a letter to the MRD to exempt Meghalaya from the Land Acquisition Bill 2011 which has now become law. 17th July 2012 that the Land Acquisition Act is a concurrent subject and the Government may amend the Act, at its discretion, by amending parts of the Land Acquisition Act.
A pedestrian walkway along roads and cycle paths is also required.
Bah Marwein said that the reason why his wife cut the unknown tit was after she had eaten it alive and because he had nothing to do with it, she cut the jyntah but without thinking. they are sick.
KL Pariat, resident of Iawmusiang, who is also one of the leaders of the Muster Roll Union and leader of the Wah Myntdu Protection Group, has decided to appeal to the State Chief Information Commissioner. Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) after not receiving an RTI reply from the PIO of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB).
Ladrymbai Police Station has rushed to the scene to collect the body and shifted it to Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
With the announcement of the polling day, the political parties will now have a lot of work to do to prepare for the elections.
Instead of uniforms, KHNAM has suggested to the college authorities not to implement the rule that students should not dress modestly because if they wear uniforms, they will not be able to affect the students. work after college to meet their needs.
“If they have to vote on this year's budget on Thursday, it means that we have crossed the limit of the rules.
This is the first time that the Prime Minister has visited the state in less than 10 years.
“The state government through the education department is preparing to introduce some of the CBSE curricula in the schools of Meghalaya as this will enable the students of the state to compete with other youth. study in other states of India,” said Rakkam.
This video has been released in Jaintia Hills.
All the Arab countries Iran, Jordan, Egypt, Syria, Turkey, Lebanon and others will come to fight against Israel.
Anything that is too clean will burn quickly,” he said.
He said that such a laboratory has been set up in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and this one in East Jaintia Hills District is the first in the country.
“There is no difference if the copies are bought from the market and they can choose according to their beauty,” said the bookseller.
On the other hand, the Minister praised the beauty of Meghalaya, especially Dawki, saying, “I have been amazed by the beauty of Dawki since I arrived here yesterday.
The State Government should take action against this and conduct a strong investigation as this incident is no different from a crime,” said the MLA of North Shillong Constituency.
Regarding the increase in the number of cases of dog bites, she said that there will be inspections around the places where dogs are slaughtered and the MCD will work with many NGOs.
If Meghalaya wins, it will have to prepare for the final in the evening of the same day.
Vivek Agnihotri, after Priyanka's revelation about what happened to her in Bollywood, supported the actress and was happy that she didn't take the initiative to hide what happened to her.
In the tournament which started from 6th to 13th of this month at three venues namely Bhopal, Gwalior and Delhi, the State has sent 111 players to take part in Shoo-ting, Basketball, Boxing, Athletics, Judo, Football, Badminton and Table Tennis.
The order said that “the Dorbar of the Acting Syiem Hima Mylliem has decided to announce as usual every year to remind that the produce brought by the farmers inside the market or in any market under the The Hima Mylliem should weigh again the khoh ki byrni and kriah that have been emptied after the weighing of the marrep so that we can know how much it weighs and count it”.
He urged the employees of Meghalaya Rural Bank, Mawkyrwat Branch that as the people have given their trust to this bank in Mawkyrwat, it is time to set up more bank branches. so that it may be of benefit and not be as crowded as it is in these days.
Speaking to reporters, Bah PK Rngaid, one of the elders of Mawmluh II, said that the drinking water supply in these two villages which have more than 50 households has been drawn from the well. and if the groundwater is destroyed, it can seriously affect the health of the villagers.
He said that the Congress wants to discuss for 10 hours on the issue of corruption to minority issue. “I said why only 10 hours, 2 days we will discuss but confirm. Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya will last only 5 hours, but he refused. be like a lion that roars to fight against corruption as leaders,” he said.
After this, they laid a wreath at the monument of Kiang Nangbah while in the evening, the 1st Kiang Nangbah Motor Cross Show-2022 was held at Iongkaskat Syntu Ksiar Stadium.
“He has a spirit of loyalty and love for the principles taught by the party, because in 2019 he lost his MDC ticket. the way that Maieit has taught.
He said that while the IOA & AA has not been implemented yet, the border with Assam and Bangladesh has not been resolved.
In view of these problems of fertility, the children have been witnessed to be the most vulnerable organs.
The deceased were identified as Kethosetou M from Kohima, Nagaland, student of Economics, Shreyan Roy from Assam, student of BSC Hospitality. Kethossetuo Kratsutsu of Kohima, who is studying BSC Hospitality at Assam Don Bosco University, said police are investigating the incident.
In addition, there will also be a 33% quota for Scheduled Caste or Scheduled Tribe women under this 33%.
Shillong: Meghalaya need five more wickets to win the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy against Arunachal Pradesh at the Mangaldai Stadium in Assam.
The purpose of the Fit India Movement is to ensure that participation in sports activities will make people healthy and free from diseases.
WJDSA Hon. General Secretary Lammat OO Laloo said that only players from affiliated clubs of WJDSA will be allowed to participate in the tournament. player for this tournament.
If this is true, it would be wrong to know only God or the Creator and one's relatives without knowing one's fellow human beings, especially the farmers or the farmers.
In June this year, the HNLC through the President of the HNYF, who is the ksiang, said that the HNLC has set rules and regulations. these rules because there are no rules on which the organization has been based from the beginning.
There are those who say that the word “choir” means to sing only religious songs.
God did not create human beings to think only of their own interests and gain.
However, every single member of the jury found something special about all of these ten books.
Ms Ampareen said the implementation of the project will go smoothly and the funds are needed for the construction of storage facilities at four locations in the city.
There are no people here and there who don't think and who pollute the environment.
Jowai: The PHE Quarter at Khim-u-sniang, Jowai, near the office of the Executive Engineer of the Rural Water Supply Division, has been closed since 12 noon today until further notice.
Love and grace are the new mindset of the New Testament or Church and these inspire and sustain Paul's whole life.
The residents of Namdong A village donated this money at a congratulatory meeting for Dawan Lyngdoh who is also the MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli at a meeting held at the Namdong A Sports Ground on Tuesday.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the police department is waiting for the report from the SPs of the districts to verify whether it is true that the police have been arrested. The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has been revived and about 500 of its members have been trained in Myanmar.
The village also received 623.4 mm of rainfall in 24 hours on July 8,
Many of these have made it unknown whether these attract tourists by spending so much money.
“On the allegation of involvement in the smuggling of coal, he said that if they have evidence to prove his involvement, he is ready to resign.
He said that only in the Nomination Committee can they change the office bearers, re-confirm the same or appoint another one and finally they will seek approval from the General Council.
This is due to the high water levels in the rivers and the floods from the Myntdu River and has caused a lot of damage after the collapse of the fields and the flooding of the rice fields. “It's not like I'm going to be able to go to the thiar,” said Bishar.
At the same time, he said the government is looking for ways to bring the rebel groups to the peace talks table with the government.
“The revenue released by the State Government and other revenues received by the Council have been used to pay the outstanding salaries of the members, employees and pensioners of the Council. “Besides the repayment of temporary loans taken from government departments and other expenses of the office,” said the CEM. In the year 2023-24, T.17,00,000 has been received through the Land Reform Scheme, while T.3,54,04,700 has been received for the schemes approved by the Central Government. as the 1st Installment of the Digital India Land Record Modernization Program (DILRMP),” he added.
On the Government's intention to introduce a Joint Venture in MCCL and the welfare of the employees, he said, “The Government provides financial assistance from time to time to the employees and we also provide financial assistance to the employees. “We have been informed and we have to find ways for the safety of the workers and they too have to be patient,” he said.
He said that thousands of people have died after taking allopathic medicines and said that the drugs, including Remdesivir, Faviflu and others, which have been approved The Drug Controller General of India (DRC) has confirmed that he has tested positive for covid
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government has warned and urged not to eat wild tits as they can pose a serious threat. punish the people severely.
There are 1,876 confirmed cases and 1,374 deaths.
He said that while the youth of the country are studying the history of the nation while the youth are carrying the responsibility of the community, that is the best contribution for us to live together with the people. the whole nation.
UP RMSA School beat Ummulong Presbyterian HS School 2-1
“The politicians are getting richer and richer while the people are getting poorer and poorer, which means that the money spent has gone somewhere,” he said.
The deterioration of the road has affected the expenses of the people to travel by motor vehicles and there are cases of tragic accidents especially in the cold weather because to travel on this road you have to walk for many hours. .
Keshav is a fugitive from the hands of the law and police are searching for him, said the SP. According to police, Keshav is a resident of 16 Jhalupara Shillong.
But there are other Offices – Oh wow, Mei! There are no words to explain.
The JPWO was formed on Saturday at a meeting held at the Indoor Hall of Chutwakhu, Jowai convened by former JHADC MDC Philemon Lyngdoh.
When asked whether there is a friendship between the NPP and the UDP, the NPP candidate said, “Yes, we are working together in the MDA II government but the election is an election”.
Shillong, June 06: The Lawadong, Law Kyntang, Law Shnong, Law Raid, Law Syiem, are the knowledge of the ancient Khasi to preserve and protect the environment which the world is now shocked and started to fight to preserve. and protect forests.
“With the existence of this club I hope that the children and youth of this area will have the opportunity to showcase their talents to the world and stand on their own feet,” said Sambor.
Serbian tennis star Novak Djokovic will not be able to take part in the Miami Open due to his injury. The Director of the Tournament, James Blake, said that although Novak is still in custody, he has not been vaccinated against COVID-1 The world number one and seven-time champion in the tournament has been refused entry to the country despite a fierce struggle by some senior officials. of the tournament to allow him to enter the country for the tournament to take place.
The incident happened at 10 pm, when she was stabbed to death in the early hours of the morning and on the village road. for it was in the midst of the city.
Both the teams tried to play well, but Umlyngka showed their skills and scored the first goal through Jolly Hynniewta in the 56th minute.
Such actions of the District Karbi Anglong authorities have disrupted the livelihood and work of the Hynniewtrep people living in these areas and also those who have to travel there.
Dr. Jasmine in her speech said that the reason why she voted for the National People's Party (NPP) is because she sees that there are great leaders who have overcome the biggest challenges in the country. Shillong, Jymmang 09: On 22nd June, 2022, the Career Guidance and Counseling Committee of Sohra Government College held a one-day workshop on the theme “Traditional Food – The Answer to address the challenges of climate change".
Ronny Star Lyngdoh (14min) and Samlanghaki Warlarpih (43min) scored the second goal for Laitkroh SC.
Kejriwal's arrest is a conspiracy between the BJP and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
In this case of the Laodicean church, many believers will fall away from the faith.
He expressed his anger by knocking on the table, saying that it is sad to be beaten by his colleagues.
In 2012, the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai had applied for permission from the Airport Authority of India to raise the height to 164 feet.
Drivers have been advised to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Recently when I was riding a taxi in Shillong, when I talked to the driver, after I introduced myself, the next question was how is the garbage in Jowai? The problems of garbage in Jowai have spread not only to the front of the Legislative Assembly, but also to the white tin.
The meeting was conducted by Rev. David T. Lhouvun, Senior Administrative Secretary.
Speaking to reporters, Kyrmenskhem Diengdoh, Plant Manager, said that about 12-13 thousand liters of milk are received daily and the milk market has decreased while the import of milk has increased. because dairy farmers do not have the means to market.
Shillong, Nailur 05: Senior Congress MLA Rowel Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Congress party can take action against Mawsynram MLA Pynshngain N Syiem if he continues to speak and act against the party. The party leaders have expressed their intention to fight against the government's resignation from the post of MDC after the Legislative Assembly passed the Prevention of Disqualification Amendment Bill, left and right.
Despite the encouragement of the people, Meghalaya could not turn the tide and in the end Mizoram won.
He said that today's protest is the news that the people do not want the Tenancy Bill in the state and the government should not waste time to consult with the people.
This is the amount of T.58.86 crore.
On the second day of the festival, the crowd flocked to Madan Kurkalang in Bhoirymbong to listen to the famous singers who came to perform.
The 51-member peace committee was set up by the Central Government under the leadership of the Governor of Manipur – Anusuiya Uikey.
This decision was announced to the Garoland supporters at a rally held on Saturday in Tura, which was attended by the Leaders of the State Demand Committees from different States.
He also explained that the defeat of the NPP candidate Bah Jason Mawlong in this election was due to the sudden appearance of the VPP candidate who has the shap u prah which has taken away the votes of the NPP. At the same time, he said that the defeat of the NPP candidate is because he joined the NPP too late and the time was short to explain to the people.
“KJP Assembly pastors are angry that Conrad has suspended the meeting...”Everyone who has watched and heard the pastors' speech on youtube has found that there are the words that are no longer appropriate to be spoken by the pastors.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday was questioned for more than nine hours by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with the incident of implementation in the Excise Department.
Shillong: The price of petrol in Shillong today rose to T.82 per liter and diesel to T.74 per litre.
In 2015, he took over as manager of the U-2
Furthermore, they found that some of the market dwellers have paid money to the Minister to get their dulir but till now they have not received any documents.
The contractor and the PWD Roads Central Division, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Jowai Bypass from Thadlaskein to Mihmyntdu, know the reason better.
Bah Sadon did not disclose the issues on which the talks will start, as he said that the talks will focus first on peace and how to conduct these talks.
On the other hand, the village leaders and residents of Khonshnong village in Iooksi Saphai area immediately rushed to the scene to provide assistance and immediately took the injured passengers to hospital.
"“Recently, there has been an increase in such terrible illegal incidents.
He congratulated the Irish leaders such as the Global School Room who have joined hands with KJDSTA to assist in the provision of education in this country and Jaintia.
Sanbor said that when he became an MDC, he received the title of the bravest MDC because he went to open ambulances, schools, bus stops. He said that 35 years ago, he was involved in the political parties, because he understood that a nation that does not move is a dead nation.
In the first match at 11:30 pm, Mawtawar SC beat Laitlyngkot SC by five goals.
Sonal Kelogg, a journalist, has accused a former United Progressive Alliance (UPA) minister of It is the senior leader of the Congress party, who used to rape and assault the journalist and other women.
However, as I said, there are still many needs for improvement and the government is preparing to bring in more departments for the completion of the sub-division,” he added.
SHILLONG: Despite the financial crisis, the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad K Sangma has continued to appoint political appointees. Vice Chairman.
Foreign traders under the banner of the Foreign Trade Chamber of Commerce Meghalaya (FTCCM) have demanded from the district administration to open trade with Bangladesh through the Tamabil port.
The case was registered at Jowai Police Station for further investigation.
Another issue raised by the Dorbar Shnong was on the harmful use of mobile phones by children under the age of 15 years.
There are WSHGs that promote Shynrai, Sying, Sohmynken, Riewhadem, jhur, rice, pigs, cattle, soh, jain, mula and shuki. and siej, food processing, contribution to charity for the poor, helping the needy, teaching the people in the villages to cleanse and eradicate evil in social works, teaching and educating children in manners and many other voluntary activities.
You mean what you say.
In the final match, Lumkhangdong Kyndong Tuber beat Nangbah Mooknor 3-2
“We don't know why the sign in Khyndailad was removed, but we have received information that they say it is a discriminatory sign,” said August.
“The Block said that the party from the state level is now in talks with a Riewpawkhmat of Sohra area who used to work for the development of the area and it is expected that this Rangbah will agree to join the party. I am the NPP candidate from Sohra Constituency,” said the statement.
The State Government has taken steps to curb the entry of foreign authorities by setting up Anti-Infiltration Check Posts/Check Gates, Land Customs Stations, Special Squads and District Task Forces.
He also expressed his gratitude to the people who are still coming to meet him, although he is no longer alive, especially the Rumnong community who have come to express their need for these items. sound equipment (PA System).
This was stated by Bah Jason S. Mawlong while inspecting the Quarantine Center at the building of Balawan College, Umsning. receives youth returning from abroad and at the same time, which is also a place prepared for other youth from abroad and who do not have adequate accommodation.
The Meghalaya senior cricket team is now preparing for the Ranji Trophy, which starts in November.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken Syiem, while speaking to reporters, expressed his satisfaction with the vision of the FKJGP to have a garbage dump. Until now, there has been no proper garbage dump where the garbage has been dumped in public places.
In the inspection led by Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, it was found that the prison does not have any history of the imprisonment of Tirot Singh.
“Therefore, we feel that there should be more names, for that reason we are waiting for 3-5 more names so that the Government can consider.
Therefore, you need to be careful in celebrating it.
Meanwhile, the MPs of the Opposition were no longer present in the Legislative Assembly during the election.
He said that Meghalaya has lost about T.1166.89 crore just due to the delay in completion of these projects.
Let it firm up and leave the skum for 5 days.
The DM&HO, while meeting with EJNC President Shanborlang Bamon, Diamon Bareh General Secretary and several office bearers, promised to direct the doctors of the Vertinary Department to inspect the farm. to be able to verify the death of cattle.
West Garo Hills of Meghalaya has scored 59 points.
“Churches and religious institutions should educate their members and discuss publicly so that they can see which candidate can contribute more to society and the state,” he added. .
It is understood that the reason why the Nongpoh MLA is angry with the promise of the state government is because he has heard the promises of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of State for Home Affairs. Hek said that the MCH Hospital in Umran will be temporarily converted into a covid-19 hospital which has been scheduled to be completed within 15 tanks of water. The day has not yet come.
He said that if people do not take action against this spread of the disease, the state will inevitably face a terrible problem and he urged the people to take action to inject themselves against the virus.
Or you can post your questions here.
However, the Health Department has not yet set up any Sub or Primary Center in the village because cleanliness and health should go hand in hand.
The other four candidates include Bah Sanbor of the BJP who received 76683 votes, THHS Boney (6580), Phira Rani (4961) and Samuel Hashah (4601 votes).
Therefore, he said that the reason why the Police of Ri Bhoi, have been accused of not doing anything, maybe because the Police do not inform the public through the media, when regarding the seizure of a coal truck by the Police.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU-EJHDU) takes this opportunity to wish all the children of Niamtre a happy Behdieñkhlam. It will be a smooth running and will drive away the various diseases of this world especially where we can drive away the various diseases that come to strike every inhabitant of this world. .
However, Lyngwa said, “The peace talks will continue and if anyone commits illegal acts, we will have to take punishment against them.
Meghalaya, a few decades ago, had the most beautiful landscape in the country and in the world because it had the most beautiful valleys, trees, the flowers, the mountains, the rivers, or even the birds, the animals, and the thirty kinds of creatures that still produce beautiful sounds to stimulate the mind of man when he walks around in the morning. in the evening with a strong wind from the trees.
He said that he would give his cooperation to improve the school and urged the teachers and students to work hard to improve it.
The four BJP MDCs Lakhon Biam, Dawan Lyngdoh, Krison Langstang and J Treilang Suchiang said this while talking to reporters at the conference hall of Infinity Restaurant on Friday.
The 12 have joined the Trinamool Congress and are expected to become the largest opposition party in the 60-member state assembly.
He said that they also discussed how to improve the Entry-Exit Points for foreigners.
“Kiang Nangbah gave his life to fight against the French and to die for the rights of the indigenous people of the state,” he added.
Speaking to media, UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh said that in the meeting with the Minister of Law, the UDP has given the best suggestions which can be accepted by all. There are no ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
But in the end, even if you beg and plead, not everyone will be able to open and sit in the shop until midnight, just as not everyone will be able to stay outside their homes. sem to-day at 10 o'clock in the morning.
The program was conducted by the Manager CSR of Star Cement, Kingsok.
According to Kong Rangad, the meeting will discuss which issues the government has done and which issues have not been done out of the nine issues that have already been submitted.
Last year I talked to my teacher about this song and I learned that it has 6 verses.
The house is covered during the rainy season and covered during the summer.
Ritu Raj top scored with 24 runs from 17 balls while Sillang R Marak tied 21 runs off 26 balls for NGH at 6.43 runs per over.
He suggested that the government should build cooperation with the Dorbar Shnongs to curb the influx of foreigners.
Shillong: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSA) today announced that they have called off their strike after the government has asked for 10 months. shall pay in full all their remaining salary of 5 months and also to pay the arrear.
The UDP Youth also criticized the committee of Bah DD Lapang appointed by the government for sitting idle until now without doing anything.
This month we have the Football World Cup which will be another lesson for the youth , so they should see how the players of the countries of the world can take the example of the youth to have “The goal is that one day they will be able to compete with the skills of the players in the World Cup,” said the chief guest.
The tournament came after all the districts of the state have been able to hold the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet and have also selected the best athletes to lead the tournament.
Explaining the facts according to the documents he has collected, he said that first of all he stands at that place as a young man of the jaitbynriew and when he sees that the old man stands on the basis of firm and clear and fair grounds, he should show the facts and point out that what a candidate has taken advantage of and admit that the Tyrsad PHC was brought by him, shows that this candidate despise the people and their wickedness.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The drama interview of AICC Meghalaya Chairman Mukul Wasnik has been very different from the incident in the Congress party in the state where Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, one of the leaders of the party, has been arrested. The opponents of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma have been invited for an interview at the Pinewood Hotel, unlike other Congress leaders. The interview was held at the Congress office in Khyndai Lad.
The Directorate of Food Processing, Meghalaya, Shillong has announced that it will provide assistance to small food processing factories in the state to obtain subsidized equipment.
Do you know what Quarantine means? When they are educated, they act like fools who don't know A and B. These actions of them are just foolish and anger the government.
Techi Neri was the top scorer for Arunachal Pradesh with 11 runs.
NABH is the body that oversees the performance and service quality of hospitals in India and is also part of the Quality Council of India (QCI), a national body that promotes and maintains quality in many countries. sides across the country.
“Bah Hamlet is a man who never forgets his promise, he follows the issues whether it is the ILP, the demarcation of the border or the issue of uranium, which are the issues that he Since he was in the KSU until now, many people have changed when they have entered politics but Bah Hamlet is clear that his entry into politics is “It is a sign that he is a true leader,” said Conrad.
However, the government from the Minister in charge of Agriculture to the officers have made it clear that this has no effect and it is safe to eat meat, but the meat should be from pigs or They are healthy and strong and are not affected by the disease that is currently spreading in the state.
KHLIEHRIAT : The Rural & Urban Development Society (RUDS) East Jaintia Hills District is one of the NGOs working for the welfare and development of the rural and urban areas in the district. to strongly oppose the public hearing of Star Cement on its proposal to expand the coal mine at Brishyrnot village, Narpuh District, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) has recently appealed to the State Government to remove the Entry Tax Gate set up by KAAC at Khanduli within 10 days. The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) regarding the discrimination against the Khasi-Pnar people by the Karbi who prevent the Khasi-Pnars from going to the market and seeking treatment at the health centres. don't go to Meghalaya.
When I was appointed as a teacher, I helped my students to build science models and to enjoy the subject of science.
"Why didn't you understand?" said Hiram. "Don't bring me back to those times when I felt like praying," she said. "Oh! how?" and when the child was born, he was born. Hiram said, “You don't remember that I told you everything before I went with you and you said that what has happened has happened and you say that you don't feel anything else that I have told you the truth.” “It's enough for you, I'm just talking,” said Hiram. “You shouldn't ask them anymore.
· The Uniform Civil Code shall apply throughout India.
Several programs were held at the Byrnihat Centre, which was attended by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, office bearers of Byrnihat Sports Association and others.
The Act is in accordance with Article 191 of the Constitution, which states that a member who holds office in the State Legislative Assembly or District Council shall be removed if he or she fails to do so. take whatever chair he earns money.
On this basis, the HNYF, NR, has gone to close down banks including State Bank of India, Axis Bank, Canara Bank, Bhandhan Bank and others. banks.
I don't know if I'm going to see you again..." Niakha asked Rida. "I don't want to ask you, Kong, how are you now? You've been out of school for two months. seh...?" Niakha and Rida were surprised.
According to the residents of this area, the surprising thing is that the incident of landslide in this area is the reason why the poor working methods in this area have been exposed.
The KSU Sona Pyrdi Unit has reminded that earlier, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) had submitted a report on the change in the color of the river. The death of fish is due to the spill of acid dew from the coal mines.
The Prime Minister said that his Government has tried its best to do something about this situation and hopes that the rain will fall.
Briefing the Suo Motu case in the Legislative Assembly, the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday, informed the House that the District Magistrate has ordered the case. Additional District Magistrate PK Boro has ordered an inquiry into the escape of six prisoners.
He said that in fact the CRPF has been deployed as additional security forces in any incident of violence.
According to the source, after conducting an investigation, the police learned that the complainant had committed the crime many times against the child. and he shall smite him with harsh words, if he shall tell anyone.
The CDPO, ICDS Saipung Project, R.Bareh, gave a detailed explanation on the Poshan Pakhwada 2022 which has been celebrated for two months. children under 6 years of age at Aganwadi Centres, programs were also conducted for women and explanation on the need to conserve water, rainwater harvesting, as well as a program to encourage and explained the importance of eating traditional foods that are nutritious for the health of mother and baby, as well as taught how to change the lifestyle known as to behavioral change.
Therefore, young men and women who are interested in this job are invited to collect the application forms from the office of the undersigned on any working day.
“I am not a leader who has to go and collect money from the people,” said HDR Lyngdoh.
There are also those who have been able to employ young people who do not need employment.
Therefore, the time has come for Meghalaya to split into two states, Hynniewtrep State and Achik/Garo State.
He said the ECI can only send its officers to the state and as of now, the state is ready to hold the Lok Sabha elections.
Toi, the State, the Country and society need peace and justice.
The lucky draw tickets will be drawn with the same tickets which were released by the club on December 16, 2023 by Justin Dkhar Ex MLA at the club office.
“Human trafficking has three components – the act, the transfer from one place to another and the reason.
They said that there will be many performances from music through famous bands like Snow White and others. They invited the people of Ri-Bhoi and other places to witness this festival for the good cause that the group has a purpose.
The Act states that if a woman is gang raped under Section 376D of the Indian Penal Code (45 of 1860), she shall be fined T.8 lakh. and T.25,000 tyngka to the family of the woman and the money should be paid in half after confirmation from the doctors that she was raped. and he shall be punished after the court has passed the judgment.
When you want to seat the blind, first hold their hands behind the seat and then let them sit slowly.
Through this integrated farming, households who have received training from agricultural experts farm with integrated farming and are able to work all four seasons with higher yields.
Meanwhile, the report said that the date of the MDC elections will be decided before the Cabinet meeting.
Police said the district administration has taken all necessary measures and senior police officials have rushed to the spot to conduct a search operation.
Shillong, June 10 : The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SFA) on Tuesday appointed John F Kharshiing as its President for the term 2023-2 The General Secretary was appointed by Bah Neil Sootinck.
In 1918-20, the Spanish Flu almost destroyed us.
Shillong, Lber 20 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that Meghalaya is one of the few states which has received additional funds from the Central Government (Addl T.300 crore as a bonus for fully implementing the Capital Investment Fund (CIF).
Nebuchadnezzar's hair was like the hair of a lion, and his hair was like the hair of a bird.
The Lyntijam Welfare Development Association (LWDC) has decided to hold the Sunfest Cup for the past two years due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The 6th Edition Football Sunfeast Cup 2022 will be held at two stadiums in Ri Bhoi District including Mawlein Mawkhan Stadium and Jyntru Village Stadium.
The General Secretary of the UDP, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said, “In the letter which we have given until 7th June to reply, Bah Pynshngaiñ has asked for time and said. He said that he will speak at the Executive Committee meeting and the PDF meeting on the 16th of June (which means tomorrow) and will send a reply to the UDP the next day, but this shows that he has not replied,” he said. and Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
Therefore, keep this day as the day of the season when God gives God's greatest gift to His only begotten Son.
Kartik Pawar scored (2/26), captain Akash Kumar (2/27), Lokesh Turaha (2/55) and Md Nafees (1/43).
He added that the four MLAs did not feel the need to inform MPCC President VH Pala about this decision and let him know through social media.
“Farmers and workers are the backbone of the country.
Khliehmawlieh scored three goals to qualify for the final when Mainingstar Marngar scored the first goal in the 45+1 minute, Livingstone. Nongrang scored the second goal in the 64th minute and Kyntiew Myrthong scored the third goal in the 90th minute.
Shillong: The NPP Jaiaw Circle Unit in the 17th North Shillong Constituency, today confirmed its office bearers at a meeting held at the Jaiaw Community.
At this meeting, the Forum not only received a detailed letter of support from hundreds of villages in Shella Bhalaganj C&RD Block and Khatar Shnong-Laitkroh C&RD Block, but also presented a presentation. on the screen of the map of Sohra which should become a new District.
Dohtdong also criticized the KHADC for appointing Ainam Manik Syiem as Acting Chief for almost three years while according to the law, the Acting Chief should be appointed within six months.
In his resignation letter, Bah Marshal Biam said that he and his members have decided together that they want to withdraw from the UDP. unavoidable reasons.
He warned the FKJGP not to interfere and revive this issue but otherwise the FKJGP will not hesitate to fight and do what it should do.
India is one of the countries in the world that will be affected in this way as parts of western India are surrounded by ocean waters such as parts of the Arabian Sea, Indian Ocean and Bay of Bengal.
Because over the years, the government has been passing laws that have a huge impact on the Nation, especially regarding the ownership of land, forests, natural resources and The main reason is that paragraph 12 A (b) has not yet been amended.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 11: Unidentified robbers have robbed the room of the Principal of Mawthawpdah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and stolen T.3 lakh.
Shillong, July 8: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that the Village Administration Bill passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is without purpose and does not explain how people can apply for residence permits. but the nation is destroyed.
The indigenous people in these areas live and work in small villages and it is estimated that 90 percent are rural and less than 60 percent live and work in towns and cities.
In Mawlai, Jaiaw and Mawprem areas, many children were playing football, cricket and cycling in the middle of the road.
U Bah Joseph Lyngdoh, 76/MAddress: Umsaw Nongkharai, Ri BhoiAdmitted on 17-05-2021 in Civil Hospital, ShillongExited on: 18-05-2021Cause of death: Covid Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesU Bah Franklin Kharbani, 61/MAddress: Maw Mawdatbaki, EK HillsAdmitted on 17-05-2021 in Civil Hospital, ShillongExpired on : 19-05-2021Cause of death: Covid Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesKa kong Jannie Jane Mawrie, 56/FAddress: Iawmusiang, WJ 2921Brought5 on- HillsBrought5 to Dr.Norman Tunnel Hospital, JowaiExpired on : 19-05-2021Cause of death: Covid Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesKa kong Iorsibon Sutnga, 59/FAddress: Sutnga, EJ HillsAdmitted on 17-05-2021 in Khlieh8xriat 1HC on Shillong -2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesU Bah Osbert Cooper Kharkongor, 40/MAddress: Laban, EK HillsAdmitted on 03-05-2021 in Nazareth Hospital, ShillongExpired on 19-05-2021Cause of death: Covid-Covid-2 Ritina Tron, 50/FAddress: Sunny Hill, Block 5 Shillong, EK HillsBrought died on 18-05-2021 to Nazareth Hospital, ShillongCause of death: Covid -19 Positive with co-morbiditiesKa kong Lisen Khongjoh, 38/FAddress: Nongpoh, Bah Lamborlang Kharmawphlang, 38/MAddress: Nongrim Hills, EK HillsAdmitted on 18-05-2021 in NEIGRIHMS Hospital, ShillongE208:2Case- 1 Covid-19 PneumoniaKa kong Aislin Kharmalki, 84/FAddress: Lummawbah, EK HillsAdmitted on 15-05-2021 in Dr.H.G.Roberts Hospital, ShillongExpired on : 18-05-2021Cause of death: Covid Pneumonia Khri kong Basuk with co- 40/FAddress: Mawlai Mawdatbaki, EK HillsAdmitted on 13-05-2021 in Dr.H.G.Roberts Hospital, ShillongExpired on : 18-05-2021Cause of death: Covid PneumoniaU Bah Biksting D.Sangma, 65, RongA jewangA Hills Address: on 17.05.2021 in Williamnagar Civil Hospital,Expired on : 18-05-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesKa kong Iohi Dkhar, 87/FAddress: Wahiajer, WJ HillsAdmitted on 16-10 Wood in Wood land , Sabah,WJHExpired on : 19-05-2021Cause of death: Covid Pneumonia.
The pipes are 750 mm and it cannot be said that the over-release will exceed 750 mm because the release of water is done in one piece.
Even if you don't know how to count, you should know and learn to count with a clean memory (not with a computer or calculator as you do today).
According to the Air Quality Index (AQI) released by the Central Pollution Control Board, Byrnihat has recorded an AQI of 302, which is the worst urban area in the country.
On the other hand, Dr Mukul alleged that the MDA government has no responsibility to implement the MRSSA and for this reason it has delayed the implementation of the Bill and has brought about to the amendment, in this Act.
Police have taken the body to Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong for post mortem.
John Kharshiing said that this was announced by Yash Gurung, CEO & Founder Director, Asporea, Siliguri and his officers at a meeting held on the 27th of this month in Shillong.
The district administration of West Karbi Anglong District led by DC Krishna Baruah and SP I Barua held a meeting with the Karbi leaders at Tahpat on Friday morning.
The Israeli army has sent a tweet to Hamas militants saying that its troops are on the ground and are engaged in physical fighting with the militants. The Israeli statement prompted Hamas militants to draw out their weapons hidden in specially built caves and to fight Israeli troops.
Furthermore, the government has ordered that pre-recorded music be played only in urban areas.
He said that New Shillong will not only be a place for the rich but will also be a place for foreigners.
He also reminded them not to waste their time, but to focus on what they have learned at the training center and to be smart and stingy and avoid the temptation to but because once it is overwhelmed, it destroys the brain and the mind.
The protest will intensify as the days go by if the government does not repeal the Bill.
Medical teams and ambulances have been deployed at the railway station, and all 137 passengers have been checked, the official said.
As of Saturday morning, about 350 ksih have been buried to prevent and control the spread of the disease to animals in the villages and livestock. in human villages.
He expressed his disagreement with the word Member and the word Minister.
Regarding the lack of authority to allocate funds for the National Highway, the union suggests to the government to issue the NOC to the PWD department of the state or to the EE Nongstoin Division, so that it can improve and and he built this road.
It has spread throughout the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills.
On this day, the students took part in answering the questions and there were some questions that all the students who participated could not answer and even the public who attended could not. to be answered by the interviewers.
Tura, Jymmang 25: Speaking at the election campaign of the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad K. Sangma, he urged the people of Tura and the state to vote for the people of Tura and the state. Remember that the registration of the EVM is not only for one day but for the next five years.
Two UDP leaders, Senstar G Momin, Vice-President of the UDP and President of the Rongjeng Election Committee of the UDP; Penchal Marak, Secretary of the UDP Election Committee in the constituency.
“Now the remaining six disputed areas we have put in the second phase and the discussion on this we can arrange to start in July or November this year,” he said. Sarma.
They were brought back at 12.30 pm today at Kibithu, on the India-China border.
It is for this reason that they have seen with their own eyes that the illegal mining and trade of coal continues in the state and now in West Khasi Hills. FIR so that the police can take all necessary action according to the law.
His last T20I appearance for India was on 27th June 2019 against Australia.
Shillong: The donation of the people for the Meghalaya Chief Minister Relief Fund has reached T8 crore, said the Chief Secretary Prestone Tyngsong.
Adding to this, the SP (City) Bah Vivek Syiem said that the traffic jam due to the narrowness of the road is the main reason and the traffic jam increases when there are drivers who want to get away. continue to overtake all other moving vehicles.
He was buried at the cemetery of Nongsawlia Church on Saturday 25th November 1908 with a great crowd.
There was also a condemnation of the continuous search of the KSU members, because as it is now, the police are searching for the KSU members, it seems that the KSU members are the most dangerous insurgents in the country. In this regard, there have been allegations that all this is due to the violence by the DC and SP of Ri Bhoi.
The theme of the Work Camp is “Toilet Cleanliness and Preservation of Water Sources”.
Amit Saraf from East Khasi Hills won the first prize, Silkam came second, Barbit Sangma fourth and Bensing G. Momin fourth.
Bah Readington Marweiñ lives in Mawiongrim with his wife, children and relatives.
Nongpoh, July 09: The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) today inaugurated the Hindu Crematorium in Nongpoh. Khnap Thangbru is located in Umshangling, about 4 km from Nongpoh.
According to the report of the Comptroller and Audit General (CAG), the inefficient expenditure of the Board has resulted in a loss of public money of T.6.02 crore.
During the search, police recovered 4.5 grams of heroin, 237 nitrozepam tablets and 45 injection needles and T.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Sein Raij Jowai.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, NPP officials said that they don't want to elect as many candidates as they can but they want the candidate they elect to be strong.
The Seng also said that any attempt to link this seizure of money with the Chief Minister is groundless and unfounded.
Therefore, those who still want to enter Meghalaya will not be allowed to enter or play in Assam.
The rivers flowing into the Brahmaputra from the Khasi Jaintia Hills are – Khri, Khrisynnia, Tyrsung, Umiam Khwan, Umtru, Umsiang, Umkhen, Myntang, Myntriang, Umiurem, Waikhyrwi and Mynriang rivers. bad Coupling River.
We spend T
When asked about his goal if he comes back to power in 2023, Bah Rapsang said that there are still many needs that the constituency needs such as families, low income women, youth. There is still a need for unemployment and other problems faced by the constituency.
The SNSBH has not approved the suggestion of Bah Mawphniang to meet with the Prime Minister after he called for a meeting with the SNSBH. Kylla said the SNSBH's refusal to meet Dr. Mukul Sangma was on the grounds that the invitation was only to discuss the VAB but it did not specify to discuss other issues. .
Recalling that before the MLA election 2018, he had raised the issue that if he wins, he would develop the constituency with various development projects. village as well as the residents of the village.
The price of diesel has also increased by 19 paise to T.78.26 per liter, the highest price in Mumbai in recent years. day.
In the scoring, Parvaj Bhuiya also scored in the 69th minute for Lajong.
Stroke happens gradually but the effects can last a lifetime, causing many to become paralyzed.
The demand of the Sengbhalang for a fair share in the government's employment is for the benefit of the youth among their fellow citizens, and should not be different between the youth from Jaintia Hills and the youth from Jaintia Hills. and Khasi Hills.
Therefore, the time from the birth of the piglets until the mother leaves to feed them is the time that should be taken more seriously because the mortality of piglets is high during this period.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, an employee of the site, Krishna Bahadur Limbu, said that he and his brother were coming the night before the incident.
The scheme has been spent by the MDCs, MLAs and MPs to build roads, footpaths, streets, community halls and others as well as to distribute plastic chairs, water tops, shatris, blankets, cooking utensils. cooking, and other personal needs of the constituents.
He said that the people are angry with the local parties for this reason and for now he will stay alone not to join the NPP and he will take a decision later.
I started studying every day along with going to tution three times a day and sometimes when I didn't understand I would ask Sir.
Who is to blame for the backwardness of the villages in the 12 districts of the State in the past 49 years? Do the people elect the Leaders or the Leaders? The backwardness of the State in terms of education, roads, roads, or health, if we talk about the truth, is the lack of attention of the Government.
Lynti Jam Football Center in collaboration with SPT Sports Bangalore has organized this tournament every year to promote football and to showcase the talents of youngsters and children. teams from across the state came to take part in the men's and women's tournament divided into U-13 for men and U-16 for women and men.
Hollywood reports that Guy Ritchie has stopped using real weapons in 'The Covenant' after the loss of a human life in 2021 just because of it. The tyngshop who leads a film is wrong.
Mawkyrwat, March 26: Speaking at the party headquarters in Mawkyrwat, the State President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) today said that and the appointment in any department should be in accordance with the rules and not arbitrarily.
He said that the budget for the road is T.19.88 crore but after the Technical Audit, it could not be completed on time, as there are still many works pending. after the release of T/ 18.57 crore.
“What church do you belong to...” “Presbyterian Church Father...” Bahnah replied quickly. “I am like you...” Riia looked at Bahnah in her heart and said, “This man has a church. good spirit and good manners.
On the part of the Zonal Selection Committee, the Zonal Selection Committee has had to think carefully before registering the names of the players who will lead, by reviewing the list and their qualifications. in the BCCI tournaments from the 2022-23 and 2023-24 seasons, to include 15 players in the squad.
Process T Sawkmie of KHNAM, Gervasis Kharmujai of UDP, Panborlang L. Ryntathiang of HSPDP and Teibor Pathaw of Congress.
He said that there is nothing in the new OM to state that the roster system will be implemented from now on as agreed and approved by the government at the meeting with the political parties. The Government has been implementing the Roster System since 1972 and while it is keeping records in the registers, this shows that the Roster System will be the same from the beginning and not from now on.
Shortly after the quake, the US Tsunami Warning System announced that there would be no earthquakes or tsunamis in the Western Hemisphere. US at this time.
This village is about 20 kms away from Mawkyrwat which is the Head Quarter of the District but it is from a village where no vehicles have been passed.
Speaking on the occasion, James met with members of the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabhandak Committee (SGPC), a group of Sikhs from Amritsar, Punjab accompanied by Punjabis living in the metor area.
It is to be recalled that 40 days ago, the members and office bearers of FKJGP, Mairang Circle resigned by flagging down the party in Mairang. The new office bearers of Mairang Circle.
He was also an example to all his children and relatives in his spirit of greatness.
As one of the environmentalists, I would like to say that it is necessary for the village authorities, hima and government authorities to take action to educate the residents that they should have an understanding and determination to protect the environment. forests and to be concerned in the jhum cultivation of the fields prepared for cultivation to avoid the fire of hills, rivers or forests.
I feel that the mid-term elections in those vacant constituencies should be held soon,” said Bah Nongrem.
If this continues after 49 years of independence, what will be the point of getting our own state?
So we hope that in the next meeting, it will be fruitful," Dhar said.
On the problems faced by the education department from time to time regarding the salaries of teachers, Rakkam said that this problem has to be addressed. He has already spoken to the Prime Minister since the day he was appointed to look after the department.
Joyfie Nongrum, CC Incharge Umling C&RD Block, Flora Makri, VO President, Riti Makri, VO Secretary, Rophael Makri, Rangbah Umtumur, Silvanus Makri, Rangbah Umsehkhlieng and others were present on the occasion. others.
The Minister said that a nation that is still fighting and protesting is a living nation.
“This is not his job but it is the job of the police to find out the truth,” said FKJGP Secretary General Eldie N. Lyngdoh in a statement.
“I am not a doctor, I am a medicine man,” said Bah Donbor.
Shillong, July 2023: Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday handed over a work order of 10 lakh tyngka for the construction of a community hall in Mawlai. in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Dr. Marco Mitri, Rangbah Dong, Village Authority, Elders, Women and others.
Paul also spoke about the salary of the Poshan workers which has not been paid for four months and the Union Minister has promised to release it within two months.
“Regarding the elections, let him (Dr Mukul) think for himself how to win because the people's dissatisfaction with the leaders whether they are MLAs or MDCs happens everywhere.
He would just say ‘Let’s get started’.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Khrobor Shylla, Member of the Executive Durbar and Minister Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki IAS, on Tuesday declared containment area for Khliehriat East and Khliehriat West.
The case between the two cases is still pending before the District Council Court which has not been able to issue any decision for many years.
Defense Minister Amit Shah recently said at a public meeting in Jharkhand that the Government of India will implement the NRC across India by 2024 and will complete the NRC. all the foreigners who entered India.
In the Under-14 Boys, KB Memorial Secondary School, Wapung beat Chiehruphi Secondary School 3-1 in the tie breaker.
The Seng has been working closely with the government and police authorities especially at this time when all the people are worried about the COVID-19 pandemic. At the same time, FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit urges all Circles and FKJGP members to protect their own people through various means. Units within the border of North Khasi Hills to be vigilant against the illegal entry of foreigners and at the same time to work harder from now on, the statement said. This was announced by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP.
The decision of the PDF was made clear at a meeting held today at the Iing Dorbar of RL Iew Rambrai where the leaders of the PDF from Shillong, welcomed Bah Synran Nongshlong and The Zonal Committee of the PDF in Rambrai Constituency was also formed with Bah Nongshlong as its President.
He said that on receiving the summons from the SDO of Hamren, he sent a complaint to the DC of Ri-Bhoi to take action, but the DC Nongpoh has not taken action. something.
They also said that they face problems in relation to water and sometimes they have to fetch water from the Umshing River or even buy it.
This was announced by Jinarson Marak Headman of Umriangkona Village and Histing Sangma, Second President of Mawblang Village, in an interview with this reporter.
It is their responsibility to explain.
Pala also confirmed that if the Congress comes to power, it will increase the salary of job card workers under the MGNREGS scheme from T.238 to T.400 per day. .10 crore corpus fund to all districts to address various issues within the districts of the state.
Look at Iewduh, the shops have been closed down by non-Khasis, those who have never known before have shops in Ïewduh because the Khasi want to become owners by staying at home and giving to non-Khasis. They don't want to give to the Khasi because they can't pay the price.
It may be recalled that the HPC had requested the government for 200 square meters of land to build houses for these 342 households and the land should be within the European Ward but this was rejected. by the government.
“Personal assistance, I send to the party units in the villages to select the people who should benefit but public schemes, I give to the Rangbah Shnong and party leaders,” he said. Mr. Rowel.
Regarding the use of money in the elections, Angela said that all the political leaders in power have raised their voices to fight corruption but the She also urged the people to examine their lifestyle, travel and all aspects whether what they say matches their work.
Curiously, although all the projects that have been promoted on the list in the text mention that they are already in operation, none of them have been witnessed on the ground.
The rebuilding of the Third Temple marked the beginning of the next three and a half years when the Israelites would be able to offer daily sacrifices again.
Speaking to media, the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that he wants to make public the Edge-10 report which has already been announced by the Minister. Rangbah Conrad K.Sangma, to inform the public that Meghalaya is blessed to have children and youth, who have many talents and are not able to train. in sports activities.
At this meeting, it was agreed to appoint Samla Sangkey Shangpung who has completed his M.Sc and has continued to complete his Ph.D.
At the meeting, it was decided to inspect the area at Lawsohtun where the army has allegedly invaded by erecting a well and this has damaged the drinking water wells. the village.
Earlier, Apandanka took 3/43 in 13 overs, but today it was Thakuria's turn to take 6/23 in 11.2 overs after Arunachal. were restricted to 116 runs in 40 overs.
Marak said there is a shortage of 43-44 mw of electricity in the state. He said there is a demand of 214 mw but the state has been able to supply only 171 mw of electricity.
Today, the team will play against Hyderabad.
Ma Channel Lamurong, Member of the Dorbar Shnong, said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided to suspend Wolling Lamurong from his post as Secretary Managing Committee of the Dorbar Shnong for his misconduct.
The Meghalaya Jeet Kune Do Association (MJKA), which was established in Meghalaya in 2012, has already held six state level Jeet Kune Do Championships. it has not provided any assistance yet.
Shillong, Nailar 25 : U MLA of Mawlai constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie today donated a donation to a child who will go to Kerala to compete in Wushu to Kerala. You will be able to visit Mawlai Nongpdeng today.
The program was attended by Seven Sisters Secondary School, Mawmitbah, Mawkyrwat Presbytery Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir, Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir. Kerlin Higher Secondary School, Mawten, Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, Sharakrit Secondary School, Nongkenbah and Nolikata Higher Secondary School, Ranikor where these schools participated in two categories namely the Aptitude Test and the Presentation.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : Meghalaya bowler Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva created history against Odisha in the third day of the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy on Tuesday. century, in the defeat of the team.
Because from his family came great and famous leaders, of course there are families that produce leaders but not all children or from the father will become leaders, many families produce leader only one of or more than two whom I find is a father or a mother or a child.
It is embarrassing to watch and listen especially when foreigners including the lyndan come.
It is learned that there are still many bodies, which are still floating on the water, at the time of writing.
In order to produce the second edition of the film, the Committee of Farmers on 15th June 2023 held a meeting at Pahamrioh, where the The Committee has decided to produce the second part of the film, after the first part has been produced with the aim of sharing information about the farmers. agriculture for the farmers in the District and the state as a whole.
He said the NPP will take a decision on the distribution of the cabinet seat among the MLAs once it has completed its discussions.
The gold medal has helped the team to stay in the race for the NEOG 2022 title, as Manipur beat Assam by 10 points. 78 to 75 and now has reached 79 gold medals.
In the past few months we have seen that there have been new names for some of these roads and villages within the boundary of Shillong which the Government has already issued. or publicly announced and not published in the newspapers.
The JSU strongly condemns this demand of the union because it is unfounded.
According to sources, until now, no flights have operated in the evening from MBB Airport after 7:40 PM due to the lack of flights. In this regard, the Prime Minister has already sent a letter to the Central Government to send more CISF security personnel to the MBB airport so that the the operation of aircraft at night.
In the old days when men had to travel around the country to earn a living for the family, they had to write the raieh raidam and leave the women to look after the household.
“The actions of Thomas Jones are surprising because even those friends who opposed him from the Christian Churches, or even those who supported the Khasi Seng, Seng Khihlang and others, did not know how to start afresh on another basis in writing. and the writing of history,” said Pastor Snaitang.
Macmilan Kharshandy was killed in the shooting incident at Jatah village. The seriously injured are Teiborlang Kharbangar and Ricky Dkhar. Alfred Sohtun, Vishal Deb Merma, Bijay Singh, Rohit Suting, Banteilang Kharumnuid and Pappu Deka.
This is my last writing, I will not appear again, I will not write anything else because I don't have to walk this path which will be a curse to our nation because God sees.
Since the beginning of the Davis Cup, the player has found it difficult to play well and has lost from the first match.
“This disease will spread if we don't do it now,” said the West Shillong MLA.
In this regard, the Government has decided to build a 2.5 acre plot of land at Cotton Bishop Road where the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) office is located. She has asked the government for 200 square meters of land for each household, to build a house for them and to provide them with land in the European Ward.
“In Uttar Pradesh, such incidents have increased from 70 in 2020 to 183 in 2022,” he said.
The Word of God therefore reminds us – “Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might: let not the rich man glory in his riches” (Jeremiah 9:23). .
The Supreme Court of India has strongly criticized the present BJP government for imposing too strict a lockdown across the country. The income of the country has decreased.
Shillong: U Manuel Badwar, Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC), on Tuesday said that the Mangtyng introduced by the Prime Minister today is only for the purpose of medicine.
The Meitei can become tribal.
AITC State President Charles Pyngrope today said that the party has decided to contest from both the seats from Shillong and Tura in the Lok Sabha elections to be held this year. to come.
As soon as the MDA Government took over in 2018 under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma of the NPP, it started to stir up strict rules against non-Government teachers.
The road from Nandi Ram Lane to Madan Laban to Assamese Namkhar has been named Nomiwel Rynjah.
The Assistant Director of Horticulture, Mushroom Development Centre, Upper Shillong, which is a department under the Directorate of Horticulture, has revealed that there are 18 species of wild mushrooms suitable for eating in the State.
It may be recalled that in the 37th National Games held in Goa, Meghalaya did not win a single bronze medal.
He announced the curfew on Facebook.
He said that after learning about the incident, the village immediately informed the police so that they can take action according to the rules of law.
Thus Satan has created other ways to attack man through many kinds of temptations.1) Man has been taught to earn money by unrighteousness2) He has been taught to deceive and deceive others3) To despise the poor and the small, who have no authority ei4) To be proud of wealth5) He also teaches to worship God but not to obey all His commandments6) To obey the teachings of man, to show that it is right to follow his teachings too7) He also teaches to smile at churches so that people do not see their inner nature8) To abuse them sacrifice for the household if you can't, it's not bad, think again later, or if you can't fix it, forgive it too, God must forgive9) It should be done specially when you are elected to be 10) When you are elected you must understand that it is God who has elected you. lei11) You should be more resourceful when you are elected.
Prestone urged the government to continue to work hard and especially to strive for the development of humanity. you man play chess.
“The synthetic track is the scheme of Khelo India and before the election we should be able to open it to the public along with the gallery and tunnel or the entry and exit points for the players,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. He said that West Jaintia Hills District with the construction of the WJDSA will be able to develop sports over time.
The Chief Minister also expressed his gratitude for the awards on the National Youth Day which is also the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda.
The program was attended by the Magistrate of Civil Sub Division, Union of Waheh Shnongs of War area, Rangbah Shnongs.
Therefore, the public is requested to avoid traveling to Mawngap and some parts of Shillong except when necessary,” he said.
Sangti Janai Shianglong was named player of the match after scoring two goals in the first leg of the match against East Bengal.
The JSU has been following up on this issue from time to time and on 24th July 2016 the JSU leaders in the presence of the President and Vice President of NEHUSU together with Prof.H Lamin, met with the VC Prof.SK Srivastava of NEHU promised to appoint this committee for the purpose of expediting the works of this department which has already allocated about Rs 600 lakh by NEHU at Wahiajer Village.
The Fire Brigade and Ummulong Village Police Station rushed to the scene and found that the flames had burnt down all the belongings inside the house.
At the same time, the Second Amendment Bill, 2012 was also introduced.
One of the former Ministers of Mylliem Hima, Minister Kharbuki, said that the resignation of the former Acting Syiem came after about 8 or 9 officials lodged a complaint against him in the District. Council and among these chiefs there were also those who were close to the Syiem of Mylliem.
Keishing Clifford Nongrum was a brave son of the State, who died in the Kargil War in Batalik Sector on 1st November
The four persons who have been allegedly deprived of this scheme include (1) Skem Kurbah, (2) Thim Kyrsian, (3) Jwim Basalarmaw, (4) Bron Nongrum and (5) Kong Question Room.
The tournament was hosted by the winners of Madankynsaw Got Talent Season-1 and the women of the Village Organization.
If we don't surprise people and if we allow such violence, the time will come when the work of the community will be attacked by dictators.
Kurbah expressed his pleasure that he had the opportunity to meet with other filmmakers and investors in the film industry.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has not filed any complaint against the government of Mukul Sangma before the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Shillong: Meghalaya will face Mizoram in the semi final of the Ranji Trophy today in Mangaldi, Assam.
Also to create job opportunities to improve the income of the villagers.
Shillong: Ryntih Sports Club, Shillong, is ready to take part in the Second Division I.League.
Speaking to media, the village leaders including the Waheh Shnong of Mukroh Hamboide Sumer, the Secretary of the village Hamarbathmu Muskut and the Chairman of the village Deibormi Lamin said that the donation has been rejected by the Assam Government. This was approved by the relatives of these four people.
Assam has introduced the Act as one of the measures to curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh through the North Eastern States including Meghalaya which borders with Bangladesh. Assam.
Lapalang beat Lawmei 3-1
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Leader of the Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KNM), on Tuesday said that the party will prepare to nominate a candidate for the mid-term elections for the Mawryngkneng Constituency.
Shillong: NEHU has declared the results of 2nd(repeater), 4th (repeater) & 6th (regular & repeater) of BA semester system results announced.
We should not force the buyers not to come back to buy the fish produced in our state.
She stated that as an employee working under [24]7.
Besides the prize, the winners will also receive a cash prize of T.2.80 lakh.
Rida didn't know anything about it while Panah knew and saw everything about her body.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, said that the robbers were arrested at the village after two elders reported to the village that they were robbed by these men at about 10 pm. bad ei ei my night.
You are a man, you are a man.
The Khasi Muslims have increased and will increase, shouldn't we count them just because Meghalaya is a Christian State.
The medicines used to treat and heal human beings come from the forests and if this is lost, it has to be produced by another method of medicine which is even more harmful to the human body if given incorrectly.
After a while, Ryntih responded with their first goal in the 87th minute through Melvin Warjri.
We would also like to express our gratitude to the Rangbah Shnong of Sohra Hima like Bah A.Diengdoh, Bah C.Kharhujon, Bah C.Kharmih, Bah Tipkur Majaw, Bah Andy Basaiawmoit and others who were willing to take the time to submit their petitions. CEM KHADC Latiplang Kharkongor against the order of the EC dated 25 June
They darken, they cover, they cover the earth.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Careen Khongwir, Assistant General Secretary, Mawkhar Women's Welfare Organisation, said that the purpose of the Carnival Festival is to raise funds for the projects. many that the women’s movement does today.
Other schools in the Top 20 include St Xavier HSS, Tura, St. Thomas HSS, Mendipathar, Synod HSS, Shillong. , Shangpung HSS, Shangpung, Shillong Academy, Don Bosco HSS, Tura, St. John Bosco Boys, Sohra, Laban Bengalee Girls, Nongstoin Public Secondary School, St Anthony's HSS, Shillong, Laitdom Presbyterian SS, Laitdom, Seng Khasi HSS, Shillong, Hills Crest SS, Shillong, St.Mary Mazzarello Girls, Jowai, Sunny Hill Adventist, Mylliem, Little Star SS, Baridua and Christian Girls HSS, Tura.
There are 1,310 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to 1,4
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Shillong Lajong SC have lost three points in their home match against Rajasthan United at the SSA Stadium-Polo of the I-Polo Tournament. League after the opposition managed to score two goals before the end of the first half in just two minutes to tie the game.
“It is requested that the JHADC should clean up within three days, but if the Council does not do so, the JSM has decided to do whatever is necessary,” said Ma Chancellor Talang, General Secretary of JSM Western Region.
Article 6 states “That the patta holders shall pay tax or any other charge at the rate fixed by the Government from time to time”.
Nongpoh, July 04: As part of the World Environment Day, the Catholic Archdiocese of Byrnihat Parish today celebrated the World Environment Day. The celebration of this day was held at St. Savio Baridua in Ri Bhoi District.
Their cleanliness is to remove plastic bottles, jot bottles and other pollutants.
Rakesh Singh, Kynsailang Khongsit, Habymmutshuh Nongrum, Freestar Kharbangar, Baiakara Swer, F. Lalrohlua, Phrangki Buam, Abedniko Kurbah, Parvaj Bhuiya, Teibanskhembha Khongkai, Donboklang Lyngdoh.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Government is currently reviewing the recruitment system in the State and is preparing to introduce a policy to bring about changes in this system. claim.
The incident occurred at 5 pm in the evening, when the cause of the fire was caused by the presence of people who had burnt enemies and which had disturbed the people in the village. village, that they may go out and put out the fire.
The BSP leader said the party will contest alone in the Assembly elections in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
Bah Lyngdoh said that the payment of electricity bill should be done monthly within 30 days as it was found that the payment of electricity bill has reached 40 to 50 days and sometimes up to 64 days. the public.
In the minutes before his death, he said his last words to Bah Ardent and Bah Witting at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, “Remember the border of the state that you must fulfill”.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Prestone Tynsong, said, “I don't want to say anything about the allegation of the opposition, but on our part, we are here to see the good. The welfare and peace and stability of the residents of the state is the top priority of the government”.
This is according to the writings of Jagdish Saran Sharma – Volume 3 page 835,” said Allantry.
The Director of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government in a statement sent to the media said, “The damage and destruction of Government property is a crime against the being punished.
In Gladiator 2, Paul Mescal will play Lucius and this part will tell how Lucius took the throne.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) MLA from Mookaïaw constituency, Bah Nujorki Sungoh, has demanded that the Government should abolish the personal interview in the appointment of Grade-IV posts to avoid a biased election. , but the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this needs to be looked into in order to come up with a policy that is suitable for the job seekers.
“We have looked into this issue and I can tell you that this fiscal year, there has been a slight decrease in the losses in AT&C. it's a very difficult task," said the Minister.
Bonifilia was welcomed by NPYF State Unit General Secretary PR Rynghang and NPP Umroi leaders.
The end of the first global stocktake is an important political moment to demonstrate global progress towards achieving the goals and objectives of the Paris Agreement.
As we have seen in the past few days, the Ukrainian leader has appealed to all Western countries to give their full support to Ukraine so that it can defend itself. and that it will also be able to recapture all those areas which have been occupied by Russia in the past since the beginning of the war.
It is understood that the protest was a sign of protest against the visit of the Vice Chancellor of the Central Agricultural University, Imphal, as he has a plan to recover more than 200 acres of land. for the Central Agricultural University in Ribhoi District.
Shillong, Nailur 1: The Raid Nongtung in Ri-Bhoi district does not fall under Block-II as mentioned but has been transferred to Assam through the border crossing with Meghalaya.
“Yes, but you have to understand,” said the mother.
We also need to know and understand the benefits of good sleep and one of the most important parts because we can survive even if we don't choose healthy foods or participate in physical activity but not can never be achieved without sleep.
“The machines are man-made and are not 100 percent safe and can be cheated especially in India where corruption has taken root in the minds of the people,” he said.
However, due to the strength of the fire, they could not survive until the flames burnt down the house and all the belongings.
Thousands of football fans came to witness the match of the biggest tournament in the country, which came back to Shillong after four years.
On November 6, the United Democratic Party (UDP) announced the names of 32 candidates for the 2023 Assembly elections.
“In Sohryngkham at the last meeting before the elections I said that we will take the seat of the National League for Democracy (NLD) in the state and this has happened and this is our fourth victory,” he said. state.
The Government of Meghalaya has also recognized and understood the valuable work of Rev. Thomas June. June 22 is the first day of Thomas June's visit to Sohra on the 22nd of June
It is up to them whether they accept it or not, but they should not disturb the people.
Of course we also understand...that we must have strong income sources to run many businesses and administrations.
But the first thing was to stop the loss of blood of the mother, so that the mother would survive, and they did that.
Shillong, Naitung 25 : The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC), Bah Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) has been aware of the incident but the UDP has not been aware of the incident. I will do what is necessary.
In the women's quarter, Tyllilang Basketball Academy scored the first goal for the Brawlers.
On the deterioration of the road from Nongpoh to Umden, Bah Aibor Tynsong, said that the people should not blame the government for not doing anything. The MLA from Nongpoh is not on the government side, but on the opposition side.
Speaking to media, KHADC CEM Titos W Chyne said that at the meeting of the UDA, it was decided to hold a special session on the first day. The purpose of this special session is to elect a new Chairman of the Council.
On this occasion, the Minister of Water Resources, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government will look into this.
“If the situation has become too extreme to control it, the President's Rule should be implemented so that there will be no discrimination,” he said.
In our village, Umphyrnai, everyone blames the bill light collector, they go to the office to pay, this creates problems for the residents where they have to spend time just to pay the bill light, Those who are stupid and don't know how to look at the bill pay the outstanding bill. This is a great loss to the bill.
Shillong, June 29: As the monthly radio program of the Prime Minister, Mann Ki Baat, reaches its 100th episode, the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting is preparing to broadcast the program live on all Raj Bhavans of the country on June 30,
Several students of the school today said that they have to drink dirty water due to the lack of attention of the school authorities even after the students from the school. From time to time, they have complained to the authorities about the pollution and contamination of the drinking water which they have to drink. to the house.
RM Kurbah said that it has been confirmed that Imshida Thangkhiew has continued to work as an ASHA in the village, as she is a qualified person to work as an ASHA. and which helps the people in need, not only in the village, but in the whole area.
The students who received the awards and cash prizes are Damebanhun Thongni, Maphashisha Dkhar, Ilawanshwa Nongsiej, Eureka K Wanniang and Dahunshisha Lyngkhoi.
The scholars agree that those Israelites were a very small nation.
RM Kurbah, DM of Ri Bhoi District, said that the order to impose Containment Zone in these three villages has been lifted, but despite the thorough search for those people who have been coming and going to these three villages, The Ampata Village Council and those who have contacted the elderly man or his family members, will continue to investigate.
The CEM said that those employers should fill up the form and take undertaking of the drivers.
Bah J.Pohtam, Head of MACS, and Ms. G.Jyrwa explained about HIV/AIDS and the dangers of alcohol and drug abuse.
There is no reason why the MP should talk to us, the people and the people.
The Village and Town Development Council is a council established by the Dorbar Shnong.
Speaking on the occasion, Damehiwot Pde, Rangbah Shnong, said that the planting of trees from time to time is necessary to protect the environment from the destruction of the environment. of the trees brings us a holy and fresh air.
The inspection was led by Bah Louis Doh Tdong, Chairman and Asst. Secretary of HANM, accompanied by Bah Pateng Myrsing, President of HANM. HANM Ri Bhoi District with other office bearers and members of HANM from various Units and Circles.
The court also said that the appearance of the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills himself is a matter that has to be pending to wait for further circumstances in this regard.
'Stop turning the CBI into a private company'
Other cow farmers such as Pynshai Thawmuid, Rajes Nongkhlaw and other cow farmers were also present at the meeting. neither Horen.
Nongpoh, Lber 13: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) today held a meeting to elect and renew the Central Executive Committee of the party in Ri-Bhoi District. The office bearers of the party after the expiry of their term at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Iewmawlong.
This relationship is reflected in stories, songs and also through customs, dances and colors.
Books can be likened to a light house, which stands by the sea to give light to passing ships.
Speaking to media, BJP Spokesperson Himalaya M Shangpliang said that the shortage of medicines in government health centers including CHCs and PHCs will affect the people who rely on these health centres. government to provide health services when needed.
“I would like to ensure that the remaining roads in the village are completed as soon as possible and also to clean up the road to the Dorbar Hall and also to ensure that in Umphyrnai all the roads the road will be cleaned with colour," he said.
The most difficult and different task is the responsibility of Nalin Kohli Ji and Ram Madhav Ji to try and persuade prominent MLAs to join the BJP before the 2018 elections which I have done in my ability. Four MLAs like Sanbor Shullai, AL Hek, Robinius Syngkon and Justin Dkhar attended the meeting.
Adelbert expressed his dissatisfaction with the government's decision to take over the post and said he intends to meet face to face with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on the expiry of the deadline. .
Earlier, the Governor visited Nartiang village to visit the two Hindu temples at Nartiang Durga Temple which is the oldest place in West Jaintia Hills District. in the tourism industry which has the Mawbynna of the ancients.
It is interesting to hear that the Honorable Home Minister and Deputy Chief Minister of the State give sermons on how to raise children so that they do not commit bomb blasts.
The containment will be effective from 5 AM on 4th May to 6 AM on 10th June
As part of the celebration, there were also songs and other performances by the students and teachers of the school.
The Shillong Parliamentary Constituency is led by Vincent H Pala (INC) and the Tura Constituency is led by Agatha Sangma (NPP).
It is true that the smuggling of cows, Kwai and Biri along with other commodities is very common in the state especially as the state has many kilometers of border with Bangladesh.
When asked whether the Government will bring a resolution against the UCC and the Forest Conservation Amendment Act 2023, Conrad said that the Bill on the UCC has not yet been seen. to say nothing and to contradict something when it is not seen.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the new government has saved the state from the threat of the previous Congress-led government.
He said that the Deputy Commissioners have been directed to take the necessary action regarding the implementation of the protocols.
Shillong: The absence of Prestone Tynsong from the post of Chief Minister of Meghalaya has been a talking point among the people these days.
How did Peter respond? “Repent, and be baptized every one of you for the forgiveness of sins: and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.
Therefore, the High Court has suspended the hearing until it issues another order.
She said it would be good if the government could resolve the border issue and give the state a complete map but the state government should not break the history because it is the history that makes the state. us as we are now and don't count the social agreement against those who signed the social agreement in the past.
“I am not blaming everyone, but it is just one group of people who are trying to take advantage of the religious stability but also the cultural stability in the state.
Employees of JHADC on Tuesday sat in a row outside the office, with flags and blue clothes, as a sign of regret over the Government's lack of attention to this issue. They have been suffering from lack of salary for nearly a year.
The Village Council congratulates and wishes these leaders to work better and provide full service to the entire area.
He said that Bah Balajied Synrem son of Dr Donkupar is a wise and obedient son who has been able to follow in the footsteps of his father to lead the people.
Regarding the employees in KHADC, it has been decided that officer employees should attend 100% and non-officer employees should attend only 35%.
“I have opened football grounds, roads but I don't reveal them to the world because I work hard and God knows those who work hard,” he said.
As reported, it is said that his ability to operate , is to understand the competitive challenges on products or resources, the REC's journey in serving for the acquisition of a share specializing in Net Zero NPA at the end of the year on the current account as well as on the financial performance for the purpose of monitoring the innovations in the company's operational processes.
Sandondor said that the NPP has only the people of the HSPDP, because its candidate Samlin Malngiang was from the HSPDP before he joined the NPP, but his appearance to contest The HSPDP will not be able to vote because the HSPDP members will not be in this party.
It is one of the most famous markets in Ri Khasi.
“They have given us the reason that they have to register those who have to be transferred from other districts and to confirm the Reserve Casual Workers (RCWs),” said Lyngdoh.
Plant Rymbai, ri, Rymbai ja, kew, phan dieng, riewhadem, phankaro and other foods and teach the people to eat them when we don't get food.
Speaking on the incident, Zenith said that these are signs and proofs that there is corruption which cannot be denied.
At the end of the meeting, Bah B Ioannis Shylla, Saiñpynïar congratulated the people and reminded them to continue to work hard to strengthen the union in the work of protecting the fundamental rights of the people. thousands of children in Ri Khasi.
He said that the milk production in our area is very low.
In the first leg, Laban scored 4 goals and beat Assam by 1 goal. Regiment in the first leg.
The topic of the meeting was the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution and the recommendation of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya to discuss the Regional Council.
Once the water flows into the wells, even after many days of rain, the water level continues.
After you have finished eating.
“There is a need for a ban on political parties in the District Council, but it is up to the Central Government to amend the Sixth Scheduled,” he said.
The purpose of this is also to raise awareness among the people that there will be safety in driving two wheelers in India and to promote safe driving.
New Delhi, March 22: India has sent 38 tonnes of relief goods including medicines, medical supplies and other items to residents living in Gaza amid the war.
b) the inability to monitor the acceptance of the Government of India for the implementation of the ILP in our state.
Hek, who was also present, said that so far eight MLAs from the Congress party have met him but as they have not reached the number of people, the meeting has been postponed.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday announced that the polling in Sohiong constituency for the election of the new MLA will be held on the 10th June 2023 while the counting of votes will be held on the 13th. January 2023.
Herod usurped the throne in Jerusalem and the Roman soldiers beheaded Antigonus at Herod's request.
These foundation stones are for the construction of the Mini Secretariat, C&RD Block, Ekalavya Model Residential School, Football Stadium at Wahlyngkhat and Pynursla Division, PWD (Roads).
This has been witnessed by the incident that has happened in Assam in recent days, where a husband has had to complain to the court.
There is that CHRISTMAS SHOPPING which has become a custom that has been fought by everyone in the Longmynta era.
John 7:25-27.
This is in response to the incident of police shooting in which a member of the party was injured in Upper Assam.
“If there is light, these children don't need to burn mombati,” said Phanuel Tongper and added that the government should take responsibility for such incidents and also help such fire victims.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93597 out of which 91869 have recovered and 1585 have died.
(No, I didn't see.
Indian racer Ruhaan Alva has won his third medal in the GB4 Single-Seater Championship.
Chauhan said the government has appointed a Judicial Commission of Inquiry to investigate the incident in Mukroh so that justice can be done to the families of the deceased. those who have been affected by the incident.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 2: In order to bring about unity and closeness among the youth of the Muliang area, the Seng Samla Shnong Tynghor on Friday evening, held a concert. Hundreds of residents of the area have flocked to the stadium.
The government has allocated Rs 65 crore for this urban water supply scheme.
“How many national parties, have they ever been arrested for the cause of the nation, while how many political parties have been arrested and killed, how many have been intimidated for the cause of the nation? the nation".
However, the union also demanded that the Government should forgive 50% of the tax on vehicles, due to the lack of income due to the outbreak of Covid in the most recent year.
Even God blesses that act to protect and preserve the identity in righteousness according to the law.
Pynishai Lathong of Nangbah Mulang won the Top Scorer award, Sbing Chyrmang of Ladthadlaboh won the Best Goalkeeper award and Sanjini Dkhar of 7 Wasa Utd won the Player of the Tournament award.
In addition issues discussed at the meeting included losses from damage caused by landslides, collapse of buildings, road networks and traffic disruptions, floods, buildings which have severely affected the people of the State and on the emergency relief measures provided to the refugees.
The Mizoram government has said that the Food & Administration Wing has found that many of these apples have been covered with water-based substances and these are not good for consumption. man, if he cannot first cleanse the stain, which is on the skin of the apple.
The leader has also been called 'Crocodile' by many in Zimbabwe for his seizure of power from Mugabe, who wants to place the late leader at the Heroes' Acre monument.
In 2018, the UDP, HSPDP-2 and KHNAM-1 have elected only 7 candidates, all three parties have only 10 candidates.
Meanwhile, Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the purpose of introducing the Act is to explain the ownership of the house, the need for them to look after the maintenance, the the need for them to have the same responsibility and equal contribution as brothers and sisters in society.
Applicants should also submit their Expression of Interest to the Directorate of Tourism, Nokrek Building, Lower Lachumiere, Shillong, Meghalaya-7 sent through courier/speed post/registered post, submit the EOI and sign it by the applicants, submit the Expression of Interest in the Form. – I, Self-declaration in Form – II, Format (Pre-bid queries) in Form – III and Pre-qualification eligibility criteria Form along with required documents.
In a judgment issued on 7th October, the Division Bench comprising Chief Justice S Vaidyanathan and Justice W Diengdoh said, “In this regard, the criminal appeal has been dismissed. The sentence of remand was issued by the Court on 08.07.2022 and the order of remand was issued on 11.07.2022 by the Special Judge (POCSO), Shillong. In Special POCSO Case No.5 of 2018, the accused will be sentenced to imprisonment for 50 years and fined T.20,000 and if he does not pay the fine, he will have to imprison for another three months.
It also shows and shows the character of righteous people.
The meeting and welcome speech was delivered by D.Sohtun, Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM)-cum-Secretary.
He was welcomed today after returning from Kolkata after winning the 65 KG title at the All India Oyama Cup. end in Kolkata.
It was also discussed whether these imported cows are safe to eat because they have not been examined but they have been forcibly slaughtered.
Assam police have agreed to investigate Mevani on non-bailable charges of attempting to incite two ethnic groups or speaking against ethnic groups and disrupting peace and order. .
In West Garo Hills, there are 19 recoveries including 2 from the Armed Forces, 1 health worker, 16 high risk and 1 from abroad.
Driver doesn't know how to tag the heat of the car...many drivers don't know how to tag the heat of the car because they don't know the rules.
Isn't this a statement to divide the Khasi Jaintia against the Garo?” said the KHNAM leader. the Prime Minister's seat in 2018 will return to his house.
Shillong: Three new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Shillong today.
Furthermore, the three organizations urged the Forest Department and the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd. to implement compensatory afforestation in the areas under Jaintia Hills and not elsewhere. The project falls under the East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
“We will lead and serve the state even better and on ways that bring innovation," he said.
3985 MT of food items have been exported to various States/UTs.
The CDF-Mindat, one of the armed groups fighting to protect its own border, has strongly condemned the killing of these three residents and sent its condolences to the families of those who have been involved in the incident.
Sangriang village falls under the Nongstoin Syiemship, which is one of the four largest Himas in Ri Khasi besides the Mylliem, Khyrim and Nongkhlaw Himas.
In this speech, the Seng expressed its regret over the problems faced by the people of the area due to the increasing power shortage and shortage of electricity, besides the fact that the Nartiang Sub-Station cannot carry electricity. , from Namdong to the border.
This is a sad thing for the state while the awarding of contracts elsewhere is not slow because of the quick flow of milk and fish.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the election of the new President and office bearers of the party depends on the decision of the Nomination Committee.
Rangdajied under the leadership of Subir Dey played strongly from the start and Owanijuh scored the first goal in the 16th minute.
The article states that before taking any decision, the Governor should consult with the Election Commission.
We remember in the Bible about the Lord Jesus Christ in the form of Godhead, but He still sought the face of God through PRAYER, which is also an example for me and for all of us believers.
He said that the young men of the BJP have now got the golden opportunity to marry the beautiful young women of Kashmir and they can also buy land as they wish.
The Priority Household (PHH) scheme will be distributed at an income of 5 kilos per head per month in urban and rural areas and this rice will be provided by the government.
The tournament has been able to return once again to the tournament, which will start from 13-30 November 2023 at the Balewadi Sports Complex, Pune.
“It is because I have a basis and I don't want to give up my basis just to win the election, that's why I can't say that I haven't gone to Them Ïewmawlong to vote for them. “I stand on the ground that they should be evicted because their presence in the area has caused trouble to the passengers,” he said.
Khliehriat, July 20: The Addl.Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Bah B.Jyrwa, MPS today informed that members of the Anti-Drug Team (ANTF) and the district police have seized The heroin weighing 251.30 kilograms was seized from a Tata Tigor belonging to Regn.
Regarding these issues of the Union, the talks with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare of Meghalaya have not been successful and another meeting will be held on the 6th of June to find ways. ways to overcome these problems.
He also criticized the government for issuing permits only to collect revenue, but without providing parking spaces.
To achieve success on this issue, the government needs the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs and other NGOs to be a bridge to the people especially in the rural areas.
This is a government of the terrorists, created by the terrorists and for the terrorists,” said a group of Republican leaders led by Jim Banks, a member of the House of Representatives. “This Taliban regime includes those imprisoned in Guantanamo Bay, high-ranking terrorists and other individuals involved in various terrorist activities and links to and al-Qaeda and the Haqqani Network,” said Tim Burchett, a member of Congress.
If they find anyone who is slaughtering fish, they should inform the Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs and Sengbhalang as soon as possible so that they can take the necessary action.
Shillong: U Lambor Malngniang, MLA of Nongkrem, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, today called a meeting of the Assam Rifles today.
After leaving the Congress, he formed a new political party called the Mizo National Union.
The Minister said that the cost of the construction of the school has reached T.16.96 crore.
According to a statement sent by Serbilin Lyngdoh President FKJGP Langpih Area Unit, according to the information received by the FKJGP, there has been an objection to the construction of the market house. The owner of the land has lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Out Post Police and they have investigated and found that the Nepalis have started building houses on the site, but the police have stopped the work on the site. , in which the Nepalis have also asked the Meghalaya Police to bring the documents within three days.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the demolition of illegal coke factories has started since 7th November.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest said that in human life, roads are the most important part of human life to improve income especially in the rural areas. pet.
He also urged the shopkeepers and residents of Jowai to take advantage of the various schemes available in the urban areas through the JMB. The 1st Open to All Veteran Football Tournament was held at Diengshynrum, Khliehriat on Friday.
The Pastors of the Presbyterian Church, on Tuesday, expressed their dissatisfaction with the fact that they were late by the Chief Minister for a meeting scheduled for they shall meet.
Didn't you ask who Immanuel was? But they spent their time only in their own religions according to the laws of Moses.
When trying to collect detailed information on this, it was found that most of the children who drop out of school part-time are from the rural areas.
The case was terminated as it was the responsibility of the National Commission for Minorities and a similar case had reached the Supreme Court in the case of Ashwini Kumar Upadhyay v. the government. India.
President Mantiphrang Lyngdoh Giri said they have submitted a petition to the Minister including the demands for full time employees, ESI, EPF, payment according to performance and others as appropriate.
