“In recent months, TikTok has been a platform for anti-India speech and has been widely used to destroy our society,” Mahajan said.
The first semi final of the tournament was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Tuesday.
She said that in the fire, many of the necessary items including files and other necessary items were damaged in the house. they were destroyed and destroyed.
Ronaldo at the time was eager to join Liverpool and said it would be a dream to join the club.
The Garo leaders, because they loved their own people, gave 40% to the Garo which is equal to 40% to the children of Hynniew-Trep who are more paid than them.
The tournament was inaugurated by Carmelus Massar as the Chief Guest of Brishyrnot Village in the presence of Delmi Shylla as the Chief Guest of Chiehruphi Village.
Speaking to reporters, Macdalyne said that the Biometric Punching Machine has been purchased from her own fund as the Council does not have the funds at the cost of T.8,0
The protest was held to demand the government to abolish the social agreement between Assam and Meghalaya on the demarcation of the border and also to demand the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the constitution. fifth of the Constitution of India.
On this occasion, the two sides have come to an agreement on give and take.
In the first leg, Malki beat Lawsohtun by two goals and Fashioning Syngkli scored both the goals for the team.
Shillong, July 16: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) today sent two letters to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma.
He said that two months after joining the party he was sent to Bangladesh and spent most of his time in Bangladesh.
“You have been left alone for many years but this day has been a day of joy and a special day for the Kharbani clan as a whole. “It is up to the Kurs to follow the example and surprise people because a Kur that doesn't know its origin will be a Kur that has been destroyed,” said Paiem while speaking as the chief guest.
"“I said to set rules for Bah Auspicious, the biggest rule is that after you win we will think about development, we lack roads, we lack schools, agriculture. must be improved," he said.
Please note that according to the Employees' State Insurance Act, 1948, 19th April, 1948 there is an Employees' State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) in Shillong. Lampshade.
Regarding this incident, the Waheh Shnong said that he has already informed the police, but due to the darkness and the high water they could not do anything and tomorrow they will conduct a search for these children.
We must understand that the Lariti department has a close relationship with tourism, and the two cannot be separated, stay away from each other.
In addition, there are other types of people who like to live as prisoners, because they are people who steal to work hard whether it is in the fields or in the fields, but they want to survive. and to have food and drink.
The decision to amend the rules was approved by the Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday.
However, they should not be criticized with harsh words, “What kind of children are these who are stupid”.
“The Government has already sent the clarifications requested by the Ministry of Home Affairs regarding the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution,” he said. Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Nero is considered the first beast because he killed the most Christians and was the most terrible rapist.
The program was attended by all the students of the Institute under the leadership of Program Officer Nesserdemy Sangma, Co-Incharge Emdormi Shullai and Cubert Neil Kitbok Myrthong.
• There will be no shortage of stock of processors or improvers, according to their capacity or those who export according to their export needs. • The Government will amend the Essential Commodities Act.
Stalls were also set up at the Health Mela to educate the public on many government schemes related to the health goals.
I am also pleased to see the skills and abilities of the youth from the North East.
In addition to three suspensions by Mitrovic, Mitrovic has been suspended for three more games for his handshake against the referee. and two more penalties for his use of inappropriate words, profanity, and threatening against the officer.
Shillong: U Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga, President of the MLPU, on Tuesday said that the Union does not accept the explanation of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on the appointment of the government. MS Rao has been appointed as the new Chief Secretary of the State.
It has been more than two years since the construction of this road, and the Seng has sent letters from time to time to the relevant authorities and various government departments to take care of it. The import of foreign workers without documents has caused problems and dangers in the future but the authorities have remained silent and unfair.
“We have to work with experts to encourage the party to work according to the rules of law and we should not be proud but we will accept the opinions of the people,” he said.
On these facts, the question arises whether the above assistance is sufficient to provide for each household; However, if we talk about the truth, these statements above don't match at all, not even the price of tung tap (especially these days, when the price of ktung is very low) and if so, we feel we should shut up. There are many people who are willing to turn to the government for all their work, to turn to the leaders for all their work and That is, besides having received the wealth of the candidates during the elections, they have been claiming that they will fill all the five years and if the government or the leader does so, the It is a misleading statement to the people and if the people expect it, it will also be a misleading statement.
Sai said the NCST will play a major role in convincing the central government not to implement the CAB in the region.
Rangshken CC won the title by defeating Shaphrang CC (Mawphlang).
As a step in this regard, the Bodoland Territorial Council has proposed to digitize and update the land information system and the Land Resources Department has approved this.
They have already accepted and sent the Bill to the Governor for approval but this is still pending because there are clauses in the Act which can be amended. “The rules of the court, which can affect the existing laws and this is a big mistake,” he said.
“We are a little disappointed to vote in Parliament, but this is a very important issue to discuss,” said Lin Wei-chou, a member of the opposition in the House. .
On the revenue, Conrad said the total revenue will be T.21,781 crore, but excluding the debt of T.2,339 crore, the total revenue will be T.19,442 crore.
He said that there is only one problem now and that is that we cannot talk to the Assam Government, because the state will have the general elections in June. or in January, so the discussion on this issue will take place after this election.
When asked whether his wife Mehtab Chandee will contest the election in 2023, the Prime Minister said, “You have to ask her because I don't know anything about it. I don't know why you don't take a decision and don't apply for a ticket from the party.
D Syiemiong, Ex-Director Agriculture, Shri.B Blah,  President, & Shri.Dominic Warjri, Secy, DonBosco Paspupils, Sisters & Staff ka Fernando Transit Shelter Home, North East Regional Domestic Workers Movement, Paiem Ainam M Syiem, Acting Syiem Mylliem , Morning.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Rev Mother Anne, former Principal of St Mary's College, 91 years old, passed away on Monday morning, 3rd June, 2014 at St Mary's College. Convent, Laitumkhrah here in Shillong.
The drugs, which were intended to be smuggled to Shillong, were smuggled from Sohiong and seized from four vehicles.
The driver of the truck, Alok Das, has not been found yet. Police have found signs of injuries at Riatturiem and have found the body. in the morning.
The Congress leader said that in the 2018 elections, the Prime Minister did not visit Khasi and Jaintia Hills but only Garo Hills “because the party has bring people from Assam.
At the same time, the HNLC has also offered the employees of MCCL to join the HNLC and the HNLC will pay them a salary of 25,000 tyngka per month.
He said that in a government with many parties, many of the decisions taken are not going smoothly.
While Bah Hamletson Dohling was speaking, a shout of prah came from the people from nearby, and this caused the NPP supporters to become angry and turn to the NPP. This place, where there was a fight, was cleaned up by the elders and longkmie.
Jingsngewpoh is a wild beast that does not lose its fighting power within us.
Maremdor Sutnga of HUCC scored 18 runs and took two wickets and the award was presented by AJCA Secretary Waiborlang Sohlang.
: “These action steps are aimed at prioritizing workers’ dignity, trust, freedom, cooperation, and equal opportunity.
Another issue discussed at the meeting was that the state government has amended some of the rules of the Meghalaya State Food Commission Rules regarding the term of office of the Chairman. rules that apply to the country as a whole.
“During the meeting with the Ut, a deep love for them came in and both of us didn't dare to look at each other face to face,” said Kuldhara.
Thakur was responding to a question by Vishambhar Prasad Nishad of the Samajwadi Party (SP) on whether the Indian government intends to abolish the T.2,000 notes and reissue them. with the court T.1,0
Meanwhile, the JSU's claim that the area has contributed to the state revenue is unacceptable.
However, as we see now, many other parties have to face the defeat of the BJP. There are many citizens in the country who want to see the defeat of the BJP, but they cannot do anything else. while the voters are still electing this party to rule.
The raid on Bindas took place on the night of 8th July
However, he said that the report sent by the Katakey Committee will also be considered.
Shillong, Lber 31: Andy Mawthoh scored a hat-trick for Ryntih SC to beat Nongthymmai SC 5-0 in the first leg of the tournament. The Shillong Premier League 2023 will be played at the SSA Stadium, Polo on Saturday.
In the U17 Boys, Rusa SS Smit, H. Elias HSS, Tlongumniam HSS, St. Anthony's HSS, Shillong College, Iewrynghep SS, Lumpyllun SS and OM Roy HSS reached the quarter.
Without any training, she used to walk alone in life as a cyclist and rode only with friends, and every morning she ran about 5-10 kilometers and cycled man morning and evening for about 2 hours.
Speaking on the allegations that the KSU has disappeared without saying anything before the elections, Lambok said, “The KSU doesn't appear once every five years but every day it does its job and when When we demand that we be the opposition, we take the lyngkor, when we demand that we be the stone of the government, we come forward.
Another 29-year-old woman is undergoing treatment after she fell ill while traveling from Mumbai to Shillong to attend a Catholic church service.
Nongstoiñ, June 28: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, today announced that there will be a public address by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which started on the 24th of this month and ends on the 1st of next month. on various schemes and types of loans implemented by the Government of India through the Kissan Credit Card (KCC).
Diltis Siangshai, former employee of Jowai Civil Hospital, mother of Tbn.MK Siangshai, resident of Riatmoolain, Jowai, passed away on 27/07/2
He said that the violence against the minorities in these days is against the minorities and those who are weak in humanity.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong Arena said that she is pleased that Bah HM Shangpliang's supporters have attended the meeting to join the NPP, but she is ready to join the NPP tomorrow. on November 13, 2023.
This is the celebration of Kopati Puja. All the men and women celebrate together except for the men.
Conrad said that if Dr. Mukul Sangma wants to bring up the issue, he can bring it up in another way. ".
Because if it is like that day even the Creator wonders why this person prays for the nation of others when he wants to pray for his own nation and why he remembers them. the great man of another nation, who does not remember the great man of his own nation.
The Association of Coal Traders and Owners of West Khasi Hills, which has appealed to the Supreme Court, said that in Meghalaya, all the coal mines above and below the ground are owned by the coal miners. The Supreme Court has said that you are allowed to transport coal, but if the coal belongs to the state government, you have to pay to the state government if it comes out. the order after the trial.
Meanwhile, 200 doctors and staff of Vellore Hospital have tested positive for the virus in the past few days.
That also depends on the wisdom of the government and elected officials.
Then the children of the hands shall inherit from the seed (Shynrang).
Who will overthrow and who will corrupt a man or woman? But almost at this moment somewhere that divine image was corrupted and destroyed.
The HNLC's demand for money has intensified after it withdrew from the peace talks with the state and central governments.
In an effort to address this problem in the field of testing, to conduct testing to strengthen assistance to those infected and to achieve the first objective of UNAIDS' – to to identify about 95% of HIV-positive patients, which can lead to the ability to provide treatment for those infected, and to control the disease and end the spread of HIV by 2030.
Imphal: Two school children have disappeared while they were in Manipur. Arambai Tenggol, the headquarters of the Meitei group.
The main objective is to make the citizens proud of their country and to remember the history of the country and also the contribution of those who have helped to build this country. they are not surprised.
Shillong, Iaiong 6: The United Democratic Party (UDP) in its meeting today strongly condemned the government's refusal to appoint an Administrator in the KHADC, even after the Governor of Meghalaya has sent a letter to the KHADC. government to think again.
When there is a lot of umsarang, the crop does not grow well and does not grow well.
The participants competed in four categories, Under-14, Under-16, and Under-18, for men and women.
Coal India Limited will take 10% of the sale, the shillan fee will be calculated and the rest will not be given to the coal owners.
However, if we compare perhaps with Bangladesh, we can say that India has made great progress.
In South West Khasi Hills, 22 cases, including 2 high risk contacts, 5 cases from Mawkyrwat cluster, 3 cases from Mawlangwir cluster, 8 cases from Pyndenumsaw cluster and 4 cases from Rangmaw cluster.
They are Ampareen Lyngdoh, Miani D. Shira and Shanta Mary Shylla.
These players were selected after observing their performance in the recent Vijay Merchant Trophy for the Under-16 Men's Cricket Tournament. to be held from 1st to 23rd November 2022 in Baroda.
HDR Lyngdoh will have to contest against Samlin Malngiang who is also the incumbent MLA of the constituency.
Lakitbok is also a young mountaineer and is also involved with the Meghalaya Rock Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeRC&MA) where Wallambok is the General Secretary of the association. establish.
Therefore, we do not see that the Syiem and the dorbar have done anything wrong in this regard.
Shillong, July 10: A day before the 100th Anniversary of the Church here in Shillong, the Bishop and Church leaders of the All Saint Cathedral today met with reporters to discuss the Their preparations for the festival will begin tomorrow.
The exhibition was inaugurated by the Assistant Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Bah WK Kharbuli, MCS at the ground floor of the DCIC office.
Mairang: For the smooth conduct of the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State, the District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, in accordance with the powers conferred on him under Section 144 of the CrPC, has issued an order prohibiting the holding of any kind of public meeting, march or any election campaign, within the next 48 hours, starting at 4 pm on on 25 June 2023 until 4 pm on 27 June 2023.
In East Garo Hills, there are five cases including four high risk contacts and one health worker.
Hek said it is the duty of the government and the police department from the DGP, SP and DC to identify those who intend to cause trouble and at the same time to curb any kind of trouble.
The four members of the family were identified as Kong Larita Syiemlieh (mother), Wanphrangsngi (23), Daniki (16), Larikynti (14) and Da-u-Rijied Syiemlieh (born still 3 years old).
Mrs. Rep gave food to the workers and Mrs. Santa's children.
Many of the elders who spoke at the meeting expressed their disappointment over the defeat of Bah Martle after 10 years with the new MLA Bah Remington Pyngrope. I don't know why, but I'm sure I'll do it.
Members of the meeting expressed their satisfaction with the initiative of JSM and KSA to resolve the issue in the border area of ​​Meghalaya and West Karbi Anglong which has affected the relationship between the residents. in this area.
Regarding these issues, the Jaintia Youth have decided to set up an organization to monitor and monitor all these issues so that the future of the youth will not be in vain.
Syiemlieh said that the federation sends its congratulations to all the six cricketers from WKH who have been selected to represent the state in the tournament which will start on the 14th. today 2018 in Andhra Pradesh.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Agriculture, Kong Mazel Ampareen Nongkynrih urged those who have completed their education not to stay here in the city, but to return to their homes to help farmer parents, so they can increase their income.
“We see that the protest is going well now on the name of the Uniform Civil Code.
The husband, has taken the initiative to send for treatment, on the fear of the wife and has gone to AIIMS hospital, but when nothing has changed, he has now decided to release her. san shyieng completely with it.
It is learned that the suspension of the work has caused a serious threat to the KHADC, which may lead to a loss because the contractor who is carrying out the work can come and claim the costs. which he hath already done, and his demand shall be great.
Furthermore, Bah Tynsong said; “At present, the full meeting has been held only once and you know that this meeting has been held only with the second rank leaders.
If this happens, soon our youth will get real government jobs in all government departments like police, health, and in all government departments our youth will get real government jobs in this state.
II.I used to hear in Ri Khasi, When the moon and the sun were shining;
Shillong: Pastor MJ Skhemlon, 92 years old, is from Mawkhan village in Mawdon Hima, Mawsynram district.
The Minister of Mylliem Hima, Bah MB Kharlukhi has urged the market dwellers to cooperate temporarily with the authorities, as he does not want to close the market as it was done last year. he promised that the Kingdom would look out for the best interests of the people.
We don't want to do that but we can't do anything,” he said, accusing the government of being against the people and against the rule of law.
Six or seven policemen, who were in the vehicle, managed to escape from the scene, the report said.
He prepared forty kinds of food for the guests.
“The worst affected areas were in Pynursla and Mawkynrew, but there were no casualties, but there were damage to roads and vehicles. the information I have received," he added.
When there are such incidents, I remember the voice of a Khasi singer, who said, “To say that it is easy, to build again is difficult”. Now, in fact, as the authorities have agreed to extend the curfew, even after it ends on the 3rd of June.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that the purpose of their visit today to hold these meetings is to explain to the people the strong foundations of the VPP and also how to bring about changes in this election.
The strike will start on the 27th and 28th of this month with a sit-in by all the teachers in front of the school and on the 29th, they will gather to hold a sit-in at all the district headquarters of the districts. that the government should take over all the teaching posts in the state.
Reginald Thabah, leader of the FKJGP, said that the FKJGP will intensify its campaign in the coming days.
Nongpoh: The body of Rotai Masong of Borkhatsari village, who went missing on the 2nd of November, was found this morning at 7 pm. , after the body of the man, fell into the water of Pung Marngar Lake.
“Immediately remove these enemies of the jaitbynriew who have been appointed as Vice Chairman, otherwise if anything happens in the future those involved in appointing them will have to take responsibility,” said the President of KSU. During the rainy season, even to go to the toilet, we have to buy water in Khliehriat, said the leaders of the Sengbhalang from East Jaintia.
Those who spoke before the funeral service condemned the incident and urged the police to work hard to track down such robbers who intimidate women and children.
Laitlum Hitters scored 93/10 in 19.2 overs. Mekhraw Pyrkhat Pathaw scored 16 runs (23) while Menang Shangpliang scored 15 runs (25). ) and Hame Bandap War scored 5/2 in 4 overs.
Uddhav said that if beef is banned in Maharashtra, why not in Goa, which is ruled by the BJP?
The court also ordered that the KHADC should immediately appoint the vacant posts of Magistrates as required.
Rakkam said that in the past, colleges have written to the government that they are not authorized to implement the NEP and the state government has also written to NEHU that colleges are not ready. However, after careful consideration, almost all the colleges in the state have agreed to implement the NEP by putting the future and welfare of the students first.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) East Khasi Hills District has denied any involvement in the decision of Bah HS Shylla to contest with the HSPDP Nongkrem.
One of the most important roads in the border areas, like other places, is the road. Once the road comes, growth comes, light comes where people can travel easily. , the kit, the thied, and so on.
Shangpung District is one of the 19 Districts in Jaintia Hills and has 22 villages. Mynktung, Mynska, Tympiahkasu, Pasyih and Phramer, Sohkai-Jarain and Rtiang-S.
The driver of the truck was arrested for not having proper documents.
These days, there are 2,000 cases per day, starting from 7th July 2021, which is the lowest number in the country and the lowest number, since U November 2020.
Shillong, July 30: “It is not too late, there is no deadline for the deadline for the deadline for filing nominations,” said Charles Pyngrope, one of the nominees for the Lok Sabha elections. the Congress.
In the 60 kg category, Wandalin defeated Priya, who is also the Asian Gold Medalist Champion, in the first round. The second round was lost due to a mistake in which the hands were raised while the season was going on.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The body of Bah Founder Strong Cajee, former MLA of Mawlai, arrived in Shillong today at 3:30 pm.
Remember not to covet what belongs to others but to earn and do only your own right.
Speaking to media, Chairman of CCIB Bah Sukkynjai Myrchiang said that since the 3rd of this month, government officials have come to Rhongkong village in Amlarem Sub Division to start the signboard erection. public opposition, especially from landlords.
He cannot inherit or extend what his Father has done and established.
Contractors should not be employed by foreign workers but should be employed by local workers.
He said that the MD has informed them that the non-payment of salaries is because the company does not have money since the factory has stopped operating for nearly 10 years and now the government has to raise funds. .
Deibormi Rngad scored 42 runs off 15 balls and took four wickets.
The Chinese rocket, weighing 21 tons, reportedly escaped from the country's computer controls, where it was supposed to fall to Earth. China's air base, which is supposed to be in the sky, could fall in New York City or Madrid, the Sun reported in London.
The closure of the HYC Mawlai Circle will continue until the Manager of the company can take action to re-employ these paradoh parasnam of the state.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Marmaiñ, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh, today held an emergency meeting on the spread of COVID-19 in Assam. The Dorbar Hall, Marmaiñ, has taken a strict decision not to allow vehicles carrying goods from Assam through the Sonapur-Marmain, Khetri-Marmain and Jagiroad-Marmain roads, especially rice and jhur. There are some people from Meghalaya who are agents to supply smuggled rice and vegetables from Assam and sell them in Meghalaya.
Therefore, the family members and others who have any connection with the deceased are kindly requested to call these numbers immediately to collect the body. No. : O/C Sadar PS 0364-2224818 /2224400, I/C Police Control Room, Shillong, 0364-2222214 / 2222215.
Shillong, July 23: The Team Revolution Mixed Martial Arts Shillong, Shillong, has excelled in the fourth round of the Meghalaya Games which ended on 20th July 2013 in the city. Now.
When we travel around the Khasi-Jaintia Hills, we see that poverty has increased and that poverty makes us feel sad and depressed.
The Ministers in charge of the Labor Department of the States/UTs together with the Chief Secretaries, Additional Chief Secretaries, Principal Secretaries (Labour), Labor Commissioners of all the States/UTs have joined via the internet. at this opening ceremony from their respective states.
Avoid foods that you don't eat and foods that don't eat at the right time.
Only those who order are available.
At the same time, he said that many questions arise these days, how in the Hima Mylliem, there are only 49 Ministers or Lyngdohs, Basan and only 30 Lyngdohs in the Hima. Khyriem and other Hima.
The Hyderabad fighter is also a prominent fighter in her career, winning a gold medal at the World Championships in Istanbul in the flyweight category. and also from the CWG tournament held last year in Birmingham in the Light Flyweight category, but her main goal now is to win the gold medal at the Olympic Games. to be held next year in Paris.
Other schools are not yet available.
On this occasion, up to 54 coffins or rot were brought to the cemetery with messages to keep away the evil of the society.
Similarly, the Meghalaya Police have urged the people on the state side not to visit the area.
Like the doctors who set up clinics around the larger markets, Donbor said that the herbalists also go from one market to another to sell medicines, and the people have known to come. He said that when there is an urgent need, the people come to their homes to get medicine.
Shillong, November 22: The KSU Thyllaw Border Unit (KSU) has expressed its full support to the proposal of Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Jaiaw Constituency to amend the Constitution of Meghalaya. The Garo or other ethnic groups should not contest the MDC elections or vote in the KHADC and JHADC.
In response to this demand, the Committee has decided that on the 29th there will be a sit in demonstration in Jowai, on the 31st in Khliehriat and on the 2nd in Amlarem Sub-Division. it runs from 10 am to 5 pm.
There are still many areas of the District Council in West and East Jaintia Hills which can be used as shelters and are still far from the villages.
In a statement, the President of the MPCTWO, Bah John Frankie Rymbai, said that the Coal Traders Association (MPCTWO) has urged the government to issue the Challan. The traders have expressed to the union that the government should issue the Challans so that they can transport or sell coal to various parts of the country. Challan or Bill is not available from the State Government.
The Ksehkohlong Village Council has lodged an FIR with the Nongstoin Police Station regarding the spread of these injections in the area.
When they sin, the children shall lay their hands on their parents.
The road was started in 2011 and has been allocated T.100 crore by the North Eastern Council (NEC) and should be completed within two years.
Rymbui needs to fulfill his promises to expedite the enhancement of ad-hoc and fourth teachers so that he can win again in
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai, Syllaikariah, has decided to boycott the counting of votes in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on the 19th of June.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 13: The residents of Mawphathien village in the Rambrai area have complained about the lack of a road.
The NGT hearing will be held on 8th November 2017 in Delhi and the lawyers of the union are ready to oppose the state government's proposal. They also demanded that the Supreme Court, in November 2017, should allow the sale of coal, which is still pending in the mines and the hearing for this will be held on 10th November the news.
The UDP also sent its special greetings to all the people of Hynniewtrep as well as to those who are far away from home.
Leaders of NESO, during a meeting with members of the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) on Friday:
NPP leaders, including Conrad Sangma and Prestone Tynsong, have been talking about forming a single government and have also shown the number 34, which is their lucky number.
There are hundreds of thousands of dollars, but if you don't have the will, you don't have anything.
We accept to join but if there is a Mandal they have to go through the Mandal.
But my dear friends, we can say that we too in our lives have many diseases that affect our bodies, but what we need is the Word of God which says “To Cast thy burden upon the Lord, and he shall sustain thee: for he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved" Psalm 55:2
As soon as the son came out of the car, Kong Lumspah cried loudly, until the son, who was running to meet his mother, cried loudly.
Other reports said that some Muslim robbers tried to rape a 16-year-old girl, who was disabled, in Jaga area of ​​the city. Now.
On the 8th, the program started with a Holy Mass at 12 noon followed by the inauguration of the Lama of the party by Bah Recallme Biam as the chief guest and Bah Romeo Lamare as the symbud chief guest in the presence of Rev. Fr John Myrboh Parish Priest of Barato Parish, Rev Fr Manbha Pakem Diocesan Youth Director, Sisters and thousands of young men and women from all over the parishes of Jowai Diocese.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: Ñiaw Wasa Utd beat Pdengkarong Youth Club 2-1 in the first leg of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023 (Jowai Zone) on Saturday. This meeting was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
“We will also write to them how they feel about the decision of the High Court and they will think how to do it,” said Bindo.
Another objective of the party is to ban intermarriage between Muslims and Hindus.
The next match will be against Delhi on 18th March and the last against Maharashtra on 20th March.
However, he said that the area has been fortunate that shortly after he was elected as the leader, he has been able to implement the scheme in which the road has now become good and has been improved. to make it easier for the people to walk, stand and carry goods.
We have also received information that this evening these two men were on their way home,” said the statement. The KJCLF strongly condemns the violence against the workers. Christian mission, and expresses its gratitude to all those who have responsibility and authority in the affairs of both the States who have been able to resolve these issues in an orderly manner.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the boundary talks in the seven areas could start in June.
“The CEM has promised to discuss this issue with the government and resolve this issue which the people strongly oppose,” they said.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ampareen said that no one can judge the personal will of anyone for any belief because it is a personal matter of man.
In Jowai, the roads in the villages and townships have turned bad during the rainy season which has caused danger not only to the school children but also to the elderly who pass through these roads.
The championship has attracted more than 50 participants from different age groups, as well as from schools from different districts in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Lamlynti (Madanlyngkhi) FC and Mawpdang SC won the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 today at the 3rd Ground. on Tuesday.
Fenela is a member of the HSPDP who lost the MLA and MDC elections from Mawthadraishan but was expelled from the party after Ardent Basaiawmoit took over as its president after the death of HS. Priest.
Instead of using it only for pleasure, it is time to think about what is good.
WOMEN Open Category: MEN Open Category: Sub Junior Girls: Sub Junior Boys: Junior Boys:.
"Informing that the weather conditions are changing, he said, in such a case, the Government had to come up with programs that could address these problems and that is why the with the Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) Approach.
Although the times have changed and the methods of teaching have changed, the purpose of teaching has not changed because the goal of Dangle School is to improve the society of tomorrow through its students. Now.
Nongpoh Police Station who arrived at the scene had to drive vehicles only on the other side of the road due to the fall of stones. hap on the road.
The Chosen People are waiting.
The school authorities should also take action against such teachers because they forget about the future of the children only after the parents have already provided them with money at a reasonable price.
“My son, even though I am old, I am glad that you are like this brother.
According to sources, the brake of the truck had failed and it could not stop when it entered the cemetery in the middle of the road. It was at that time that she went to rob these people who were still paying their last respects at that place.
Iohbhah Dhar (42, 43, 5) scored a hat-trick and Richard Dhar (36) scored the goal.
He also criticized the incumbent Congress MP, Bah Vincent H Pala, alleging that he is an MP who has suffered physical injuries and is in critical condition.
The President of HANM Central Body, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, urged the members to follow up and investigate the employment practices of the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District. “It's not a problem for the villagers of the area to fill the jobs, except for those jobs that the villagers can't do for the villagers. “Because if it cannot employ the villagers of the area, it doesn't make sense for Star Cement to make money and it should be expelled and closed down. “Even Assam has not provided anything to the company, but Star Cement has provided assistance up to T1
Jowai, Nailar, 02: The World Scouts Scarf Day (WSC) was celebrated on the 1st of July on Tuesday. Scout Masters, Guides Captains, Rover-Rangers and Scouts-Guides attended the meeting.
The source said that the purpose of the visit of the Union Ministers to the state is to ensure that the schemes allocated for the people should reach smoothly without any delay as allocated by the government. .
Shillong: The BJP candidate for the mid-term elections from Shella, Bah Joshua Warjri, has expressed his hope that he will reach the goal of victory under the guidance of God.
Above the palace is a round dome surrounded by a chandelier 33 meters high.
This will open up opportunities for small businesses to grow in online businesses.
Diganta Borah, Commissioner of Police, Guwahati, said, “The raid was conducted after receiving a tip-off about the presence of these persons. 198 boxes of soap containing drugs weighing 2.527 kilos with an estimated value of T.21 crore.
At the meeting, it was also decided to appoint skilled and intelligent personnel for various departments in order to ensure an efficient and equitable working environment in order to achieve the goals. to implement all the requirements of the National Olympic Committee (NOC).
In Langpih, the clashes between the Khasi and the Nepalis continue to this day.
However, condemning the behavior of government ministers in the state and also the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, she said, “Politicians should learn from the Minister of Mizoram government to take a sense of responsibility to step down voluntarily".
She expressed her gratitude to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Alan Sing Suiñ MLA Mawsynram, Alvin Sawkmie MDC Mawsynram and HM Shangpliang. to congratulate and encourage to win the title.
Meanwhile, NCP MLA Saleng A Sangma, who joined the Congress, said he joined the party because it has a strong platform and can work together to win many victories.
Man lives on plants such as fruits and vegetables as well as on animals to feed them.
Shillong, Lber 24: The bridge at Pung Umïam which crosses the Umïam River has turned 58 years old and according to the schedule of the engineers who built it, it has expired. weight.
From that time on, the judges, thinkers, and lawyers began to disappear.
Instead of this, it would be better to separate ourselves, Hynniewtrep Land and Garo Land.
On the other hand, the Vice-President of Laban Sports Club, Bah David Laitphlang, expressed his gratitude to the club.
The Minister also handed over checks to the winners of the Meghalaya Games 2022, which was held in Shillong recently.
He said the CM in this Budget will approve an amendment to the Sixth Schedule and insert it in Article 280 of the Constitution to strengthen the powers of the councils.
The fountain was inaugurated on Saturday in the presence of MDC Mynsngat Khanduli, Dawan Lyngdoh, Head Shnong Ma DS War, Assistant Head Shnong Ma Pius Ksoo, Secretary Ma Apostol Shadap and others.
All sin and demons are cast into the name of Jesus even Lucifer Satan will be cast into the name of Jesus of Nazareth, within 1000 years and after 1000 years to the lake of fire.
The Seng requests those students who have received the above ranks to please send Xerox copies of their Marksheet and Scheduled Tribe along with a passport size photograph, with the name of the mother. , father and village.
Pakistan's intelligence agency said one of the group's leaders had been killed in fighting with militants in South Waziristan, a mountainous region on the border with Pakistan. and Afghanistan and is also a region where alleged Islamist militants operate.
Pakistan's intelligence agency said one of the group's leaders had been killed in fighting with militants in South Waziristan, a mountainous region on the border with Pakistan. and Afghanistan and is also a hotspot for alleged Islamist militants.
The President took part in prayers and other rituals, as others do, and there, he looked around and said, “Peace be with you,” said Annie.
Nongpoh, November 23: The SELCO Foundation in collaboration with the National Health Mission of the State Government on Tuesday inaugurated another Solar Energy Plant funded by the SELCO Foundation to meet the needs of Kyrdem PHC. improve the operation of the hospital especially in terms of electricity.
What is the reason for the overpopulation of the world or the destruction of forests, crops, water and rivers?
(i) Wearing of Masks:- No one should be allowed to walk on the streets, markets or places of worship without wearing masks.
Where are the children of the country and why is the Government willing to affect even the employment opportunities especially for our youth?
The Forum sends its condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in these incidents, and prays for the recovery of all those who were injured.
According to the officer appointed to investigate the incident, Bah Zecharia Sohthiang, 25, of Mawtari Myrdon Umsning, was stabbed to death at about 3:00 pm on the 19th of this month. 3-4 unidentified persons at Police Bazar on the 1st of this month.
Deborah Marak is one of the government ministers whom the prime minister does not trust and can dismiss her at this time. Lyngdoh is another government minister who is close to the prime minister but she also said that she intends to resign because there has been pressure from the opposition and many groups that she should resign. The investigation into the corruption in the appointment of teachers will go smoothly.
L.Syiemlieh I gave the closing speech of the programme.
He said poverty, breakdown of families and unemployment, childbearing are the reasons why people quickly fall into the trap of those who run these businesses. person.
There is never fear in the working methods of the party and our struggle to take up arms is based on the history of our struggle,” said Bah Sainkupar.
The Minister also appealed to the people to be vigilant on this issue.
At the meeting led by the Chief Secretary, the committee decided not to study the rocks and soil from the village to find out the reason for the earthquake. uranium told Conrad in the meeting.
Kiren Rijiju – Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Minority Affairs6.
Sutnga, who announced the opening of the tournament, handed over a check to AMKA President Hunlang Lytan and General Secretary Ksan Warjri for the implementation of the tournament. of the union.
This means that all adhoc school teachers will strike and all adhoc schools in the state will be closed indefinitely until the government responds by implementing the demands of the teachers.
“The Syiem of Marwet gave Sanad to Sten Marak and others, who is the Syiem of Marwet? We demand the removal of the Acting Chief and the Syiem of Raid Marwet as they are involved and the Syiem of Raid Marwet should also be suspended.
To talk about Jerusalem is the longest subject because it is the City of God and is in God's eternal purpose for the people of the world.
Malaysia beat Australia 3-1 (Xin Ying Yee beat Alexandra Haydon 5-7, 7-4, 7-2, 7-4; Darren Pragasam beat Joseph White 2-7, 6-7, 1- 7; Aira Azman beat Jessica Turnbull 7-6, 7-2, 6-7, 7-1;
For this reason, as the Foundation, we want to explain to the public about the incident,” said Semi Khongtiang.
Wa siang means to eat and drink, and to cleanse the chylliang from the hands of Ri Blai for all the souls of the ancestors who have died and who have lost their lives. Those who believe that they are in the team of Trekirot and those who believe that they are all involved in Trekirot's chiroop will be able to see him from 7 o'clock. I believe that it is according to the law of God in the universe. THE SPIRIT DOES NOT DIE, THERE IS ONE SOUL THAT DOES NOT PYUT – THE SPIRIT IS IANOM IANOM HEI PYRTUID KI SANGIA.Therefore, the Ri Blai on this day from the morning to prepare and provide for all the needs is to work together with the children of the ksu, the children of the ruit, the children of the dein.
Written by Samla Hopestarwell Snaitang, Seiñduli II, West Khasi Hills District.
Don't forget this saying of the wise.
The dinner was invited by Purno A Sangma to the Shah and other BJP leaders. The dinner was attended by Ram Madhav, General Secretary. The BJP President from the state, Bah Khlur S Lyngdoh.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej was the chief guest in the presence of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Minister of State. Nongkhlaw, Bah Boldness L Nongum, Assistant Director, Constitutional Affairs Department, Kong D.Kharjana, other government officials, Advocate of the Supreme Court of India who is also Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait, Sordar of Nongrmai Village, Bah S. Nongrang, members of the Lyngdoh Nonglait Kur, students and public in the area.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday congratulated Bah Alan S. Marbaniang, Police Officer, Ri Bhoi DEF, for winning the Gold Medal in the Arm Wrestling Championship. The 72nd All India Police Wrestling Cluster.
Out of the three constituencies, Mawshynrut has only three candidates, Methodius Dkhar of the HSPDP, Gigur Myrthong of the NPP who is also an MLA and Justine. G.Momin of the Trinamool Congress.
It cannot be said that there is a lot of controversy and discussion about this throughout the Khasi Hills.
Some information about Ummat village.
Rajkhowa is a close associate of ULFA (I) leader Paresh Barua and spends a lot of time traveling to Garo Hills to and from Bangladesh. .
Leaders of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA), Gedeon Kharkongor Secretary MCA, Naba Bhattacharjee Convenor BCCI Task Force, Dhhruva Thakuria Treasurer MCA, Rayonakd Kharkamni Chairman Group and Pitch Committee, President Rajiv S. S. EJDCA President and EJDCA Secretary Tnebha Phawa said that the acquisition of the ground at Mookhep is for 30 years.
Shillong, Lber 10: South Shillong MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh has rejected the statement by the Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul that the government has decided to eradicate corruption in the state, but in fact it is They are merely false stories.
Maharashtra has reported 22,084 new cases today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 10,37,7
After this, Rupang tried to get the opinion of the UDP leaders in Mawkynrew on the political situation in the constituency.
Shillong, November 13: The U-16 boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy beat Arunachal Pradesh by 78 runs in the fourth match of the U-16 boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy which was held at Cuttack today.
In the presence of Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh and MLA Jirang Constituency, the Minister visited the Marngar Dam, which is located 5 kilometers from Nongpoh. The lake is operated by the Marngar Eco Tourism Development Society.
Hek said that so far the state has only veterinary dispensaries in East Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
On the demand to look into the education of the backward students, Prof Kma said the VC has agreed to set up a committee which will be decided by the Academic Council on the appointment of the Chairman and members.
Inrilaidor Khongthaw scored two goals while the remaining goals were scored by Melaribha Lyngdoh. , then the Ibashembha Khongsit and the Idea Kharpan.
The Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) has conducted a training on “Training on Leadership and Community Development” to train youth to become leaders in any field and also to empower youth and find opportunities. ways to solve the problems facing society.
Shillong, June 26: The UDP Youth Wing today held a meeting to discuss the problems faced by the students due to the lack of scholarships.
In this regard, the Range Officer, Bah SM Lyngdoh, said that the office will have to examine the documents relating to the site and will also have to submit a report on the inspection along with the “We are following the rules and I will have to submit a report to the DFO and the DFO will submit the report to the authorities to take a decision on this,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“We will talk about other important issues of the State, which is the voice of the people.
The lack of a policy has hampered the State Government in implementing the work because if we talk about the development of tourism it will end up only in the holding of one and two day festivals which are not don't have any idea but they are just a way to make money for someone.
Regarding this power outage, the HYC has urged the MLA and the district administration to take action so that it will not cause problems to the residents, school children and students as well as the Padu Dispensary due to the injection drugs Covid-1 19 should be kept in the refrigerator to prevent them from burning.
The NPP/UDP/HSPDP/Congress should not be involved in the elections.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today denied the allegation that there has been misuse of rice by the Social Welfare Department.
As mankind grew and multiplied, God appointed rulers.
Without the unity of the Sengbhalang, Star Cement would have won the Public Hearing, but God still loves our nation and wants our fellow citizens to breathe the wind. clean, to drink clean water, and to keep the forests and wildlife as they used to be. Company.
223 BSF personnel, 226 civilians and 57 soldiers.
In the letter, the Pastor, said in a speech, on the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of NEICC, on 18-20 June 2012 at the Presbyterian Church Rymbai, which falls under the KJP Synod Mihngi, where the “I had the opportunity to take part in the opening ceremony of this Jubilee.
With the exception of a few, most of the villagers here are well-educated, intelligent, hardworking, God-fearing, friendly, polite, ready to help the villagers who are knowledgeable and who supported their fellow villagers who were in need.
Charles Pyngrope urged the Speaker of the House to count 50 percent of his salary from June 2020 to October
“It's a really interesting conversation and it's really relevant to this time.
The BJP and its allies have made it clear that Narendra Modi will be the prime minister if it reaches the goal of forming a government.
In the third match, Nongmulieh Sehlama beat Mookhnang 1-0, Dacha Rymbai scored the first goal for Nongmulieh Sehlama in the 73rd minute.
Raising pigs, chickens, goats and cows and other livestock provides protein rich food for the people of our state.
Commander Shangpliang is one of the founders and has held the post of President since its inception.
Jowai, July 03: The Rotary Club of Jowai today joined hands with the world to celebrate the World Environment Day on the 5th July by holding a special program at Khliehtyrshi Secondary School. , Thadlaskein Block.
A big thank you to Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya for reaching a conclusion and giving a decision on the Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited.
The line ruid, which was carried out earlier, will continue as usual and the management of the road construction department will ensure that the traffic jam in Shillong and the cantonment area will end. no, in this new road construction.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills has sent a letter to the Minister demanding that he should suspend the dismissal of BDO Laskein, Bah Ferdinand Basan. He expressed his gratitude for his ability to work for the benefit of the people of this old and large Block.
This decision was taken after many of the kurs across the Bri u Hynniewtrep did not write clearly or shortly only Lyngdoh.
The Vice-President's office said in a tweet that Naidu tested positive for covid-19 this morning.
However, on the other hand, it is not appropriate, as there are other office bearers and supporters of the party who have expressed their strong opposition to the violence of the Sengbhalang, which they have expressed through the their statements in the media.
Her brother Armstrong died on Sunday while being treated at the same hospital.
This disease is very contagious.
Some of the projects through the Smart City Project include Laitumkhrah Market, Polo Market, Large Parking Lots, Smart Road and others and there are 17 projects in total,” said Ma Sniawbha.
These villages are located to the west of Mount Mawthadraishan which is the highest mountain in West Khasi Hills and the second highest mountain in Khasi Jaintia. even the Himalayas are bright in the sky.
LP School and Mupyut Govt.
Before handing over the food items to the beneficiaries, JHDS Director Father Manbha Pakem said that the donation was made through the collaboration of many organizations such as the Catholic Agency for Overseas Development and Caritas India.
Other speakers included Dr Vinod K Paul, Chief Secretary RV Suciang, Sampath Kumar and DCs from various districts.
According to the Deputy Director of KSU Mawryngkneng, the Deputy Director has promised to appoint temporary officiating teachers so that the students will not be affected. It is not enough for the party to think and not to take another difficult path.
Some of the Rangbah Shnongs who signed the letter to the SP are Bah Pynskhembor Khongmalai of Mawpran, Kyrshanlang Thabah of Nenggate, Boyal Khongthaw of Umkor, K Nongrum RS Mawriang, SB Ryngksai of Umsyiem. Lambert Khonglam, Honel Kongwang of Kongwang, Luwell Kongwang of Sohlong, Plan Kongber of Nongsyrngan, H. Khongnoh of Mawshun, PO Overness Masynting of Lapalang, HW Talang of Wahkdait, Stephan Khongmawloh of Pongtung, Batbet Marbaniang. Siatbacon and others.
The second Christian religion was the Roman Catholic Church, which was brought by Rev. Otto Hopfen Miller, a German missionary, to Laitumkhrah, Shillong on February 2,
In this partnership with private companies, if permission is obtained, the government will have a share with any company that invests and will not be able to take a decision at will.
Speaking to media, the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Umroi-Umiam, said that the reason for their meeting with the MeECL officials was to get information from them on the increase in the number of Rangbah Shnongs. There is no electricity supply to the residents of these villages.
On this occasion, the Minister also visited the children of the Hindu Mission.
Therefore, many times the reason why people perish is because they do not obey God's laws, they know, but they reject the truth, as happened to the Israelites, until they perished without God for years. 1945 AD. The reason is that they did not listen to what God had spoken about the Messiah whom God had prepared to come through this Jewish nation in Israel.
According to information received, Umsaliang and Umsalani villages are the worst affected villages. A woman named Khuni Killing was seriously injured in the incident and about 44 families were affected. scratched and ratted.
Also present on the occasion were the leaders of the Association, the village leaders of Lummawbah, former Chairperson of KHADC, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, elders and elders of the village.
They said that when they deliver the products to the market, they find it very difficult because the Mahindra pickups are willing to carry only three to fifty byrni because there is no strong bridge across the Ryndi River.
In addition, journalists must have an Identity Card issued by a newspaper, TV channel or digital channel or an Accreditation Card issued by DIPR. MEPA will write to the DIPR on this issue so that the public will not be misled by people who pretend to be journalists or journalist.
The fish vendors said that they cannot wait for the government's order to ban for 15 days, but they will do something about it by finding ways and means because the 15 days has affected the whole fish market. “The fish farm is a source of employment for the unemployed and the government cannot provide employment to them but the government's actions have affected them a lot, we don't know where The government has found that it is not a fish because when they do the test in front of us it is enough,” they said.
According to media reports, Pasricha praised Mawlynnong for its cleanliness and cleanliness.
It is not only the destruction of nature, but also the destruction of mankind.
Why? Because the Word of God has spoken.
However, on the opening day of the stadium, the Minister expressed his satisfaction by saying that it is a nightmare for the people of Tura and Garo Hills as a whole.
Jesus builds bridges and not walls.
The 160 warplanes flew for 40 minutes to attack various parts of Gaza.
“To avoid the inconvenience and suffering of the people, I have been ordered to request you not to be forced by the Building Permit of MUDA for the purpose of installing electricity or installing electricity. water which is the basic necessity of the people".
The Archbishop of Shillong Diocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, has renamed the CMC Mawiong Parish as “Mary the Queen of the Holy Rosary”. The Parish Priest of Mawlai Parish, Rev. Fr. Telesphor Nonglang and other Priests.
" revealed the friend.
Speaking in front of the students of class X and XII of Mairang in the presence of Principals, KSA members and officers of various departments, Kharbhih said that schools and colleges should be “When we enter the holy places, the spirit of differences disappears even the political feelings but the spirit of love and unity appears among us .
Shillong, June 28: The 27th June 2023 will be the 122nd anniversary of the birth of Swami Vivekananda in Shillong.
In the recent match, Indian Arrows beat East Bengal 1-2 in Bhubaneswar while Shillong Lajong beat Neroca FC 3-2 in Imphal.
I call and urge my fellow countrymen to be free.
Regarding the issue that the applicants cannot be the owners, Bah E.Kharmalki, said that he will take the matter to the Law Department to take the necessary action.
The Constitution under Article 324 empowers the Electoral Commission to appoint the electoral officers to the National Assembly and the State Legislative Assembly among other functions.
However, we don't know when it will start, so to avoid the suffering of the people, we urge the EE to send for repairs so that the traffic will be easier and to bring benefits. FKJGP Mawiet Circle President Anthony Umiong and Andrew Ryntong General Secretary Mawiet Circle said.
On the other hand, VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the party is not against the roster system but the problem is the reservation policy.
Then Bahnah prayed again like an elder with strong words.
Khliehmawlieh beat Warima Youth Club 3-1 at Chandmari Stadium in Tura on Saturday.
Before the fire brigade arrived at the scene, the BSF troops fought as hard as they could to extinguish the blaze.
Shillong, July 04: Many households in Upper Klew village have admitted that the management of the Meghalaya Rural Bank in Nongthymmai, Ri Bhoi District has ordered them to apply for a syrnod from the Sordar of the Raid. Madan Kyrdem before you get your pass book to open a new account.
I was very scared," said Vignesh, a student.
The dispenser of the petrol pump was damaged in the fire.
The hearing of this case will be held again in four months.
Government to help pay 2% loan for 12 months for Shishu MUDRA loanees- Financial assistance of Rs 1500 croreGovernment of India to help pay 2% loan for 12 months for Shishu MUDRA loan holders who have a loan of less than Rs 50,0
The NPP, which was strong in 2018 (from 2 MLAs in 2013 to 20 in 2018), may decline further due to its leadership of the MDA (anti-incumbency) government. ) current.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: All India United Democratic Front (ANDF) Chief Malauna Badruddin Ajmal has arrived in Shillong on Saturday. He also had a talk with the journalists in Shillong.
This is the account that you have access to.
Chennai City coach Akbar Nawas said tomorrow's match will be exciting as they have prepared well and will show a good performance.
Therefore, social currency is the amount of money you spend on social media.
"However, we have been able to control and any order that comes from the Court or from the Government to the Police Department we will try to follow them," he added.
The Chief Guest, Saron Pasweth, MDC Jowai South Constituency, who is also the MDC of Jowai South Constituency, urged the players to use their skills properly. don, by urging the winners to continue to play well and the losers to work harder in the coming days.
The 1st Division Football Tournament will be played between Rympei PIP and Friends United at 2:00 pm on Thursday.
According to the RTI reply, the AMD has informed that the KHADC has issued a No Objection Certificate (NoC) to the Atomic Minerals Directorate on 20th November,
The family members have informed the East Khasi Hills Police, who rushed to Barpeta and rescued the child this morning.
However, seven others were injured in the shooting, including two members of the church and two other religious leaders. in that place while the situation is not yet clear.
Ardent said his defeat in the election was not because he had to campaign for other candidates of the party but that was just a misconception and misunderstanding.
The opening ceremony was attended by Assistant General Manager, NABARD, Bah Grevile Kharlukhi, Skill Deployment Officer, West Jaintia Hills, Ma Lambormi Suchen and Director of JHDS, Fr. Manbha Pakem.
The family members of the family have lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya House in New Delhi and the staff of the Meghalaya House have lodged a complaint with the Gurugram police. , in which they lodged a complaint against the Gurugram police, which prompted them to take action.
Jowai, Nailur, 01: Members of the SWCJ led by the President, Alan Niangti and the General Secretary, Riquoma Rq.Laloo on Thursday visited the Maternal & Village Council (SWCJ). The Child Health (MCH) Hospital in Panaliar, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District, has been closed after receiving complaints from many residents regarding the problems they are facing due to the lack of staff.
The funeral service will be held on the 19th November 2015 at 1 pm at his village in Dawki.
The BJP has contested from all nine constituencies in the mid-term MDC elections including Hubert Marbaniang from Laban-Mawprem, Mamiry Nongkhlaw from Nongkrem, Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh from Nongspung-Sohiong and Counselor Singh. Shillong, November 2: U MDC of Nongkhlaw-Mairang, Thandarsing Warjri of Pariong-Mawthadraishan, Denestar Pariong of Rambrai-Jyrngam and Kmenlang Kyndait of 7 War-East Constituency. Neil Antonio War, who has left the Congress party, has recently joined the new BJP party.
“During this meeting, some issues have been resolved and some issues have not been resolved because it requires the approval of the Ministry of the Union Government,” he said.
“Therefore, keeping in mind the revenue collection in the state, we have decided to increase it by 50 naïa in the first phase,” he said.
This is according to a statement released by Marshal Biam.
Shillong, March 12: Although many Congress MLAs have sent their supporters to join other political parties, they are still hiding from the sidelines because of being criticized by the party.
In its decision on the NGT's ban on mining in the State, the Supreme Court has made it clear that the natural resources belong not only to this heritage but also to future generations.
N.Bareh scored the fourth goal for the team in the 43rd minute before scoring the fifth goal in the 48th minute to give the team a 5-0 win. col.
Only a well-fenced premises shall be allowed to hold public meetings and the fence shall be paid by the candidate.
Riquoma Rq.Laloo in his speech urged the children not to get involved in drinking and smoking as it is the enemy of man and the most terrible disease which can kill even human life and is also the cause of you are sick.
The Khasi people have expressed their gratitude to the former CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, for passing the Khasi Social Customs Bill
Shillong, Nailar 29 : The Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday said that his department will submit the blueprint for the relocation of 342 households from Them Metor to the urban area. High Level Committee on the 31st of this month.
In his speech, Bah KP Pangniang, President of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) Central Body, explained some of the principles of the HSPDP since its inception. The party has been fighting for Meghalaya for many years and has now completed 55 years in the service of the people of the state.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated Himanta for taking the time to come to the Secretariat to meet to discuss the issue of border demarcation.
The Roman Empire captured the city and held it for 666 years.
At the same time, sports organizations from village clubs, sports organizations in Districts and the State should reform and transform their working methods on the following principles (i) that sportsmen should lead and (ii) to conduct sports activities by knowledgeable and trained persons (iii) to open up and select the best from among the best without discrimination and (iv) have a transparent and accountable business process.
MeECL has ordered the transformers to be sent to Guwahati where Satnam's godown is located.
“As it is the duty of the state government to punish the builders for this incident, perhaps due to negligence or insufficient procedures, the court does not feel it is right. Therefore, to do the work immediately without first giving permission to the authorities to do so according to the law.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Shimladbiang Rynjah, Vice-President of SNTSK, said that the SNTSK has decided to lodge a complaint against the DC. to cooperate with the DC as requested to try for only 10 days.
“But he takes this decision for himself and his family.
Bonney said that out of 2000 villages in the state, he has visited 600 villages and said that the quality of education in these villages has declined significantly. education does not change, so there is a big problem for the future of the students.
People working in some government departments who have to go to work such as security personnel, medical team personnel and Public Health Engineer (PHE) personnel Employees of the Public Works Department (PWD), Food and Civil Supply Department, Shillong Municipal Board, MeECL, Telecom, Telegraph&IT Service and Banks.
Members of the opposition had raised a dispute with School Education Minister Harjot Singh Bains in the Punjab Vidhan Sabha last month over the shortage of teachers in schools, the lack of space for children with disabilities. come from poor families and marginalized groups in private schools and rapid construction growth in schools that were already well equipped within the state.
Shillong, June 27: The State Government is still considering the demand of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) to upgrade the Adhoc teachers to less than 5,0 in the whole state of Meghalaya.
Don't be afraid of those who are stupid.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 12: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of South West Khasi Hills District (HYC) has expressed its regret to see that the Government of India through UCIL still has a plan to mine uranium in the South West. Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, there are drug users who steal not only from the homes of others, but also from their own homes to get money to buy drugs.
After setting a high target, SCA -B stood firm without any pressure to chase towards the target and managed to score 46 runs in 5.3 overs before the rain stopped.
“We would like to thank the BDO of Khliehriat, Bah Clement Mawkon, who witnessed the incident from the time he received the information until the fire was extinguished and is still today to investigate and estimate the loss,” he said. , said one of the Rangbah Shnongs of the village.
Because the record keeping in the police department is also not very good.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress has launched the Meghalaya Youth Empowerment Card, which will provide financial support to youth up to 1,000 tyngka per month and 12,000 tyngka per annum if the TMC comes to power in the upcoming elections. .
In the tableau, District Horticulture Officer, Jowai came first, District Commerce & Industries Centre, Jowai came second and Water Conservation Officer Territorial Division, Jowai came third.
There are 57 roads in Jowai.
When asked whether an FIR will be lodged or an investigation will be conducted, she said the government has talked to the wholesalers, shopkeepers and fish traders, where they have been informed of the need to follow the rules. step to have safety for their customers.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya today ordered that banks from 27th October 2020 to adopt and implement National Electronic Funds Transfer (NEFT), Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) and other requirements for the withdrawal of money from the bank accounts of the people .
The HSPDP MDC from Mawshynrut said that on the 18th of this month, a meeting of the Primary Units of the HSPDP will be held in Mawshynrut to discuss the opposition of the HSPDP to his support. He said that he and the party leaders will explain to the people why he has left to support the PDF. When asked how he feels that the HSPDP Central Body has given him time to ask. Morning said the apology to the PDF is different but to force to withdraw is not possible because he has taken a decision. .
He praised the teachers who have dedicated themselves to provide education to the children and build their future.
Instead of getting First Division, your children will only reach the mark of 2nd or 3rd Division.
We must not forget that the BJP's goal is to destroy and completely eliminate the INC or Congress from India.
Shillong, July 24: The Maitshaphrang Movement Movement (MAM) on Tuesday announced that it will hold a competition to compose a song to unite the Hynniewtrep people from the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Malki SC have surprised the fans again in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 at the Third Ground, Polo today.
They said that the inability of the former MLA of Nongstoiñ to show by his works, has led them to join the NPP. dong you play chess.
On 8th November 2018, Anges Kharshiing President of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CWWO) and Amita Sangma, along with their driver, Bah E Kurbah, were attacked by gunmen. About 40 people were killed at Tuber Sohshrieh village in East Jaintia Hills District.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: The 15th Shad Suk Mynsiem, organized by the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills at New Nongstoiñ Square today, was a success with the participation of 149 youths and 199 youths. Twenty young women from all over the country came to participate.
Bah Sohliya congratulated the Republic to all those who attended the celebration and also to all the residents of the District as a whole.
Speaking on the budget, Bah Gigur Myrthong Deputy CEM in charge of the Council said that he congratulated all the Members of the House who took part in the budget. Out of the 15 people who nominated but 11 people did not take part.
Shillong: Meghalaya lost by seven wickets against Manipur in the opening match of the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 tournament in Chennai today.
The development of traditional farming methods, organic farming, other types of fertilizers, new innovations such as nano fertilizers and bio fertilizers can help in the restoration of the environment.
We all have our own vision and understanding of life and this happens to all of us.
Before the start of the climb to the holy mountain, the Committee of Tymmen U San together with the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, held a thanksgiving ceremony at the gate opposite the Umiam Pond. as a sign that once again, I have not heard or heard from the Lord God, from the Ryngkew Ki Basa, as I have done, I have not prayed for ten days, nor for ten months, but the day has come for us. to walk the path to climb to the top of the holy mountain of Sohpetbneng to fulfill the thanksgiving to God of the Dem Blei.
Then the proconsul, when he saw what was done, believed” (Acts 13:6-12).
On the 2nd and 5th of that month, the resolution of sciences and commerce was issued.
The construction of the office or Bhavan shows us that this unfair behavior will lead to the destruction of sports activities in the State.
The Cabinet will meet at 3 pm and there will be a presentation on the Roster System.
“If you have anything new, ask him questions,” the judge said.
During the meeting, the Police Chiefs of Ri Bhoi, explained to the public on the need for cooperation between the Dorbar Shnongs and the Police, in order to curb crime and especially for the purpose of to bring good to the society.
“Many villages have experienced more drought than summer,” said the Sohra MDC.
Then he says, “The highest manners” and teaches us to speak well, act well, walk well, even in eating, drinking, cleaning and dressing.
WhatsApp Chat with Rilin – rupangnews@gmail.com – Gmail.
Earlier, an 8.5 magnitude earthquake struck in 1950, causing loss of life and damage to homes.
He said that the NPP candidate Bah Samlin Malngaing is unfounded and this can be witnessed by his resignation from the foundation that won him in 2018 to join the NPP. Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Sandondor said that as in Sohiong, the NPP has received only HSPDP members and even many of the HSPDP members and workers are still with them. the party to this day.
However, it is not easy to count him as a dark horse, because he is not an MDC. On these facts, does it stand that the Congress will win from all these constituencies? Let's wait for the time.
The makeup artist is Susan Dkhar.
After the walk, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh as the chief guest and the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, visited the Krem Lambit. On this occasion, the speakers urged the people to be calm so that the tourists can be happy and safe when they come to their places and it will also be a source of income especially in the country. The Law Kyntang which is still being preserved by the people and also the presence of Krem Lymbit in the area which can attract tourists and as the officer in charge of the department He also appealed to the people to preserve the area and to reduce the construction of buildings which could destroy the area.
Pawar strongly criticized Modi for his remarks that he allowed his brothers to be free in Maharashtra.
Shillong: A man from Assam and resident of Ri Bhoi District has tested positive for Covid-19, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said on Twitter.
Prestone said that after the increase in the price of meat, he called a meeting with the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Association where the Association raised their issues before the Minister. .
Shortly after the same day, another residence of NCP MLA Prakash Solanke in the district was destroyed and set on fire by the protesters. Maharashtra Chief Secretary Ajit Pawar.
These women, elders and youth were welcomed by the Working President of the MPCC, Bah PN Syiem and in the presence of the Vice President of the MPCC, Bah P.Lyngkhoi. Congress District President and Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar and other Congress party leaders.
Shillong, Lber 23: The President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) Bah Kitborlang Nongrem on Tuesday said that it is not true that the NPP youths have participated in the MP elections as alleged by other political parties. .
Zenith also alleged that the government's intention to allocate MeECL land is to benefit some people, in which when the prime minister removes James PK Sangma from the electricity department and he will be given by the Ministry of Tourism.
On the other hand, the leaders of FKJGP Nartiang urged the Minister to upgrade Nartiang PHC to CHC or to provide full time doctors and nurses.
“The objection is that the government has appointed only one of the four persons as promised to the land owners who have given more than 10 acres of land to the government. a hostile crowd," he said.
The powerful and wealthy young man left his fame and joined dirty politics, he did not have the sportsman spirit in fact he should have handed over to his family the remaining jobs of his father.
Guwahati: There have been 568 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 14,600 as of last night.
“Noting that the NDA Government lives by creating ethnic discrimination, discrimination, whether in rank, religion or humanity, the leader on the other hand said that the party leader, Rahul Gandhi believed in uniting the country for peace and harmony because India is a country that believes in unity.
“But now in Sohiong, when they speak, they allege that the NPP is leading from bad to worse,” he added.
It is a hidden plan of the BJP government in Delhi to appoint a Governor as a central political agent who does not speak English in Christian states where tribal areas such as Meghalaya so that Hinduism can work gradually in such states.
The District Magistrate has also informed that all those passes issued before the 16th of this month will no longer be valid.
He said that there are more than 12,000 members who have registered with the Shillong Bar Association.
Two MCCL toilets have been destroyed on Tuesday, which has shocked the people of the area.
It also exposes that desire to seize power and dominate others.
“I have suggested to the Prime Minister to build a highway from Guwahati to Shillong-Dawki to Chittagong Port, Bangladesh. The road to Kolkata is 11,000 km away but the Chittagong port is only 610 km to Guwahati.
According to the voters, Marak had lodged a complaint against seven people who went to submit the forms at his residence on July
Speaking to reporters, Charles Pyngrope said that Dr Mukul Sangma will contest from Songsak and Tikrikilla constituencies.
According to the story of this rangbah, he used to come to feed his children but he was expelled by the village authorities and he did not get anything or anything else, so as a father he could not leave his children alone. On 08/07/2021, the Rangbah Shnong of Joinbor Shabong together with the members of the village called him from home that there was a sick person in the village. You have not been able to change the Ordo.
“Look, I have to look after the child at home now but I am happy that there are workers,” said Santa and took the child in her arms.
Shillong: The KSU Umdohlun Circle will hold a sit-in in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, Mawkyrwat on the 23rd of this month from 10 am. .
Members who took part were Ricky Ksing – Asst.
She also criticized the non-release of the report by criticizing the MR's claim that the report weighs 50 kilos.
On the other hand, the officer promised to take action on this demand of the Seng.
Meghalaya scored 113 runs in the first innings after Sikkim tied first and won the toss.
One of the demands of the union is to expedite the work of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) and to send an inquiry to the CBI to find out the root causes of the collapse of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL). an.
Police have arrested four persons from Ri-Bhoi District and seized an unexploded IED bomb.
Marak said the meeting also decided to send a memorandum to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to end the bloodshed in Manipur immediately and bring peace and stability. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament (MCA) has been canceled due to bad weather conditions today.
He said that there is still a problem and that is why the government has not been able to send a proposal to bring back the freight trains.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit said that KHNAM has decided to hold a sit-in without delay to force the government to pass the Village Administration Bill. without further delay.
“When the leaders recognize only those families who support them, those who do not support do not receive these assistance but only those who support.
The organization is taking this step because its objective as a student organization is to promote education.
Shillong, Nailar 04 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Friday announced that out of all the constituencies, the Shillong East Constituency is the most likely to win the 2023 MLA elections.
Let him that hath understanding count the mark of the beast..." (Revelation 13:18).
In the Under-17 men's category, Ri Bhoi beat West Garo Hills 3-0, West Khasi Hills beat East Garo Hills 3-0 South Garo Hills beat North Garo Hills without scoring a goal.
Rani said such a statement is unacceptable as it is intended to mislead the people of the state as the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873 is still in force.
While other parties like the TMC, UDP and others have tried to respond to the letter without any other purpose against the preaching of freedom of religion in India, the BJP has struggled to respond to the letter. The TMC is doing politics by accusing Christians of doing politics.
G20 members understand that in order to solve climate and environmental problems, large-scale actions must be taken around the world and these must be shared globally so that the transition to the answer is fulfilled.
They said that they strongly demand that the KHADC and the Syiem should immediately abolish this illegal village within the land of the Khasi people.
Therefore, to avoid embarrassment, the Government should have thought carefully and not allowed the introduction of CISF in the state as it will affect the Police who know better the operations and to communicate with the residents. village of the state.
The Minister said that a public tender has already been called for the land so that those who bid high prices can get it.
Robert June Kharjahrin was accompanied by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, HSPDP President, his wife, MLAs, MDCs and others. .
There are 9 policemen in Ri Bhoi District.
Seventeen MLAs have resigned as Parliamentary Secretaries after the Meghalaya High Court struck down the Appointment, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 2016.
True repentance and strength from the Lord God are needed.
Ika Siangshai is from Moolamanoh village, East Jaintia Hills.
In the Men's Doubles Senior category, Sosthenes Sohtun and Babit L Mawlong won the title while Franky L Nongbri and Pynsuk Synrem came second.
“I feel like I wrote this letter myself,” said Bah Shylla in his reply.
“This action of the KHADC is not right because it has been dropped without listening to the opinion of the people,” said Bah Bung in a statement.
The answer itself made it clear that the desire of the youth to get an artificial turf field has been a dream since the past years.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of three political parties, the Ribhoi Youth Organization (RBYO), the MPUF and the MPSO, on Tuesday held a meeting with the Myanmar People's Liberation Organization (MPSO). Special tribute to the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal regarding the severe impact of the Ribhoi area by the government's power outage.
The examination was held recently at the Lakshmibai National Institute of Physical Education in Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh.
Shillong, July 12: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (KHADC) on Friday clashed with the police who were trying to lock down the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). guarded in front of the gate to enter the Council grounds.
If its functioning is disrupted in any way it can make you lynga, and can also cause serious damage to the liver, kidneys, kidneys and cause weight gain or loss. thyroid disease affects you.
Babysunday scored another goal in the 90+2 minutes to give Lajong their third victory in the tournament.
It is now understood that the final decision is up to the State Government whether or not to allow Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit to complete the pending task; However, the HNLC will not object if the Pastor continues in his post, which has been pending since
Speeches were also delivered by Tymmenbasan PM Pamshong and other dignitaries.
Shillong, July 21: Along with the rest of the world, Meghalaya has celebrated Yoga Day on Sunday 21st July in many places.
KHNAM said that it does not accept such actions by any government department.
“When I look at the statement of the person who has claimed to be Secretary Incharge of AITC, Abhishek Benerjee, I think it is the first time that he has visited the state. “I see that he is still a politician,” said Bah Tynsong.
Rahul Bose, one of the famous Bollywood actors, stayed at a hotel in Chandigarh a few days ago and after a gym session, he wanted to eat kait and asked for two kait, but , he was surprised that the price of these kait was T.442.50 pisa.
Ribok said this to the people who gathered at the Sohra Police Station today , after the KSU had talked to the police regarding the arrest of two members of the KSU in night of the 2nd.
He said that taking into account the allocation of only three months, it will allow the members to complete the documents regarding the expenditure and also this will open the door to complete the requirements. especially in relation to the payment of salaries to the members, officers and other employees of KHADC as well as the payment of pensions to those who have retired.
He said that this competition will open the door for the youth to showcase their talents and abilities not only at the district level but at other higher levels as well. of.
Furthermore, the Seng urged the Minister not to have an agreement with the MLA Scheme about 50% and the MGNREGS scheme as most of the MLA scheme goes only to the people whom the MLA has appointed. However, if there is no agreement to distribute the MLA Scheme and MGNREGS, it will benefit the people.
In the final match, Mawkriah West SC beat Pommura SC 2-1 to win the title.
NEFIP will support the states demanding ILP and NRC. It has also decided to take action to demand the implementation of UNDRIP and NEFIP has also expressed its support for the Mizoram Registration of Household Bill which is a law to The Governor of Mizoram is currently pending the approval of the scheme to protect the citizenship of foreigners in Mizoram.
“The shortage of electricity in Wapungskur has caused problems to the consumers, so we have demanded from MePDCL to install another 200 KV transformer to meet the electricity needs in Wapungskur,” said the KSU Wapung Unit.
Bangladesh says the ban on mobile phones is temporary and is on the orders of the government.
“The driver of the vehicle is very worried about the bad condition of the road,” said the driver.
In the second leg, Sailung Ialong won the title by beating Mukhla Raij 3-1
Salary:- Rs.15,000/- per month (fixed).
When asked about taking responsibility for the problem caused by CUET, Rakkam said that the NTA has conducted the examination without informing the State Government and the district authorities to help. to ensure the safety of traffic and to have more examination centers and the deployment of security forces.
The fruit of wrath and jealousy cause loss in many areas.
When will our nation wake up and gain insight into the election of leaders?These are our leaders who think that by joining BJP or any other political party that promises to invest for the development of Their constituency, they will join that party and in my opinion this is just an idea.
In November 2010, the court sentenced Asia to death and ordered her to pay a fine of £2,180, which she could not afford, as she earned £2 ten days.
Gaurishankar Vaishnav, VP and Center Head, Hyderabad and Shillong,
Let us unite in prayers so that we can live in peace," the Forum said.
At the start of the second innings, Arunachal scored 31/5 and Apandanka took four wickets.
But the surprising thing is that in Israel the Gospel of Jesus Christ would not have been preached until before the coming of Jesus Christ to this world.
Setmon died after being shot in the head, while Birest was believed to have been shot in the neck or chest.
The flag was hoisted by the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri (former Official President of MSOA) in the presence of the Director of Sports. Speaking before the opening ceremony, Shakliar Warjri, General Secretary of MSOA, Bah Finely L Pariat and other senior members of MSOA and DSYA. The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs said that he has received information that about 80% of the youth have not had enough time to prepare for this. participants in this race should continue to take care of themselves in order to have a healthy body.
When the village leaders ask why they don't work properly on the road, the answer is that they don't get money from the Government,” said the statement.
“We understand the impact of the sudden increase in the price of meat and now the market has declined from the previous year,” said Bah Warlarpih.
The speakers informed the public about the work done by the BJP Government in recent years to punish the people of the village by introducing various issues which have caused ethnic discrimination, religious discrimination and violence against the people. They cited the example of the bloodshed in Manipur where the violence continues due to the unfairness of the BJP. They cited the laws that the BJP Government has introduced such as the CAA, and the introduction of chess is the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
“As we celebrate the journey towards the 75th anniversary of independence and the 50th anniversary of independence, we can see the passion, love of the people of the state for the the tricolor flag of the country at this time.
She said that some people are proud that those soldiers went to Himachal Pradesh to sing the Prah song but they don't know that it is a word that affects the nation.
After the 'Seh bhang' at about 1.30 pm, the two groups will cross the 'Khnong blai' and after this the two groups will hold the 'Charoh blai' to Aitnar.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that he is 100 percent sure that the government in “I am 100% sure that the next government will not be the Congress, but I see that the leading party is the NPP, the PDF also has 26 to 30 candidates, if we win “We have only 50% of the power with the NPP, so I dare to tell you that the NPP and the PDF are the leading political parties to form a coalition in the next government,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ. Referring to the national parties, he said that the UDP and HSPDP are the political parties that have declined. “Look at the district councils. “There are 4 MDCs, the Congress has only 4 MDCs, the PDF has 10 MDCs,” he said.
In 2013, which was the first year of the festival, groups from different villages came to take part to encourage them.
Imphal: About eight MLAs from Manipur, who belong to the Naga community in the state, have expressed their opposition to the demand for self-government. 10 Kuki-Zo MLAs from Manipur.
On the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said in front of the people that he will strive to work well and give the best to the people.
The match ended with Croatia beating France 1-0 to take three points at the Stade de France in Paris.
The meeting was chaired by the Chairman of the Managing Committee of the school, Pastor WC Khongwir.
JOWAI: Rymbai Village, East Jaintia Hills District has been selected as a Digital Village by the Government of India.
The meeting was held at the Multipurpose Hall, Deputy Commissioner's Office, Laitlawsang in the presence of officers and employees of the district.
Shillong, July 27: The National People's Party (NCP) has released its candidates for the upcoming MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC. Meristela Wahlang of Laitumkhrah-Malki, Moina of Phyllut Nartiang, Wantipsngi Rabon of Raliang, Ojanris Rabon of Shilliangmyntang.
Nongpoh, July 08: A woman has lost her life in a serious accident after electrical posts carrying a truck fell on the highway at Umtrew, Ri. -Earthquake District.
The exercise, which will last for six months, will be attended by tens of thousands of soldiers from different countries. last year.
The two mines that have started operation are Kamarhatu in Sadar Block and Karanjia in Jagannathpur Block, which covers an area of ​​8-1 shape.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: There have been many discussions among the people after the announcement of the MP resolution 2014, and the most surprising issue that has surprised the people is the inability of the BJP to show the my strength in Shillong Constituency.
Jowai, June 01: The Jowai Youth Federation (JYF) Jowai Circle today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes (IAS). They have been destroyed for many days in parts of Ïawmusiang.
The total number of cases in Assam has risen to
The winner of this tournament will be between Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC and Thun FC. The final match of this tournament will be played on 20-4-2024 at 1 pm. The Tournament Committee of Pdengshakap in a statement sent by the Sports Secretary Bah Oriswell Khyriem once again invites all the football fans of the area to attend the tournament. the Final match.
In the month of April 2023, the Jaintia Hills Development Society, as a group that always looks after the poor and needy families, on this occasion, has donated assistance by rebuilding the shop of this woman. and cooperation with the Office of KHUBLEI Germany.
These projects have cost T.212.82 crore.
Delhi Police today arrested five foreigners who used to commit such fraud especially against women from the North East. All five of them are from Nigeria.
According to the residents, it is suspected that these robbers were in large numbers and came in vehicles to travel from one village to another. away from each other.
Nongpoh, Nailar 25: In an unusual incident, a bridge which was planned to be built for traffic collapsed while the workers were busy pouring dewbilat on the The collapse of the bridge happened at Pamlatar village, Ri Bhoi District.
Bah M Marbaniang EE Tourism was also present on the occasion.
The Seng urges all the students to win the elections so that they can reap the fruits of victory and by their ability to do well it will bring glory not only to them but to their families. especially to the parents who have worked hard and supported the body and soul as well as to the nation as a whole.
Referring to the Border Areas Department, Charles said the department has already approved T.1.39 crore for the establishment of a fish seed farm and many development projects. Instead of the private sector, he said, this has resulted in a loss of T.49.23 lakh.
Hearing that voice, our people at that time were shocked and loved that voice, so they decided to take that voice which the Missionaries used to sing. period.
Shillong, Lber 10: The HSPDP and UDP have four seats each for the Executive Member seat, KHNAM has three seats, while the HSPDP has three seats for the Executive Member seat. UDP has two members and KHNAM has one.
Speaking on the allegation that there has been a theft by Bah Hamletson Dohling and Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar at the MUDA office in the past months, he said that after further investigation through RTI, he found out that there was a theft. What these Ministers have done is not illegal because there is no clear rule on the appointment in this department.
We will continue soon if we have the opportunity,” said Bah Sokon.
“The Sengbhalang or anyone else can help the Council to inform if they find anyone doing illegal trade,” said Bah Paul.
The Seng through its President Iatha Najiar has requested RTI from the JHADC and also from the PWD (Buildings) department.
Shillong, July 27: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today said that he wants the Home Ministry (HM) to withdraw the Village Administration Bill (VAB). ) the KHADC with comments so that the KHADC can correct the shortcomings of the Bill.
He said that in fact they have informed the BDO about this.
So far, police officials said they have identified about 36 dangerous places along the river.
“We will increase the admission of students at IIM to 20,000 from 10,000 to create opportunities for the youth,” Javadekar said after the conclusion of the 19th Directors' Meeting of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Shillong. on this day.
The GS of the Youtuber Association Meghalaya said that the internet not only provides income to the youth, but also helps the youth to find jobs and also helps the students to make it easier for them to get jobs. Learn more about their subjects.
The strength of the fire and smoke, to burn the human body, depends on a sign, which is tied to the lid of the atoskhana pit, which is at the top of the astoskhana and if the lid is completely loosened , the wind will blow so fast, that even clothing can be blown into the air.
Now the public garbage dump in Marten has been destroyed.
And the storm of the sun came upon them, for they knew not the calamity that was coming upon them.
With this victory, Lajong have qualified for the semi final of the tournament.
Rising prices can lead to increasing poverty and threaten many households.
It is learned that at this electricity pole, there were trucks passing by, which used to lymbub this electricity pole and when there was such an incident, it was seen that the signs collided. and then a fire raging around the area.
Meanwhile, the Governor of the State, V Shanmuganathan, will conclude on the 21st of June.
Even if you are in the Class – IX (Nine) course, you have a difference, because there are many types of letters, the way you write letters is not taught in these two classes. they have a difference from one another.
Besides these 13 persons, there is another person who has disappeared into the crematorium.
Those who came to participate were also informed that under the scheme, the annual income declared by any person will be taxed at 30% and the Krishi Kalyan Cess at 25%. the tax due.
“Para ri, we must understand that the citizenship of the state will soon disappear if we just fight, but let us suffer and come forward to stand on one basis that we want the ILP. “It's a good idea to work immediately in the state,” said Frederick.
There is no need for democracy if there is no one to point out the mistakes of the government.
Zoramthanga also thanked the IMA for not taking strong action to punish his daughter, Chhangte.
There is also the need for them to have children when they grow up and from this scheme, 10 tulas of gold will be given from the Arundhati scheme and a sum of T. 50thousand to each girl child.
The dance was held with the prayer for good health and well-being.
Elgiva Rynjah, Trinamool Congress is another young woman who wants to show the people how much she wants to serve. She has revealed that she is one of the former secretaries of the Congress party but she has fled. Dr Mukul Sangma, because he said that there is no bright future in the Congress.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 7,3
When you think about it, it is because there is no root in the home and even in the state.
He admitted that just because his wife had told them not to speak in tongues, these people, who were about three or four people who lived nearby, attacked Bah. Lahbor and bomb with a tyrnem from parts of the body until he lost consciousness.
The Minister said that in the past five years, they have not been able to complete various projects as a step towards the development of Meghalaya in the field of sports so that it can become a state of sports. the National Sports Hub or the sports hub.
It is said that this species of insect has eaten all the symbols of Kba and left only the jyntang.
For Madhya Pradesh, it is understood that the Congress High Command has elected Kamal Nath as the new Chief Minister of the state.
He said that regarding the appointment of these two foreigners as vice chairman, the government will consider soon.
Sunil Deodhar, National Convener of BJP North East India Sampark Cell will be present on the occasion.
In the third division, Moosianglamare New and Tuber Shohshrieh won and qualified for the quarterfinals.
When asked whether he has received any assistance from the government, he said that he has not received any assistance from the government, but he said that he has received a small scheme through the DIC, Ri Bhoi District.
Many of the residents of the village have complained about the division of the KHADC constituency as the same village has been divided into two parts.
On Sunday night, the father, mother and Gratia sat down together to teach her how to maintain relationships and especially how to respect and show respect to the teacher. said the mother who was still sitting on the mule, look tomorrow when you start going to the shop you should show humility in front of the employer and that humility will improve you later because when you are humble there will be improvement. .
After this, it was also seen that the government has come up with the idea to create ways and means how to help these people who have been considered as shempap ​​and have suffered from the shock of life. make them go to that border.
It may be recalled that the Umling parking bridge, run by Bah Gavin Mylliem, has been closed since 2016 and through this order of the court, it will resume operation after two years. an.
The driver of the vehicle said that in both the vehicles, there was money.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong, the Working President of the union, Dundee Khongsit said, “The government should have It should first install smart meters in factories, government quarters and various departments if it wants to see the benefits of installing smart meters.
Narayanasamy also alleged that the NDA government is against the hill tribes and trying to create religious hatred.
Therefore, the feeling that exists in Man, that also exists in God!!! Christians believe that God is ANGRY, THUT SHEN, PUNISHMENT, and on the contrary, He has LOVE, MERCY, KNOWLEDGE, and others as these qualities are related. ha U Briew!!! Furthermore :- The appearance of Jesus to take on humanity, in the plan of God, is another part of our understanding of the nature of God? ??In the preparation or mission of God, Jesus came to earth in a special way that reflects the nature of God in LOVE, MERCY, LOVE. The news of the birth of Jesus was proclaimed as the GOOD NEWS. The Christian teaching says that Jesus Himself is God, and He is the Mystery or Divinity, which He took (Incarnation) to come. longbriew to the world.
The village has taken this decision after careful consideration so that it will not affect too much the time of the residents especially those who live in this area which is in the middle of Jowai.
In the second service which started at 10:30 pm and was conducted by Samla Blestingwell Wahlang, the service was filled with songs, readings from the Word of God and the Choir by the members of the Church. Youth Prayer and special songs which encouraged and encouraged the faithful of the Church.
The advertisement was published on November 2, 2022 and applicants are requested to apply by November 10,
The delegation was led by KSU Bengaluru President Samla Donboklang Nongphud, Vice President Judicial Nongphud and General Secretary Youni Dame Suchiang.
The death toll from the Corona Virus in China has risen to 131. In Hubei province, 25 people have died and 840 people have been infected.
The election for the Speaker of the Sohiong Assembly Constituency has been postponed due to the death of one of the candidates for Sohiong, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who is the candidate of the United Democratic Party. .
Meghalaya has demanded two MLA sessions, one Winter Capital Session in Garo Hills, one Winter Capital Session in Shillong to be held only for Khasi MLAs in Shillong, and other sessions as well. .
He said that these youths should read the rules of the District Council to understand.
They scored 202 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 40 overs.
Gourab Gogoi has slammed the BJP for inviting Congress MLAs to the party, accusing them of corruption.
Therefore, as a society, if we cannot clean up the roads, it is better not to allow foreigners to clean up the roadsides.
“It's water melon,” said Rangsan who was watching WhatApps.
This president's rule will cause more trouble after the CAA is passed. This same reason could also affect any difference of opinion with the central government such as the implementation of ILP in our state, the Land transfer act, privatization of industry like Cement factory, M.E.E.Cl.
The awarding ceremony was held first for three wrestlers including Margaret Pathaw who received a cash prize of Rs 5 lakh followed by Angel Mary Mylliemulong Khunsyiem and Alexander Lynhgdoh who received Rs 1 lakh each. to win the medals of the 43rd World Arm Wrestling Championship and the 24th Para Arm Wrestling Championship held in Turkey.
They also said that not all of them have been trained in this field but it is because they enjoy the job which makes them search for information through YouTube about the techniques and techniques. how to act and produce music videos.
So far, there have been nearly 1,800 guns surrendered.
“If the factories do not implement the new price set by the government, we will not allow the trucks of the factories to run and we will continue our protest,” said Nidamon Chullet President JHTOA. The State Government on 25th September 2020 in Notification NO.TPT.91/80/813 has increased the fare of trucks from T.7 to T.11 per kilometer per tonne on the roads. rong, T.8 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer on roads and T.10 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer on dirt roads.
Besides, they have taken away a lot of land from our country and annexed it to Garo, Assam and the Radcliffe Boundary Award Commission has marked the border with East Pakistan from the foothills of Ri War. and we have lost many large fields and places like Angajur and Fatehpur.
“I feel that all these information should be confirmed first and the police have now started working hard to ensure that no one will stand or walk in the middle of the night.
The reply also informed that the recruitment process for the posts allocated in the Meghalaya Lokayukta is ongoing and is expected to be completed within three months.
BSF troops saw a Mahindra Pickup carrying heavy bags near the India-Bangladesh border. They fled as soon as they saw the soldiers and when they reached the place they found that they were wearing Sari clothes.
“We have also learned that factory owners, when Khasi come to work, they harass them by making them work harder so that they can leave and allow foreigners to hire,” he said.
Replying to the construction of the dome, the Lamphang said that all the debris from the collapse has been cleaned and the marking of the building has been in progress.
Infection can be prevented by providing drinks that have been thoroughly tested to be safe or harmless, such as clean water, soda water, or hot water.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills has imposed section 144CrPC on the pollution of the Myntdu River through the landslide from the ongoing construction of the new Jowai Bypass road from Khliehtyrchi to Treiongriang. The PWD Department and M/s Dhar Construction Company have ordered to immediately suspend the construction of this road until measures have been taken to prevent the flow of soil into the river.
If we elect such people to be our “leaders” then it doesn't matter that our state has declined dramatically in many areas.
Delhi has increased by 5 per cent in terms of crimes against children with more than 1,500 incidents recorded in total. of 2022 under the Protection of Children from the Sexual Offenses Act.
West Jaintia Hills has 19 cases, Darrang has 13 cases, Nartiang has 5 cases and one high risk case.
Because the French felt that the construction of this road was the most important, the Officers urged the workers to work tirelessly.
Srinivasulu alleged that the ruling YSRCP was involved in the stealing of votes and also used to buy votes with the power of money in Nellore.
Speaking at a meeting held at the tourist resort in Sonapani, Bah Teiborlang expressed his satisfaction to receive the work order worth 1 crore tyngka for the project. This tourist attraction is located in Mawlai Nongkwar and will benefit the village in many ways.
Doctors have pronounced the driver dead after being admitted to hospital with serious injuries.
They were brought before the court and the court ordered them to remain in judicial custody until 2nd July.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Employment Monitoring Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Thursday demanded that the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) should grant special permission to Khasi students who apply for non-teaching posts. Posts of Grade-B and C at NEHU have been released soon.
The exact date will be announced later.
She said that within 15 days, the price of petrol has dropped to T.70.41 tyngka and diesel to T.59.63 tyngka.
About 70 such people have died in one district in Uttar Pradesh alone and more than 50 in Bihar.
This implementation will continue one district at a time.
And the other thing is that they have not understood that prevention is more important than cure, if people had understood about the importance of prevention I believe they would have learned how to do all these things.
Because when he came to Circuit House Sohra he did not come as the leader of the NPP and the place where he came was at the government premises,” he added.
The Essential Commodities Act, 1955 has been amended and is now called the Essential Commodities Act,
Let us look at the Sport Policy of our state. It has been approved since a few years ago. and to start giving scholarships to students who have represented the state in sports and although what she has done is not yet big.
Those who don't wear clothes are also ashamed.
From that time on, all the Khasi changed their children to women.
Shillong: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) which includes political parties from across the North East such as the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), the All Assam Students' Union (AASU), the Naga Students' Federation (NSF) ), Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) Students and workers from other states of India have been insulted after the spread of Corona Virus.
The tournament was organized by the MFA, Tata Trust and the AIFF.
The word Nong can also be replaced by the word Riew which is an abbreviation of the word Briew such as Riewlum, Riewthor, Riewkhraw, Religion, Rich, Riewhero, Riewrangbah and so on.
The Union also reminds the Dorbar Shnongs and all the residents of the area and the country as a whole to be vigilant as there will be many who will come to insult especially in these few days to try to destroy the villages. “It is not enough to misunderstand how to destroy the unity of the Jaidbynriew,” said a statement sent by Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang, Secretary.
At the time of writing, the name and address of the driver of the truck is unknown, and police have registered a case against the driver of the truck and the investigation into the incident is ongoing. .
Speaking to Rupang, KSU Sawmer Unit President Pynshai Kelly Kharmalki said that while the KSU members were returning from the meeting from Motphran to go home, they received information that there were Foreigners who were riding in commercial vehicles to Upper Shillong, after receiving information, he said that they have sought information on the number plate of the vehicle and after receiving information again they have stopped. kdong to arrest the vehicle, where they found it at three miles and a half.
Until 10 pm, the floods continued to cover the road.
The State Government has decided to extend the closing time of shops and outlets in some public places in the city to 11.30 pm.
Smoking cigarettes narrows the blood vessels in your skin which can lead to poor blood flow and this will cause your face to swell and this will cause your skin to ring sti ,write lines and ring tymmen faster than you think.
Through their inspection of the road, it was found that there are many shortcomings.
The MLA said that some people have applied for Right to Information (RTI) from the office of the BDO Sohiong Block when the scheme has not come from the office of the Deputy Commissioner. East Khasi Hills District.
In a statement, the President of the KSU Western Border Unit, Samla R. Pator, said that if the closure continues, the KSU will take another step.
Adorebella Syntem, I14 Event- Shot Put & Kids Javelin.
The Mawbynna Sahnam of the 34th Sengkhihlang Championship will be brought from the Sengkhasi Shaid Shaid Umoit under the Hima Maharam Syiem Ship.
Regarding the complaint of the students regarding the absence of the Principal at the school, the DC promised to send an inquiry to find out the truth as well as the teachers and if found strict action will be taken. .
The Committee needs to meet more often because once it cannot take a decision and send a proposal/recommendation to the government.
However, that has been the custom of this country since ancient times.
National Youth Day is celebrated in India every year on the 12th of July to commemorate the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda.
Furthermore, the RBI report shows that there are some states that have received more Agri-credit compared to their Agri-GDP, which suggests that the credit may have been allowed. transfer for non-agricultural purposes.
To use a face scrub you can apply a small amount in your hands and apply to clean and dry face, then rinse thoroughly with clean hands for a few minutes and rinse thoroughly with water.
The Government of India on Friday announced to reduce the number of areas declared as disturbed areas under the AFSPA in Nagaland, Assam and Manipur after decades of implementation. peace in these States and the North East as a whole.
We were ready before July 16, 2021, and the most specific of all these are:• Provisions for COVID vaccination.• Meeting the need for people to administer these medicines and their training.
The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) said that he is a rishot who is an example for the nation.
The President of the Mothers' Union expressed her regret by saying, “Why are the youngsters like this now? mat lut everything.
Speaking at the ASHA Conference held for the ASHAs of East Khasi Hills District and Ri Bhoi District, he said that in the last two years, the number of women who choose to give birth in health centers has increased. from 55 per cent to 70 per cent and the decrease in maternal and infant mortality by 30% due to the hard work of ASHAs to educate poor mothers that it is safe. to be born in health facilities rather than at home.
D'Souza said Swamy suffered a stroke on Sunday morning and was immediately placed on a ventilator until his death this afternoon.
The office of the party was destroyed and the bus was also destroyed.
The incident happened on Saturday, when the deceased girl had gone to have a meal with her friends inside the river, but at that time, the girl , she wanted to go to the sum and it was there that she fell into the river.
The occupation of many households is agriculture.
“And as it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be also in the coming of the Son of man”.
Because through the presence of trees, mankind gets fresh air to breathe.
Jowai: U Minister in charge of Education in the state today visited the Government Boy's Higher Secondary School after an earthquake struck the school yesterday due to heavy rainfall and wind.
In his speech, the Principal of the College, Bah Boldness L Nongum, explained that the College was established in 2015 with only 30 students and now there are 430 students. The College has received recognition from NEHU and now has its own examination center within the College.
Many students came to greet Bah Ardent with their school uniforms.
She said she is pleased to lay the foundation stones of 100 Model Secondary Schools with the aim of providing better education to the children of those people who work in the slasha farms.
The state needs a strong government and therefore the presidential rule should end,” said Fadnavis.
Shillong, July 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that a decision on the re-talks on the border with Assam will be taken within 10 days.
Sumar, who worked with the Press Trust of India (PTI) in Delhi, was also the first Khasi Bureau Chief of the PTI, Shillong.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) Spokesperson, Bah Batskhem Myrboh, said the VPP is aware and concerned about the shortcomings in development works in various parts of the state especially in the parts of the state. read books.
He said that the Minister has promised to seek a report from the Police and District Administration on the bomb attack on Friday against the contract teachers. The HITO has given the government until Tuesday to do so. If the HITO does not listen to their demand, the HITO will take strong measures. protest against what the police did.
She said that he sent the picture to his friends and showed it to her husband and in anger he asked to run away from her and he didn't trust her anymore and now he has run away from her. .
Why don't you say that the Bible is true, because you don't have a Bible.
The President of KSU, NEHU Unit, Samla Banlumlang Rani in an interview with the media said, “NEHU has not yet issued any explanation regarding the conduct of the Post Examination. Graduate (PG) and Under Graduate (UG).
Police have seized 177 grams of heroin from a plate near the National Highway-6 in Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills.
They also discussed how to provide training to council staff.
For more information please call 7005925506 &
Chapter 5 is the highest while the assessee does not say anything about the fault.
On the part of the Waheh Chnong Mowkyndeng, Syrpai Synnah, congratulated and expressed his gratitude to these four youths of the village who have done this brave deed to rescue these two men from drowning.
Prestone said the government would not investigate the allegation and the investigation could be conducted only if a complaint was received.
MSSASA also alleged in the petition that the State Government has not released the arrear to the SSA teachers from 1st November, 2016 to 28th June, 2017 for the year 2016- 17 even after the Seng has sent several letters to the relevant authorities of the Ministry of Education and to the Minister of Education and also to the Prime Minister requesting for the release of their arrears. Furthermore, the Seng said that after sending many letters and meetings with the Government from time to time, it ended only in discussions. Legal Notice to the State Government on 20th June, 2019 to demand the immediate release of the Arrear for the year 2016-1 the Seng to release the arrear is appropriate.
Reduce oil: When you use oils, choose those that are made from plants.
Thus, many fights have arisen and the result of this case is that thousands of dollars have been spent and time has been spent on traveling to and from the courts.
Congress youths burnt the tyngshop of these BJP leaders in front of the BJP office in Danakgre, Tura. and in other parts of the state.
The ceremony is held annually on the first Saturday of June.
Perhaps it would be better if the HYC urged the government to pass a Bill to curb the increase in school/college fees and to punish those who burden parents with the increase. which is the time of the reading.
“We strongly oppose this attempt by Assam to attack our people at all times.
But I have not seen or heard of any of these prayers who said, “Thy will be done, we receive without hesitation.
However, the hard work of the teachers through the online class has enabled the students to pass well.
Pleng started with this work.
The question now is what is the future of the people of Jirang Hima, if the Hima authorities do not do anything and if the illegal trade continues, the future of the children of thousands of Hima is in grave danger.
) of the Government but they should go through the proper procedure when sending teachers on duty otherwise there will be many problems in each Dept.
Shillong: The Congress party will announce the MDC ticket for the KHADC and JHADC constituencies today, 21st November. The Cabinet has approved to hold the MDC elections on 27th June 2019 and the vote will be counted on 2nd October,
Shillong: Congress spokesperson Zenith M Sangma on Tuesday said that the power department has been involved in corruption and the Congress party has demanded that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should investigate. ).
When inquired from some of the party leaders, they said that they already have candidates but they don't want to disclose their names because of the time of campaigning. is still far away.
The health camp was conducted in collaboration with the Meghalaya Farmers (Empowerment) Commission and the Department of Cardiology, NEIGRIHMS, Shillong. served by Uma Mahesh.
However, the next day, she received a telephone call from Bhushan's office, saying that Bhushan wanted to meet her and it was arranged for them to meet in his private room, but she refused. The next day, she learned that she had been rejected from three films because she refused to sleep with Bhushan Kumar.
The National Association of the Deaf has also fought for the inclusion of the Indian Sign Language in the Sixth Schedule and this is ongoing.
Besides, the students were not allowed to submit their admit cards until late in the evening and many students from remote areas have not been able to submit their admit cards yet.
Shillong: Sweety Kharsati, 24, of Nongthymmai, Nongshiliang, Karnataka, has lodged a complaint with the Bengaluru Police Station. Jason Marbaniang, a call center in Punjab, through a job offered by his friend Jason Marbaniang, who said it was a job at Amazon.
She said that hundreds of ASHAs will take part in the strike.
The CEO said that there are 31,247 first time voters and 11,740 people with disabilities.
Besides, we have leaders who are conmans, who lie, who cheat, who lie as much as they can,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
In this regard, the Governor assured that he will look into all the needs and promised to look into the matter to assist the students of CMJ University.
Therefore, God stands against those who are Jezebels who are based on lies and deceit and on a life of ignorance of God but compromise in the teachings and ways of Satan.
Rehman, a PHE employee in Tura, sustained 60 percent injuries.
For the winners, the cash prize will be 15,000 tyngka for the first place team and 7,000 tyngka for the second place team.
The mombati was opened by Bah Rupert Green Marbaniang and was followed by the dignitaries and religious leaders.
He said that because of the people's anger, the Congress has tried to use force as shown in the fight between the CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
Regarding this incident, the Union has demanded that the government and the state police department should conduct a thorough investigation into this incident, to find out the root cause of the death. That the family should receive a fair trial because the loss of one soul from one family is a lifelong loss that cannot be repaired.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) will attend a meeting of the Government to discuss the Reservation Roster and Reservation Policy on Tuesday.
After that, Kitborlang Ryntathiang took Rishan Pyngrope, 29, resident of Lumparing, Kynjatphutbol and then Rishan took Rinku Saikia, 25, who was identified as Roy Lane. Babu from Nongrim Hills, Shillong.
The Union is also happy with the youth, he said, as they have brought fame and glory to their homes and villages.
Principal S. J. Duncanv.
The KSU, FKJGP and Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) said that this is the first step of the BJP government. Before it follows other secrets because if it can turn India into 'One Nation, One Election' (one country, one election) it will soon do 'One Nation, One' Religion' (one country, one religion).
In one of the Khasi newspapers, Bah G.Sing Syiemlieh wrote recently. And he explained to the best of his ability.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit has extended its helping hands to Moodop village which has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. PPE and masks were donated to the Sisters of Charity Convent in Namdong on Friday.
Banisha gave him a kiss.
Therefore, when there was that feeling of distance between one kur and another, there was also a feeling of distance even between the same tribe.
The Kur system among the Khasi is something surprising and rare to find, from this Kur system we can understand and confirm that we come from the same ancestors and we are one Jaidbynriew and we cannot say that the Khasi and Jaintia (Pnar and War) are the same nation as appears in many writings.
On the other hand, Ms E Kharkongor said that through this race, the PHE department aims to spread the message on the need to conserve drinking water as the theme of World Water Day is “Water for Peace" means that we as citizens if we don't have adequate water we don't have a peaceful society, which can also lead to war and conflict so water supply is important and necessary. eh.
Whether it is from the east or the west, the people face the worst challenges in their lives because the Nongmihkhmat visit these villages only once every five years.
The residents of this area have expressed their desire and determination to stay in Meghalaya as it has been since ancient times.
“This program has started and about 2,000 people have been sent to 200 camps,” said Dr Ampareen.
Nongpoh: Two persons have lost their lives after being tied and bombed by a man known as Sheltiroy in Sabuda village this morning. Mukhim, who is suspected to be a mentally retarded person.
Member of the group, Bah Erwin K Sutnga, said that the group has urged the Prime Minister to advocate with the Central Government to create the mechanisms to get rid of the ban on coal mining. the state.
Especially those who take the loan are in trouble and find it difficult to pay the loan they take only because of the excessive lighting.
When asked why he decided to contest from the two constituencies, he said it was a political strategy.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “I congratulate the people of the state who have placed their trust in the NPP and I promise that the NPP will provide fair service to the people in the future. It will bring about economic growth, help farmers, households, promote sports, connect villages by roads, provide drinking water, electricity and many others. the needs of the people".
Blansing Marwein, 78, of 3mer, Nongkseh, died at Woodland Hospital, Shillong.
Harbinson, who is also the working president of the HSPDP Mawmuthoh, alleged that the Rangbah Shnong is on the side of HS Shylla because when the MDC scheme was distributed in the village, he did not say this.
“It has been witnessed that many of the rural youth in the state have not been able to write their examinations due to the need to travel to Guwahati, Jorhat, Dibrugarh and Delhi.
The Lion, after being beaten, tried to fight hard to score; However, she had to accept the defeat because she didn't have a chance to score until the end of the first half.
If we have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and serve cleanly from the bottom of our hearts even the corona virus cannot harm us while the government will make laws that in such a way that God is still alive If we have that desire to surrender to God body and soul to serve in holiness, God knows how to deliver those of His people who believe and serve the name of the Saviour.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The HSPDP has invited the people of Sohra and Mawjrong areas to come and participate in two programmes. The party will hold it on the 21st and 23rd of this month at Sohra and Mawjrong.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawrathud, Bah Clever Shadap, said that the incident occurred when the robbers set fire to the forest. The villagers called to extinguish the fire, and immediately the residents came together to extinguish the fire with the participation of the youth of the village, the leaders of the Land and Forest Community. the village.
“The Congress itself has no alliance or cooperation with the MDA government in Meghalaya,” said Pala.
After receiving a tip, the BSF conducted a special raid in the border areas of the country and seized these muid who were hiding in a forest area nearby. border before smuggling them into Bangladesh.
Speaking to media, FKJGP Langpih Area Unit President Serbilin Lyngdoh said that the Assam government's action is without the consent of the land owners and residents in the area. .
Jatah: The President of the HSPDP East Khasi Hills, Bah Martle N Mukhim, has strongly criticized those who advocate for the transfer of jait to men, as this will be a change in the customs and traditions of the ancestors. manshwa.
The tournament was inaugurated by Cherity Suja Secretary KSU Khliehriat Circle in the presence of Satly Ryngkhlem, Chairman of Moopyniein Village, Damewanhi Rymbai and members of KSU Khliehriat Circle. the head of the village.
He said that he doesn't work anymore, but he used to have two fields to farm, to fetch water and to farm where he feeds his pigs and farmers. But these days, he stays at home and spends his time singing and composing songs.
“As of now, we will arrest up to 2000-3000 people for involvement in child marriage.
He suggested to the KSU leaders to seek information and ask the government about the Bangladeshi Bengalis who gave land in Mynsain at Lumparing, Jail Road and Rynjah who came during the war of independence. Bangladesh and Pakistan.
When you speak wisely, people who don't learn will come to your forest.
On the other hand, there will be foreign workers in these 6846 villages, who will be brought by the Survey of India who will live together with the villagers for at least 5 years, or until the completion of those works. thew in the villages.
Meanwhile, u Bah Khrip set fire to the ground floor of his house near the street, but on Saturday morning, it was reported that the bus (ML-01 FC) was hit by a fire. 6798 was avoiding and another vehicle coming from the opposite direction turned straight into the seat of Bah Khrip and broke both his legs and he died on the spot.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 07: Three candidates for the MLA Election 2023 from the 35th Ranikor Constituency today, 7th June, 2023, although it is the last day, have been able to contest the election. complete the registration of their names with the Returning Officers of the South West Khasi Hills District.
The deceased are the father of the family (L) Father: Biangki Phawa 29, mother (L) Pynjanai Ryngkhlem 25, two children (L) Edify Ryngkhlem 5 and Vladaroi Ryngkhlem 3 years old. and this family are only day laborers from the mawria industry.
He said the Cabinet Committee on Influx headed by him has approved an allocation of T.3 crore for the implementation of the work permit.
They started with a win against Sikkim who are currently in third position and then continued with victories over Telangana, Andaman & Nicobar Islands and Pondicherry earlier in the day.
Medulance also has trainers with 35 years of experience in running ALS and BLS, among others.
Members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment, have visited Ri Bhoi in the past few days, to conduct a thorough investigation into the suspension of the ASHA. They urged the DMHO and Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to appoint the ASHA worker, who has been dismissed for allegedly go to help a Lanot who has been raped until she becomes poor.
When asked about the BJP's decision not to withdraw from the NPP-led MDA government, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said, because the allegations against the party are unfounded and the voters. They are also wise and will answer them on October 2nd.
The meeting ended at 9:05 minutes.
The house where Kiang Nangbah lives is the last one on the right side of the place where I live.
After the bringing of the khlam trees from the forest, there will be a meeting to discuss the work which will be conducted by the Langdoh Niam together with the Waheh Sankur, the children of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla and the Rangbah who have been elected by the Seiñ Raij Mukhla.
The Minister said that the total allocation for Tura is Rs 338 crore while for Jowai Rs 79.8 crore.
Among the batsmen, Akash has ranked 10th in the country after dismissing 34 wickets in just four matches.
Shillong, July 26: The Union Health Minister Jagat Prakash Nadda on Tuesday promised that the government will take action to empower the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Services. Science (NEIGRIHMS).
The decision to resign by Bah Ardent came after a meeting of all political parties held on the 19th of last month which discussed only the roster system. to discuss the Reservation Policy.
“I am confident that the police department will do whatever is necessary and investigate to arrest the people involved in injuring one of our fellow citizens especially as a member of the jaitbynriew,” said Bah Adelbert.
The Union has urged the state government to pay the bill including Oct and November before Christmas.
On the other hand, the Khasi Author Society (KAS) has decided to continue the KAS Award for the students who have scored the highest marks in Khasi Subject in Class-X and BA (Hons) in Khasi Subject.
From Meghalaya, the winner of the National Brewery Award 2019 is Everbloom Nongrum, resident of Mawryngkneng village, East Khasi Hills District.
The funeral service will be held on Wednesday 30/10/2019 at 1.00 pm at the Presbyterian Church.
The arrested leader was identified as Bah Bless Dkhar, President of the HNYF East Khasi Hills District.
They said that the government should take action on this issue as the students have faced the same incident as happened at CMJ University where many students have spent a lot of money from their tuition fees. , household expenses and others.
Today, Dr Mukul Sangma criticized the government for forcibly suspending the MHIS-IV scheme, which has affected thousands of sick people every day.
“Officers of All India Services who come from outside the state have to pay Income Tax and according to the directive of the Ministry of Finance, the states cannot pay Income Tax. “It is on this basis that the state government has taken this decision,” he said.
The Indian football team has dropped three places to 102nd, according to the FIFA World Rankings released on Thursday.
tons of thah will be thrown into the jngi pond.
After that, there will be an election for the post of Chairman on the 21st of this month, and after the election for the post of Chairman, there will be an election for the post of CEM. In the last elections, the NPP won the most MDCs with 10, the Congress 7, independent MDCs 7, GNC 3, BJP 1 and NCP
Bankitbor Dhar alone scored four goals in the 36', 60', 68' & 69', Leader Mulieh's 18' & 45' and Phrangki Dhar's 4', Fredrick Dhar's 22' and Ryngkat Dhar's own goal ( Tpeppale)  66'.
Fear hinders the growth and development of human beings, society and the country.
Shillong, March 10 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he does not approve of the use of lyer pynsat face bombs against contract teachers who have come out to demand their rights. on the 06th of this month.
The coming of Jesus to earth was to fulfill the eternal purpose of God the Father, which was to suffer until death on the Cross.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) in Ri Bhoi District, today held a meeting at Jatah Mawhati village, to demand that the state government through the PWD department, The road from Umsniang to Umsiang, which is badly damaged and has a distance of about 80 km, should be repaired.
The word sawangka is not a condemnation of what happened in the political arena in the State 45 years ago.
Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, has been transferred to Jowai.
As long as it happens and as long as it happens, Hynniewtep will want to continue to live exactly in its own Hynniewtrep land.
However, we the people should continue to encourage them and also wish them a speedy recovery from this COVID 19 pandemic.
On the same day, the HNYF also sought an explanation from the management of the Toll Gate in Ialong and asked for time to provide an explanation.
Heini proposed that Kiang should lead the country in the fight against foreigners.
Kuwait also demanded that India should apologize for the remarks, which are a means of bringing about terrorism or violence and destroying the quality of life in this era. now.
All this has led to the attitude of drivers to the point of driving without hesitation even to violate the traffic rules.
Under-18yrs players born between 30-11-2005 and 30-11-2
It is also important on the ability to function properly within the body.
According to a statement sent by Bah NL Maring and Bah LP Makri, Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong, respectively, these people include two They were identified as Robinson Makri and Donkupar Ranee, while a woman was identified as Kong Phlestimai Syiem.
Out of the 50, the SP said that only one has been granted bail and that is Richard Mrong Marak, Trinamool Congress leader.
Arman said that these villages not only do not have roads but are still lagging behind especially in terms of health facilities, schools, electricity and water supply schemes.
They said that this scheme is for the year 2013-14, where the residents should receive the scheme of T.75,000 per IAY household, even for the 1st installment. They have received it after many months of waiting, that is, three or four months ago this year and that they have already built the house and trees, while these trees have been erected. For three or four months now they have begun to sprout.
Meanwhile, Arunachal Pradesh beat Bhutan 19-0 in the first match of the tournament on Saturday in Guwahati.
Other schools that have entered the Top Ten in Science Stream are RK Mission Higher Secondary School, Cherrapunjee through Rahul Das who came sixth with 458 marks and distinction. in English, Biology, Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and Alternative English.
no Act of Parliament in respect of – (i) religious or social practices of the Nagas, (ii) Naga customary law and procedure, (iii) administration of civil and criminal justice involving decisions according to Naga customary law, (iv) ownership and transfer of land and its resources, shall apply to the State of Nagaland unless the Legislative Assembly of Nagaland by a resolution so decides.
Deborah, one of the judges, praised the strength of women and Jael, who killed Sisera, the Philistine army chief. terrible between different powers and peoples.
The DPCC team has engaged 7 members of the implementation team to advance the planning and control of industrial waste generation.
Rakkam said the Government has already sought a written reply from the schools in the State to express whether they are ready or not to implement the NEP but many of them have expressed that they are not yet ready. ready to implement this immediately.
Rupang: Your National President, Amit Shah, has said that if the BJP comes back to power, the CAB will be introduced. Amit Shah's statement is his personal opinion, but on my part I will stand firmly against the CAB. On this CAB, I, Bah AL Hek and the President of the Party, Shibun. We have met with Narendra Modi and along with the petition we have made it clear in front of him that the people of North East strongly oppose this bill and it should not be passed and if it is passed or approved, we All MLAs will leave the party.
In the first innings, Thangsning CC beat Mawphlang CC by 1 run.
However, when they are transferred to schools where the education is according to their ability, they come forward and pass well.
Dr. Adreena appealed to the parents across the state that if they have children with mouth ulcers, they should come forward for treatment at this hospital.
At the same time, the union requests the DC to take action as soon as possible so that it will not cause problems to the people.
According to the information and names received by the police, there are about 13 people who have been trapped in the water inside the crematorium, but now it may rise as Assh Bahadur Limbu does not have a name on the list.
The film is produced by RK Sayo and stars Khasi film stars including Pyllaitmitre Lypon, Ibadamut Kurbah, Lucy Wahlang, Keebor Kurbah, Micky Lyngdoh, Ibaniewkor L Mawnai, Birbol Basaiamoit, David Kharkongor and Jestar. Nongbet and Warjri's friend.
Before presenting the budget, he will respond to the speech of the Governor.
After receiving information about the incident, Rupang visited Pynursla area to inspect the damage to the homes of the affected people.
The party also discussed the research and gathered information on the fact that the party has only 11 MLAs, although the UDP expects to win more MLAs. The General Secretary of the UDP party, said that in the 2018 election, the party won only 6 MLAs, but in the last election, we won 11 MLAs and the vote of The party in Khasi Jaintia Hills District has increased by 24.6 percent.
She also alleged that besides the office work, the director wanted me to stay at his house.
Scientists of CIPMC including Gokulraam M, Plant Protection Officer (E), Dr. Devaraja KP, APPO (E), Aroti Hazarika, APPO (E), Tenzing Wangden, SA and Mighty Star Lyngdoh Deputy Project Director ATMA Ri Bhoi District, Officer of  Umsning C&RD Block.
Regarding the delay in the report by the investigation team, many MDCs who spoke to this reporter alleged that the reason for the delay may be that the investigation team has found it difficult to include eit miaw in the report. The MDCs said that they will soon investigate the corruption case and will not wait until the last month of July.
After the arrest of these foreigners, the leaders of these organizations, handed them over to the Umsning Police Outpost, for further investigation and action. legal rules.
SI Bishnu Newar and other policemen illegally detained her inside the police station without any reason especially the beating and bombing until she was seriously injured.
After that she went to the market with her mother to help in the shop.
Replying to this question, the Minister asked the MLA of North Shillong if he can read the names of the 12 border areas without reading from the books and also explain how many times. he didn't go to sleep in these places.
In the Under-13 category, Loshin Das of Assam came first, Anish Goswami of Assam came second and Debarati Dey of Assam came third.
Surprisingly, this comes from the Congress MP, the party is not in the ruling, who sent this news?, and where did you get this news? Do you have any idea or intention to say this? We don't want the Congress or any political party to politicize this issue.
A good night's sleep is essential for physical and mental health.
The death toll in Britain has risen to
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal on Saturday said that the news published in the newspapers should be accurate to avoid bias, feelings but to write. the truth to provide accurate information to the public.
“Because of the concern about the involvement of the youth in drugs, Bah Teibor said, “The invasion of drugs, I will take responsibility as an MLA in collaboration with the villages, The Youth and Women's Wings will be destroyed in Mawlai.
The former government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has set up an Agency and reduced the staff of the Department to implement, supervise and manage the Meghalaya Basin. Development Authority (MBDA).
The Chief Minister said that this is to change the name of the university to ICFAI.
Others include Chef GJL Sangriang, Assistant CDM, DSO DSO Vice Chairman of the Committee and athletes from each of the sports teams who will take part in the competition. The Meghalaya Games will be held in Tura from the 15th of this month.
Vice President of India Jagdeep Dhankharun led a public yoga session at Garrison Ground, Jabalpur.
Speaking to reporters after meeting with the JPC members, Dr. Samujjal Bhattacharya said NESO congratulates the Meghalaya government for deciding to oppose the Bill and urges all states to of the northeast to stand in unison.
To date, there are 5,000 foreigners without licenses, but to enforce the law, there are only 78 enforcement personnel and no firearms.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Russel urged the Muster Roll employees to be responsible and to keep the accounts in a clean and transparent manner.
The secretary of the union, Bah ON Marbaniang, said that the price of beef will be T.450 per kilo and 225 per kilo for clean beef.
The administration should curb the taking advantage of the fish vendors.
Shillong: The Community Health Center Mawiong, located in Mawlai Mawiong, has been serving the residents of Mawiong and neighboring villages for 15 years. This health center is only a name until today this health center is still operating only as a dispensary since this health center has been operating until these days it has not been able to meet the needs of patients who come for treatment at this hospital.
Satwik-Chirag, who have worked together in various sporting events, have also won the gold medal at the Commonwealth Games and also the trophy. victory in the French Open Super 750 last year and not only that, but they have also won the Swiss Open Super 300 this season.
With the aim of raising awareness among the rural residents about various government schemes, the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra Campaign was launched by the Central Bureau of Communication and Broadcasting in Nongpoh on 19th November.
Nongpoh: In a statement sent by Mirajune Myrsing, President of the ASHAs, the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the government's delay in paying the ASHAs. the salary that ASHA workers should receive and which has been delayed since 2012 until now.
This information comes through relatives.
It was also observed that during the rainy season, the water flowed over the ground and did not subside even after about half an hour of rainfall and the rubber sand started to flow in one place.
On this occasion, the students were also trained not to bring to school any toys, mobile phones, tobacco products and others. Members of BAMJH in the presence of the Principal of the school, Rihun Toi and teachers.
At the same time, however, she expressed regret over the prevalence of child marriage.
“Although there has been acceptance of this and the investigation and acceptance of the complaint by the police regarding the coal dumping in Myndihati, the report clearly shows that it doubts the action of the district authorities on the this is the field.
“Workers' rights have been violated because they have not been implemented, and there has been no empowered team to run 108 Servces," she added.
On this occasion, the Minister also presented the gifts to the women of the village, as well as to the young children who have passed well in the 2023 Examination.
It is learned that there will also be places where there will be only a friendly contest although the goal will be to win either candidate between the two parties.
"Nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.
O R Shallam April 18, 2023 The Khasi Jaintia people are a people who have lived in righteousness since ancient times and have been taught and glorified by their ancestors from generation to generation according to their way of life, way of working and farming. The honor and dignity that has been established since the lyngwiar dpei of Mei's house.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the HYC South West Khasi Hills, Bah Arbok K Jahrin, said that there are those who sell ration at T.4 tyngka, T.5 tyngka and T.6 tyngka. It is at the price of T.3 tyngka as announced by the Government of India.
One of them had to rely on her elderly mother and the other was trying to find ways to support her children’s school while at the same time taking care of her condition.
Other speakers included the Principal of the school, Bah TP Tmung, Secretary of the Umroi Presbyterian Church. and XII and mementos were also distributed to all 47 students and to the teachers as a sign that they will continue to work hard to improve the quality of education and teach the students from year to year.
He is the only player in football history to score 50 or more goals in one season.
Therefore, the residents are requested to cooperate to make Nongkhyriem free from the use of plastic.
However, only 994 out of 1200 farmers who were eligible have received, which means that 206 farmers are still missing till 30th Jan
On this occasion, the Church also awarded the 3 Priests who took part in the Holy Mass while the Editorial Board of the Christian Church (EBIK) awarded the prize. 'Ka Ïing Christian Literary Award' for the year 2023 to Bah Apol Mawñiuh after the jury selected his essay on the theme “Love for a new husband and wife for a happy family” as the most exciting article of
“We have 16 Magistrates, they will all visit Madan Student tomorrow,” said Sanjay Goyal.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Since the implementation of the ban on coal mining, the residents of Sohra area especially from Laitryngew, Mawlong, Wahlong and other villages have been unemployed. Their families have been affected because they have faced difficulties in providing for their household needs.
Jowai, March 25: A driver of a khwai kali truck, has died after his truck collided with another 12 wheeler truck at 4:30 pm today. The driver of the truck was driving a truck on the Jowai Bypass.
“In this regard, no more trees should be cut down for package-I until the work of package-I has been handed over to the contractor and the contractor has started implementing the work without The Division Bench said in its order after hearing the PIL. The order said that the report on the current situation submitted by the Government through the Joint The Secretary, Public Works (R&B), said that the technical evaluation of bids is ongoing and the work of package-I has not been awarded to anyone after the previous contractor resigned. to project.
Besides, the death of ideology—we don't know whom to support and where to stand for happiness, freedom and justice.
Latiplang said that through these methods, foreigners can easily get the Schedule Tribe Certificate, and they can get all the benefits that the Khasi get, as well as in the jobs of the Khasi. loud.
On the other hand, the JMB has issued an EOI for the people who own the land so that the government can take these land to turn it into a garbage dump.
While the Hon'ble High Court has done what is right by ordering to follow the Roster System according to the allocation of appointments in various positions as it does not exist in the Central Government and other States, it has not been published since then. cannot be implemented.
The DC said this after a meeting and letter submitted by the San Village Development Organization including Barato, Mukroh, Saba, Maitdeiñ and Ïongkynshur villages demanding the immediate demolition of the construction of the Border Police Outpost (BOP) by Assam in at Langhong Sangdathli, Saba which falls within the border of Meghalaya.
The Oregon Grizzlys beat Iaineh 36-33 and the Rangjanai beat Malki 34-1
Dr. Kalam came to the school to take part in the Livable Planet Earth conference at IIM, Shillong.
“If we get only a few months but we work well to take the KHADC to the next level, all the 18 MDCs have responsibility and there is no order from the high command or party. Because the work of the state is going on and the MDC is going on.
I will do as you say....
“I’m too happy that he is like that.
However, after these years, with the emergence of private factories, it was found that the production of dewbilat by MCCL has started to deteriorate. or repair and has been repaired without doing what is necessary.
The VPP is now ready to slap all those ethnic parties to make the name of those who have become ethnic parties to stand up for themselves in this great opportunity in the next five years.
Therefore, this culture is not only a gathering in dance and music but also a participation to showcase their talents.
India once again beat New Zealand by 70 runs to qualify for the final of the ICC Cricket World Cup on Tuesday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
The increase in pay from one constituency to another is not the same while the MDC scheme is the same.
Shillong: Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong of Iawmusiang (Tympang Club), led by the Waheh Shnong, E.Shylla, in the presence of the members of the village, today submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, on the exploitation of land vendors to sit on the footpaths throughout Iawmusiang Jowai which has affected and caused harm to the people who need to walk through these crosswalks.
In conclusion, he congratulated all the teams who participated in the Super Division and also to the Mawten Sports Club which has been the loser in 2022 and has scored the most points.
The attackers also entered the residence of the priests and arrested Father Thomas Jones and Father Daniel Sangma. from their mouths and then shot and bombed from the feet and hands of Father Thomas.
It is learned that the cause of this tragic incident was after one of these children who lost his life, had set fire to a skum kba with a stick. Jingpruid, in which the others who were inside the skum kba could not get out because the fire from the skum kba has destroyed the precious lives of these three children.
The four Khasi who were killed in the shooting by the Assam police, confirmed by Phukan, were identified as Charles Lyngkhoi, Denis Nongsiej, Ekros Rani and Columbus Hoojon. there were 12 others injured.
Furthermore, in the second round of demarcation talks with Assam, the state government has set up three Regional Committees to review the status of the seven outstanding demarcation talks and to They shall submit their report within 45 days.
Speaking to the residents, u Bah Daia urged the people to preserve the forests and wildlife and said that the village has a goal to promote tourism, eco. Tourism and on this the village is working with the Wildlife Department.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of AMALPSA said that according to their inquiry from the office of the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL), they have received information and There are only 558 Adhoc Lower Primary Schools in the state, but the government announcement on 19th July 2017 showed that there are 1225 Adhoc Lower Primary Schools in the state.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Minister of State for Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, today said that nine adhoc employees of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department of the State, have decided to become regular employees.
Therefore, the Government of India needs to rectify this shortcoming in Article 10(a) as soon as possible.
Therefore, “Resist the devil, and he will flee from you” James 4:7
Kynmole June Kyndait scored a hat-trick (50, 57, 59), Gentes Tariang scored two goals (12, 40) and August Surong (42) scored two goals. Hamsilet Lacuna (46).
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Federation of Garo People (FKJGP) on Friday demanded that the State Government should implement the Roster System first and not later. .
U Bah Thomas Nongtdu, one of the founders of the Association, who was also the chief guest, congratulated the Association and urged the people especially those Those from the border areas should be willing to provide land if necessary as this is for the benefit of their children in the future and the development of the area.
These three schools will prepare to represent the state at the national level tournament to be held in Delhi.
A few days after leaders of the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) led by Badruddin Ajmal met Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar in Patna; AIUDF General Secretary Aminul Islam on the 14th of this month held a media meeting in Guwahati.
The DC of Tura has imposed a curfew in the entire city.
He said the protests in Manipur have also affected health centers and ambulances have not been able to pass as the road has been blocked by protesters who have burnt tires and trees.
He said the Council has also directed the Syiem to find a place to build a cold storage to store meat, leaves and other perishable items so that they can last longer.
When it comes to education, it has declined, the roads have deteriorated, so she calls upon the people to bring about change in the state.
“This Act 1973 is dead, it cannot apply either in urban areas or in towns and country sides because they are Autonomous Districts.
Not to implement projects or acquire land resources without the proper consent of the villagers or land owners.
US President Joe Biden said, "We will never forgive and we will never forget, we will search for you until we find you and you will have to pay a heavy price.
“This is a sign to intimidate the Christians of the State and to create fear among them when it comes to other religions (in this case, Hindus),” he said.
The new vote will be held on Friday the 27th.
The Courts have used to hold this Lok Afdalat as part of the cleaning up of pending cases and it is also to help the poor people in need.
The management of the company said that they have taken action on the incident and have immediately suspended these employees who fall under the rank of Administrative Officer.
Shillong: The ABVP of Meghalaya has announced the results of the post of LP School teacher in Dadengre Subdivision, West Garo Hills.
This precedence shows that for SC/ST, the allocation is based on the census or population.
Before announcing the protests, FASToM leaders led by Spokesperson Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh were invited to meet with the Commissioner & Secretary of Education Dr. BDR Tiwari in the presence of the Secretary of the Department of Education. Read the Book of Ambrose Ch.
Besides the Police Chiefs, Bah Rayonald K Kharkamni, Secretary Nongpoh Town Committee, and others who came out to explain to the public on the need to wear masks and also to distribute them. They turned their backs on those people who didn't see them.
Sonowal's swearing-in ceremony will be held at 3.30 pm on Tuesday.
“If we as the people have been able to base ourselves on these three principles when electing the leaders of the country and the nation, it will be brighter,” said the HYC. Khadar rule is not easy, it is necessary to get divine rule and it is not easy to pass Master Degrees or various degrees, because in Khadar rule you need to know all kinds of subjects.
Therefore, if the village has improved in all development activities and many of the people are employed, at the same time that the village has improved in development activities, the time will come. “It's not like the village has any objection to being included in the Urban list,” he added.
“I welcome from the bottom of my heart anyone who is willing to join the JDU in Meghalaya because this party respects all ethnic groups and religions and works for the betterment of the JDU. the society of the society".
Mirajune said this at the 5th Convention of MAWU held at the Dorbar Hall Jaïaw Shyiap Lumpyllon Shillong, which was attended by thousands of ASHA workers from all over Meghalaya.
Governments say to set up more Entry and Exit Points (E&EP) but all these will not succeed and, even if they succeed, after how many decades? Even if they have those E&EPs, they will not reach the goal of implementing the ILP properly.
He said that there was a discussion between the two communities in front of the police to maintain peace and order.
He said that at the public meeting on the signboard, the district authority under the leadership of the DC said that the signboard will be erected according to the voice of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 03: Rev. Simon Edward Nongrum, the new Priest of the Mawpat Diocese, has been consecrated in Belgium.
And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius.
“When we look at this incident, of course, the dispute as we have heard stems from the inclusion of the Meitei in the Scheduled Tribe, which is one of the reasons.
Shillong, Nailur 27 : Kongthong Village, Khat-ar Shnong, today received the Best Tourism Village Award 2023 from the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India. Bharat Mandapam, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
On the 10th of June at about 11:15 pm, unidentified robbers attacked three house builders in Mawlai Mawroh.
He understands and knows how much it costs even if they have many opportunities.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 25: The South West Khasi District Congress Committee (SWKHDCC) today held a meeting with the supporters of the Indian National Congress (INC) at the Community Hall, Mawkyrwat. Parliamentary Seat, Mr. Vencent H. Pala was present.
A source from the police said that these children were stabbed with screw divers and they were first found by the neighbors who immediately informed them. police last night.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not done anything since the time of the former EC. or AD Rules.
“We want and should take a step by step path to resolve the border issue and these 9 villages will be known better when we meet face to face with the people,” said Bah Renikton. .
The SP said that driving a motorcycle alone with a Learner's License and driving a motorcycle more than 55cc is a violation of the law.
It is learned that the robbers were about three or four persons and they were also dressed in clothes to protect their faces from being recognized. On this occasion, the employees of the bank have lodged a complaint with the police against the robbers. Shillong: The 1st Badminton Tournament 2019 organized by the Umsning Badminton Committee has come to an end on Saturday at the Indoor Hall Umsning.
If there are any issues, we will intervene immediately.
Besides, there were also groups of civil society groups who expressed their opposition to the construction of the Assam Building in the area, saying that the area is still within the border of Meghalaya and those who said that The construction of the Assam Building in this area is only a ploy by Assam to cross the border with Meghalaya.
If we listen to all the allegations, the Government will not have time to act.
This means that they have their own intention to use the land they have bought not for us but for the benefit of themselves and their high paid tribes who can number about 10 or 100 people. people in the same room.
Stolin Diengdoh, 80, of Sohra Pdengshnong, and Woll Lanong, 51, of Loomkyrwiang, West Jaintia Hills.
Hundreds of teachers, both men and women, have had to sleep on the streets in front of the Secretariat. hardships and pain that they had never experienced before in their lives.
The CID also arrested five students of Salt Brook Academy, Dibrugarh and one student from Gogamukh area.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, congratulated the RBYF for taking this step to honor these youths. They also hope that this award ceremony will encourage them to continue to do well in their studies so that they will become responsible for the society after graduation. that they were long.
According to the source, the appointment may take place after the dorbar which will start in July.
In this inspection, the HNYF also found that many of the shops have received the license number from the government but these shops do not have any license number which should have been registered at the time of issuance. These courts are sent to the shop.
I don't think we have any preparation, especially from the government.
President – ​​Kiran Singh Thangjam (Manipur)
Plistina Mawlong, 78, of Bishnupur, EK Hills was admitted to Bethany Hospital Shillong on 19-05-2021 and died on 29-05-2 Biola Majaw, 46, of Umsaw Umsning, Ri Bhoi, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong on 28-05-2021. She died on 28-05-2
These cows were smuggled from Ri Bhoi and Assam to Umkiang, Ratacherra and other places in East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills via Amlarem, Pdengshakap and Muktapur to be smuggled to Bangladesh. you claim cow.
Elderly people or family members cannot participate.
Regarding the ambulance, Bah Sothenes Sohtun, said that it was purchased through the SRWP scheme, after seeing that the people in the area, have faced difficulties when they tried to transport to the hospitals, to the most seriously ill patients.
Rojin D. Sangma, Rangbah Shnong of Lalmati, Saline M. Arengh, Secretary Shnong Nagrabil and other elders were present. long as members of these villages.
Shillong, November 05: A group of about 30 booksellers from across the districts of the state, have expressed their concern over the government's plan to change the syllabus from MBoSE to NCERT. The Cabinet of Ministers of Meghalaya in recent months has decided to convert the MBoSE syllabus to NCERT on the grounds that the MBoSE textbooks are no longer in line with the studies of others. four parts of India.
The decision was taken after Kejriwal refused to take bail and a fine of Rs 10,000 and will now be brought back to court on 23rd June.
The incident happened on 26th November 2015, after the mother of the child, had already given the drug three times and the fourth time when she tried to give it again. She was shocked when she saw that the poison had come out of the bottle of medicine in the shamoit.
“If the trade opens in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government, I don't think it will endanger the village and the state, because we cannot live without income and we will have to live with this. Coronavirus by taking care of yourself and following the guidelines issued by the government.
Mairang, Lber, 22: The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, Bah W.Nongsiej today inaugurated two fish shops which have been funded under the scheme of the government. “Blue Revolution 2018-1
“Its construction began in 1163 and was completed in
However, we must not forget the role of Bahdeng as a human being, who is also close to the Creator, in this regard, in relation to Rev. JJM Nichols Roy.
LT Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District conducted the meeting while D. Basan, Inspector Supply, South West Khasi Hills District, delivered the welcome speech.
When the Syrpai grew up and opened, the shop was quiet.
“While we were in the house talking about the MDC election, some people rang video from outside.
This is higher than the national average of 2.0 per cent in primary classes and 12.6 per cent in secondary level.
He said he had tried to get information, but no information had been received.
Shillong, July 01: Selsella Sports Association (SPL) have continued their unbeaten journey in the Meghalaya State League 2023 by beating Atong Matgrik 8-3 in the 2023 FIFA World Cup. Group D will play against Chandmari Ground in Tura on Friday.
According to the ejahar, it was said that this will continue to deteriorate the moral and religious order in India and will also create a threat of unrest among the citizens of the state. Meghalaya where Christians and Hindus now live and live in peace in the state.
Nongpoh: A day after the drivers of Pynursla area, who decided to boycott or stop cooperating with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in many areas, this incident also happened in Ri Bhoi District.
When asked by which road he could reach Umniuh, he said he had to send a public transport.
Rangbah Skor Jala together with the symbud nongkñia performed the ritual according to the customs and traditions of the Raij Mawbuh.
Dozens of vehicles from War, West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Bhoi District have been brought to the area.
We don't say anything to others who are not “leaders” because they don't have much to do with trading or driving that power.
Sangma said that taking care of the body is not only for health, but also for mental and even spiritual life.
He also urged the government to try to set a budget or allocate funds for the ASHAs in the next dorbar, so that they can avoid demanding from time to time.
There has been a collapse of the well and the road to Madan Hindi Patshala School in Madanryting.
On the other hand, Bah Emeral Langte, Myntri Shnong Nongkdait-Nongnah, expressed his gratitude to the FKJGP and wished that the FKJGP will continue to do better in the future. people who are suffering in this area and in the state as a whole.
The Jaintia Hills Pensioners Association (JHADC) has convened a public meeting on the 9th of this month at Tpep Pale, Jowai.
Rev Bishop Thomas has retired from the post of Archbishop of Guwahati.
The precious blood donated by all the recognized blood donating organizations and recognized blood storage centers is very important for Meghalaya.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, has decided to introduce Section 144 Cr PC this afternoon.
He said that although other countries have tried to bring peace between Russia and Ukraine, it will depend on Ukraine and its decision because the war is taking place inside Ukraine and therefore the decision. peace in Ukraine.
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan also invited Rahul Gandhi to hug Narendra Modi at the end of his speech.
At the same time, the union requests the NGT to immediately shut down the cement plants which have a serious impact on the environment and forests and this is not included in the report of the High Level. The committee of the state government concluded the statement by the President of the party, Samla D.Wanmi Laloo.
The state team includes Jaylynn R Marak, Janicka R Marak, Ankita Sharma, Emisakani Warjri, Marme M Sangma, Sistilin Ryntathiang, Julitha Sangma, Shreya Marak, Dawanshisha Warlarpih, Abiezer Khar Syiem, Awesa G Momin and Kam Besa. Agitok Sangma, Jays Hree Singh, Dubleen D Nengnong, Honorable Lyngdoh Tongkhar.
In this regard, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has promised peace and security to the people living in the border areas with Assam.
“Investigation is ongoing and the search for others involved is ongoing,” the report said.
This will be the third match of the tournament after Lajong drew 1-1 away to Mohammedan Sporting and also at home to NEROCA (1-1).
The deceased was unidentified but it was confirmed that he was a foreigner who was 60 years old.
This is also the latest incident in the area since it witnessed several clashes and killings last year.
Tangaraju was arrested in 2017 for possession and conspiracy to traffic 1,017.9 grams (35.9 ounces) of cannabis. exceeding up to 2 times the standards set by Singapore.
Therefore, he encouraged the supporters of the party not to give up but to continue to do their jobs within the Mawkyrwat Circle and also within the Mawkyrwat Constituency as a whole.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?God bless you.
Dr.S Kharsyiemlieh said that although they cannot explain in detail about those urgent matters, but the people can come for assistance from the District Court in case of land grabbing, or 'maintenance' such as claiming food and others.
The Vice Chancellor said that the jobs offered by SODEXO are Assistant Cook (150), Associate Housekeeping (400), Cook (100), Front Office Executive (50) and others.
Media sources said that the meeting started last month when several MDCs went to meet the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to inform him that Bah Pynshngaiñ does not have the majority in the ruling party to become CEM, and said that the discussion was that they have informed the Prime Minister that he needs to be replaced by another CEM in his place.
Jowai, June 01: The leaders of the Hynniewtrep Circle (HANM), Jaintia Zone today renewed the office bearers of the Laskeiñ Circle WJHD at a meeting held at Infinity Hall, Jowai Zone.
“There are 575 refugees from 77 households, and of these 125 refugees are at Christ King School in Malang and Sildubi,” said Bah Kimfa.
The surrounding areas are now in danger, so we need films that show coal mining, quarrying, shyiap and other kinds of mining that show that we don't trust anyone anymore," he said. Patricia, who is also the Editor of the Shillong Times, said.
The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District has imposed section 144 CrPC on the number of cases in the state and the case of two persons including a policeman and the branch manager of SBI Bank in East Jaintia Hills District. one District.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla on Saturday inspected the bridge in Wah Myntang which has collapsed in Mukhla village.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The National People's Party (NPP) Leader James K Sangma on Tuesday criticized the MUA-II government for extending the term of office of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) for six months. only the personal work of the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma for his own benefit.
Shillong: The past 24 hours have been the heaviest rainfall in Meghalaya, according to the Meteorological Department of the Government of India. it's 25.4 millimeters long.
Shillong, March 16: The Riatsamthiah Nongtyngur Zonal Convention Church of Jesus Christ of India, Shillong, has held a preaching service on the 15th and 16th of this month to spread the Gospel of the Lord.
Former CEM of KHADC, Bah CB Syiem, who has recently joined the BJP, has announced that he has withdrawn from the BJP ticket. Nongpoh constituency in this year's elections.
The Pnars, Khasi and Wars have been the original settlers of the area since ancient times and have lived in these villages, Umlaphiah, Phlang, Kyarabon, Lamarang, Deinler, Phle. -phle, Moowakhain, Rahiaiong, Moorap (Murap), Mooriap (Muriap), Mooknor (Muknor) Mookhim (Mukhim), Moojem (Mujem), Sapiang, Umplung, Madan Nongkylla, Salait, Mooluber, Nongjrong, Madan-Um-I, Raben, Pohmynriah, Dummu, Khyndeliar, Bandein, Laher, Pdeinchyrngan, Umsal Samleinwasoo and other villages in the area.
The question is, will those who are willing to steal money from this person be arrested or not because they too believe in getting jobs by stealing money? He was deceived by this person because he was the one who went to them to offer jobs by claiming to be an officer (IB) and asked for money from those whom he wanted to hire.
Khasi Society Many of the foreigners, looking at the Khasi customs, conclude that the Khasi society is based on the Kur and Jait.
The KJDSTA said that if the government takes the necessary measures to resolve the issue, it will not cause any incident on that day.
Paul said the UDP, as the largest ethnic party in the state, will regain its strength soon and the defeat in the MP election is only temporary.
* If you don't test, I'll pass it on to others in the house.
"I fundamentally believe that no one needs it all," he said.
Speaking to media, HYC President Robert June Kharjahrin said, “Because the people have been misled by wealth, alcohol, religion, regionalism and so on. and in the end it bringeth forth evil, and increaseth greatly.
After two days of heavy fighting between the Pnars and Karbi in the Lapangap Tahpat area on the Meghalaya-Assam border, the district authorities of both the districts of West Karbi Anglong Assam and West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya on Friday held meetings with the two sides to restore peace and stability in the area.
The arrested person claimed to be the Area Commander of the party in East Khasi Hills District.
He said that poverty should not be the reason for the backwardness of the youth in education and to do any work that benefits the society.
The body of the 32-year-old man was recovered from the room that had burnt down at the same place where the drones were shot down.
Kharkongor said the seizure of these illegal goods was made after the Custom Police raided a house after receiving detailed information about the smugglers. in the New Lad.
Children and children are common as mentioned above: “Many women have five children from five husbands, wild cows, wild cows, wild pigs, khasaitpohji, Christian plastic, inherited from the children. hi.
Ebormi Buam scored the first goal for Langsning in the 38th minute and Kynsai Lhuid confirmed it in the 78th minute.
However, they expressed their happiness that they have now been able to come back to school for training.
Therefore, he encouraged them to work hard and persevere in their work so that they can improve in the field of sports.
The last day of the tournament was attended by Sniawbhalang Dhar, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Jowai MLA Wailad Shylla, Mawphlang Leader Matthew Kurbah, MDC Bah Lamphrang and others.
Members of CoMSO have raided the ILP in Nongstoin West Khasi Hills and expelled those who do not have permits. fine.
The governor of Jalisco said three police officers were killed in an explosion in Mexico on Tuesday, while 10 others were seriously injured.
It cannot be said that besides the NPP which has now attracted many candidates to contest the upcoming elections, the UDP has also attracted some, followed by other national parties.
Not only in fish, we should also expand to other livestock such as pigs, chickens, cows, goats.
Three officers from Meghalaya Police will take part in the All India Police Meet 2023 to be held in Haryana from 2nd to 4th March this year.
“To ensure that democracy is alive and well, the Nokmas should be empowered and do whatever is necessary in the Garo society,” he said.
The Garo built ships to escape the drowning and at night they covered those ships to sleep to escape the rain.
