It is to be recalled that during the Nehru era, the RSS was disbanded after Nathuram Godse, a Hindu nationalist, shot dead Mahatma Gandhi in
The collection is Rs 1 lakh and Rs 80 thousand.
The government school in Domiasiat village was closed down in 2007 by the government authorities, after the village publicly expressed its rejection of the proposal of the Uranium Corporation of India Ltd to grant permission for the to mine uranium in this area.
Jowai, Lber 29: The Sengkhihlang will hold its 34th Lympung at the Seiñ Raij Wahiajer (Raij along) this year. ) West Jaintia Hills District from 19th, 20th and 21st June, 2024 at 10:00 pm.
“The law has become a problem due to the emergence and spread of crime, until the people have become victims in Garo Hills.
“This issue has opened the door for the government to look into many issues related to water,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Sujit Singh Saha, has approved the approval at a time when the District Council's trading license in Iewduh is still in full swing, while the land title has been completed. I'm not sure what to do.
The HNLC has expressed its deep regret over the lack of action by the Government on these demands.
Because the inhabitants here live more from agriculture and seasonal work, more time is spent in agriculture and most of that is spent in mystery work in building houses, work in coal mines, burning rnga, cutting, being a driver of a vehicle especially a truck driver and to work in agriculture.
Ryntih responded in the 63rd minute with a goal from Sheen Sohktung but Wansiewdor Neng confirmed the victory. nong in the 82nd minute.
I urge you to turn back to the Congress and we could have been silent in the past but now we will turn back to support the Congress and support me,” said Bah Pala.
“He urged the NDA Government to think again so that this Act will not affect the residents of this State and other states in the North East. under the provisions of the Sixth Schedule.
"On the other hand, Bah Ian said that Banpynshngain has recently become one of the fastest swimmers in the state after winning the title of the fastest swimmer in the The competition was held recently in Sikkim.
One of the elders, Bah Wallambok Shadap, said that this tool of the government is very useful because it has really helped him as a fielder.
Deisy went to work at home and so did Riia.
The time has come to contest elections again and we the people are ready to forgive.
Nongstoiñ, July 26: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mawlangsu Area Unit led by Syrpaily Kharrit President and Oristarwel Lyngkhoi General Secretary Ranborlin Nongphud. Circle together with members of the party, on Saturday of this month went to submit a memorandum before Bah RG Momin MLA 33 Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency.
Also present on the occasion were Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, Education Secretary, Iashanborlang Mukhim, Assistant Finance Secretary, Nicholas Chyrmang, Leader of KSU Delhi Unit.
Grace said that the department received the letter from the Mylliem Hima 10 days ago, although it showed that the letter was sent since the 14th of November. The KHADC has sent a reply that it does not accept the promise of the Mylliem Hima regarding the Lum Mawpat Forest.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was held at the 3rd Ground MFA on Tuesday between Kharang SC and Mawreng SC. the group that wins the battle.
Therefore, we direct the farmers not to slaughter a sick cow,” he said.
The secret promises of this government to build those things, to give these things, to put those things, all these have turned into mere phone calls and to blind the eyes as well as to deafen the ears. of us to see and hear the truths.
Hassan, founder of the Makkal Needhi Maiyam, said Nathuram Godse was the first Hindu rebel and assassin of Mahatma Gandhi. .
Four militants who tried to infiltrate into parts of the country from Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir (POK) have been killed during an operation by Indian Army and Jammu & Kashmir police in Kupwara today.
The book is published by Ri Khasi Book Agency and Publisher at the price of 70 tyngka each and is available from bookstores at Synod Complex Market, Shillong.
Cooperation should be the foundation of society.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The EM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Trade, Bah Latiplang Kharkong, on Tuesday said that he is awaiting the report of the investigation conducted by the Superintendent. that bar state and employee of the Council.
“When asked whether this second incident, which the HNLC has claimed to be involved in, is due to the delay in the working methods of the police, Ma Lakmen said that this is not the delay of the police. information received, sometimes if there is no sufficient evidence, no action can be taken but these incidents require the police department to take action against anyone involved; These incidents will not happen again.
On the other hand, the KHADC police have been on high alert and have taken part in checking the documents and closing the shops.
There were about 12 properties belonging to him, the probe team suspected, while 144 others were in the names of his family members, aides and associates.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Jason S. Mawlong, MLA Umsning, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, Balajied Ranee, MLA Mawhati, Nongpoh MDC, RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi and other senior health officials.
Parul Chaudhary won the silver medal in the 3000m steeplechase and Priti Lamba won the bronze medal.
The meeting was attended by Titos Chyne, UDP State Working President, Jemino Mawthoh, UDP General Secretary, Balajied Rani, UDP State Secretary Ribhoi and Michael Kharhunai. Ri Bhoi and others.
" Heaven and earth will work together to destroy such wicked people.
We are also grateful to the village leaders who have come forward to support the government in this regard.
They also said that they don't want to end today, but they want the state government to conduct more such programs to promote other Khasi products. donnam.
Khan has also served as a government minister in the past.
“Hey, bye, see you tomorrow...” said Linda. They both said bye bye and went back to Deisy's house.
These Community Reserves have been handed over to the village authorities to look after, as the Wildlife Department is only helping to work together to protect the forests, wildlife and develop the area. Other Dorbar Shnongs have also been asked to come forward to cooperate with the department to benefit the villages through various schemes and a Community Reserve has been established under the Wildlife Protection Act
Shillong, March 03 : A group of travelers sale association (KTSA) has been formed by a group of travelers who used to travel around the villages.
During the competition, the residents brought flowers from various schools which they had planted specially in the flower beds.
Not only that, they also conducted a search operation for those who installed tyndong pyrsa lyer.
The CEO of the Municipal, Bah E Kharmalki, said that the Municipal takes water from the PHE and distributes it to all the areas under the Municipal and this has been done in the past.
“Even if they don't respond, the government will hold a meeting to discuss this issue, because our presence here is to take a decision for them,” he said.
NPP National President Conrad K Sangma, NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, NPP National Vice President, MLAs, MDCs and others will welcome him.
Marak was reportedly injured in the incident.
For those who want to work for themselves, besides not having an organization, it is not too difficult to find a job.
Interior Minister Ahmad Vahidi told Iranian State Television that due to the weather conditions, it will take time for the search and rescue team to reach the crash site.
The new cases include 64 males and 32 females.
One of the senior ministers of the Hima Mylliem, who used to be close to Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, has criticized the ministers and officials of the opposition. The District Council has decided to close down the office on the 14th after the hearing of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
President Pranab Mukherjee inaugurated the ceremony at Rastrapati Bhavan on 20th October.
However, such programs are still rare and people do not understand how to participate or accept.
“During the elections, many gods will appear, because it is the politicians who know how to incite people and it is they who start to divide people,” he said. They want the success of others but they always promote themselves.
Shillong, Naitung 7: A meeting of the Chief Executive Members of the North East Region will be held tomorrow at 11 am at Pinewod Hotel.
Nongpoh, Nailur 21: A driver of a gas truck has lost his life and a Nongbud has been seriously injured, after the truck collided with another vehicle and damaged the divider. until the truck was damaged from the front.
Therefore, the BJP will take legal action to demand an independent investigation into his arrest.
The Vocational Training Centre, Manai, which was established as part of the development of agriculture in Meghalaya, especially for the residents of the three districts of the state, said the DSO. , West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills, will conduct training programs on pig, cattle, goat and dairy cow farming from July this year until October of next year.
“Let's go to Doctor Dkhar.
Subhash Joshi, IPS, DG BSF today visited the BSF headquarters in Tura and Umpling. On the 4th and 5th of this month, he also inaugurated the Sector Headquarters Tura at Dobasipara.
In the incident, three robbers, riding in a motorcycle, robbed T.2.5 lakh from the petrol pump and seized three mobile phones from the petrol pump. Pump.
The GNLA leader, Briyan R Marak, alias Millam (40) of Tura, West Garo Hills, has surrendered to the South Garo Hills Police Station at 10:00 pm. 10 pm in the presence of DC SGH Shella N Marak, SP Abraham T Sangma, religious leaders and civil society groups.
“The BJP Home Minister has said that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state in the world and the BJP has said that if it comes to power it will bring the government free from corruption. “Work with the party that leads the government which is strong in corruption,” he added.
Although there are many writers, it is one book and the message of the same purpose of God for mankind on earth.
There will be players from all over the state including Jaintia, Ri-Bhoi and East Khasi Hills.
All the documents, materials and money of the school were destroyed.
We see here that Joseph was led by the Spirit of God to overcome the temptations of evil deeds, while Samson forgot the guidance of the Spirit of God and suffered until death even though God heard him at the last moment, but it's too late.
He said there are those who want to strengthen all the ethnic parties in the state but most of the leaders want to strengthen only one ethnic party in the state.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has announced to all households in the district that the ration under the National Food Security Act, 2013 and also the free ration have been distributed through the ration shops. under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of November,
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA Syntar Klas Sunn has expressed his regret that the Central Agricultural University (CAU) which was planned to be set up in Kyrdemkulai, Ri-Bhoi District, has gone astray.
Remove if the skum is dry.
Shillong, March 30: The construction of the new Dorbar Hall of the KHADC, Bah M.Kharpran, has failed to provide proper answers. The questions raised by the MDCs in the House on the issue of the new House at a cost of T.4,74,14,0
Recently in Chattisgarh, nine Christian families were denied benefits from any central scheme just because they are Christians.
Perhaps the opening ceremony of the Northern Ri Bhoi College, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, has been able to fulfill the dream of Dr. DD Lapang. Former MLA of Nongpoh and who was eager to make the college a success, so that it would be of benefit to the students from many villages in the area.
“There are some errors in the Social Science textbook for Class IX and Class II, but we have printed tens of thousands of errors and distributed them to schools by MBoSE for this year. "I don't know now," said Mr. Marbaniang.
The team from Nongpoh, Ribhoi District, is in Pool-G against Goa, Uttarakhand and Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan.
When he reached the first gate, the police of the 6th MLA Bn, the police tried to stop the robber by shooting in the air, but he was tied with a weapon from the head. and thou shalt not be ashamed of thy power.
As the residents of this area they face many problems from the development of the government and no relationship with Assam from the language and especially they face many problems from being robbed. Therefore, they request the government to turn its attention to these villages to fall under the state of Meghalaya in this second phase of demarcation.
Shillong Lajong have been placed in Group-B along with three other teams, including United Sports Club of Kolkata, East Bengal Reserve Team and Diamond Rock FC. in the group stage and the second placed teams will qualify for the final round.
For more information, those who wish to participate can call 7085400617, 700541-7842, 9612431187 and the deadline for registration is the 4th of this month. the moon under 5 o'clock in the evening.
Speaking on Friday in the presence of Bah John.
Four persons were arrested from Police Bazar while they were handing over demand letters to a shop.
A teacher in China has found a trick and that is to get her students to sit still in their seats and listen carefully to the explanations. from their heads, and from their books.
Then, while I was talking to those friends there, Lyngdoh Sad, who had come alone, on foot from the Laitumkhrah Market, as soon as he came near me, he kissed me and asked. , “How are you, my friend?” I was happy, and I listened for a while.
Lambormi Phawa and Dalenmi Sana won silver medals in the Men's Junior XCO Relay.
Guwahati: An unexpected incident has occurred in which a patient has come by helicopter from New Delhi to Silchar for treatment.
The Court said that regarding the trucks carrying legally or illegally mined coal, it is necessary to search and not to allow them to overload.
Springtime Secondary School Sadew was the winner in both the competitions followed by Kendriya Vidyalaya, EAC, Upper Shillong, Sanshnong UP School and Sanmer Secondary School.
Speaking on the powers of Rangbah Shnong according to the customs and traditions which have existed since before the British rule and after the British left the country, he said that the Rangbah Shnongs are the greatest weapons. On the issue of the illegal entry of mynder into the country, he said, “Don't think that this summons is a big deal, but the big deal is something that can't be done. If the order of the High Court comes into force, and it will be a great threat to the nation, the people should not be silent, but have a strong spirit to fight and demand justice –Sengbhalang, seng sain planet , the national parties don't shut their ears and close their eyes"
The total number of cases in India has now reached 2 lakh.
All these villages have expressed their happiness over the visit of this former MLA to their villages and expressed the hope that he will return to be the Nongmihkhmat of the area, so that the villages will get the many assistance and development works as during his 10 years as MLA.
The death anniversary of U Tirot Sing Syiem is scheduled to be held tomorrow, but as it falls on Sunday, the committee has celebrated it today.
Speaking at an election campaign rally on June 5, Wadettiwar said the BJP accepts all corrupt leaders.
Latyrke scored the third goal in the 85th minute.
West Khasi Hills, which won the toss, allowed South Garo Hills to tied first for the loss of all wickets for 67 runs in 67 in 20.3 overs. They lost 10 wickets in 12 overs.
It is reported that the announcement has been canceled since June 2019, through an order from above.
“At present, there are 7711 Khasi books in the library of the college containing various writings,” she said.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Manik Syiem, has been elected as the full Syiem of Mylliem Hima in the election held today by the Elaka Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. District Council (KHADC).
Jowai on Friday lost a famous musician, singer and songwriter from his time in the 80's to the present.
In another match, although Lawei were beaten 4-1 in this match, they managed to play well which led to the PFR facing a tough game.
There is no freebies for 10 years before the model code of conduct, or the pop you don't have to pay anywhere if you don't have money or blankets or work for Alzheimer's or dementia or AR. I don't know why, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
The BJP cannot just insult anyone, and the people have hope now,” said Saleng.
The department as of now receives GST support from NIC Meghalaya, which has been developed by GSTN, New Delhi and to strengthen support for the GST rule, Kembhavi said the government looks forward to that in the budget year 2021-22 there will be a significant increase, in terms of revenue collection.
On the occasion of the birth anniversary of the HNLC, two flags were erected in Pnar, one in Jowai and one in Khliehriat. .
On the above grounds, the Minister was urged to take action on this issue before the office issues the permit for the new dewbilat factories in the village. continue to oppose strongly.
In the second leg, Ar Dolloi Football Team beat EJHTOTA 3-1. For Ar Dolloi, Swellmon Shylla scored two goals in the 36th and 41st minutes and Erick Dkhar in the 52nd minute.
It is to be recalled that Bah Birbor is the leading leader of the Union of Contract Teachers, who staged a protest against the government recently, but who fled empty-handed because the government and the Prime Minister, have made it clear that they cannot help in the re-appointment of them in the teaching profession.
Fortunately, the bridge has not been completed properly and has collapsed. There is nothing wrong with the public and the vehicles that pass through this bridge. At the same time, the union demands that engineers should be sent to investigate all the bridges constructed by Dhar company in Mawhati and Ri Bhoi areas. from the injury of the dead.
In this letter and in a meeting with the Managing Director of Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank, the union has also urged to set up new branches at two places in Mawsynram Block, Dangar and Pongkung so that the people will not be able to They have more difficulties when they need to complete their bank duties.
Prime Minister Duh said the world looks at India's determination, the strength of the people of the country and the power of the people of the country with respect.
However, the only freedom that is important and terrible today is political freedom.
The truck, which was coming from Nongstoin and was carrying heavy goods, overturned at the Sunny Side Theological College.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Mukul said that it is the people who destroy the environment and it is the people who should take responsibility to declare it.
The Seng also urges the government to take all necessary measures to resolve the border issue as soon as possible.
It is estimated that last year, there were billions of these insects that appeared in the world, due to heavy rains in parts of the world and now in June 2020, they have reached trillions. typically.
The rally called by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) from Motphran to Fire Brigade Square to demand the government to pass a law on youth employment has turned into a rally. During the march, there was a lot of handshaking and sympathy with the flags of the march.
“It has been decided to issue a strict order to those who are not allowed to issue NOC without the approval of the Council,” said Chyne.
“I want to make it clear here that I have never used drugs in my life and this is just an act to make me famous,” she said.
“I don't know if other politicians take advantage of these schemes by claiming that they brought them but in fact they came directly from Delhi,” he said.
More than 1,000 people from across the state on 22nd July 2024, have gathered in Ri Bhoi District to welcome Congress Leader Rahul Gandhi, who has visited Meghalaya. for the Bharat Jodo Day Yatra.
Bracewell is the second player in the team to suffer a long-term injury after Kane Williamson suffered an injury during the IPL this year. to Gujarat Titans.
Balahun, Convener of the Sex Trade Opposing People (STOP), said that she first came to the sex trade not of her own accord, but because she was sold to a shandal. A man from Assam, Uttar Pradesh, died when he was a child.
A 6.5 magnitude earthquake struck eastern Papua New Guinea on Tuesday morning, although the country did not witness any signs of the quake before it struck through storms. or the stirring of the sea, as it used to be before the flood.
This day is celebrated as the birthday of Karl Landsteiner, who was born on July 14,
The government has also announced that if it cannot curb the spread of the disease, it may impose another lockdown.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the CEM, the General Secretary of the Union, Bah Ricky Pathaw, said that the demand of the Union of Samla Samla was made after they found that there is a lot of corruption. Regarding the appointment of KHADC, he said that the party will give a month to implement the appointment rules and the four months will end in November this year. If the District Council does not implement it, they will appeal to the court.
However, later, James Sylliang said that the Council has closed down one of the units of MAPL in Mawthei-Ri-Bhoi district due to complaints received from the residents. this area.
As soon as the review meeting is over, I will come back to you and we will have a detailed discussion with the press after the review meeting.
On the other hand, the union wishes that through this Behdeinkhlam, the residents of the village will enjoy good health, good income and a fruitful agriculture.
The MUCF also prays for the leaders of the State and the country as a whole, to gain the knowledge, in which they take the responsibility for the service of the country.
VIII. HIS TRUST IN GOD: The trust of the Lord Jesus in what His Father is doing is clearly seen in the four Gospels and in the New Testament as a whole.
The SDO of Mairang Civil Sub-Division has been fined 30 tyngka and trained to follow the rules and regulations. The office of the SDO of Mairang Civil Sub-Division will continue to inspect various villages. .
Shillong, Naitung 14: In an incident that shocked the officials of the Shillong Premier League (SPL) today, the public seating area at Madan Polo, which was built of wood and covered with plywood, was shocked by the incident. Mawlai Sports Club and Ryntih Sc. have played a fierce match between Mawlai Sports Club and Ryntih Sc.
The Society understands that the government will take measures to help them, but the JHDS understands that the assistance from the government will take time and to The Society for Social Services, Jowai Diocese under the leadership of Father Manbha Pakem, Director of the Society and its members today ( 05/03/2020) to Lapangap and distributed tin sop iing as much as possible to 50 households of Lapangap village who have been severely affected by this cold weather.
When asked for details on his decision, Sangma confirmed and said, “As a former Chief Minister, I have found that this NPP government led by Conrad Kongal Sangma, said that the government has not lost the income of the people and it is also a government that has not owned all the schemes and development works that have been done by the government. rim".
Allfond said that as the leaders of the HFU, they are now in the midst of struggling how to bring about changes in many areas and how to bring about jobs for the youth through the rep you ring.
The main objective of the Church in establishing this school is to teach the children not only in education in the scientific age but especially in morality and knowledge of God the Creator.
Ardent said that on the border issue, which Hoping stands on, he said that this is not an issue only for him or for the MLA alone but for the MLA. The issue of the HSPDP and the party was founded to establish a proper border to protect and prevent the exploitation of the natural resources inside our country. , by other foreigners but how to enrich our own nation with these resources that God has given us.
The government's ban on the participation of deficit teachers is due to partiality and injustice in the eyes of the world (natural justice).
“The UDP also has no difference, it only knows how to blame other high levels, but it doesn't differ from the NPP because they belong to the same family, only the name differs.
Dr. Sahkhar urged the groups or societies to take advantage of the government scheme to alleviate unemployment and improve the income of the farmers.
"There are those who have misunderstood and have criticized evil, saying, 'Wow!
It is to be recalled that the struggle to change the leadership in the state within the Congress party to replace the leader within the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) is not over.
In this regard, the UDP has also set up a committee to discuss the Bill under the leadership of Bah PK Raswai.
This is the second time that the question has been stolen during the current examination.
People were seen fleeing their homes from the main road and those inside their homes, as the earthquake became stronger and lasted for some time.
Other athletes Narinder Cheema (Greco-Roman 97kg), Naveen (Greco Roman 130kg) and Pooja Gehlot (women's 50kg) lost.
If it can’t do that, there’s no point in wasting citizens’ time.
Earlier, it was announced that the MDCs will rally in front of the KHADC but it has been changed by ordering all to take part in the seats where they are available. encourage the public to participate by wearing flags at their workplaces, in market places, in their vehicles and in their villages.
Uttar Pradesh has the highest number of poor people with 5.94 crore people living out of poverty in the last nine years, followed by Bihar with 3.77 crore, Madhya Pradesh with 3.77 crore. 2.30 crore and Rajasthan 1.87 crore.
In this regard, the Pyndensakwang Village Council has urged the residents and the people who pass through the village to keep them clean and not to spread them. garbage on the streets, roads inside the village but what is needed is to work together with the village so that it will bring about a clean environment and also to avoid many kinds of diseases.
He retired from the PWD department as an Overseer (Sectional Officer/JE).
It is to be recalled that since July 23, the meat vendors have closed their shops after the people have been reluctant to buy meat due to the outbreak of LSD in the cows.
Raliang Waheh Shnong Sanki Lamare said that the persons arrested on the 19th of this month are not residents of Raliang as reported in the news and are from Iooksi Kyan Mynsar and Priang.
“We are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the independence of the state and also the 50th anniversary of the club by holding many tournaments this year where the ball bearing competition is one of the most important. “It's a great opportunity for us to celebrate our 50th anniversary,” said Bah Banjop Mukhim, Spokesperson of the club.
She added that the organization of this dance competition is not only to give an opportunity to the talented youth, but also to work hard to raise funds. for this group which aims to do many things for the development of the community.
“We plan to develop the jobs of the youth of this state,” he said.
According to sources, the Mizoram Government will request the Central Government to provide a grant of up to T.10 crore to provide relief facilities for the Manipur refugees. to hide in Mizoram.
Youthful Lapang, former Sordar Shnong, Rangbah Shnong Nongwah Mawtamur, Donkupar Wahlang, Dwen Lyngdoh and others were also present on the occasion. other Village Leaders and Elders of Nongwah Mawtamur.
The leaders of the Bhalang are those who have a good education.
CNN reported that North Korea has not commented on the food shortage, but it is estimated that the shortage is about 860,000 tons, or what should be eaten. for two months residents of that Country.
Happiness is essential for us to have or have in the life of a believer even if we face many challenges.
This market is one of the largest border markets in Rilum Khasi and is located in Ri-Bhoi district and the KHADC wants to turn it into a Market Complex to develop it further. the income and economic development of the people in the fields of trade.
Those who wish to apply for this job will receive a salary of T.20,000 per month and can apply at this telegram link.
He reportedly complained of shortness of breath and fever, which is also a symptom of the disease.
Shillong, March 15: NPP MLA from Songsak Nihim D Shira has been arrested on the 11th of this month for allegedly demanding money from him in the name of the HNLC. and welcomed the decision of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to contest from his constituency, Songsak in the upcoming MLA elections.
And if the whole family journey is written down it will be one of the longest topics and it will take months and years to write it down, but here now I don't really want to talk about those things All these but what I intend to talk about is according to the theme above “Christian homes as the glory of Christ”.
Laitkroh SC have lost 10 points to Mawñianglah Youth SC after failing to score a goal until the end of the first half.
Early this morning, they went to Nongkhnum to search for her to commit suicide as written in the letter but they could not find her because if you ask the villagers in Nongkhnum they could not find her. After returning from Nongkhnum, they did not hesitate to inform the Nongstoin Police Station regarding the incident.
From childhood, when you began to know Me, you have rebelled against Me by your lying words, by your immorality in the synagogue, by neglecting your duties and by all kinds of slander.
This time in the upcoming election, we will support Kong Aicifull and we demand that the AITC should give her a ticket, otherwise we will contest as an independent candidate. you don't get a ticket".
These include Athletics (2 players), Football (Male), Swimming (4 players), Wushu & Judo, Shooting and Golf (4 players).
Jesus will cry out on the day of the resurrection, “The dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God (Jesus) “And they that hear shall live” John 5:2
U Bah Kyrshan Sulein, Rangbah Shnong of Umjari, said that their stay at the Dorbar Shnong for 14 days does not mean that the village has rejected them, but Sulein thanked the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem for providing for the needs of the people. quarantine, especially in terms of food.
With these two goals, Shillong Soccer Scout team became the winners of the Under-16 Football League 2023-24 of the SSA. Parents of the children and supporters, members of the office bearers of the Shillong Sports Association together with the President of the SSA, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who distributed the prizes to the winners.
Time passed and the Khasi written language grew.
At the same time, the RDA has informed the government that it should inform the central government that they demand that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​be included in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
On the other hand, the village has made it clear that if the Karbi people come back to cut down the trees, they will not allow them to damage their planting and burial grounds, because that place is still there. “It's from Lapangap,” said Monbha Pyrphet.
After finishing he leaves the house to wait for a taxi.
The union warns that if the land owners, private individuals or companies do not immediately stop the Coke Factories, the union will not hesitate to inspect all the places to find out whether there is illegal mining. the coal to be transported to the Coke Factories built in the area.
Surprisingly, after the incident, the residents tried to phone the MLA, Bah Julius K Dorphang to inform him of the incident but the phone of the MLA switched off. Rupang also tried to talk to the Mawhati MLA, but it was found that his phone was switched off.
When will our religious/church leaders understand that we are equal before God and before nature, and that God wants us to love one religion for another, one nation for another? that peace may reign on earth.
Speaking to reporters, Valjibhai said the Commission has understood all the issues through discussions and wants the Metor drivers to move to government houses. they were prepared.
The main demands are that the state government should take over all the teaching posts without distinguishing between deficit, adhoc, deficit pattern but to make the same salary as government employees because they teach the same job.
When Daplin fled, Lanosha's mother went to her daughter's room to ask her what had happened that morning.
However, only Bah HM Shangpliang, former MLA Mawsynram, who has left the BJP and joined the NPP, has been prominent. Two candidates have applied for tickets but the party leaders (who did not want to be named) said that they do not know all these candidates but they said that perhaps this is just a discussion between the leaders.
Gratia, who is still in class VII, has already arranged that after passing class VIII she will be sent to learn embroidery and Gavin will be sent to learn art – calligraphy.
Alcohol is still controlled, it is still difficult to sell because of the way it is carried and colored, it is easier to hide, even when you drink, you don't want to drink too much. , for fear of getting drunk and quickly becoming unknown for a while, but the drug, only a tin (golden), has attracted young people to become drug dealers, because easy to hide or carry on your body, which also makes it easy for even young buyers.
Of all the living creatures, only man can stir up and express his heart through voice or words, especially if we stir up by our actions.
Therefore, these Maws were owned by the Khadwei Kur Mylliem.
This authorization was received after a competitive bidding process, in which RGICL was the winner of the bidding process in which it bid competitively with other bidders. .
In these places, they don't have or will have the right to stop trucks carrying excessive loads.
She also suggested the need to be well prepared mentally when writing the examination.
When asked by the residents of Robert Hospital, they said that it has been a while since the incident occurred among the staff of the hospital. and regulatory bodies.
Shillong, July : The Mary Mount Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Mawtawar on Tuesday celebrated after the students of this school passed 100% in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC). ) and in the recently announced Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC).
Indeed, these banks have complied with almost all the requirements to provide the necessary services to the public in terms of collecting funds and also helping to provide loans to those in need.
"Bah Danny Langstieh said that the party has found that some unidentified persons have written “HA U PRAH" in the death news on social media and in the media. of Baptism TV, T7, and others.
In Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools, no units will be set up.
And only one sati is to be placed on other bseiñ and it is to be enlarged or reduced only by commanding it “To be small” so it became small “To be heavy " so big.
He went and kicked the first cross, saying, “Why are you sleeping here, you son of a bitch?
With this victory, India won its 22nd gold medal at the Asian Games to bring the country to 95 medals.
As the days go by, we are getting closer to the polling for the MP elections to the Lok Sabha on 19th June
“On 23rd November, 2023 at the National Ex-Servicemen Convention in Kurukshetra, I met Col Pravat Kumar Panda (Retd), Independent Director, Uranium Corporation of India Ltd (UCIL) .
On the other hand, the Education Secretary of the KSU, Banjop Maring, said, “The KSU is seeking clarification on two issues – one is whether these employees have been dismissed from the KSU. Imphal come here with their family or alone, which the Dean informed us that only the staff came here.
Kohli said that whenever he visits the state, the MUA-II government of the Congress will fail because of the turmoil within the Congress party.
He said that as youth it is also the time for them to choose between good and evil and when youth can judge between the two they can succeed and walk in the right path in life as youth.
Not only judgments, but questions, answers and discussions are necessary for the public to know.
The Supreme Court will take its decision to sentence Bhushan on 20th July
On the other hand, some of the tympew vendors and transporters said that the building was demolished on Thursday night last month and although it has not been completed. , but on their part, they expressed their gratitude to the Syiem and the Dorbar for listening to their request, and expressed that this demolition of the building will It will help them in terms of trade in the Basa and will help to improve the market by providing roads from one road to another.
As soon as Hati Sakuna reached the top of the tree, he immediately struck and tried to break down the tree.
The Invitation Knock-Out Football Tournament 2022-23 will be held at the New Nongstoiñ Football Stadium in New Nongstoiñ.
Besides these issues, the issuance of a license will also encourage other people to apply for the same license in Restaurants, Homestays, Inns as well as shops selling liquor which the Shnong has banned. against that they should not exist.
As ASHA workers even on low income, they urged the government to understand the problems of their children from health through food and education. .
However, Mawlai took the lead by goal difference by scoring a goal against Lumparing who dropped to second place.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Education, Meghalaya, Rakkan Sangma said that women do better than men in the examinations and they can contribute a lot because that they have the power to persuade others.
According to the RTI reply, the visit of the CEM, EM and officers to Delhi was on the occasion of the Forum of Councils under the Sixth Schedule (FOCUSS). to ask for money from the District Council.
The most important thing is to conduct research by scientists in agriculture on new ways and techniques to combat climate change.
We are the NPP and we are members of the NDA and there is no danger of joining the NDA coalition.” and religion, because religions are the same in Meghalaya.
The Seng has said that it is not the time for the state government to improve the railway line if the government has not been able to fully implement the ILP. Kongkal Sangma said that there has been a discussion on the expansion and bringing of the railway line to the state, as part of the demand of the people, but the Seng itself has spoken. He said that if there is no full implementation of the inner line permit in the state, the Seng will not take part in the talks with the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U MDC Nongthymmai, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that in the last 10 years of his tenure as MDC, he has done three important things.
We pray for peace so that there will be ways and means to restore peace in Manipur.
Since the beginning of the year, police have registered 37 complaints under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 regarding the seizure of drugs and other intoxicants.
These researchers, therefore, believe that this shows that Jesus had more disciples than previously reported.
Before the start of the match, Lion Sports Youth Affairs won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 213 runs for the loss of six wickets in 35 overs.
He said that the need to appoint teachers to conduct the game in the right direction.
After the MLA elections in Sohiong, the NPP MDCs may have overthrown Bah Titos but it is understood that the NPP authorities have not yet allowed them to withdraw their cooperation with the NPP. The UDP has been involved in the first MDA government led by the NPP.
The farmers in India are united and concerned about what happened in Manipur and the farmers request the Government of Manipur and the Government of India to take action so that peace can be restored in Manipur.
The court ordered the NHAI to repair the road immediately and complete it as soon as possible.
And suddenly there came a storm of wind from the sea, which is called Euroclydon, which is called Euroclydon. ryngkew, very terrible.
According to police, on the 16th of June, five Rohingyas were arrested from the same railway station after smuggling into the railway station. border with the state of Tripura through the border area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region today said that it welcomes the statement of the Rangbah Sning Patrim, on his personal acceptance of MD Mumtaj Ahmed. Ahmed, a resident of Umsning Patarim, said that it also accepts Ahmed as an Indian citizen, but the party says that it does not accept him as an Indian citizen. The residents of Umsning Patarim without the acceptance or approval of all the residents and the union, said how can he say that a temporary certificate has been issued, when it is not clearly written in the certificate.
Shillong: U BM Lanong, Chief Advisor to the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday said that the CMD of MeECL, Mr.A.Kembhavi has investigated the theft of electricity by factories in the country. Industrial Area Byrnihat, with the help of MeECL employees, has exposed the thefts committed by the experts, over the past decade, which has affected many people, due to the power outages. The government has also suffered a huge loss of electricity which will cost billions of rupees.
Chullai Brothers will play against Spikers at 3.45 pm.
Dr. HH Mohrmen, explained about the raid of the elaka, the Kur and the Jait, especially the explanation on the Khasi, Pnar and War languages. and the way of taking words from other languages ​​in giving names or calling, the Khasi-Pnar people will be rich by taking turns to speak words that don't have words to call rather than taking examples from foreign countries. English has been taken from Greek, Latin, German and is now a rich language.
He said that the news in these days seems to be a big fight between the District Council and the state government, but in fact there is no such fight, he said.
Every time the five years of elections have come, the villages, organizations, various groups, private individuals have been silent because of the ban on getting anything that will lead to destruction.
However, he said the US assistance this time may take a little longer than in the past.
The union congratulates the government, the Director of School Education and Literacy AC Marak and Prof RC Laloo, Minister of Education for listening and implementing the wishes of the people that this school should be located in Lawbyrtun.
After his death, his sons opened 3 big stores in the market.
Shillong, July 13: The Central Government has allocated T.180 crore for the implementation of the Dam Rehabilitation and Improvement Project (DRIP) in Meghalaya.
Greneth M Sangma said that the department has said that once the reply to his RTI request is complete, he will have to deposit 10 lakh tyngka only for the xerox copies. that answer.
Rani said the HNYF has made it clear that this area is not within Assam, but within Meghalaya which is within Ri Bhoi District. the border of the Nongspung Hima.
These bullets, found at 6.30 pm, include one 7.62mm SLR bullet. There are also 8 other bullets with the inscription “Hyniewtrep ka ri um snam u kñ u kong”. “Mukul Begum is a threat to the Khasi” and another bullet, which read “This bullet belongs to Head Mukul Begum, be careful” and another which said “7 times HNLC (JK) 7skum”. HNLC(KJ)” and another who said “We want ILP??? ILP!ILP!ILP!" and there was another who said “You Khasi police, take care of your children” among others.
During the meeting, u Lamphang, who is also the MLA of Shella, which is the area where the company is located, promised to take up the issue with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Try.
On this day, there were many entertainment activities for the guests of the program which the club has prepared such as camping nights, bon fires, dances, food and also songs from various groups.
The HNLC has issued this statement following the incidents in which Khasi residents of Langpih, Block I, Block II have been attacked by Nepalis who have received support from the government. Assam which has been considered as a vote bank.
“I urge those friends who have not yet accepted the NEP not to play with the future of the students because if they continue to follow the old course they will not be able to study Post Graduate here or in other states.
He was a Persian king who married a Jewish woman named Esther.
Sumer (8min), Chanjib Chetry (9,17,19min) scored the first goals for Ribhoi while Ricky Kharkongor (4) scored the third goal for Umphyrnai Presbyterian. ,17,19,20 min).
There are teachers who are members of BSCs or DSCs or other political government committees until they have to drop out of school.
The union demands that the Traffic Branch should be established in the district so that the people of the area will not be affected.
Since the abduction of the cargo ship on the evening of the 4th, INS Chennai has been on duty to rescue the ship.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong on Tuesday celebrated its 50th Anniversary in a peaceful manner. The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Defense Minister Roshan Warjri, Pastors, Principal DR Shullai, school children, Rangbah Shnongs, teachers and parents.
Rupang has learned that the KHADC has not yet been able to collect the names of those Rangbah Shnongs who are working in the government and it will take time to complete this task.
Modi said that during his visit in January, he had also been able to detonate a bomb to witness the Khasi massacre in Mawphlang.
Referring to the NPP's victory in Khasi Hills, Sandondor said that as seen in the last elections, the NPP from Khasi Hills won only two seats except from Ri-Bhoi and Jaintia Hills. and this shows that the people have not yet accepted this party.
If we look closely at this point by comparing the spiritual work with the worldly work which is the flesh, the Lord God is the Lord of Life and the Giver of Life we ​​believe this even though we are in Any belief in God is the same, but if we turn to the works of the world, the Farmer is also the Giver and Savior of all people in the world, because as I said above, there is no creature that Live in this world without food and if we look closely it is only the farmer who meets the food demand of the people in the world, the world can change anyway, forty kinds of developments they may come and change the whole world but remember that agriculture is the source of all economic development and as long as there are farmers working in the fields there is still hope to survive and survive.
He urged the village headmen not to ignore their demand even though the Prime Minister will call for talks with them on 30th March.
Referring to the Myntdu River, which surrounds Jowai, I would like to congratulate the “Khooid ya ka Wah Myntdu” organization for taking the initiative to clean and protect this river from pollution.
“We were shocked when Maheh passed away, it made us sad to throw a stick in the bomb and on the 13th of June, the shocked people will turn to joy.
Nongpoh: Prof. SP Singh Baghel, Union Minister in charge of Law & Justice and Development Works in Ri Bhoi District, today visited the He visited Ri Bhoi District, which is one of the districts in the country which has been included and received the title of Aspirational District.
Not only the bill but they are also the Nongkhaii.
Police also recovered two mobile phones from the bodies of the suspects.
In politics, he has been a great supporter of the Hill State struggle in our state.
The relevant authorities must follow the principles of respect for religion, freedom of worship and other rules enshrined in the Constitution,” he said. Momin through the thread.
“The sordar has cut down the trees without any knowledge or decision of the dorbar and he has not convened a dorbar since 2011,” said Bah Bapynbiang Nongspung.
Shillong, July : The Block Development Office, Mawlai on Friday distributed 40 checks under the FOCUS program and 40 sanction letters. letters of allocation of funds to Self Help Groups (SHGs) for their work, amounting to more than 62 lakh tyngka.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said it is surprising that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has refused to expose his involvement with the insurgents in the state.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that considering the total expenditure in the past two years, the Government has had to spend about T.600 crore from the budget to pay the salaries. including the purchase of electricity to maintain the current electricity supply.
It has a fully equipped IPD with 60 beds in Ayurveda and 20 beds in Homeopathy.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, FFT Chairman Bah Jemino Mawthoh said that according to the FFT, the implementation of the Umiam Project is more important than the needs of the state. it is enough.
The middle theme is “No Voter to Be Left Behind.
“The complaint to the Congress leader, who is the DCA Minister, is only an excuse to get a report that the number of MDCs does not reach 15 to dissolve the Executive Committee of the PDF, led by PN Syiem,” said Shylla.
Hundreds of people have attended this meeting organized by the leaders of the JAC, to express their strong opposition to these selfish people who have not found their rights. There is no need to worry about the peace and stability and the future of our children, to give our full support to the leaders of the JAC, who have strongly opposed the plans of the private sector to sell the JAC. their land to the soldiers.
When you don't come when the issue is raised so how can we turn on these allegations? To my knowledge we have been able to do a lot of work in all places," she said.
Mahatma Gandhi's reading was not only at home but also while sitting on the train.
“As the leaders of the Sports Associations, we have a responsibility to promote these sports activities and also to open up opportunities for talented youth to get the opportunity to train and develop. “It's a good idea to develop my skills and also to become a human being through these sports activities,” said Bah Kharkamni.
Regarding this decision, the CMD said that MePDCL has decided to hand over the Shillong Central Circle which includes Shillong and surrounding areas and the Eastern Circle which includes Shillong. Jaintia Hills for the implementation of the IBDF. According to the decision, the State Government will have to hand over the management of these two circles which are strong enough to generate revenue for MePDCL to the company. This means that the work of maintaining and maintaining sub-stations, electricity lines, installing meters, collecting taxes will be transferred to MePDCL. and other works usually done by the employees of MeECL or MePDCL will be done by these companies.
"TUR is not surprised that Meghalaya will lag behind because in every struggle for the rights of citizens whether for women or men, those who explain and lead the struggles are only a few. How many people hold the power of Khadar, from villages, raij, hima and political power in the state as a whole? While in Meghalaya we don't want to discuss and discuss these issues which affect life, food and drink, employment, income, the development of agriculture, the well-being of women and children and so on which are the most important part of everyday life.
Shillong, Lber, 08: Although she is a talented young woman, Evadahun Shisha Rani, a resident of Umpling Dong Umbah, East Khasi Hills District, has another talent. The funeral service will be held at the Community Hall of Golflink Village, Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Eugeneson explained to the people that in the upcoming elections, the people should no longer turn to those MLAs who know only how to make schemes.
According to the residents of Umladoh area, wild elephants used to pass through the area during the rainy season because they came from all over the area in search of food.
“I don't have anything like you,” said Kmie Wanbok.
The spirit conversation with Huff has a second part, but only members of the channel can watch it, he added.
The Kur Sookpoh Khad-Ar Wyrnai also honored the students who have completed their matriculation and those who have passed well including Hazelbelle Ivilianca Pasweth, Hakayoki Lytan and Renny Nathan Siangbud.
The people should show their strength at this time.
In these leaflets, he said that the HYC has written long articles explaining the laws to curb the illegal influx of mynder into the state, and one of the laws explained in the leaflets The HYC has issued an Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Shillong: U Lambor Malngiang, MLA & MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, who is also the Chairman of the State Planning Board of the State Government, has urged the reopening of the temporary market at Lad Smit.
The case was registered on 13.12.2008 and according to a complaint lodged before the Officer In-charge of Jowai Police Station by the family members regarding the rape of Riang Najiar.
Shillong, March 14: Teachers of Jaintia Hills Govt.
The WJHDAS & MC in collaboration with the Mission National Eyecare Center Shillong has conducted a free eye treatment in Jaïaw. Middle.
In GHADC, in 2013 onwards, thousands of Congress members have been appointed, which has affected the development budget.
Manufacturer companies do not have places where they can dump the used medicines without spreading them in the hills and rivers as this will affect the environment as well as the health. of people who walk up and down on their daily activities.
According to his statement, the donation could be released within the next two or three months.
The Dolloi urged the voters to ensure that Jowai city participates actively in the field of khadar governance, thus bringing about a strong foundation in the society to ensure a bright future and strong khadar governance.
However, as witnessed, there were about 400 pilgrims who tried to enter the temple grounds at the same time, which prompted the police to close and stop to them, the source said.
It is estimated that the cost of construction of the shlem will be about T.3,000 crore.
After inquiry, they did not have any documents from the Labor Department or even identity cards.
Rilangki Susngi (54) scored the first goal for Nangbah Mooknor.
Lebanon beat Maldives 1-0 to top Group B and qualify for the semi finals of the SAFF Championship.
I am preparing to open a car manufacturing factory for him and our parents and friends will help us,” she said.
We will stand firm in our demand for the police to shoot people in Garo Hills in the name of the law,” said the GNLA. we shall follow the same path.
The Minister urged the members of the Board to conduct research on prostitution and the increase in HIV and AIDS. who are politically connected.
It has been found that when two species of plants or animals mate, their offspring are often stronger or better than their parents.
This will open up opportunities for young people who want to study science in the country and other fields.
Why doesn't the Election Commission turn a blind eye to this issue?
Jowai, November 15: Home Guard Volunteers who have been working for the fight against Covid-19 in the past years in West Jaintia Hills, including Saphai, Raliang, Amlarem, Phramer and Ummulong, were arrested today. and Jowai, they went to the office of the Commandant Home Guard and Civil Defence, Jowai with the intention of closing down the office.
One of the complaints filed against the Christians also named an 11-year-old child and a man who died in 2010, Steven testified.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The ration poor families of Wahlyngngia village in Sohiong Constituency have filed a complaint before the ADC AL Mawlong in Shillong regarding the lack of ration.
At the same time, the village authority has informed that those who wish to sell their goods in the area must obtain permission from the Rangbah Shnong of the village.
Mawkynrew MLA, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh has left for Nongjrong together with officials of the Tourism Department to meet with the village authorities on the 14th July. , 2023.
Lenny Kravity Lyngdoh (73') scored the second goal in the 52nd minute for the victory.
The meeting will also be attended by agricultural experts who will present their suggestions to address the needs of the agriculture department.
The MLA elections in all 60 constituencies are only nine months away and this is the time for the voters to look back on what they have received from their leader in the last four years. what he or she has brought to their communities throughout the years.
“I don't know which government officials are involved in interfering with the police, the allegation of the Nongkrem MLA may be against the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs or other government ministers.
The 15 days will start from the date of publication of this notice and if they do not collect their ration cards, their benefits from the government will be reduced, said a statement from the Dorbar Shnong.
Then, it was again since November last year, but they didn't start and after a reminder, they started repairing on 22nd July 2019, but this time, they built only The PWD department has imposed a fine of T.1.05 lakh per day from July 1, 2019, the Tribune reported.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma was the chief guest at the program in the presence of other dignitaries.
The Pariong and Marngar clans converted from the Diengdoh clan when they settled in these places.
Union Minister Rajeev Chandrasekhar, Minister of State for Skill Development and IT, on Tuesday said that if the people elect the BJP to come to power, the BJP will provide everything. All the issues of Meghalaya including the ILP. If he promises to hold power, what will he do now because for more than three years now the people through the Legislators of the Assembly of the State have already approved it. The BJP has passed a resolution since November 2019 and submitted it to the Central Government but the BJP has not responded to this.
"“If you want to talk, the door is open.
MeECL XI beat MLP (DEF) 3-1 in the 8th InterOffice Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy organized by the MSGEF at Kiang Nangbah on Thursday. .
As a sign of the beginning of unity, let us be clear to elect only one regional or national party that can form a government. there will be no organizational change after their victories) that can bring us back to the same way we are now.
The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah AL Hek was the chief guest along with Kyrmen Shylla as the Symbud Chief Guest.
This is the time when I invite you to ask me to think whether we have already hurt, hurt, hurt my mother, father, family members, neighbors and if we find ourselves in trouble. If we have done so, we will quickly change our minds and find that after a while, the judgment of God will come and we will lose eternal life.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, said that these people are accustomed to setting up drinking places on the streets and in the streets and this has caused panic and anxiety among the people.
However, we regret that this Bill is still pending and has been rejected by the Governor.
However, by the end of the tournament, the State had won only one gold medal in the men's U-19 football team after beating Punjab 1-0 in the final.
“The call for ILP has been going on since 1985-87 but till now we have not received ILP although 60 MLAs have submitted a resolution in 2019 to the central government.
The Bachelor’s degree with Post Graduate Diploma should be in First Class or at least with 60% marks in aggregate or equivalent grade and 2 (two) years experience in the relevant field.
The 2nd and 1st Divisions are scheduled to be held in the first and last months of November, while the Shillong Premier League (SPL) tournament, which was scheduled to start this month, has been postponed to November. this year.
“So let us wait for the answer from the government and if it is clear on the two issues then I am ready to contest this time,” said Bah Alan.
Those of you who look at my status and facebook, I believe you have read my article that I used to write, “Peace will come on earth if we love our neighbour, respect all religions and nations.
In this regard, the district authorities as well as those working within the health department said that the vaccination will continue as directed by the district authorities and the government.
If they are expelled or suspended, the party should send a letter to him for verification but as it is so far, the suspension is only in the announcement in the media.
Before the competition, a short meeting was held which was conducted by the President of MSGEF, Ma H. Mohrmen while Ma T. Laloo, Secretary Indoor MSGEF, at the end of the meeting, gave a welcome speech.
With the slaughter of the firstborn of Egypt there was a great mourning throughout Egypt but the children of Israel were delivered.
The work done during India's G20 presidency will strengthen our activities related to key resources in which India will be a leader.
However, according to reports, it is understood that the decision they will take will be taken by the AICC and if it takes a decision they do not agree with, some ministers and MLAs may leave the Congress party.
Thank you very much.
The head of the bindo doesn't have any strength anymore.
“We have to learn from our children and from the community to improve our lives.
According to the JSU, this year there are about 2,000 youths from Jaintia Hills who have to write examinations in Shillong or Tura. The expenditure of more than 2000 students in Shillong is T.200 tyngka . The union said that the expenditure of more than 2000 students is T.200 tyngka to T.4 lakh.
“Many village authorities are trying to remove the aganwadis who have worked with the intention of appointing new ones,” said Kong Lyngdoh. It is up to the Social Welfare Office to appoint them through the Child Development Program Officers (CDPOs).
And this Lucifer, who became Satan, killed God because he could no longer act like God or no longer be able to knieh the throne of God, and no longer be able to be like the Most High.
Pope Francis, the head of the Catholic Church, has slightly changed the Lord's Prayer and the words he changed are from the phrase 'lead us not into temptation' he translated it as 'do not let us fall into temptation' or 'don't lead us into temptation'
“How are you doing, Father?” asked the mother.
The meeting was attended by State Executive Members including Dayanand Kr.
The DSEO office should take action against such a school.
Meghalaya will play against Pondicherry on 25th July.
The five Meghalaya wrestlers who have been selected to represent India at the 2023 World Arm Wrestling Championship to be held in Almaty, Kazakhstan include Shanborlang Siangshai, Alexander Lyngdoh, Banbatjuban Khongwir and Aiboklang. Paul Wanniang, Alan Sun Marbaniang, Everson Thangkhiew.
They also submitted a petition to the Chief Minister (MR) Conrad K Sangma to take action on this urgent issue.
On this occasion, the residents of the village elected Bah Deibor Suchiang as the Waheh Shnong for the term 2022-2
These are the doctors at the CHCs and PHCs of Selsella, Tikrikilla, Asanang, Dalu and Darengre in West Garo Hills.
This will be the first time in the Diocesan Procession in Ri Lyngngam Parish, which is adjacent to Rongjeng Parish in East Garo Hills District.
RUFC had high hopes of playing hard in the final after winning 3-0 goals and captain Niawkorlang Kyndiah said that the players had an understanding to play hard until the end.
This is according to a statement issued by Basan Raid Mawlieh.
Let the State Government understand this and arrange for it next year, so that even if it is the same Governor, if he practices English well for a year, perhaps he can be arrested by the audience.
This has happened again when the Nepalis have forcibly occupied the land of Bah Phrangly Swangre and Bah Phrikshon Kharlyngdoh in Langpih by forcing them to dig a pond on their land. without hesitation even when the owners of the land went to stop them.
The Kashari High Court will hear the case again on Friday and issue a verdict on the matter.
Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do.
The District & Sessions Judge (POCSO Act) Nongstoiñ has also sentenced the man to punishment under Section 5 (m) of the POCSO Act
, there were readers, who were shocked and left their comments on the facebook page of Rupang.com.
The suspected murderer, Kwal Laloo, has killed Rinus Syiemlieh, a friend of his who works in the Nongjngi area as a logger.
Earlier, the team led by Bobby L.Nongbet beat United 2-1 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Ambernath United won 5-1.
Shillong, Nailur 1: Since the 2013 elections, reports have spread that Congress MLA from Mawkyrwat, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, has intended to retire but his supporters have not allowed him to retire. force him to fight himself.
Through the vaccine, so-called “antigens” are injected into your body (by injection or injection).
The Chancellor of the Diocese of Jowai, Fr. Martin Shylla gave the welcome speech.
The DC has recently ordered the distribution of ration to 18 households in Wahkhen who have been forcibly displaced in the past two years.
The distribution was led by Hon. General Secretary of WJDSA Lammat-oo Laloo in the presence of members of the WJDS Association.
The state government, in the past few days, has allowed doctors to give permission to people who should drink alcohol, if it is for the purpose of being a medicine for them and alcohol too. , that they should be delivered to the homes of the drinkers and pay a maximum of T.100, from the price of the kyiad, which is the take-home fee.
The Lama was hoisted and the Golden Jubilee balloons were released.
Nitin Gadkari said the NHAI is the department in charge of road construction across India, but it will be removed from the North Eastern States due to the existence of NHIDCL. The department has been established to look after these areas and has already looked after many roads in the North East.
He said there are other countries like the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia and Brunei which do not own parts of the sea but the United States is operating its ship in the area. It also shows the independence and non-ownership of any country in the sea because all countries can take part in the sea.
Nongpoh: The driver of an Umphniang truck was seriously injured in a road accident on the Shillong By-Pass at Mawpun village in Ri Bhoi district. which he was driving, collided with an oncoming vehicle.
He said that the party has visited the village to find out the truth.
It is also important that the separation should be done at source, from the place where the garbage comes from our homes.
“At present, the construction of this school has been delayed for many years due to the inability of the education department to expedite the work,” said the Seng.
After investigation, it was found that out of the 49 projects proposed for construction, there was only one sun/rain area on the cemetery at Balupara and one water tank at Daljagre.
Head coach Rutuja Gunwant arranged a 4-3-3 formation to score the first goal for Kashmir.
The uncleanness is also not clean.
He also demanded that foreign doctors should be allowed to buy land in Meghalaya so that they can live and work in the State.
But that Judge shall say: ye have rejected all these good gifts, ye have rejected my mercies, ye have gone astray, and ye have rewarded evil for good.
All the Kur ki Kha, male and female dancers from near and far are invited to take part in the event, said a statement from Bah OSM Tynsong, Chairman of the Cultural Committee.
Things cannot happen without his knowledge.
The IMA has accused Ramdev of using some bad words in front of this bright age and then of deceiving the poor to fall into his trap. statement from the medical association.
He said the aim is also to increase the income of the farmers and to curb the influx of rural people to the city in search of jobs which has caused overcrowding.
He said that one of the witnesses who has been affected by the floods is the ground floor of St. Savio School inside the village, which has caused a lot of trouble not only to the residents. village, but it has affected even the students of the school.
The government money is for the development of the people, not to enrich the 40 MLAs in the government and those who support it.
"Linda said, "I'll drink something first, then I'll eat something after that. cook.
The HSPDP leader said that at this juncture, the people need to send Bah Paul to the Legislative Assembly in Delhi to defeat the Dkhars.
The New Group also proposed to the Palestinian world an economic policy or an unbiased management of income.
(2) No court inferior to that of a Chief Metropolitan Magistrate or a Chief Judicial Magistrate shall try offense punishable under this Act.
At the same time, he said that the Shillong Bypass road from Umiam to Krang has received an allocation of Rs 1500 crore including Rs 800 crore for the construction of the road and Rs 700 crore for the land fee.
The vacancies of teachers in various departments of the university remain vacant till today.
The march started from Lad Mawklot to Rilbong to Civil Hospital, Shillong Club, Khyndai Lad to Boucher Road and back to Lad Mawklot.
“There are many hospitals in Shillong but none of them operates incinerators or effluent treatment plants, except NEIGRIHMS. They have agreed to implement the ETPs,” said SK Sunn.
Our youth, from an early age, should take part in sports, whether it is football, basketball, badminton and others.
He said the state government cannot meet the needs of the people in the fight against Covid-19 without the assistance of the Indian government.
Tear Gas and Stun Grenades were fired by the Police while the HITO threw stones.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the state government through the Labor Department has already directed companies and contractors in the state to recruit young people first. States who have qualifications for various jobs in the State.
Genesis 3:16-19.
However, if large factories come and our youth are trained, the benefit will be for our state,” he said.
Last month, she won three gold medals at the World Masters Athletics Indoor Championships 2023 in Torun, Poland in the 65m race, the discuss throw and the shot. put.
Hek admitted that the time is short and therefore they have to work hard to travel to different places.
He said this while visiting the Ïewduh on Friday together with other EMs at the Dielang jhur market regarding the problems of the farmers.
The KSU said the Garo GHSMC recently met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Rajnath Singh and President Ram Nath. Kovind said, “Of course we don't oppose you but we tell you that you are wrong if you dare to cross the border into parts of South West Khasi Hills District. “If you follow the proposed Garoland of 2006 of the ANVC,” said the President of KSU SWKH, Samla Forwardman Nongrem.
According to the guidelines and observance of Kafala customs, stepmothers or stepfathers are also allowed to raise and care for children born to the previous father/mother.
Shillong: The Hima Mylliem Market will be closed tomorrow on the 15th of November due to the annual festival of the Hima Mylliem.
Police have seized 40 detonators, 194 electronic Tikli, 5 fuses and 128 gelatin sticks.
The formation of the coalition government has affected the parties especially the ethnic parties and other led parties because they have been accused of being bus drivers or Team B of the Congress in the past and now of the NPP. It has also affected the fact that the ethnic parties or other parties in the government, will find it difficult to fight when it comes time for the elections because they are accused together and fighting for prominence.
He said that the counting of time will be done electronically so that there will be no discrimination against those who are eligible to win.
Dr. Bishnoi's statement came after Bernard N. Marak alleged that it was the order of the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma to the Police Department to raid Rimpu Bagan.
Because from the beginning of Kulong Kumah until 1835 AD this area falls under the Hima Jaintia and we have our own Elaka and our own Dolloi, from 1835 to 1950 AD during the rule of the government. Phareng is also keeping us inside the Jowai Civil Sub-Division and we still have the documents to prove this.
The Seng urges the relevant authorities to investigate immediately, so that they cannot do whatever they want.
It doesn't matter whether you are a 'sew ap house' or a 'sew distributor' of milk to your neighbors.
“We have seen the pollution of this river which has turned blue and the union in the past years has urged the government to test the water of Wah Kynshi. to know whether it is still safe to use.
When asked whether the Board will continue to look after the appointment of doctors, the Chief Minister said that the government will consider the working methods before taking a decision whether to continue or suspend. after the completion of the appointment of these 500 persons.
Others who sustained minor injuries were taken to Singtam Hospital for treatment.
He said that it is something that has changed a lot in our society because when the election season comes, many people are looking forward to the elections and participating in the festival of political parties without thinking of anything else. they did in four years 9 months.
Sangma also spoke about the land tenure system in the state, the presence of sacred forests and the presence of bridges.
The applicant may lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner or SDO against the non-issuance of the syrnod by the Rangbah Shnong and in such a case, it shall be resolved within 3 days.
However, until 9 pm, they did not return home and the mother and family members went to look for the children and informed the police.
This was revealed by the VDPs of Muktapur Village who arrested five persons who were trying to smuggle Kwai to Bangladesh and also seized a pick up ML04c5
Thailand won five gold, four silver medals followed by the United Arab Emirates with four gold, silver and three bronze medals.
He said that Asirshon, one of the Rangbah Kur of the Thangkhiew Kur, was expelled from the Kur Seng, because of his violence without the knowledge of the Kur. He said that NEHU had paid the amount of money to the kur in 1997 and he was expelled from the kur in
He wrote this book based on his experience during the preparation for SSLC and HSSLC as well as the NEET entrance examination to study doctorate in the country.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today inaugurated the Ribbit Lake Resort as part of the Spring Festival 2020-Lake Side Fiesta. The meeting was attended by Symbud Minister Prestone Tynsong, Nongstoin MLA M Byrsat, Jirang MLA S Sohtun, MDC Grace Kharpuri and RL Rodingi of the NEC and others.
The GI tag recognized products from the North East promoted by APEDA are Sohmynken Beb, Soh Jew from Assam and these are the products that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has inspected in his speech. about them in the program Maan Ki Baat.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle today lodged a complaint with the Sub-Divisional Officer PWD. Amlarem, on the damage and incomplete construction of the road from Tamabil to Amsku which was completed in
He said that until now the servants have become masters while the masters have become servants because the servants no longer respect their masters.
Commenting on the incident, an Indian government spokesman said, “I don't know about the incident” and said the People's Liberation Army (PDA) troops are guarding the border tightly and blocking the border. you shall enter and leave illegally.
The investigation team was pleased with Mithun's actions and statements regarding his duties as the spokesperson of the group.
The Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC-B) has condemned the statement of the Jaiaw MDC and said it is inappropriate.
This is the first Khad in Meghalaya to be operational in
On the occasion, the MLA of the constituency, expressed his happiness that he has been able to help the people who are in dire need of assistance and part of it has achieved what he wanted and that is to help the people. the people and especially those poor families.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on Monday, Bah Angelus Sun expressed his satisfaction that these two players have been able to win the medals despite the difficulties they faced due to the lack of iban that bag kilan body.
However, at this time, we have seen signs of the formation of a new regional political party “Voice of the People Party” by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit which means to launch the MLA election in
They demanded that the DMHO should provide for the basic needs of the hospital and build basic buildings and provide medicines for the people.
I am grateful to the Speaker of the House for giving me this opportunity,” Yeddyurappa said in the Karnataka Assembly after seeing that the BJP could not form a government on its own in the Karnataka Assembly. .
The semi final of the 1st Division will be played between Phanniewlahrum SC and Umkaber SC at 2 pm today.
This is nothing new.
Hands should be washed in running water with soap.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, stressed on the partnership between NIFT and the garment manufacturers of the State.
Russia has made every effort to strengthen relations with China either economically, politically and even in terms of military institutions of both countries as well as by arranging for The two countries have been working together to train their troops despite the war against Ukraine at this time.
Thomas strongly condemned the government for not taking any responsibility for the shooting death of five precious lives by the Assam police.
He said that through the SVEEP Programme, the youth have been shown and understood how the elections work through the VVPAT and the transparency of these voting machines.
“In the last election, there were polling stations which did not vote for Bah Gigur but Bah Gigur after winning as MLA did not discriminate against such villages but came to look for schemes for them. “If Bah Gigur wants to divide the nation or take advantage of the political situation, he will not invest in such areas,” said Conrad.
The post was also held by former Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh who lost the election to Hamlet Dohling.
He said that the athletes should avoid bad habits like drugs, alcohol and cigarettes, because no matter how talented they are, those who have fallen into these bad habits will not succeed. sha you thong.
In the first half, both the teams played hard, Umphrup Sports Club won the first half and scored two goals. came in the 6th and 6th minutes through players wearing the 28th and 39th jersey caps.
It is often heard from the older women, who have been selling jain for many years on the Motphran Bridge and who have taken over this job from their ancestors, that they used to say that they They have been selling for many years and this bridge has been their source of income.
PMMY looks into the financial needs of new entrepreneurs and farmers, through various steps under the scheme.
At 1 pm, a procession started from Parish Square and passed through Dukhu-Dong Lumshor, Iawmusiang and returned to Parish Square.
And indeed, these houses have been built but nothing has been used yet even though these houses have been fenced.
This order shall come into force as such and shall remain in force until further notice.
We see that Khanduli-Psiar falls under the second phase of the talks to be held in January.
If the disease is severe, radiotherapy may be used.
“When the students have to fight, should we blame them or whom should we blame? Who organized this Mela? Until now we don't know and when we know that the Mela was held by foreigners and we don't know from which state,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister said, “Through the Northeast Food Show, we have opened the door for our own entrepreneurs and farmers from the state and the North East to run market their goods abroad.
The Minister said that they have decided that the operation of the hospital is urgently needed, and the engineering wing has been directed to prepare a project related to this. section.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, S Jaishankar, said that these vessels carried emergency items such as food, medicines, essential medicines, water pumps, portable generators, clothes. nep and many others.
Neena Gupta has expressed her gratitude to the women of today for being able to wear beautiful gowns to any festival because in her time there were no gowns to wear beautiful gowns. beautiful as this age is.
The report was submitted by the Justice to the Court on 9th January
If we don't file a complaint, the Lok Ayukta will not need to do anything.
This road has been under construction for more than a year.
After the war, Darwin D. Pugh moved to Gauhati in
I am pleased to inform you that in a historic incident, the HNLC has expressed its readiness to come to the negotiating table without any restrictions and in accordance with the Constitution of India. .
“We will think about it and discuss it first,” said Kong Kharkongor.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Two youths have drowned and two others survived when the incident happened this evening, while these four youths were walking and using the toilet at Jingkieng. Two of the deceased were identified as Pynkhraw Lyngdoh, 16, and Balatei Marbaniang, 20; Both of them are from Riat Laban, while two of their friends have not been named at the time of writing.
However, instead of working together on this issue, we find those who protect the corrupt just because they are “para Khasi.
Among them, 2 students have been awarded the title of Seinraij Topper. They are Mayanka Pde from Salini Mihmyntdu who is studying at Jowai Govt.
AAY will be distributed 1 kg per card per month for those who have AAY Ration Card. PHH will be distributed for 1 kg per card per month for those who have PHH Ration Card. The public is requested to immediately lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District if they find that the dealers do not provide according to the kilos they should have received or ask for money. They shall not be punished according to the laws of the Government.
Women from children to women in beautiful dresses came to Iawmusiang to greet each other.
The District Council was established in 1952 through the Sixth Schedule.
The VPP leader recalled that after the Mukroh incident, Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma went to Delhi and met the Home Minister on 24th November, 2022 to demand a CBI inquiry. on the shooting of people from Mukroh by the Assam government.
Nongpoh, Naitung 09: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM), Ri-Bhoi district, today visited several health centers in the eastern part of Ri-Bhoi district, after receiving complaints. from the people of this area.
If Amit Shah is brave, he should send the ED to investigate the politicians involved in the MDA government”.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) and former MDC of Nongkrem, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the NPP leader and former MDC Don. Sumer on charges of corruption against him during his tenure as CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Daw alleged on his Facebook account that Archbishop Dominic Jala is not just pure and clean and these are writings that affect the integrity of the Archbishop.
The question may also arise how far the ILP can work in this neo-liberal era? There is a saying that Shillong is the largest Dkhar village and the conflict stems from the feeling I'm afraid I'll be overwhelmed by the paid “Dkhars”.
Dr Laloo said that the deficit teachers and school teachers have been paid the same salary as the government employees.
The RBYF leaders today said that the removal of these two members of the RBYF is because they have never been able to cooperate with the RBYF in many areas. They are also willing to oppose when there are any issues that the party stands for the country and the nation.
Three deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills, 03 from South West Khasi Hills and 1 from East Jaintia Hills.
The Government should not take this as an opportunity to delay.
“I hope this decision of mine is in the best interest of the UDP Party and I invite all my supporters to support Winning Sungoh as the UDP candidate,” said Eleazer Christopher Dkhar. The MDA cannot say that the UDP party is Rongser, without the UDP the MDA Government cannot be formed”.
On the other hand, the KSU wants to know what is behind the word “Panchayat” instead of “Dorbar Shnong”.
Thus, Meghalaya, which was famous for its education, is now famous for the dropout of children.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate Samlin Malngiang from Sohiong constituency said that he has lost his sleep because he loves the people of Sohiong.
Khliehriat, July 17: The District Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement, has announced the launch of the Special Immunization Campaign in East Jaintia Hills District.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 18: The load shedding has affected not only the urban residents, but also the rural residents, said the leaders of the two organizations, the West Khasi Students. Union bad Western Youth Federation.
Shillong: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BOU) has decided to hold a 7 kilometer marathon under the theme “Run for Environment – ​​Run for a Cause ".
As a religious man, Don Bosco had a desire to become a missionary. After taking his oath, he chose to study priesthood in Belgium in the province of North Belgium, Amsterdam Province. from 2013 to 2017 to complete his studies in Theology at the Johns 23rd Seminary Leuven-Belgium.
If you look at the programme, everyone is wearing the BJP jacket but I am the only one who doesn't wear it.
This is the case after you have received your complaint from the paid Karbi.
Bah Vincent H. Pala, MP will be the Chief Guest at the opening ceremony and Bah Metbah Lyndoh, MLA and Minister of State will be the Chief Guest at the closing ceremony.
Nongpoh, July 27: The All Ri Bhoi Government Contractors and Suppliers Association (AAPA) today announced that Dhar Construction Private Limited (DRA) has been appointed as one of the companies in the state. I would like to express my sincere gratitude and appreciation to the Company for the great work done by this Company to bring about this change in Ri Bhoi District.
Bachan Pale scored both goals in the 51st minute and the second goal. before half-time in 90 minutes.
There is an understanding by many that the bondage of ignorance is due to the poverty of the people of the world.
The party would like to extend its congratulations to all the families of its members, especially those families who lost their children in the fighting.
This is because of the powerful work of sin.
What could happen in the Khadar rule is if the BJP can win more than two candidates as it did last time.
Mitchel Wankhar holds Town Committee, Land and Natural Resources, Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong holds Taxation and Information and Technology, Rangkynsai Kharbuki holds Youth Affairs, Water. Jambor War is in charge of Marketing and Fisheries.
The statement said the first email was sent on June 1, 2022, then on June 7, among others sent later.
BTS, which announced last year to temporarily stop producing music, is a group that has attracted many young people with their singing and at the same time dancing skills.
These are the questions that the BJP Nongstoiñ wants the BJP to approve in the manifesto of the State Party.
Furthermore, EF Schuchmacher (Small is beautiful, 1973) concludes, everyone thinks only of themselves.
At the same time, the EC also sent its congratulations to the Mawthadraishan and Sohiong HSPDP Area Units for winning the mid-term elections to the KHADC.
We have to explain that boundary.
We will study it carefully after the rules are drafted," he said.
They should also be open to suggestions from the community, and work towards an equal society for all”.
Earlier, Jesus recalled the parable of the fig tree, which says, “When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is near” (Matthew 24:32).
The total number of recoveries has risen to
As India is preparing to celebrate its Independence Day on the 15th of this month, the BSF has stepped up its border patrols to curb crime and illegal trafficking at the border. India and Bangladesh.
When Mawphor spoke to these two refugees at the Civil Hospital, Shillong, they said that although the police at the hospital did not help them, they said that they were not able to help them. but let them not flee.
In another match, Rymbai Shkenshynriah Sports Club beat Rymbai Iawpynsing Sports Club 2-0
“There have been many that have been implemented and there are still those that have not been implemented on time and now we are preparing to implement everything especially in terms of technology,” he said.
Psalms 2:1- Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine vain things? 2 : 2 – The kings of the earth rise up, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD. 2:3 – Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us.
The NPP through Conrad Sangma MP from Tura, has said that it will take the report along with the documents on the corruption to the central government and it will not end only in the state as the state government has bought the corruption. sugar to be distributed to the public at a price above the market price.
From Dawki, Mawlynnong, Shilliang Jashar to Mawryngkhang in Wahkhen are some of the most beautiful places in their uniqueness for tourists.
At the same time, he said that it is his duty as the father of the constituency to fight for the residents of the area (Them Ïew Mawlong) on ​​the human rights by urging the eviction of the they from the area because there is a safety hazard in addition to the terrible congestion.
It was also when their parents understood that there was no bloodshed and no slightest obstacle that could hinder the marriage of their children. They are allowed to go and come freely, with strong advice and prayer that their children will not fall and fall, in their marriage. it shall be victorious, pleasing to God.
Speaking to one of the farmers in the area, Kong Silabon Swangre, one of the women who lives in the area, she said that this soh in the ground floor of her house. It is true, because it was also seen that these seeds were growing on the tree in the house of this woman.
On the other hand, he said that there is no intention to hold a dorbar tlang at this time.
Insulin in the body is important for health.
“If there are no more Mawlai people, our people will be in great danger,” said Bah Kharbani.
“Ka Seng demands that if the Government wants to increase its revenue collection so that it can carry out development works in the State, it should take other measures rather than by holding a Your state is like a Khalai place.
In the Under-15 category, the winners received a cash prize of T.5000, while the runners-up received T.3000.
“I don't agree that the BJP has risen rapidly in Garo Hills, the Congress will win the 2018 elections from Garo Hills,” said Zenith Sangma.
According to Frederick, the meeting also discussed the use of EVMs, VVPATs and other important issues.
CM Conrad Sangma is in fourth position with assets of Rs 14 crore while debts of Rs 24 lakh.
However, she lodged a complaint on the 3rd at Umkiang Police Station but the police did not arrest the suspect and did not send him for a medical examination according to the law. I don't have a place to do a medical examination.
TDCA-B, which had 158 runs left in the second innings, managed to score only 81 runs for the loss of all wickets.
The girls of this group include her.
According to the findings of the JAC, there was no dumping of waste from these factories into the rivers or wells, but the coal was dumped in the fireplace where there were factories that had not been built. These factories are still small compared to other factories. They have also installed pollution control devices to prevent the pollution of the smoke. There is only one factory in the State.
He said it is necessary to include the word 'Ancestral' in the new Act because if there is no such word but only 'Self Acquired', the inheritance will go to the youngest child.
However, this is not the end as there are still some areas that have not been surveyed.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang Jowai as part of expressing its gratitude and recognition to the frontline workers in the fight against COVID-19, has donated foodgrains on Saturday.
The exemption from the implementation of the MUDA Building Bye-Laws was taken under Sub-Section (2) of the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act 1973, which states, “The Act shall apply to all The state and district council areas only if they wish to adopt this Act,” the government said in a statement.
The existence of this Act has already become one of the rules prohibiting foreigners from complying with the rules laid down by the District Council as the District Council is empowered by the Constitution of the State. in India.
It has a large ethnic population along with differences in language, culture, as well as religious practices.
The meeting started at 10 pm and ended at 7 pm. During the meeting, there was a discussion between the five MLAs, DC Ri. Bhoi, Doctors and officers from various government departments.
You don't even have a phone, I've done it for you,” said the mother with a smile on her face.
He also spoke about the G20 Presidency of India and said that the meetings under this scheme will bring people from all over the country. world to the Northeast.
The program will be divided into four categories, U-14 (born between 16-10-2009 to 15-10-2011), U-16 (born between 16-10-2011). 2007 to 15-10-2009), U-18 (born between 16-10-2005 to 15-10-2007) and U-20 (born between 16-10-2003 to 15-10 -2005).
He said that the Khasi people are unique in having these lands and they are like the Raid, Kur and Nongkynti.
“You shall keep it holy” Exodus 20:8
Rangbah RL Kharpran immediately spoke on the need to establish the Kur organizations in the south of Ri Khasi and to strengthen the Longkur Longkha.
Regarding the incident, Kumar Thapa, Branch Manager Meghalaya Rural Bank, expressed his deep sorrow over the incident and said that this is the first time. , that the public shall experience such gratitude to the employees recognized by the Bank.
Shillong, November 1: “Does a Khasi need a Permanent Residential Certificate?” has been asked by Bah MF Ryngkhai, President of the Federal Council of War Mihngi and War Jaintia.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donlang Nongbri said that the speech made at the public meeting in Motphran was only a warning and not that they did so. They said that they cannot see that the people of Mukroh village will lose their lives in the hands of the police.
Of these 78, 54 have died this month alone.
This man of sin is the son of destruction who fights and exalts himself against all and calls himself God and worships – until he sits in the Temple of God in Jerusalem, pretending to be God. Thessalonians 2:4.
Shillong, June 3: Two police chiefs of the state have been suspended, one for assaulting a girl and another for shooting a man.
However, the completion will be until November,” said Bah Syiemlieh.
Franklin Roy Syiemiong, General Secretary, KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit, was the chief guest.
The Dorbar Shnong urges all the residents to cooperate with the village and will try as soon as possible to complete the cleanliness drive.
Shillong: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Convener of the Revolution for the Defense of the Country, on the occasion of the swearing-in ceremony, urged the people not to hesitate and give. full support for the revolution that will fight and stand forward for the great cause of the nations.
He said that only two months ago, some political parties especially the HSPDP through their manifestos, wrote clearly that if they come to power they will renew the reservation policy. He said that the reservation policy is like a lock in the hands of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma. Bah Ardent tried to renew it, but the 31 Khasi MLAs refused.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: U Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday slammed the government while speaking at the awarding ceremony for the students in Ri-Bhoi. Youth in the state especially to build schools to keep pace with the present era where everyone is struggling to get adequate education, as the party has always suggested and demanded to build schools. but the government has been silent and has introduced the law to create and set up a vacant camp in Ri-Bhoi.
Gavin brought this to the House on the fourth day of the session through a Zero Hour notice.
(NHIDCL), the Government of Meghalaya and from the villages.
Prohibitions include: Avoid sharing personal belongings.
“If the Congress party suspends me, I will continue to be the CEM of KHADC when I get the majority of MDCs,” he said.
He said that the Meghalaya government should take strict action against this and immediately arrest the police who shot dead the Khasi and should imprison them in Meghalaya jails.
Shillong, July 20: UDP Chief Adviser Bindo M. Lanong on Tuesday questioned the decision of the State Government to shut down the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL). in the city of Sohra.
EPICs were distributed to the new voters, the Voters Pledge was read out under the leadership of FM War, ASE. 21- Amlarem A and Jacinthson Passah, 23- Pdengkarong, for their hard work.
The poverty of the poor is due to the spread of the disease.
People in these areas have left their homes to escape any tragic incident.
However, she did not say anything on the issue of Garoland.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The meeting was conducted by Bah DL Siangshai Editor Mawphor as the Chairman and was also attended by the President of the School Managing Committee, Bah SKM Marweiñ, Bah J Thabah, Executive. Editor of Highland Post, NP Marweiñ, Publisher of Mawphor, Head Mistress of Mari Bon Marweiñ Secondary School, Dr A. Diengdoh, Rangbah Shnongs of Lad Umpih, Lum Umpih and Umïarong. teachers and students of the school, who expressed their happiness to have such a sports tournament besides the education at the school.
Where and how to eat, drink, how to dress, how to live, they depend only on the mercy of the countries that sympathize with them.
Those present on the occasion included the Principal Secretary to the Minister of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, the Principal Secretary to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Prestone Tynsong, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh and others.
Replying, Prestone, who explained about the incident on 5th June, 2023 at 10.20 pm, said that a complaint against an unidentified BSF soldier has been lodged. The victim was identified as Riverskhem Nongkynrih at Pynursla Police Station.
:The Khasi song, “Nyngkong ki ngi”, is a song released on the 16th June 2023 and is a song sung in Pnar or Jaintia.
Ishanou, a Manipuri film directed by Aribam Syam Sharma, will also be released at the festival.
The agenda of the Modi government is to ensure that no one is left behind.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Restless Desire has been the winner of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MAIDS) Competition held at Madan Laban on Saturday.
Furthermore, we are confident that this cleanliness should not be done only once a day but should be done more often to see the fruits of the cleanliness.
The Congress party in the state has been in turmoil over the defeat of Dikanchi D Shira in the mid-term MP elections to Conrad K Sangma in all constituencies except Ampati of Dr. Mukul constituency.
Shillong, July 02: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) on Thursday vowed to file a petition in the Meghalaya High Court against the order of the Deputy Commissioner. (DC) of East Khasi Hills on odd and even numbers.
Only the water was still thnam and those little children were surprised.
Shillong, March 8: The construction of the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) in Sohra will start this year, said the Minister of Labour, Ampareen Lyngdoh.
He also said that it is important to have the right environment for judges, lawyers and petitioners to ensure that there is speed in the delivery of justice.
Truck drivers burnt tires and threw stones on the road on Thursday evening.
Two mobile phones and T.4,700 cash were also recovered from the body.
If they cannot bring us back to Meghalaya, Conrad should not sign the MOU.
Ms Ampareen said that the Khasi language is one of the 38 ethnic languages ​​which is awaiting recognition by being included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, and the Government of India should not refuse to do so. this mat.
“In my opinion, I feel that Bah Nongrum is misleading the people and the reasons are only he knows. The judge said that the order of the court passed in the WP ( C) No.363 of 2014 does not contain any order with any external purpose, the judge does not have any race, religion, language or personal interests but his goal is only to give justice and to ensure that the rule of law is in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
Looking at their own doors, the villagers here say that Bah Lutphar Dkhar will win because he has received the support of the President of the UDP. Holiwell Khongstid, MLA of Pynursla Constituency.
New Delhi: The BJP has refused to continue working with the AIADMK in Tamil Nadu. The party has also made it clear that the talks for the elections will be held at another time.
The remains of two children, who died in the landslide on the morning of 17th July at Dommawleiñ Pyndengrei, were buried today at the 19th July at Dommawleiñ Pyndengrei. Before the burial of the body of Cafinia Nongsiej, who is also a member of the Kid's Tarari Choir, and her sister Maianylla Nongsiej, many of them witnessed the funeral. People have flocked to Mawlangniang village despite the natural disaster to pay their last respects and condolences to these children.
The group also expressed its concern over the introduction of the Assam Healing (Prevention of Evil Practice) Bill 2024 by the Assam Government to ban the practice of witchcraft. in the name of healing to be healed by those who believe in this healing.
Those who 'pukir' all night after night together playing not only the music but also the sound of the car.
Labang-Nongphyllut is one of the Dolloiships and is the land of the 12 Dolloi under the Syiem of Jaintiapur and is the right of Jaintia Hills.
“In the journey there are parts that are right and there are parts that are wrong and we have to leave for a while even though the soul of the HSPDP party and after the MLA elections, it has thought. “I don't want to return to this party, which we have been a longdoh longsnam and after meeting with the workers, we have decided to join again,” said Bah LG Nongsiej.
In addition, they were taught how to make fertilizer from pig or chicken eggs in a method called Bokashi.
Lapalang is one of the 11 villages outside the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) which has been approved to transport garbage by municipal vehicle.
The churches that took part in the choir were the Youth Choir of Thadlaboh Church, Umsaw Khwan Church, Mairang Church, Standing Choir of KJP Western Synod, Standing Choir of KJP Eastern Synod and Mustem Youth Choir.
“I asked myself whether I am sitting to protect myself or the people, and in the end the soul says decide for the country, when you decide the country happens as it happens, when you decide the country, no matter if you are killed. MLA name too,” he said.
Daiairi Nongrem has received 10th grade in Commerce Stream and also received distinction in all subjects. The highest marks in two subjects, English and Alternative English.
He urged the farmers in East Jaintia Hills to take advantage of this training so that they can improve their farming.
Jowai, Nailur 06: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia Circle has expressed its gratitude to the PWD (Roads) department for taking the initiative. Speed ​​breakers have been installed on the NH 40 (E) at Lad Japlem and Amlatdoh Amlarem.
Ltd has been operating under a License which expired on October 31, 2014.
The employees of the JHADC under the banner of the JHADC-Staff Association have started holding a flag to protest against the lack of salary for the past five months.
He said that the government is working with a strong mind to provide employment opportunities to women.
The people have lost their livelihoods, can no longer earn money, the market has been closed and thousands of families have suffered great hardships.
“The use of women, as a plaything, is completely unacceptable, at all.
Furthermore, Bah Lyngdoh said that the support of the people is still changing even 10 months before the polling day.
Shillong: Police have arrested two persons identified as Vanlalmawia, 25, and Rebecca Hmar, 35, from Shillong on the 3rd of this month at 7 pm. Madanrting-Block -F, Shillong.
Speaking to media, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Chairman of the group, said that from the very beginning, the group has demanded a fair trial for Cheristerfield Thangkhiew and punishment for those involved. to shoot him dead, the group still stands on this basis to this day.
Pastor Samson Bhagel, one of the seriously injured in the incident, has been in charge of 13 churches in Bastar district for the past 11 years.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Income Tax Officer, Kong WP Syiem, said that the Income Tax Department has not sent taxes to the Khasi rich but has asked for answers from them because many of them have not. thep pisa up to thousands per month.
Before proceeding to the second phase of the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, the Union of Border Area Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung has expressed its dissatisfaction with the setting up of a Border Outpost at Tyrso. and Thadrang by pointing out that they are too far away from the villages.
From Rilang to Kupli, everything is ours.
Shillong, Nailur 28 (PIB): The Cabinet has approved to continue the Prime Minister's Poor Welfare Anna Yojana (PMGKAY-Part VII) or the distribution of ration to the poor for another three months from April to November. , 2022.
For Under-14, children must have been born before or after 1st July
The committee fined the Portuguese star 10,000 rials ($2,666) to the Saudi Football Federation and 20,000 rials to al-Shabab.
The VPP also said that a special thank you goes to those differently-abled persons across the Khasi Hills who have given their support.
Also present at the distribution ceremony were MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang as the Chief Guest, Dr. Manjunatha C, Secretary, GHP Raju, officer of AH and Veterinary Department, Rangbah Shnong of Mawsynram, elders, parents and youth.
Shillong, Lber 9: The ruling All Regional Party Alliance (ARPA) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), which includes all the UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM, may dissolve only after the MP elections. The decision whether the ARPA will stand or fall will come only after the Lok Sabha MP elections.
Under the UCC, laws relating to marriage, divorce, inheritance, adoption and others will be amended.
These days, there are many obstacles for Haryana government officials as well as BJP and JJP officials in their visits to various programmes.
The government may also consider an additional temporary jail,” the court said.
The High Court said that other measures need to be taken to reduce the congestion of the roads whether it is the construction of roads or parking lots or to make the roads one-way or others. even.
The factory is located in Wuhan and is named Wuhan-4
However, Shadap had many chances, but in the end Parlad won by scoring many points.
TUR and WPM have also sent to the Labor Department a letter written by the Central Govt to the States urging them to register their labor immediately so that they can get support.
From the start of the match, both teams managed to score, but it was in the 42nd minute that Morocco won. Youssef En-Nesyri scored the first goal of the tournament for the team and the fans.
The video does not show his face, but shows him sitting on a fighter jet, with his face hidden in a mask and an air mask.
The KSU Khanduli-Umshangiar has expressed its deep sorrow over the damage to buildings from government schemes and urged the state government to take action to discuss so that the people living on the border will not lose the benefits of government schemes.
These workers were also supported by the Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) under the leadership of its President, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang.
The last days of our lives are now in God's timing.
Shillong, March 22: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has launched its election campaign by holding meetings in 55 Mandal Committees.
Dr Basudev Pandey, Director of Epidemiology, Ministry of Health, said that 90 percent of the workers are foreign workers and most of them are from India. patients, did not show any signs of the disease.
Sutnga SSCC beat Thangskai Tigers 2-1
The construction of these hotels will boost the tourism industry in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was held at the 3rd Ground MFA on Tuesday between Lamlynti SC and Mawpdang SC. Mawpdang SC won the first leg 2-1
On the other hand, the union expresses its regret especially to the foreigners who come from the rural areas far from their villages, who have had to wait for the time to complete their work on time, but thousands or they leave empty-handed, because they have to drive at the right time because they don't get a car from their villages for a long time.
Aiban Dewkhaid, 45, of Kenbah Malai village has died at Dhoi river in Kenbah Malai constituency.
The Priority Household (PHH) rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kg per capita at the price of Rs.3/- per kg for urban and rural areas.
He said that another mistake in introducing the new rule that women who marry non-Khasis shall not be considered Khasi is because they have not removed the old rule which says that if a woman marries a non-Khasi, A Khasi woman marries a non-Khasi and if she gives birth her children will be Khasi.
The deterioration of this road is due to the stinginess and negligence of the government even after many times the union has informed the people of the area about this.
Rang Dajeed SC, which has 28 points, has now clinched second place while Langsning SC, which has 25 points, will have to beat Mawlai SC if they want to. to reach that position again in the final fight on Wednesday.
Referring to the issue that can be achieved in the future after the formation of the government, it is something that everyone wants to know as soon as possible.
In the Under-17 category, North Liberty HSS beat Riwar Jaintia SS 5-0
Jowai, Nailur 12: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) on Tuesday urged the relatives of Marsanki Tariang to take the body of Marsanki Tariang. , from Priang village.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 1: The Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (BDO) Nongstoiñ, Nongstoiñ, is inviting applications from The Block Resource Person (BRP) will be responsible for the implementation of services through Social Inclusion and Social Development in the villages within the Nongstoiñ Block.
The incident happened near the Assam border which is a frequent hunting ground for wild boars.
Even the United States, Israel's closest ally, has been involved in conflicts because of fear of other countries.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The MLCU and the KJP Assembly have been involved in a dispute over the debt of T.90 lakh. because of the news about the Martin Luther Christian University and the KJP Assembly.
Today, the celebration of the poet is on the 18th December, the day of his death (18th December, 1940).
Shillong, March 13: Six MLAs have confirmed to join the National People's Party (NPP) ahead of next year's elections in the state.
Four matches will be played at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium today, the first match will start at 1:10 pm between Nongmynsong SC. Then the second match will be played between Pomlakrai SC and Mawryngkneng SC at 3 pm. The first two matches will be played at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf, Polo. PFR FA vs Nongkseh SC at 1:10 pm followed by Umpling SC vs Mylliem Lum SC at 3 pm. Khliehriat March 12: As elsewhere in the state , East Jaintia Hills District has also conducted a mock exercise at many places. The purpose of this mock exercise is to educate the public on how to provide assistance in the event of an earthquake. The program was organized by the Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MSDMA) in collaboration with the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA). India, the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), East Jaintia Hills District.
The article said that now Nepali men have married Khasi women and have gained their livelihood and the day will come when they will get it all and turn their Khasi race into a Khasi race. Nepali.
All the residents of the village are strongly warned not to send their friends, relatives or neighbors to visit them during this time of Covid-1 house to another and if found guilty of violating this will be handed over to the law enforcement authorities.
Speaking to media after the complaint, the union said that many of the people have said that the plaintiff has the right to speak according to the Constitution of India. .
The six candidates who have been confirmed to contest the 2023 election from Umsning Constituency include Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh of the Congress (INC), Jason S. Mawlong of the NPP, Sunshine Makri of the NPP. Primson Makdoh of the HSPDP, Donlang Sohkhlet of the PDF and Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon of the VPP, one of the newest parties in Meghalaya.
This is because from the authority of the District Council to the villagers, religious organizations and those who should take part in this area are not fully understood and the rules are incorrect. implemented in this section.
“Modi paid tribute to Shaheed Udham Singh and all the other heroes who sacrificed their lives for the sake of their country.
“Since I handed over to the law, it has stopped spreading false news on whatapp and facebook.
Arkini Chyrmang scored the goals in the 21st minute and Bandaia Ryngki in the 54th minute.
Now we are talking about the third temple.
The following are the ways : Avoid drinking alcohol every day and smoke cigarettes. If you are among those who smoke cigarettes who are at risk of high blood pressure, avoid smoking when others smoke cigarettes. Because this also affects your health, choose healthy and clean foods that can protect and control blood pressure and you need to exercise every day.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who is also the MLA and MDC of Nongkrem, today said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown. He said that the complaint against the MLAs and MDCs who eat ar maloi is just someone's fear of the new EC led by the HSPDP and working with the ethnic parties under the banner of All Regional. Alliance Party ( ARPA).
Alok Verma and Rakesh Asthana, Deputy Directors, were suspended in March 2018 due to a dispute between the two in the office.
Besides, at 5 pm after the football final, there will be a song by DJ.Ban Shan and DJ.Spread Base.
The accusation and criticism is only to cover up one's own iwtung and to throw one's hand.
Robertjune said there have been allegations from others, which have been alleged without being proven, such as the allegation that as churches have failed, many organizations have misled but they have not. cannot be proved and only shout and shout in the streets.
Other shops allowed to open : These shops allowed to open in the village are jhur shops, soh shops and kwai and tympew shops, dohkha shops, dohsniang, dohsyiar, pylleng, ktung, shops die marbam mardi (grocery shops).
Therefore, through this petition submitted to the Minister of Revenue, the UDP Ri-Bhoi District has strongly requested the Minister and the State Government to take action on these issues faced by the Khasi people. Block II and especially to stop the tax collection gates set up by Assam, which has been handed over to the Nepalis which is one of the biggest problems faced by the farmers in the area. The meeting was attended by UDP President Donbok Khymdeit and UDP General Secretary Raynald Kharkamni.
In terms of all aspects of society, our Jaidynriew has been affected in many ways by the authorities whether it is in the trade, market or family.
One task is to remove the water that the plant absorbs through its roots in the soil.
As a large political party that should work for all the citizens of India, it is often questioned as a political party because it has the Hindu or Hindutva identity.
He said that after the investigation, the owners of the land where the coal was found, will be investigated and they will reveal who owns the coal and where the coal came from.
He said he had learned that the government has already called a tender for the construction of the road from Nongstoiñ Rambrai to Kyrshai, but he learned that the construction is only 37 kilometers while the length of the road from Nongstoiñ to Kyrshai is only 37 kilometers. Kyrshai is about 70 kilometers away.
Others who attended the ceremony were MDC Jansing Tynsong, Parliamentary Secretary Celestine Lyngdoh, Justin Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong of Urksew-Wahpathaw, AS Lyngdoh. leaders of the North East, government officials and other dignitaries.
The shortage of electricity has increased after the rainfall that was supposed to come did not come, as the state has experienced drought since October until the last few days of July. .
It is understood that if the talks do not go well with these protesters, the government will impose martial law.
The scheme will apply to shopkeepers in urban as well as rural areas.
“Therefore, from this political situation, I see that the NPP will win half of the MLAs in the state and we are confident that we will achieve this,” he said.
Shillong, July 10: The IBSWO will hold a public meeting at Madan Tirot, Mission Mairang on Friday, June 13, 2013 from 10:30 am to discuss the issue of The Government of Assam has protested against the proposal to dam the Wah Khri River.
It was immediately after the formation of the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP that it started to harass and persecute non-Government teachers who are not allowed to take part in politics up to the posts of Sordar and Rangbah Shnong. also the same.
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : The Meghalaya High Court today dismissed the PIL on the Roster System after the government decided to implement the Roster System according to the Reservation Policy. , but in terms of the suspension of recruitment, this will continue within the state.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that the government will set up more gates to register and screen for foreign nationals. The new gate will be operational from 15th June
The tournament will be held at Lama Villa Community Hall at 10:30 pm and will be opened by Bah S. Swett (MSOA) as the chief guest along with Bah A, Marbaniang, Assistant Rangbah Shnong. Lama Villa as the chief guest.
Amino acids or tyrosine increase the production of hormones in the body, and empower the brain to think.
The workshop was conducted by Bah Tyllinglang Myrthong.
Shillong: The State Government will soon hand over the Fish Market to Saiden Village, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District this month.
At the same time, no alcoholic beverages or illegal activities will be allowed inside vehicles.
He said that the issuance of trading license will be in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule and the District Council should send a thorough investigation and if they are foreigners who have stayed in this country for decades. The District Councils of the State who are entitled to renew their trading licenses shall issue them.
In the midst of working hard for the welfare of the Jaidbynriew, we find and see that many of the issues raised are and are only far-fetched. They shall bring forward issues relating to the Rights, Customs, Religions and Customs and others which have emerged from the new human rights of the Khun Khasi Khara Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Life Members of IRCS, Jowai Branch, to explain to the public on the precautionary measures visited 16 villages in the district on the 24th and 25th of this month to explain the precautionary measures to prevent the spread of COVID-1 , which spreads from one person to another by sneezing, sneezing and sneezing.
CC.The No-Entry Point to the Hima Mylliem Office will be “NO-Entry Point”.
The FKJGP leader said that the demand for the repeal of the AFSPA has been going on for a long time and now it is time for the Government of India to immediately repeal it from the entire North East.
If 3000 km of roads should be cleaned in the rural areas, who will benefit, whose connectivity has reached the remote villages of the State and if T.14000 crore has been spent on the MGNREGS scheme, who “The beneficiaries, footpaths, village councils, schools, sports grounds, all these are from the MGNREGS scheme in the villages, who benefits, it is the villagers who benefit,” he added. .
He said that the Dorbar Bah will be held in the last month of November or the first month of April this year.
India have selected 23 players for the tournament including Aditi Chauhan, Linthoingambi Devi, Shreya Hooda, Dalima Chhibber, Sweety Devi, Ritu Rani, Ashalata Devi and Ranjana. Chanu, Manisa Panna, Arifa Sayed, Anju Tamang, Karthika Angamuthu, Ratanbala Devi, Priyangka Devi, Martina Thokchom, Santosh, Apurna Narzary, Grace Dangmei, Soumya Guguloth, Manisha, Pyari Thank you, Renu and Love Marandi.
“I see that there is a political party demanding to convene a special session, in fact this is not necessary for policy, because to convene a special session is only necessary when the government intends to amend the acts. not policies," he added.
The Israeli government has approved 200 Bnei Menshe to lead this year, 400 in 2014 and 300 in
In the last election, there were 369 candidates contesting and these include 333 men and 36 women.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has dismissed the Superintendent of Police (SP) of North Garo Hills, Bruno A. Sangma.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 39 cases, 11 cases in Amkoi Cluster, 11 cases in Mynso Cluster, 19 cases in West Khasi Hills, 7 cases in Pyndengrei Cluster and others.
How will you respond to the MDC election in March 2024? Many UDP supporters from various units have expressed their dissatisfaction that they have been insulted by their leaders.
Why do our children live more abroad than in their own state, or why do they have easy access to education? The main reason is that we don't have a system or proper planning anywhere.
He was speaking after swearing in five CEC office bearers of the party as the chief guest at a program held at the Indoor Sport Hall, Mawlai Datbaki on Saturday.
“We allowed them to give birth to the child and they said that my wife gave birth to a dead child.
At the same time, he said that it is surprising that in the area from Kampholduli to Langpih there is not a single Assamese resident, except Garo, Khasi and Nepali.
It is said that those soldiers who do not want to go to the battlefield, the Russian authorities throw these soldiers inside the holes dug to set along those who violate the law and these soldiers. The prisoners were called 'Zindans'
Only if an emergency has been declared in India or any state can the government authorities suspend the fundamental rights of the citizens.
“Besides, he said that the victory of any leader depends on the work and understanding of the leaders as they have a role on that day.
Police have arrested 12 persons including 6 women and 6 men on charges of involvement in the incident ha Smit. the arrest of the crowd on the charge of menshohnoh.
Although the area has been fenced from all sides, until November this year, there has been no restriction on the entry and exit of the area, where people especially children can enter and leave freely. place.
The nation that is not paid shall be honored by the nation that is not paid.
Sylvester Siangshai is also a police officer of the 3rd MLP Battalion.
“It is regrettable that some leaders have raised issues especially when the people have received development projects.
On the other hand, Jirang MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that the main purpose of the Jirang MLA to award honors to the students who have passed well in the SSLC examination is to encourage them. students and to improve education in the area as the number of students in the area is not low compared to other constituencies.
“Who is the head of the Police Department, I have to ask you this question? Speaking at the Common Platform held by the Dorbar Shnong Wahingdoh for the candidates contesting the election from North Shillong constituency, Bah Kharkrang said.
Any person who marries a foreigner shall not be entitled to inherit the property of the ancestors except her daughters and if she has no daughters, her brothers and sisters shall inherit.
One or two trucks, soon it has become a daily routine to 20-30 and there are also days when 50-60 trucks pass.
On the other hand, the ABVP Jowai wishes these 56 students all the best in their higher education to become the future of the country and the nation. I encourage these students in their bright future.
“Mumbai Police, with a sticker, which color, I will put on my car, so that I can leave to go to my girlfriend's house.
The final match of Group-A will be played on Thursday between PFR Football Academy and Laitkor SC at 2:30 pm.
To Fr (Dr.) Denis Lalfela, Director, Don Bosco Center for Indigenous Cultures (DBCIC), Atul Nikam, State Director, NYKS Meghalaya, Sayyad Ali, State Director(I/C), NYKS, Assam, Gopajit Das, Media & Communication Officer, PIB Shillong, Sneha Shaw, ASO, Deputy Director, NYK Shillong, also participated in the Clean India programme.
In the first leg, Iatyllilang FC Wapung beat Jalapang FC Wahiajer 7-6 in the first leg.
About 13 people have been suspected to have been trapped alive in a coal mine after a 300 meter high coal mine suddenly flooded while they were entering to mine coal at Ksan in Lumthari village, East Jaintia. Hills on the 13th of this month.
Those who come from Jowai, East & West Jaintia Hills, can apply at CHC Ummulong.
“As in the time of Jesus those who needed healing from him said, if you want you can heal and Jesus replied that he wants to heal us too the employees under the umbrella of MePWU we say to the government if you have “You can and you have the power to achieve what we demand,” he said.
The church in Pergamum celebrated marriage.
The chief guest, Synran Najiar, was eager to take the role of Het Rande as a real person who lived in that ancient time in the ancient environment.
The Deputy Commissioner, Supply, West Khasi Hills, today announced that the ration of the NFSA scheme 2013 for the month of July 2023 for AAY, PHH and NON-NFSA, West Khasi Hills District and others have already been released and the ration has been sent to the ration distributors.
The deceased were identified as Katdilia Khonglah, 26, Morison Dkhar, 40, Synran, 16 and Lapynshai Khonglah,
This is a small step that provides equitable distribution to all the children of the household, male and female, Ancestral and Self Acquired, along with the talents of our youth and the natural resources available. in our state, these are the ones who will build and accelerate the economic growth in our state to be the cornerstones in achieving the Prime Minister's vision of a $10 billion economy.
As we know that Meghalaya is a state dominated by Christians, but what is surprising is that there is a strong sense of racial and religious differences which has led to the destruction of peace and stability. The small ethnic groups living in the villages of the state.
Bah Nujorki brought the issue to the House on Friday through call attention.
We have a road length of 172 KM in the Sohra area and we have received funds to complete about 90 KM,” said Bah Gavin.
In this regard, this year on the 30th November 2023 is the anniversary of the death of Woh Kiang Nangbah because he was executed on the 30th November Khad-Ar Dolloi is all right.
Regarding Bah Rana, Bah Therbor, said that the release of the first golden bridge, has inspired many people, and it is through this album, that many more songs will be produced. Khasi singer.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the decision is now up to the HNLC and the Government is asking them to move forward with the peace talks.
Speaking briefly on the celebration of the Environment Day, the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) BK Lyngwa said, “This day in East Jaintia Hills District is a memorable event. Over the years, when we celebrate the Environment Day, we have forgotten many issues and many problems that we face, because we have polluted, damaged and taken too much from the environment.
These two markets, according to a statement from the government, have been approved by the government and construction works will soon begin.
On Tuesday, the authorities of West Karbi Anglong led by the Border Magistrate, West Karbi Anglong, Assam with a team of police and CRP came to the area.
“We who are now leading the world will never allow this change.
Then the trouble will increase.
Shillong, March 05 : The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) on Tuesday said that the Central Government should introduce an Official Bill on the Constitution of the country in the next session of Parliament.
Bah Pynshngaiñ said that as a leader for the country and the nation he stood firm without resigning as an MDC and when he did not resign in the end the High Court said that he cannot be named because he does not sit in the court. office belonging to the State Government but sitting in an office belonging to the 6th Scheduled.
Meanwhile, AerCap Holdings NV has not responded to Khan's remarks regarding the release of the plane.
It is for this reason that the houses of those who are still Khasi are like ships that have sunk.
Sohbir Football Club, which came third, received a cash prize of 5,000 tyngka along with a trophy.
Neighbors of Bah Lam's house, told this reporter, that the departure of these five persons, including Bah Yesly, was at 6 pm, but immediately, they came. They tried to enter the house in Nongmadan, Iew Smit.
In a statement on Twitter, Amit Shah appealed for food, medicines, petrol/diesel and other necessities to reach the people.
North Liberty HS School became the winner of the Under-17 Girls category by beating Kiang Nangbah HS School 2-0
The holy mountains of the area 12 Shnongs.
One such example is the PA Sangma Sports Complex, Tura, which can accommodate 10,000 people. which has recently been built.
The Wrestling Association of Meghalaya has also decided to hold a coaching and training camp soon with the training promised by the Wrestling Federation of India.
He urged the people to support the RDA of the UDP and HSPDP and elect Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin who is a lawyer who has no experience to go to Parliament.
“....
When asked, the NPP candidate said that before the BJP decided to support the NPP, she had already held talks with the BJP, UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM and TMC. The Union of Jaintia Village Authorities (UVH) has re-elected Ma Arminius Lipon as the President of Pynthorlangtein for the term 2024-2
The celebration also includes a number of activities for the children and youth of the Kur Warjri throughout the year including Football, Basketball, Painting, Essay and Poetry. , 'Dancing', 'Music' and in the morning of the dorbar day a Marathon was held.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 01: The KSU 20Mer Unit, today demanded from the PHE department to provide water to the village of Pahammawlein 20Mer, Ri Bhoi District.
Polyphenols found in strawberries can improve insulin levels in those who are overweight which can help prevent type 2 diabetes.
The office bearers of the KSU Tyrso Unit include Player Mashli as President, Mishak Mangu as Vice President, Fleming Sten as General Secretary and others.
Nongpoh, Lber 15: The construction of the 4-lane road in Ri Bhoi and passing through Nongpoh town, has partly improved the beauty and cleanliness of Nongpoh town, but another problem faced by the residents is the The lack of adequate parking spaces, which has caused traffic jam and inconvenience to the passengers.
The Sports Department of the State Government held a congratulatory meeting for the team on Friday at the MFA Stadium in Polo.
Therefore, perhaps no one has listened to the request of Bah AL Hek to provide employment to the families who have been poor for many years among the Khasi-Jaintia-Garo.
In a letter dated 8th November 2023, the Director of Education, Swapnil Tembe, has sought a reply from the Principal, to explain why she should not be punished for this allegation against them. rule the government.
The Village Organization is located in Khliehtyrshi Village, Thadlaskein Block.
Other men arrested in connection with the riots include Bartho Ch.
The driver of the vehicle took the passengers to their seats.
A police source said that the incident happened on the 3rd of last month in the village and after the incident, the family members of the victim The young man lodged a complaint with the Mairang police station.
The words that Mother had spoken touched Lydia's heart.
In the letter, Debbarma informed the Prime Minister that the indigenous people of Tripura have a strong desire to use Roman script for the Kokborok language.
At the same time, Bah Ronnie also spoke about the inefficiency of MeECL in which it takes a year and tens of months to repair the transformer.
“We have produced about 12,000 metric tonnes of fish while the consumption of fish has increased to 21,000 metric tonnes per annum.
He urged the youth not to wait for the special quota but to work hard because it is impossible to be sure that the special quota in education, employment, can be achieved. be destroyed because there are forces trying to destroy them.
Congratulating all those involved, Kong Kurbah said that this is the first time in East Khasi Hills, and the intention is to continue this.
The winning goal was scored by Aleksandr Kolarov from a free kick from the top of the net. Shillong: On the 15th of this month, West Jaintia Hills Police have arrested drug traffickers from Guwahati who were on their way to Silchar.
He said that when these Dorbar Shnongs go to apply for Pancard from the Income Tax Department, the Department says that they should register themselves as Societies first and this will put them at risk.
The pastor showed the reporter several chapters and verses that had been translated from the old Bible into the new Bible.
The books are written by authors in Delhi and do not help our children to relate what they read to their daily lives.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The three civil society organizations JNV-CB, HNYF-WJZ and CRJM have found that the thew bridges in Jaintia Hills have not complied with the rules of the transport department.
The tournament will start from 6th June to 11th June 2020 at 5:30 pm daily.
“I don't feel like eating much because I've been drinking for a long time,” said Bah Sokon and stood up to wash his hands.
Shillong: The Khasi Kmie Mawkhar Youth Association (KNY) on Saturday, 26th June 2019, concluded its Golden Jubilee celebration at the Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School Hall, Jaiaw.
However, the question is that when the local contractors have been awarded according to the SOR, why for the construction of the infrastructural component has been awarded 51% of the SOR. T.180 crore has been allocated.
Sometimes he thinks of going beyond the border.
The final was attended by the father of Khliehriat MLA, Kor Sympli, Vice President UDP, Meghalaya as the chief guest in the presence of Bhamon Shylla as the chief guest and others.
“Before the 2023 elections, I have already said that the constituency and the nation as a whole will not expect me to contest (in Them Iewmawlong) as a candidate or to contest only for the election.
Bengaluru FC through this goal continued to fight and went straight to the end of Mumbai City FC where they managed to score several attempts.
“This hero who resigned first, while the dorbar is not over, the resignation letter of the MDC has reached the desk of Dr Mukul Sangma. He went to the High Court to oppose the bill introduced by Mukul Sangma and won because the court has confirmed that the post of MDC is not for profit and he is u Bah PN Syiem,” he added.
You are like my son,” said Mahajan.
Acknowledging that the NEP will bring great benefits to the students of the state, the BJP leader said that they admit that there will be some problems here and there and it has been a long time.
Before the Gospel came to our country, we did not have our own faith which we call the Traditional Faith.
The ANVC(B) also alleged that there are aides to the GNLA to provide information on the movements of the police, the raids and the security forces on the border.
The SP recalled that this is the third time that Bah Jyllud has escaped from the hands of the police and 39 cases have been registered against him.
Commenting on the MDA Government's opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016, Shylla asked what would be the benefit of the MDA Government to oppose the Bill in Delhi if they are slow to implement the Inner Line Permit. long the sword to protect the state of Meghalaya.
The woman said that Bah Brolding had sent UDP office bearers to pick her up and bring her to his house in Kynshi on 17th June, 2023 to give her a gift. The remaining scheme which she should have received is 8000 tyngka even after the RTI has been submitted by Bah SW Sohlang.
Therefore, they have not been able to register an FIR and have to report it to the police.
He also asked how the Prime Minister can speak the truth.
In a statement, Ukraine's defense ministry said it had shot down nine aircraft, seven helicopters, 30 tanks, 130 fuel tanks and soldiers. there were 800 of them.
On the other hand, Bah Rocky Kharduit General Secretary of the FKJGP said that the FKJGP has expressed its strong opposition to the Sordar of Sohryngkham for signing the dulir to a woman who has married a foreigner. in this village.
The border area, until now, does not have its own representatives to talk to the Indian government for the development and welfare of the people on the border with Bangladesh. , that now it has lost many more areas, in the name of erection of signboards and not only that, but the failure of the State Government or the border authorities, has allowed the BSF troops, to They have been able to distribute various schemes themselves, in which their strength has been equal or greater than that of MLAs or Government Ministers.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has decided to hold the NE Olympic Games 2022 in April if the outbreak of COVID-19 subsides.
It is worth mentioning that after the complaint of these two villages to the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) Shillong yesterday, the department visited the water supply system in these villages. The Seng supports these two villages to demand the abolition of the Consent to Establish (CTE) because the increase in the number of coke plants in various Coke Plants is a violation of the environment. The President of the Seng, Bah DH Sumer and the General Secretary, Bah E. Sutnga, said that the union has been working hard to ensure the health of the people of the area.
The new cases include EGH: 5, EJH: 4, EKH: 75, RBD: 3, SWKH: 3, WGH: 5, WJH: 14 and WKH:
According to Freewell Manih, mother of Robert Manih, the incident happened on the 24th of November at 12 noon, when Robert Manih was returning from school. When he reached the house, he searched for his brother and in his search, he found that his brother had fallen into the pond, but with courage, Robert did not count himself. Manih, he jumped into the pond to rescue his brother.
They said that even if they don't sell, they will lose money. Even if they don't sell, the transportation fee will not come out because of the high price of petrol and this has put the farmers in a big trouble.
“We will write to the Prime Minister on this issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Shillong Lajong FC beat Gokulam Kerala FC 1-1 in the Hero I-League 2018-19 at JN Stadium, Shillong today.
The CoRP urges the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, to think carefully and not to include the 22 villages in Block-II in the Meghalaya-Assam border demarcation.
Speaking to media, CEM Teinwell Dkhar said that in fact the council has requested T.52 crore and the government has released only T.34 crore.
Hundreds of MeECL employees have marched outside the MeECL office at Lum Jingshai, Shillong carrying placards to demand the release of their salaries for the month of June .
Shillong: Following the sudden death of Mawphlang Constituency MLA Bah SK Sun who passed away on 10th November 2021, as a sign of remembrance of the late MLA, the The NCP MLA from Gambegre, Saleng A Sangma, has urged the Legislative Assembly during the Synrai Legislative Assembly to allow the relatives of Bah SK Sunn to contest the election. Saleng A Sangma said this during a special memorial service for Bah SK Sun.
Unfortunately, in the past few days and months, one after another Anganwadi Center and employees have come forward to express their grievances over the food that arrives every quarter.
Shillong, November 2: The State Government has set up a committee to monitor with the Central Government for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. Chief Minister Prof Roytre C Laloo while Director of Culture and Heritage Department Matsiewdor W Nongbri will be the member secretary of the committee.
Besides, one of the issues raised on the occasion was the lack of mobile network inside the Power House.
With a deep sorrow I pray and take the opportunity to write and speak this message, the bih seiniong in our country and nation.
When contacted, the beneficiaries said that they received only the 1st installment of T.52,000 tyngka after which they did not receive any more money and when they went to the Block they were told that they did not have any more money.
“I have handed over to the Municipal to examine the documents of the shopkeepers outside the complex in order to provide them with space inside the complex so that the shops outside can be demolished. “It's a beautiful market in Polo,” said Hamlet Dohling.
Singh said he is also against the National Register of Citizens (NRC), which he believes is against the independence of the country.
Hopefullness, from Tiehnongbah Village, said that he was able to recover the body of the Class VIII student from Dewsaw Village. The village is located near Mairang and Shyrwang.
Trilliancy Laloo is the mother of Pynbianglang Laloo, Pynbeit Laloo, Pyndap Laloo and Pynhun Laloo.
The introduction of development projects in all areas will help to improve income generation, education.
After the old market was recently demolished, the Municipal has set up a temporary market for the shopkeepers.
The members of the Seng also expressed their gratitude to Dr.M.Mazundar who has donated his own money for the provision of some equipment inside the PHC. The Seng demands that the government and the relevant department especially the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma should upgrade the PHC as he promised when he visited Maweit before the 2023 election. .
It may be recalled that the State Government set up the Meghalaya Water Harvesting Mission (MWHM) in 2008 with the aim of creating opportunities on how to manage rainwater.
Shillong, Jymmang, 08: Leaders of the Hmar and Kuki communities on Tuesday requested the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma to provide protection to their relatives who have fled Manipur to He came to live with his relatives who had moved to Shillong.
In the past few days, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the Government is considering the demand for FASToM. “We have received a reply that the Government will increase the salary and we accept that decision,” said FASToM General Secretary Andrew Lyngkhoi. in an interview with the media.
There are those who live in the sky, in the sky, and in the star sky.
Let us understand this first.
We cannot deny the fact that the small town of Jowai is the headquarters of our beloved Jaintia Hills, it is the Head Quarter of this Hill where Government Offices, Markets, Schools, Colleges, Banks, Hospitals, Doctor Clinics, especially the District Council JHADC, and many others have been working here for the Pnar people since ancient times until now and we live without relying on the jobs in Jowai! The Ri Lum send their children to school in Jowai, office workers, traders, contractors, marketers and so on come to live, migrate and need in this small town.
On the other hand, the MLA promised to take action to improve the quality of services.
He requested the Central Government to set up a Boundary Commission to find a way to resolve the dispute between the two states.
The Medical Superintendent of Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat said that the examination equipment will be used according to the current standards.
Before becoming an astrologer, he was also an English teacher at a college in Ahmedabad.
On the other hand, he said that if the government cannot do anything, it should immediately remove PM Poshan from the state.
However, there are laws that we ourselves have passed through the leaders in the Legislative Assembly such as the Benami Act, the Land Transfer Act and the Sixth Schedule which can regulate our entry and exit and protect us,” he said. The group also urges the Dorbar Shnongs to take action on these incidents and especially the authorities and police department not to sleep too late so that such incidents will not cause harm. change the society.
“For most of the 50 years we have handed over power to foreign parties from Delhi, Allahabad and now we have asked Gujarat to come and say please look after the Khadar rule in this state,” he said. he said that this has killed the struggle of our ancestors 60, 70 years ago who fought and fought for their own state.
Therefore, the warnings, announcements in Sohra and Shella are part of the villages can do, even in the villages inside the city, if they feel that it is not safe to allow foreigners who do not know, what kind, who. come, those who work or do what and so on.
The program was conducted by Bah Diber Shabong, Chairman of JAS and Rangbah Shnong of Laitnongkseh.
On the other hand, Samla Toning Lapang said that after talking to the DC of Ri-Bhoi, he promised to take immediate action on this issue and to talk to the SP of Ri-Bhoi, District Forest Officer and if The government has not taken any immediate action and the union has promised to take other stronger measures.
Bah Drallington in his speech said that as part of the celebration of Christmas, the day of the incarnation of Jesus Christ our Saviour, the HYC Mawlai Mawiong has chosen to visit you. When we love the Jaidbynriew, we must love our family, we must love our fellow human beings like you, it is through this love that we too will choose to come before Christmas. The gift to you, though it is small, we hope that you will receive it with a pure heart.
Village leaders of Mawpat area and 14 villages have strongly opposed the government's plan to set up a garbage dump in the area, and this was shown and announced at a public hearing held by Meghalaya. The State Pollution Control Board (PSC) has visited the village on Tuesday.
As we expect, the new district will bring about sustainable development.
Almost all the songs are about nature and culture of the nation, although there are a few about love and selfishness.
There are 40 cases in East Khasi Hills, 15 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 6 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 1 case in South Garo Hills. There are 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 9 cases in East Garo Hills and 1 case in South West Garo Hills.
“In Article 1.2, you say that the Research Area should be within the Khasi Hills Region and within the boundary of KHADC. The boundary of the search is limited to Khasi Hills, KHADC, while there are many kurs from Ïaw Shibidi who have spread all over the country,” he asked.
He said that since the time of the MUA-1, MUA-II and MDA governments, the party has already submitted many letters and memoranda of demand and the party has been seeking assistance from the government. The Minister of State, who is also the MLA of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the demand has not been implemented yet. In fact, the MDA government has promised to implement it. The government has forgotten about the demands of the union but the term is almost over and the government has forgotten about this issue.
" Rida's mother said again, 'You too are stupid.
Shillong received 10.0mm of rainfall, Sohra 0.8mm and Umiam 10.2mm.
Only when the other two ideas are fulfilled can the country and the nation be fulfilled.
The highest temperature was 18.8 degrees Celsius and the lowest temperature was 15.1 degrees Celsius.
The people have many expectations from this government and Ministers.
What is one man's meat is another man's poison, and what is one man's poison is another man's poison.
What remains now is the Government of India in the Parliament of the country, urging not to fight with bloodshed because it does not reach anywhere but to walk in understanding and urging everyone to convey this to them. the higher authorities of Parliament.
On the other hand, BJP leader in Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek, said that others cannot form a government without the BJP in Meghalaya even if it wins only a few seats.
“I will tell you, the BJP will not win a single seat in Garo Hills in 2018,” he said.
I have come to request him to end the protest because we need to talk because without talk where will we go,” said Kong Ampareen.
The maximum temperature in Shillong was 20.0 degrees Celsius, the minimum temperature was 14.1 degrees Celsius, Sohra 24.7 to 17.0 degrees Celsius and Umiam 24.7 to 18.5 degrees Celsius.
“We have promised to provide protection to the FCI employees by teams of CRPF and police, we have also ordered the SP and ensured the security forces at the checkpoints,” he said. they shall go to their work, and shall be no more afraid.
Three years later, instead of honoring or awarding the Khasi with the rank of First Schedule, the authorities have instead promoted the Khasi to the rank of Sixth Schedule.
The Executive Committee meeting was filled with deep sorrow and sorrow over this incident.
On the occasion of the 10th Anniversary of the Thongni Kur Samla Kur, the Thongni Kur Samla Kur Association also launched the Riti Treikam of the Thongni Kur. LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin, who was invited as the chief guest.
In 2022-23 alone, 1.03 crore water samples were tested through FTKs and 61 lakh water samples were tested in laboratories.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the state today said that there may be a deception and deception among the people regarding the increase in bill lights in the city or rural areas of the state.
Bandopadhyay said that on 27th November, the State Legislative Assembly has approved a decision to send a petition to the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. .
In addition, the KHADC has directed, “Rangbah Shnongs, Ministers, Sordars and Matabors should issue Residential Certificates to the Khasi people in accordance with the Khasi Lineage Act, 1997 and its Rules.
After the investigation, the Lokayukta filed a complaint against Ismail Marak and many others.
According to government records, out of this 30 lakh tonnes, the state has not been able to export sying but only in 2014 and 15 it has been able to export only 65 metric tonnes in 2014 and 2.5 metric tonnes in to 2016.
The weakness of the authorities is evident in the violence, robbery and forced restrictions on the citizens to live freely, proudly and prosperously.
The agreement was signed between CEO of MHIS and Additional Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare Ramkumar and LS Puni Isaac, Assistant Manager of NICL. State Health Officer James K Sangma and other Chief Officers of the State and the Health Department.
The CEMs of KHADC and JHADC have been invited to attend and give their opinion on this issue, said Bah Dkhar. , saw some oil floating on the surface of the water and then reported that another plane, flying from Australia, saw, a kind of object floating over the Java Sea; However, it has not been confirmed whether the plane was carrying 162 people.
The dance was also held at Biar Blai Square, Datlawakor and other places of worship in Ïawmusiang.
The parents now demand that Shrey and Shubhangi should give birth immediately this year, otherwise they should pay the money.
This child care is not just here and there.
After this, the farmers decided to set up units of the HFU in each village so that they can take their problems before the government.
DoNER, North Eastern Council, Ministry of Textiles, DC Handicrafts Office, KVIC, Oil India Ltd.
Dr. Ampareen said that the clinic has recently launched a free program for those who wish to be tested for the disease. Only for East Khasi Hills, it has been found that there are many cases in this area.
Batskhem Thongnirit scored 10 goals in the 50th minute and Pyrkhat Janai Kharkongor in the 58th minute to help Lamlynti FC win by 4 goals.
Besides the MLA, Tyrnit Pdeiñ, General Secretary of 7 Village Welfare Association Bisharbha Rymbai, Waheh Shnong Damon Lamo, Secretary Ripos Lyngdoh and other invited guests were also present. in addition to the residents.
Secretary Rtn.
He gave the example of the shortage of staff within the police department which has been a major challenge in curbing crime.
It was also a reminder to the entire area, that the shopkeepers should surprise the people that such beverages should not be sold near schools because they should be 100 feet away from the places. read.
The union also found many shortcomings in the Government Hospital including medicines.
He said the scheme has been implemented only for women and those who face this scheme will have to apply to the government through the Deputy Commissioner.
There are also those ministers who don't even know how to speak, they just write and read like school children.
I am here to take these issues to the right path,” said Dr Ampareen.
The Egyptian President has ordered the military officials to keep the plane secret so that there will be no conflict with Western countries.
The issue of empty casinos has become a hot topic in the state as almost all the Sengbhalang or Village Leaders have strongly opposed the government's plan to go ahead with the casino. empty.
Those who witnessed the event included S.Nongbet, Director of Horticulture, Bah R.Kharumnuid, Chairman of Eastern Ri Bhoi Organic FPC, Bah F Kharsyntiew, District Horticulture Officer, Nongpoh, other officers and that paid farmer.
On the 31st, he will meet with all the women's groups in Shillong at 12 noon at St Edmund's, Shillong, along with politicians, doctors and other groups to express their views and concerns. .
He said the CEC has decided not to hesitate and oppose the proposal of MeECL to generate electricity from the Umngot River as it will affect the agriculture of the villages below Moosakhia. build a project to produce electricity.
“I see that there are those who are trying to intimidate the UCC. However, I would like to say how can even the brothers be punished by one law while the other by another law? what is the household like that? “This is exactly how the country can be governed by having two laws,” he said.
The waters of the rivers have begun to dry up, the forests have been destroyed, the earthquakes have increased, the streams and rivers have been polluted by the breaking of garbage, niut ki nier. In the rivers, dustbins have been built in the rivers, people who are bright but we are still like dark people, wild animals, birds, fish, creatures that Im , the vegetables that grow in the forest, the medicinal plants that grow in the forest have begun to disappear which are a great treasure for us human beings.
On that occasion, Sardar Vallabhai Patel criticized the Khasi Hills, 'Your country is a place for the gods to live, the beautiful nature, the beautiful surroundings, the water of the Khasi Hills. neither to the gods, if your hearts are right.
On the other hand, SP Syrti in his speech explained the impact of drugs on the lives of people, by urging the school children not to use such beverages when they encounter any problems.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The North Garo Hills Tribal Contractors Association (NGHTCA) today announced that they will hold a poster rally on the 17th and 18th of this month. This decision was taken at the Executive Meeting of the NGHTCA held on Tuesday. week after their 15-day grace period expires.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Resolution Forum (HBDRF) today demanded from the Chief Election Officer (CEO) of the state to register the names of the Khasi living in Block I and Block II. Speaking to media, the Chairman of the HBDR, Bah Chandame Sungoh, said that the HBDR is the group that looks after the areas in the middle of the border dispute between Meghalaya. and Assam and is a group that looks after the welfare of the people living in these areas of Block I and Block II. In the recent elections, many of the residents in these areas did not have a good understanding of the elections.
But now, they have stirred up the crowd, because it has spread everywhere.
Out of the 19 participants from all over the state, Stella not only won the title but besides her beautiful appearance, she is also a smart and intelligent young woman. She is currently studying for a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc) in Mathematics at St. Mary's College, Shillong.
The implementation of all the pre-budget plans with the cooperation of all stakeholders will require your understanding,” he told the participants.
The KSU has promised that if the Garo rebels do not release the tymmen basan within the stipulated time, they will not be held responsible for any incident. “KSU General Secretary Forward Nongrem said.
There will be Group Traditional Competitions, Cultural Exchanges of the North Eastern States and a Magic Show.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The FKJGP Nongthymmai Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the spread of the news of evil spirits in Shillong.
The KSU admitted that the SE had said that there was a proposal to set up a new sub station in the area, but this work has not been completed.
The results will be announced on October 2,
Sangma also requested to increase the enrollment of students at NERIE, Meghalaya so that students from other states and Meghalaya can complete their studies at NERIE which is a prestigious institution in the country. the area.
When asked whether any of them have any intention to leave the Congress party and join other parties, he said that all the MLAs and MDCs of the Congress party are united.
“There has always been a rumor that the Congress will get zero in this election, but when we go to the ground we will see that many of them will get zero in this election. People still want to support the Congress”.
The court said the government has already issued a letter informing that there are 23 check-posts across the state.
In a meeting with the Union Minister of Roads, Conrad said that although the land has been handed over and the construction of the road has been completed, there are still many people who have already been handed over the land but have not yet received it. to the ground.
On the other hand, the youth has also gone to the police department to seek clarification regarding the matter where they have claimed that he is old, while those whose names are under the age of the reserve categories of the Khasi and Jaintia.
Bah Khyriem said he has never seen any other office doing this and this shows that a foreigner has been able to do whatever he wants here.
NEHU teachers on Thursday marched with placards demanding that the VC should resign as he has put HEHU in danger.
Furthermore, the ODF Plus villages have been divided into three categories, Aspiring, Rising and Model, as a sign of the progress of this work.
The Chairperson of the Committee said that the VPP can send its findings and recommendations to the Office of the Chief Minister, her Office and the Legal Department. to discuss at the last meeting of the Committee with all political parties.
In Raliang, the Self Help Groups together with the Raliang Dorbar Shnong conducted a cleanliness drive on the 1st and the cleanliness drive was attended by parents and youth.
Replying to why he will contest from the Congress and not from the UDP which he contested in 2018, Neru said that he did not contest from the UDP because he found out. This party has put behind the needs of the people.
On the other hand, he encouraged and wished all the workers of the party to be united and to work hard as they have done in the past years in the MDC elections and The 2023 MLA elections have not yet been held.
Shillong: Volunteers of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) in the past few days have sent away many people who wanted to sell and buy jhur from the parking lot opposite Anjalee Cinema. Shillong for being found to have a temperature of more than 37 degrees Celsius in the thermal scanner.
The Government should take seriously this issue as there is a need for a large committee to oversee the cooperation of all Government departments to promote tourism in the state.
The damage patterns of the houses will be categorized according to the damage patterns whether majority or minority.
The ice cream factories that were closed down were Cream Hills Ice Cream owned by Bimlesh Kumar of Khliehriat East, Swati Ice Cream owned by Ashok Sahani and Chota Bheem Ice Cream owned by Rajiv Kumar Shani. Priceycol Ice Cream owned by Roitre Phawa and Priceycol Ice Cream owned by Raman Das of Lad Rymbai. India, which is one of the departments of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India,” said the report of Bah NA Lynwi, Food Safety Officer, East Jaintia Hills. He was appointed Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills on the 2nd of this month.
On the other hand, there has been an increase in the number of teachers at the Primary and Upper Primary Level.
In addition, these Volunteers will also act as Banking Correspondents to assist in the distribution of pension or to assist people with disabilities or to assist in the delivery of government schemes to every household.
Shillong: An earthquake measuring 5.3 on the Richter Scale struck at 11:08 pm on Tuesday night. It started at a depth of 28 km below sea level at Bishnupur in Manipur.
Akshay has been busy promoting Good Newwz, which will be seen with Kareena, where the two have not acted in years.
Suddenly, people came out with their faces covered.
Their support for this protest does not mean to discriminate against ethnic groups, but they are concerned about the unemployment of young people who have not found jobs after graduation.
The organizers will distribute T Shirts to all the participants.
Therefore, until it is resolved, all the citizens of the state will remain in shock and surprise because they do not know how the government will get and who will lead it.
What is our responsibility as elected lawmakers? The wise say, we get the government we elect.
This is a truth that has happened all over the country and also in the world but there is no problem for us the descendants of the age of knowledge and the age of light to say that these things which the Lord has blessed us. .........shall we use, think, care and share for the future and the future generations? Let us listen to the sound of the Lord's life with ears that hear, eyes that see clearly and a mind that thinks and sees far!.
He said that if the government continues to allow the strike, it will further harm the economic development and income of the state.
He said that according to the rules laid down by the Election Commission of India, before the polling, the polling should be conducted to test the machine and in this, the participants should not be less than to 50 people.
The four suspects were identified as Hopeful Nongtdu of Rymbai, Khrawbok Rongrin of Sohbar A, Shallang, Ashish Arya of Basisthapur Bye-Lane, Guwahati and Kamrup. Beltola Tiniali, Guwahati, Kamrup.
In his speech, he also announced that the Government of India will spend Rs 3.5 lakh crore to provide drinking water to every household in the country under the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme.
Therefore, the Seng urges the government especially the police department to take action on this issue so that it can save the people from the problems and take all measures to resolve this traffic jam. which began in July until now.
“The government has taken this step to ban the purchase of fish from abroad to ensure the safety of the people which is important.
He said that the most important thing is to follow the guidelines of the Government to prevent the spread of the disease.
These lands, which are intended to be sold to the BSF by Bah Deilang Shirup Law, fall under the jurisdiction of three villages of Nagrabil, Pilangru A and B under the Marwet raid in the country. Flood District.
Above I have made it clear that we human beings are citizens of the earthly and heavenly kingdoms because we have a body and a soul.
"During elections, this is what all political parties do as part of the handshake," Ao said.
Although the Election Commission has received the mombati, in some constituencies where the PDF does not have a candidate, others cannot use or take the mombati as a shap because the PDF is not yet a party. I don't have this symbol because I don't have an MLA in the House.
“The money is ours but when this happens it is no longer ours, therefore it is easier to keep the money in your own hands and not to deposit it in the banks as the government has recommended,” he said. reveal one long mother.
In East Garo Hills, there is one high risk case and in South West Garo Hills, there is one high risk case.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Sports Department of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has decided to hold the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament for men this month. August.
It is to be recalled that the winners of Meghalaya Got Talentki have been given the opportunity to take part in major competitions.
Before the funeral, a condolence meeting was held at his home in the presence of many speakers, including Lambokstar Marngar, President KSU, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, Leader of CoMSO. , Bah Sadon K Blah, President HNYF and other leaders.
In Dibrugarh district, one blast occurred at Graham Bazar and another near a gurudwara on AT Road and both are under the jurisdiction of Dibrugarh police station.
The BJP has claimed that it was the Congress government which passed the anti-conversion laws in the country. Madhya Pradesh and Arunachal Pradesh have passed the Freedom of Religion Act, 1978, which prohibits people from converting from one religion to another.
It was witnessed that the Alto was badly damaged from the bumper and the front window of the vehicle was broken as the collision was severe.
Meghalaya has shown its skills to win the Athletics title of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 on Tuesday.
You have to use the latest technology, sitting in the classrooms will not improve your brain,” he said while urging the students to make good use of the M-Tabs for their studies. .
Similarly, the third defeat in Joshua's career was not the end of his career; However, he will return to the London Olympics for the first time since
The world that used to be, is a world that treats women and children badly, that oppresses and exploits market vendors, domestic workers and hourly workers.
Shillong: U Vincent Pala, MP from Shillong and also the Congress candidate, today filed his nomination papers as the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency.
The Coal India Limited (CIL) water pump has pumped 4,590,000 liters from two wells from 5 pm today for 34 hours.
The celebration was inaugurated by the MLA of the area, Bah AL Hek in the presence of MDC, Bah Fantin Joseph Lakadong, Rangbah Shnong, elders of the area and others.
“We don't blame all the Karbi people but there are some Karbi leaders who want to destroy the society.
The Rs 1.3 lakh donated by the Sikkim government to the two families affected by the incident is Rs 40,500 to the cow farmer and Rs 25,000 to the owner of a house.
The union also said that after the meeting held on 29th July 2015, the Assam government has not been able to amend the resolution sent by the government. Meghalaya and started to act and create schemes to capture the Langpih area.
Police slowly started digging through a complaint filed by his brother on March 18, 2018.
Speaking to reporters, NEEPCO Chairman PC Pankaj said that the project has many challenges but many of them have been repaired.
Ummulong tied for 265/7 in 35 overs.
Students had to wait for nearly three hours from the scheduled time to write the examination, he added.
He said that the Prime Minister has always insisted before the CC that the aim is to generate more revenue for the state with the existence of this Khalai Act in the state.
Shillong, Lber 08: The President of the HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the party intends to file a defamation case against the BJP over its allegation that Meghalaya is a state. The National Vice President of the BJP in charge of Meghalaya, Dr M Chuba Ao, has said that the BJP has no intention of proceeding with the complaint. election campaign for the citizens of the state.
Besides, the incident has killed many people and the state government has conducted a magisterial inquiry, so we don't know whether the investigation will continue only on the incident. The day, which led to the death of a person or perhaps, will go longer (although it will be necessary, if they take the matter further) and if the investigation goes longer, without fail , will include the residence of these foreigners, their employment and now in the same NRC, CAA or ILP, so it will also include the inspection of documents and verification of their residence permit. There we will see clearly the emergence of these hundreds of foreigners, who have been the owners of this village for many years and decades now.
“Delhi, which is the headquarters of the country, has been defeated by the Congress,” he said.
On the AITC's promises like We Card and MYE Card, he said they are only election promises and cannot be implemented as happened in West Bengal under their rule. the most backward state.
The report said the world's population has now reached 1.4 billion.
The victims were identified as Dr. Janak Jhankar Narzari, Soumitra Chatterji, Rathin Kanji, Prof. Niaz Majumdar, Rishi Barua, Sheema Barua, Falguni Mukherji, Samita Goswami, Ketaki Choudhury, Saleha Ahmed, Babita Dutta, Barikor of Santiniketan. , and from Shillong, Mario Pathaw, Phaibha Kupar Kharlukhi, Benedict S Hynniewta, Frederick D Hynniewta and Raphael Warjri.
The debt remaining to be harvested is about a year old. Because of Peter's selfishness and selfishness, the debt is not long to be paid because he has calculated exactly.
He is also under investigation by the Wildlife authorities on suspicion of involvement in the smuggling of kyrbei to Bangladesh.
Sources said the Congress party does not want to reveal its struggle before the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi lest it be a shame to the party. However, he said that the decision to replace Dr. Mukul Sangma with another leader will be taken after Modi's departure from Shillong.
Also present at the opening ceremony were the Minister of State for Urban Affairs and Tourism, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA of Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla, Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills, officials. of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and officers of various departments of the District.
, Anuskha's High Jump, Sibilda Maring's High Jump.
Rajabala MLA Dr. Mizanur Rehman Kazi of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in a statement said that the state needs not only to discuss the recruitment but also to ensure that the recruitment will be in accordance with the order issued by the highest court of the land.
Binen T Sangma has lodged a complaint that his licensed SBBL rifle, along with the license, was stolen from his residence in Simbukolgre, Selsella, West Garo Hills. .
Members of the All India Chamber of Match Industries from Kovilpatti, Sattur, Gudiyatham, Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri have taken the decision to increase the price.
He said the government has allocated T.2800 crore for the development of youth in the fields of sports, music, culture and employment. phong of the young.
Aplang Buam (16) scored one goal for Laban while Lumlang Hujon (81) and Moonstar Nongsiej (86) scored one goal for Marbisu.
And the sad thing is that the whole world still recognizes our nation by its appearance, not by its true appearance.
How can you not praise them even with your soul?Only memories will remain, future, inheritance, In the list of old singers, to forget you is not right.
"It's too late for me to drink like that from Kongthei's house," said Lano.
It is planted in Assam in June and July.
“This action of the Assam Police shows violence without respecting the needs of the residents who should benefit from this scheme,” said Bah Serbilin Lyngdoh President of FKJGP Langpih.
Students are happy and sad: students are happy first that their examination is over, they are happy because they see the opportunity to go and eat stories near and far under the guidance of the teachers.
Nongpoh: A meeting was held with the leaders of three Khasi Himas, Mylliem, Jirang and Nongspung Hima, on Saturday at the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet. The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Prime Minister of Meghalaya and Assam has been signed to discuss the annexation of many parts of Meghalaya to Assam. was incorporated into Assam.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (ANC) Luizinho Faleiro, who is in charge of the North East, today denied that there is any allegation that there is a Answering a question whether it is true that some Congress members intend to join the BJP. AICC General Secretary Luizinho Faleiro denied the report by saying, “We all know that this BJP Government has destroyed the entire country and who is that fool? “I have met with members of the Congress, I have already spoken to them and it is not true, it is just bad news, because the present Government does not have any development work in the country because they don't have the money,” he added.
He stressed the need for cooperation to avoid rape and the best way to stop this is through increasing training, creating support among students. or in society as a whole.
These include EKH: 54, RBD: 1, WGH: 2, WJH: 2 and WKH:
At the same time, he said the BJP has tried to introduce Gujarat rule in the country including Meghalaya.
In the letter, they also said that the children who have been shot have been sent to hospitals and at the same time they have warned that if they die they will hand them over to the police.
This means that from birth, the mother should receive adequate care and especially food, because the medicine is in food.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong said the meeting has decided to demand that the ECI should not use ballot papers in the counting of votes. The UDP cannot rely on man-made machines that can cheat at will.
